It's a well-accepted fact that city prices are exponentially higher than prices in the province, which is why if you're more Town than Country, you can expect to have a bigger headache when it comes to costing out your lifestyle. While living in Manila may be costlier than settling in other cities in the country, its prices barely hold a candle to the world's most expensive cities. Big names like New York, San Francisco, Paris, and London may initially come to mind, but surprisingly half the list by The Economist Group consists of cities in our neighboring Asian countries.
The study collated the list based on the average prices of basic grocery goods, clothing, recreation, and entertainment. Costs of buying and maintaining a car, as well as other recurring expenses such as home rent, private schools, and help, were also indexed by the research. With these factors taken into account, Singapore topped the list, with Hong Kong following second and Switzerland coming in third. See the complete list below:
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
If you're wondering why New York was is so far down and San Francisco failed to make it entirely, it may because of the weakening U.S. dollar and its effects.
To give you an idea of how much it would cost to live in Singapore, Hong Kong, and Tokyo, here is a breakdown of basic costs and their Philippine peso equivalents*:
SOURCE Numbeo /Expatistan
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
* SGD 1 = P37.78
* HKD 1 = P6.52
* JPY 1 = P0.47
h/t: Market Watch
As the 'God Hates Fags' Church sings 'We Hate Who U R' - a parody of 'We are U We are' - the bisexual pop singer sends her dancers for a surprise performance
Popstar Ke$ha treated Westboro Baptist Church protestors to a choreographed dance routine from three male back-up dancers during her Nebraska show on Sunday (19 August).
Followers of the extreme church group were chanting an anti-gay version of Ke$ha's hit anthem ‘We are Who We are', titled ‘God Hates Who U R' outside the stadium in Lincoln.
In response, the openly bisexual star sent a few of her dancers to surprise the protestors, providing slick choreography to accompany the hateful lyrics.
The protestors didn't falter with the singing but did look a bit stunned by the unexpected show.
Check out the video below.
Those who irritate us and give us grounds for righteous indignation are our secret benefactors, for there are few states of mind more gratifying than that of righteous indignation. And therefore, in a certain way, I should be grateful to L”OrÃ©al, the enormous French cosmetics company, for having instituted the L”OrÃ©al-UNESCO “For Women in Science” laureate program.
In the arrival hall of Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris there have for some time hung from the ceiling large and elegant posters publicizing these awards, showing women (mainly Japanese) at laboratory workbenches, with the words “Science needs women” emblazoned across them. The posters were still there when I arrived again last week.
Science does not need women any more than it needs foot fetishists, pole-vaulters, or Somalis. What science needs (if an abstraction such as science can be said to need anything) is scientists. If they happen also to be foot fetishists, pole-vaulters, or Somalis, so be it: but no one in his right mind would go to any lengths to recruit for his laboratory foot fetishists, pole-vaulters, or Somalis for those characteristics alone.
“It would be no consolation to know while on a collapsing bridge and about to plunge into the deep ravine below that it had been built by a truly representative sample of the population, and was therefore a monument to social justice.”
One of the main glories of science is that it is universal, or at least approaches universality as nearly as it is possible for a human activity to do. Within a few years of Commodore Perry's opening up of Japan to the outside world, Japanese scientists were contributing to the (then) new science of bacteriology on an equal footing with Western scientists. But that is not at all the same as saying that science needed the Japanese. It could have got on very well without them.
It is true, of course, that women are demographically underrepresented in the ranks of scientists, but so are many other groups. (This means, of course, that others are overrepresented.) This may be for more than one reason: lack of aptitude or interest, for example, or deliberate or subtle obstructiveness. But historical attempts to recruit scientists according to some demographic criterion or other have not been met with success, even as far as the advancement of science itself is concerned, and have been made by the very worst dictatorships that in other respects have been abominable. Social engineering and engineering are two very different activities. It would be no consolation to know while on a collapsing bridge and about to plunge into the deep ravine below that it had been built by a truly representative sample of the population, and was therefore a monument to social justice.
Suppose that, instead of Science needs women, other slogans based upon exactly the same logic hung over the arrivals hall: Heavyweight boxing needs Malays, for example, Football needs dwarf goalkeepers, Quantity surveying needs bisexuals, Lavatory cleaning needs left-handers: the absurdity of the argument would be immediately apparent. In fact the categorization both of human activities and humans themselves being almost infinite, the obsession with demographic representation as the most important criterion of fairness or social justice is virtually without end. The search for social fairness in this sense can lead only to perpetual conflict, much as the imposition of parliamentary democracy has done in countries in which it is not an organic outgrowth of their history, and as a true parliamentary regime in the European Union would very soon do.
Whether more women in science would result in faster scientific advance is an open question. It might but it might not. More scientists do not necessarily mean better or even more science. Are the women to replace men, or be additional to them? And a prize for women in science is inherently, though no doubt unintentionally, condescending. Good science is good science, irrespective of who has done it; and the prize brings to mind Doctor Johnson's famous remark about women preachers, that they are like dogs walking on their hind legs: it is not well done, but one is surprised to see it done at all.
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW ORLEANS (WGNO) - A 55-year-old woman is accused of throwing bleach on two teens outside a gas station Monday morning in Central City. The bleach attack happened outside Quick Stop Service Station in the 3300 block of Carondelet Street around 7:40 a.m.
An 18-year-old victim told police a woman approached her aggressively and began to argue with her while she was waiting in line at the gas station. The victim said the woman thought she skipped her in line.
Minutes later, the suspect identified as, Deanna Rudison, confronted the victim and a 15-year-old girl in the parking lot. Police say Rudison had two open bottles of bleach in her hands and threw it in the girls' faces.
Seconds later, a man who said he was Rudison's son showed up, and according to the 18-year-old victim grabbed her and threw her to the ground.
Both suspects then fled the area.
The victims were treated at a hospital for bleach exposure while the 18-year-old was also treated for a broken arm.
Shortly later, Deanna Rudison was questioned by authorities and booked with two counts of aggravated battery.
Her son, Jonathan Rudison, 27, is considered a person-of-interest at this time.
This investigation is on-going.
Citizens with information that can help solve this crime are asked to call Crimestoppers at 822-1111 or toll-free 1-877-903-STOP
The New Orleans Saints' improved defense suffered a blow.
NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported safety Kenny Vaccaro is headed to injured reserve, according to a source informed of the decision. Vaccaro has been playing with an adductor muscle (groin) completely torn off the bone and an injured wrist. He'll undergo surgery on both, per Rapoport.
The 26-year-old safety started 12 games this season, compiling 60 tackles, seven passes defended, three interceptions and 1.5 sacks. Vaccaro missed two games earlier in the season due to the groin injury.
The Saints are deep at safety with Vonn Bell and rookie Marcus Williams. Chris Banjo and Rafael Bush are also options to rotate at the position. Corner P.J. Williams could be in line for more snaps against three-receiver sets, where Vaccaro often dropped to cover the slot.
Heading into free agency, Vaccaro had an up-and-down season while battling through injury. His versatility allowed the Saints flexibility, and for stretches he made plays -- especially against the run -- earning a career-high three interceptions. At other times, the safety played poorly against the pass this season and was benched in a Week 2 loss versus the Patriots. His play dropped off noticeably after the groin injury struck in early November. Pro Football Focus graded Vaccaro their 117th rated safety this season, lowest among qualifying players.
Even though Vaccaro struggled while battling through injury, his absence will harm the Saints' best defense in memory. Since Week 3, New Orleans has allowed 18.1 points per game, 297.8 total yards per game, and an opposing passer rating of 69.4.
Injuries, however, have begun to pile up for the Super Bowl hopefuls. The Saints already placed staring defenders Alex Okafor, A.J. Klein, and Alex Anzalone on IR this season.
The Saints currently sit tied atop the NFC South, with tilts against the Falcons and Panthers to close out the season.
It's May. Which means that, as crazy as it seems, Florida State is now about only four months away from opening its 2017 football season against the Alabama Crimson Tide in Atlanta. And while that game will surely dominate opening-weekend headlines, it's really just the tip off the proverbial iceberg with regard to the state of the Seminole program and what the future may hold for FSU football.
There's just so much more that requires examination as the 'Noles continue to distance themselves from their national championship season of 2013. To begin, and this may sound strange, but it's important that FSU fans don't make too much of that season-opening primetime matchup with the Crimson Tide. While a win may provide bragging rights and a boost on the national scene, for all intents and purposes, it's not even one of the most important games on the Seminoles' 2017 schedule. Simply put, if the goal of a program the caliber of FSU is to win national titles — and it most certainly is this year — division dominance is where it begins.
Specifically, that means beating the defending national champs, Clemson, on the road. Doing that, coupled with winning everything aside from a loss to ‘Bama, would mean two things. First, an appearance in the ACC title game. Win that, and you're almost certainly playoff bound. Second, it would mean that you extended your winning streak over Miami to eight straight, along with five straight over Florida, which perpetuates an even longer run of dominating in-state recruiting in the talent-rich state of Florida.
And while landing stud recruits is where it all begins, they have to perform when they get to Tallahassee. And that has been an issue of late that will be worth keeping an eye on regarding the state of the program. Last year, FSU players had to sign a letter promising to give their best effort. Wanting to launch a preemptive strike against the same problem this spring, Head Coach Jimbo Fisher issued different colored jerseys to those offering varying levels of effort in practice.
The questions remain: why was that necessary? Was it strictly a precautionary measure, or is this once again a concern of Fisher? And more practically speaking, what happens if this team falls behind big to Alabama (not an unreasonable possibility)? Will they disintegrate, they way they did against Louisville in 2016? The answer to that question could reflect largely on the state of FSU football, and if Fisher's era as an agent of change has worn thin.
Of course, Fisher's recruiting does not suggest that at all, as another slew of talent is either destined for FSU in the fall or already on campus. The foremost, of course, with regard to Fisher's expertise, is quarterback Deondre Francois. And as Fisher's billing is largely that of a QB guru, the development of Francois will say a lot about the state of the FSU program. After all, since the departure of generational signal-caller Jameis Winston, Fisher had an unsuccessful stint with one-year grad-transfer Everett Golson prior to Francois.
So now the question becomes: does Fisher make QBs elite, or did Winston make Fisher look good? Francois' 2017 season will say a lot about that.
Although maybe it won't have to. Fisher has not been a fan of the “game manager” role ascribed to quarterbacks in the past, but that may just be the role of Seminole QBs in the near future, due to the wealth of exciting running backs in the 'Nole backfield, led by freshman phenom Cam Akers.
Akers looks better than Dalvin Cook did at this point in his career, which is a scary prospect for other teams on the FSU schedule. And the defense returns 9 of 11 starters, including Derwin James, who may just be the best player in college football. If Florida State can straighten some things out on its special teams — and spring results from punter/kicker Logan Tyler were very encouraging — the state of FSU football could very well prove quite promising, and heading in the right direction.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union states will take the formal decision on Monday to create a joint command centre for the bloc's military missions, a symbolic step in the renewed quest for more security and defence cooperation, officials and diplomats in Brussels said.
FILE PHOTO:A European flag flies outside Grandmaster's Palace on the eve of a European Union leaders summit in Valletta, Malta February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman/File Photo
The politically-sensitive issue of pulling EU states closer together on defence has been stalled for years, but the theme returned to the EU agenda following Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea and amid a growing threat from Islamic militants.
Suggestions by the new U.S. President Donald Trump that he could be less committed to the security of Washington's NATO allies in Europe if they do not meet their defence spending goals have galvanised the EU, creating a new sense of urgency.
Last December, EU leaders agreed to explore ways to establish “a permanent operational planning and conduct capability at the strategic level”.
On Monday, foreign and defence ministers of the 28 EU states meeting in Brussels will decide on creating the so-called Military Planning and Conduct Capability (MPCC) so that it can take over this spring.
It would command the bloc's “non-executive military missions”. These include the three military training missions the bloc now runs in Mali, Somalia and Central African Republic.
In the future, it would also cover any capacity-building, monitoring or demobilisation and disarmament military missions.
While symbolically significant, the MPCC would in practice consist of some 30 people and sit within the bloc's foreign policy service in Brussels. It will most likely be led by the current head of the military staff at the EU's foreign arm.
Highlighting how controversial the matter still is among EU states, they debated at length on whether the head of the new body should be called a “commander”. They eventually settled for “director”.
Any movement towards an “EU military headquarters” has long been opposed by Britain, the bloc's leading military power, but the idea has been revived by Germany and France since the British voted to leave the EU.
Another EU and NATO state Poland - which has for a long time based its hard security guarantees on Washington and the transatlantic military alliance - is worried that more defence cooperation in the European bloc could weaken NATO's resolve in Europe.
The incremental step is, therefore, a compromise.
“We are very excited, symbolically it is important. Whatever you want to call it, it is a step towards an EU military headquarters with a commander,” a French diplomat said.
The Grand Final Parade could be on a public holiday in the future
GRAND Final eve appears set to become a public holiday in Victoria, following Labor's state election victory.
It's just one of a number of AFL-related commitments made by premier-elect Daniel Andrews in the lead-up to Saturday's poll.
"Making the Friday before the Grand Final a public holiday would benefit families and tourism, and would help capitalise on a major event in our state," Andrews declared in August.
Labor has also committed funding to upgrades of Ballarat's Eureka Stadium and the next stage of Geelong's Simonds Stadium.
although club chairman Peter Gordon said on Monday it was more likely to be 2018. The $25million Ballarat pledge could see the Western Bulldogs playing home games in the regional city as early as 2016,
The commitment to stage four of the Simonds Stadium redevelopment amounts to a whopping $70million.
Labor has also committed $25million in funds to establishing a Cricket Victoria base at Junction Oval in Albert Park, which will pave the way for earlier AFL access to the MCG.
The Andrews victory does create a hurdle for St Kilda though because the Seaford-based club had publicly sided with outgoing Liberal premier Denis Napthine.
However, AFL.com.au understands Labor has left the door open for further discussions, and that St Kilda and the AFL itself will be sought to engage with them further to get the move across the line.
The annual, but relatively unlikely, prospect of Victoria hosting a Sheffield Shield cricket final has been a source of constant frustration for AFL schedulers, rendering the MCG unavailable for the start of the football season.
Regardless of what happens with St Kilda, the Junction Oval upgrade will allow low-drawing state level cricket matches to played on a high quality surface at a boutique venue, making way for footy at the 100,000 capacity MCG.
The latest statistics released by the South African Police Service revealed that during April to December last year a total of 12 743 vehicles were hijacked. That is 14,9% more than the 2015/16 financial year.
Wheels24 reported earlier this year that more than 1 400 vehicles are hijacked each month in South Africa. Ryno Schutte, Managing Director of Pro-Active SA, a company which helps notify and distribute information in stolen or hijacked vehicles to security companies in South Africa, said: “To understand the psyche of a criminal we need to look at the human aspect thereof. As we all have a career that we wish to excel in and want to be at the top of our class in everything we do, the same can be said about criminals. They will constantly adapt their modus operandi (Standard Operating Procedure) and find ways and means to get out on top”.
Schuttte said South Africans tend to follow the same routine everyday and 76,5% of hijackings could have been avoided.
Read more:Attempted hijacking drama | Limpopo
“We do everything a certain way. We drive the same route daily, we get home at the same time, we leave home at the same time. Criminals know this and use this known fact that we as South Africans have become complacent.”
He adds: “Criminals do shopping before hand and theft of motor vehicles is not as random as they seem. There is an element of organised skill that goes into stealing a vehicle or even hijacking a vehicle. Criminals know what they want and need to supply the ‘boss' with a certain make or model in a specific timeline.
“We can all agree that your vehicle is not worth your life, if it's your vehicle being hijacked, remain calm at all times. Adhere to the requests made by the people while trying to notice as much information as possible about the perpetrators.
“They are just as nervous as you are, don't take the risk of trying to fight the criminals off at any stage of the incident.”
0152932296
0152939433
0152932296
0152939433
0152932296
0152939433
Read more:‘We survived an attempted hijacking' | Limpopo – Pieterse recounts the incident
Schutte claims there's been a huge increase in hijackings the past few years of around 14% – 15% year on year which equates to 47 hijackings a day countrywide.
Technology is advancing at a rapid rate when it comes to vehicle security which is a contributing factor to hijackings.
“No longer can a vehicle just be ‘hot-wired' but the key is required for the vehicle to operate. Gone are the days when a suspect looks a certain way.
“Criminals are evolving daily, driving high performance vehicles, neatly dressed and do not look suspicious, preying on unexpected drivers. If you feel uncomfortable at any stage while driving anywhere, rather than taking a risk by driving directly to your destination, contact your local security company to ‘meet and greet' you at your home or drive to the closest police station.
“Be prepared at all times, be aware of your surroundings constantly, take note of new trends used by criminals and ensure that you adapt your driving patterns accordingly. Get off your mobile phone and focus on your driving as prevention is better than a cure.”
Golden rules to follow if confronted by a hijacker:
• Remain calm and do not argue, do not make sudden gestures.
• Avoid eye contact but try to remember what the hijacker looked like by identifying and remembering special features.
• Comply with the hijacker's directions, within reason.
• Try and get away from the area as quickly as possible.
• Don't be a hero – your life is worth more than your car.
According to Const Irene Masingi, Spokesperson SAPS Mokopane, they are not allowed to make hijacking statistics public. “The following areas are hijacking hotspots in Mokopane, N1 Highway, R101, R518, Mokopane CBD Cnr Nelson Mandela and Thabo Mbeki, Cnr Nelson Mandela and Dudu Madisha, Cnr Thabo Mbeki and Kruger, Percy Fyfe Road and Akasia.
According to Masingi, methods used in hijackings are: Pointing of firearm, threatenimg with a knife or object and vehicle taken by force.
[email protected]
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Ahead of the Sochi Olympics in February, Russia is taking saliva samples from religiously conservative Muslim women, according to locals in the North Caucasus, gathering DNA so authorities can identify the body parts if any become suicide bombers.
The move coincides with a drive by President Vladimir Putin to crack down on an Islamist insurgency in Dagestan, a province in the foothills of the Caucasus Mountains east of the Winter Games sites in Sochi.
Under Putin, authorities seem to have given up trying to deal with the conflict through dialogue with adherents of the strict Salafist strand of Islam that is the militants' religion.
Critics say his new hard line is feeding the resentment that lies behind insurgent attacks in the region. On October 21, a suicide bombing that killed six people in Volgograd, a major city north of Sochi, was blamed on a woman from Dagestan.
The turmoil is taking its toll on residents of the region. Albina Magomedova, a 35-year-old Salafi woman, left her home in Dagestan's capital Makhachkala for Turkey this month.
Her father disappeared after being kidnapped by gunmen, her husband was jailed, and her brother-in-law, an insurgent blamed for suicide bombings on the Moscow metro in 2010, was killed by security forces, she said.
Surrounded by other hijab-wearing women at her home before she left the country, Magomedova told Reuters: "Allah does not allow us to take up arms. If he allowed it, we would."
Some of those gathered over sweets and tea disagreed, saying that revenge attacks by women are allowed under Islam.
Eight women contacted by Reuters said they had been asked to provide swabs of saliva, which can be used to identify them if they blow themselves up. Locals said the DNA tests were part of a sweep after a suicide bombing in Makhachkala in May.
Police did not respond to a request for comment.
Dubbed "black widows", some 49 female suicide bombers have carried out attacks in Russia in the past 13 years, according to the Caucasian Knot website, which tracks the unrest.
In response, security forces have blown up the homes of militants' relatives, sealed off mountain villages and rounded up young men suspected of having ties to militants.
Many madrassas, or Muslim religious schools, and charities run by the Salafis have been shut. While some Salafis have fled abroad, others are taking up arms, Salafi leaders say.
"By the Olympics, the most important thing for our image is for the situation to be calm and normal in Dagestan," said Ramazan Dzhafarov, Dagestan's deputy prime minister.
In July, Doku Umarov, the leader of Russia's Islamist insurgency, urged his fighters to use "maximum force" to sabotage the Olympics.
SECURITY TIGHTENED
Putin hopes the $50 billion games will enhance Russia's prestige. He has tightened security around Sochi, where Cossack militia patrol the streets.
Interior Minister Vladimir Kolokoltsev told parliament that authorities were receiving "alarming information" and were working to eliminate leaders and members of armed groups.
"There are simply no other ways to combat these inhuman monsters," he said.
Security analysts say militants are unlikely to penetrate the layers of protection around Sochi but attacks cannot be ruled out, especially in nearby cities like Volgograd.
"The special services can't prevent everything. There are many people who want to ruin the Sochi Olympics," said Sergey Goncharov, formerly a senior counter-insurgency official.
Dagestan, Russia's most southern province, has Islamic roots dating back to a seventh-century Arab invasion and the majority of its 2.9 million people are Muslim. A growing number have become Salafis in recent years, influenced by scholars who studied in the Middle East. Some joined the Islamist insurgency that grew out of separatist wars in neighbouring Chechnya.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev, a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing, spent the first half of 2012 living in Dagestan.
At the rear of a hillside cemetery in Dagestan lie the remains of suicide bombers and militants killed by security forces, their graves marked with numbers instead of names.
Russia does not return the bodies to their families for burial, punishing them under a law passed by Putin in 2002. Police take bribes to disclose where they lie, residents say.
In September, Putin cited a Tsarist-era diplomat as saying "We need to bring order to the Caucasus once and for all," and added: "That was the case then and it is still the case today."
On October 25 parliament approved new legislation he submitted that toughens punishment for terrorism and makes the relatives of militants responsible for paying damages caused by attacks.
Putin in January dismissed Dagestan's former leader Magomedsalam Magomedov, who had relaxed tough religious policies, sought dialogue with Salafi leaders, allowed them to open madrassas and set up a commission to rehabilitate rebels.
"They wanted to give young people an alternative for realizing their religious needs not in the woods (a local euphemism for joining insurgents) but at the mosque," said Yekaterina Sokirianskaya, the North Caucasus director of the International Crisis Group (ICG), an independent body that works to prevent conflict.
She credits the softer approach with fewer youths joining insurgent ranks last year and a 15 percent drop from the previous year in the number of insurgency-related deaths.
Today the commission has been dismantled and many of the moderate Salafi leaders have fled abroad.
TIGHTEN CONTROL
In Novosasitli, security forces arrived this month to close two madrassas. Dozens of masked men armed with rifles piled out of trucks, photographing students and taking their fingerprints.
"I can't describe how terrified the girls were, how many tears were shed," said Abdurakhim Magomedov, a Salafi preacher.
Putin's new man in Dagestan, Ramazan Abdulatipov, a former philosophy professor and diplomat, has raised hopes that he will tackle corruption and organized crime in a region where many see religion as an alternative to a dysfunctional state.
Abdulatipov wants to halt Dagestan's "slide into feudalism," where police answer to local strongmen who collude with mafia-like gangs. He has fired ten heads of district administrations.
Story highlights Rapists have parental rights in 31 states
Study: About 32,000 pregnancies result from rape each year
The Rape Survivor Custody Act would encourage states to strip parental rights from rapists
When an Ohio judge denied a request for Cleveland kidnapping suspect Ariel Castro to visit the 6-year-old girl he fathered with one of the women he kidnapped and raped, the reason seemed pretty clear-cut.
"I just think that would be inappropriate," Cuyahoga County Judge Michael Russo said last month.
The idea that Castro -- who will be sentenced Thursday after pleading guilty to 937 counts -- would have any parental rights is hard to believe. But in 31 states, rapists do enjoy the rights of a father.
Ohio currently has no laws that would take away Castro's parental rights for fathering the child with Amanda Berry, who he abducted in 2003 when she was a teenager.
"I was astonished," said Shauna Prewitt, who was raped when she was a senior in college.
Her daughter was six months old when she found out that the man who raped her wanted partial custody.
"How could I possibly entrust my beautiful ... baby to him," she wondered, "but beyond that I didn't know how to spend the next 18 or more years of my life tethered to my attacker."
Legislation introduced
Prewitt, who was raped at the age of 21, is now a custody rights attorney, and is working to enact new federal guidelines that would push states to pass laws to strip rapists of their parental rights to children they fathered through rape.
Legislation introduced last week -- the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act -- would do just that.
The bill would provide incentives for legal initiatives on the state level to help women secure full custody of children conceived through rape.
"Without such a law, woman can endure years of being tormented by an abuser," said Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Florida.
Pregnancies from rape
Each year, there are approximately 32,000 pregnancies resulting from rape, according to a 1996 study by the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
While the majority of those pregnancies were terminated, as many as a third of the women give birth.
Prewitt kept her daughter, in part, because being pregnant helped her get through the pain of being raped.
"Just not feeling so alone, not feeling so dead inside, because I had this life growing inside me and it was a comfort to me," she said.
Not clear-cut
But critics say, most cases aren't so clear-cut.
They also argue that judges currently have enough power to prevent unfit fathers from seeing their children.
"There are lots of solutions that are short of this (bill) and I think a lot of time when things come in this top-down fashion, based on one or two truly tragic stories, we end up making bad law," said attorney Aviva Orenstein.
Prewitt said there are other women like her, who had no idea when they decided to keep their children that their attackers had parental rights.
"If we knew that this possibility loomed on the horizon, that we could spend the rest of lives tethered to our attackers because of our decision to have our children, would we have made the same choice?" Prewitt said, pausing a moment to think.
"I think that's hard to answer."
Excerpt from Bloomberg
At the height of the financial crisis, the Federal Reserve allowed the world's largest banks to turn more than $118 billion in junk bonds, defaulted debt, securities of unknown ratings and stocks into cash.
Collateral of those asset types made up 72 percent of the total $164.3 billion in market-rate securities pledged to the Fed on Sept. 29, 2008, two weeks after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., according to documents released yesterday. The collateral backed $155.7 billion in loans on the largest day of borrowing from the Primary Dealer Credit Facility, which was created in March 2008 to provide loans to brokers as Bear Stearns Cos. collapsed.
The cushion “was far too small for the risk of the underlying collateral,” Pirrong said. “Collateral that's junk or defaulted debt and equities at a time when market volatility was huge is pretty eye opening.”
Morgan Stanley (MS) was the largest borrower on Sept. 29, 2008, totaling $61.3 billion, the data show. The New York-based firm pledged $66.5 billion in collateral, including $21.5 billion in equities, $19.4 billion in unknown rated securities and $6.7 billion in junk or defaulted debt.
Merrill Lynch was next, with a $36.3 billion loan. Its $39.1 billion in collateral included $23.3 billion in equities, $6.3 billion in unknown rated securities and $3 billion in junk or defaulted bonds.
With Budweiser planning to brew beer on Mars, it's perhaps only fitting that KFC is plotting to launch a chicken sandwich into space.
The Zinger, a spicy, crispy breaded-chicken sandwich that debuts in the U.S. on April 24 is already one of the top-selling sandwiches in KFC's international markets.
To promote the Zinger, actor Rob Lowe signed on to be the brand's latest celebrity colonel, following in the footsteps of Billy Zane, Vincent Kartheiser, Rob Riggle and George Hamilton. The revolving door of celebrity colonels has paid off for KFC, helping boost sales and increase interest in the brand among consumers under 35.
In the ad, by Wieden + Kennedy Portland, Lowe as the colonel is dressed in astronaut gear, delivering a rousing if bumbling address to the American public about KFC's space mission, as people around the country look on in wonder and, ultimately, cheer him on.
Lowe actually has firsthand knowledge of the iconic KFC founder. The actor's grandfather, who was head of the Ohio chapter of the National Restaurant Association in the 1960s, took him to meet the real Colonel Harland Sanders as a kid.
“It was a big deal,” Lowe said in a statement. “I thought this would be a nice homage to both Colonel Sanders and to my grandfather.”
KFC plans to reveal the details of its space odyssey later this spring.
“I have no idea how we'll launch a chicken sandwich into space, but the marketing team thinks they can do it,” said Kevin Hochman, KFC's U.S. president and chief concept officer, in a statement.
CREDITS
Agency: W+K Portland
Creative Director: Jason Kreher
Copywriter: Heather Ryder
Art Director: Devin Gillespie
Producer: Jennifer Fiske
Account Team: Jesse Johnson, Kate Rutkowski, Lindsay Varquez
Production Company: Biscuit Filmworks
Director: Andreas Nilsson
Executive Producer: Holly Vega
Line Producer: Jay Veal
Director of Photography: Lasse Frank
Editorial Company: Joint Editorial
Editor: Steve Sprinkel
Post Producer: Jen Milano
Post Executive Producer: Leslie Carthy
VFX Company: Joint Editorial
Lead Flame Artist: Leif Peterson
Flame Artist: Robert Murdock
VFX Set Supervisor: Pilon Lectez
VFX Exec. Producer: Rebekah Koerbel
Titles/Graphics: Woodshop
Music+Sound Company: Joint Editorial
Sound Mixer: Noah Woodburn
Song: APM “Be a Hero”
Mix Company: Joint Editorial
Mixer: Noah Woodburn
Why does Comcast impose data caps on its customers?
According to one spectacularly ill-informed customer service representative, the company does this because it's "mandated by the law."
A Comcast customer who is in one of the trial areas where Comcast charges overage fees when customers exceed data allotments called to cancel his service and received the bizarre explanation. In a reddit post, the now former Comcast customer wrote that he had been charged $120 in overage fees.
"If you don't mind me asking, what is the reason why you would want to disconnect your service?" the agent asked during the call, which the customer uploaded to SoundCloud.
"Your outrageous data usage plan that is completely archaic and unnecessary," he answered. "I am apparently in a trial market for it, it's not everyrwhere, and I've been getting charged for going over my data cap and I'm going to find somewhere where that's not going to happen to me."
"I understand," the customer service agent answered. "But every Internet service provider has [a] data cap. It is mandated by the law."
The customer laughed at this point and said, "No it is not. Believe you me, I've already talked to other Internet companies. They don't have data caps where I live and that's why I'm switching to them. My bill has gone from $50 to $187, and I have already verified with other Internet companies that it would not be the case there."
After being contacted by Ars, Comcast said the customer service representative needs training.
“This representative is wrong," a Comcast statement said. "There is no law requiring ISPs ‘to have data caps' and Comcast discontinued having a cap in May 2012. We are currently conducting trials of a more flexible data usage plan in a small number of markets, and this representative's statements are not consistent with the training and messaging we provide. We will work to retrain this representative and will reach out to the customer to clarify this information.”
Comcast in 2012 ended a policy in which it would cut people's service off after they use 250GB in a month, replacing it with plans that charge customers extra when they go over the limit. Although this is what most people think of as a "data cap," Comcast says it's not a cap, because customers can use as much as they want if they don't mind paying more.
In any case, this is another example of a Comcast customer service representative speaking off the cuff without understanding the issues at hand. Last year, one confused Comcast customer service rep told a subscriber suffering Internet connection problems that Steam, the widely used gaming software, is "probably a virus" or "too heavy." But at least neither one of these agents changed the customer's billing account name to "Asshole."
For the past two weeks, winds have been blowing in an anomalous west-to-east pattern across the Western Pacific. It's the third such pattern since El Nino conditions began to become more prevalent during March of this year. And forecast model response to the most recent westerly wind burst is an overall shift toward predicting a record event. Models are starting to settle on at least a strong El Nino come fall (1.5 degree Celsius anomaly or greater for Nino 3.4) with many ensembles predicting something even more intense than the super El Nino of 1998.
This third, El Nino heightening, westerly wind burst (WWB) coincided with a strong, wet variation of the Madden Julian Oscillation pumping up thunderstorm activity throughout the region. Last week, a consistent 20-35 mph westerly wind pattern had become very well established. Over the past four days, multiple cyclones became embedded within the pattern, which now stretches over 3,000 miles in length, pushing locally stronger winds and reinforcing the already significant wind field.
By today four cyclonic systems, including Typhoon Chan-Hom, had further heightened westerly wind intensity:
(The current strong westerly wind burst is looking more and more like the extreme event of early March of this year. It's the third such event — one that is increasing the likelihood that the 2015 El Nino will be one more for the record books. Image source: Earth Nullschool.)
It's a pattern that in today's map looks very similar to the record event which occurred this Spring. And it's the third significant WWB to initiate since March of this year.
WWBs push warm surface water in the Western Pacific downward and across the ocean (read more about how WWBs affect El Nino severity here). These warm water pulses traverse thousands of miles, finally resurfacing in the Eastern Pacific off South America. The resultant warming of surface waters there and through the mid ocean region tends to set in place ocean temperature and atmospheric patterns that reinforce El Nino — driving more westerly winds and still more warm water displacement eastward.
Three westerly wind bursts firing off since March of 2015 have pushed increasingly strong El Nino conditions. A warming of the Equatorial Pacific that, in combination with a massive and rapidly growing greenhouse gas overburden from human fossil fuel burning, is forcing global temperature readings to hit new record high after new record high.
(CFSv2 Model runs are pointing toward a very powerful anomaly come Fall. Image source: Climate Prediction Center.)
This third strong westerly wind burst appears to have again pushed model forecasts into very extreme ranges for Fall of this year. NOAA's CFSv2 ensembles now predicts a peak sea surface temperature anomaly in the range of 2.5 degrees Celsius above average to 3.1 degrees Celsius above average. An El Nino of this strength would be significantly stronger than the monster event of 1998. One that would occur in a global context that includes an approximate 45 parts per million CO2e worth of heat trapping gas accumulation since that time. One that is now in the range of 1 C warming above 1880s averages (or 1/4th the difference between now and the last ice age, but on the side of hot).
Since we are now well past the spring predictability barrier, these new model runs have a higher potential accuracy. That said, we are still four months out and a number of additional factors would have to come into play to lock in such a powerful event. However, the trend is still for a strong to extraordinarily powerful El Nino. And since such an event is occurring in a record warm atmosphere and ocean environment (due to human-caused climate change), the continued potential for related additional anomalous weather events (drought, flood, wildfires, extreme tropical cyclones in the Pacific, etc) is also high enough to remain a serious concern.
Links:
NOAA's Climate Prediction Center
Earth Nullschool
Strong Influence of Westerly Wind Bursts on El Nino Diversity
Advertisements
by Paul Armentano, NORML Deputy Director
The northeast has historically been a hotbed for marijuana use — with five of the six New England states self-reporting some of the highest percentages of marijuana consumption in the nation. But recently New England has also become a regional leader in marijuana law reform.
Lawmakers in every New England state are now debating marijuana law reform legislation. Here's a closer look at what's happening.
Connecticut: The nutmeg state is the only northeast state besides New Hampshire that has yet to enact some form of marijuana decriminalization or medicalization. But that drought may end this year. Weeks ago, newly elected Democrat Gov. Dan Malloy publicly affirmed his support for legislation that seeks to reduce minor marijuana possession to a noncriminal offense. Malloy endorsed reducing adult marijuana possession penalties from a criminal misdemeanor (punishable by one year in jail and a $1,000 fine) to an infraction, punishable by a nominal fine, no jail time, and no criminal record. Gov. Malloy has also spoken out in favor of legalizing the physician-authorized use of medical marijuana. (Similar legislation was passed by the legislature in 2007, but was vetoed by then-Gov. Jodi Rell.) You can contact your state elected officials in favor of both of these proposals here and here. You can also get involved with Connecticut NORML here.
Maine: Maine voters have twice approved ballot initiatives in recent years addressing the medical use and distribution of medical cannabis. And in 2009, Maine lawmakers increased the amount of marijuana that may be classified as a civil offense from 1.25 ounces to 2.5 ounces (the second highest threshold in the nation). This year state lawmakers have introduced a pair of bills, LD 754 and LD 750, to expand the state's existing marijuana decriminalization law. LD 754 would amend existing law so that the adult possession of over 2.5 ounces but less than 5 ounces is classified as a civil violation. LD 750 would amend existing law so that the cultivation of up to six marijuana plants by an adult is also classified as a civil violation. Both measures have been referred to the Joint Committee Criminal Justice and Public Safety Committee. You can contact your lawmakers in support of these measures here. NORML is also working with state lawmakers regarding the introduction of separate legislation to legalize adult marijuana possession, production, and distribution. You can learn more about this pending legislation here.
Massachusetts: In 2008, a whopping 65 percent of voters in endorsed Question 2 decriminalizing the adult possession of an ounce or less of cannabis to a fine-only civil offense. Now a coalition of state lawmakers are backing House Bill 1371 to legalize and regulate adult marijuana production and sales in Massachusetts. You can watch a 60-minute discussion with the bill's lead sponsor and supporter here. You can contact your state elected officials in support of HB 1371 here, or by visiting the Massachusetts Cannabis Reform Coalition/NORML here. You can learn about a separate state legislative effort to regulate the use of medical marijuana here.
New Hampshire: Lawmakers this week heard testimony in favor of House Bill 442, which legalizes the physician-supervised use of medical marijuana. (Similar legislation passed both the House and the Senate in 2009, but was vetoed by Governor John Lynch.) You can write your lawmakers in favor of HB 442 via NORML's ‘Take Action Center' here, or by contacting NHCompassion.org.
Rhode Island: In coming days, Rhode Island state regulators will become only the third in the nation to begin licensing medical marijuana dispensaries. A coalition of lawmakers is also debating the amending the state's penalties for non-patients. House Bill 5031 amends state law so that the adult possession of up to one ounce of marijuana is reduced from a criminal misdemeanor (punishable by one year in jail and a $500 maximum fine) to a civil offense, punishable by a $150 fine, no jail time, and no criminal record. You can voice your support for HB 5031 by clicking here.
Vermont: Two separate marijuana law reform measures are pending before Vermont lawmakers. Senate Bill 17 proposes expanding the state's medical marijuana law to permit the establishment of two nonprofit medical marijuana dispensaries in the state. You can learn more about this measure here. House Bill 427 amends state law so that the adult possession of up to one ounce of marijuana is reduced from a criminal misdemeanor (punishable by six months in jail and a $500 maximum fine) to a civil offense, punishable by a $150 fine, no jail time, and no criminal record. Passage of the measure, which has been endorsed by Democrat Governor Peter Shumlin, will allow state law enforcement to reallocate an estimated $700,000 annually in criminal justice resources. You can contact your House member in support of HB 427 here.
For up-to-date information on marijuana law reform measures pending in other states, please visit NORML's ‘Take Action Center' here.
Image copyright Activision
A "terror attack" has taken place in Singapore - all part of a controversial web campaign to launch the newest title from the popular Call of Duty video game franchise.
Set in Singapore during the year 2065, Call of Duty: Black Ops III begins with a mission where players must investigate the "mysterious disappearance" of a CIA station.
Ahead of its worldwide release on 6 November, US-based games maker Activision launched a series of tweets, setting up the opening scene for a fictional attack in Singapore.
While the tweets aimed to tease fans and also introduced new characters to the game, many social media users were unimpressed at the way things were playing out on Twitter, saying the scenario was in bad taste.
How Call of Duty's "attack on Singapore" unfolded:
1803: Fictional news network "Current Events Aggregate" sent out a breaking news tweet about "unconfirmed reports" of "an explosion" in Singapore's marina, exciting some gamers on Twitter while confusing others.
1814: "Emergency teams" began to converge on the area.
1821: Another update followed, confirming that the explosion took place at the "Singapore Research Laboratories" facility.
1852: Chaos ensued, causing major traffic jams around the city centre. This led to a "state of emergency" and the Singapore authorities declaring martial law.
1944: Military drones and riot police descended upon Chinatown to control the crowds.
2005: The "Singapore army" released a series of statements on the ground, establishing a "30-mile quarantine zone" and calling for citizens to remain in their homes. "There have been no claims of responsibility from any terror organization," it added in a tweet.
2035: Fictional army commander James Chung, also declared that martial law would "remain in place" until the incident was "firmly understood".
2237: The series of live tweets ended with an official message: "This was a glimpse into the future fiction of #BlackOps3"
Image copyright AP Image caption The popular shooter game has also attracted controversy since its early release
The popular first-person shooter franchise has attracted its fair share of controversy since its release in 2003.
Earlier editions of the game focused on World War Two events while newer titles have been set during more recent times.
Cuban authorities expressed unhappiness over a mission in one of the games, where players could attempt to overthrow and assassinate former leader Fidel Castro.
Another Call of Duty expansion saw players raiding a news agency in Doha, widely speculated to be the offices of Arabic TV network al-Jazeera.
'This was a bad idea'
Image copyright AFP Image caption Some social media users on Twitter were not thrilled with Activision's digital campaign set in Singapore
Singapore's military would not give a comment on its view of the campaign, but thousands of social media have been interacting and engaging with it on Twitter.
"There have been too many similar tragedies lately to joke in the way you did, without making your fiction clear," said a Twitter user in New York.
Other users like Mark Lawson, criticised the stunt. "This Call of Duty stunt is so bad. So irresponsible," he said.
"Faking news that could be devastating for those unaware it's video game marketing. Awful," said Twitter user Tauriq Moosa.
Tech reporter Allegra Frank slammed the tweets in a blog post, saying: "As someone who has a minimum amount of story-based knowledge about Call of Duty, I can't say that the masquerade has taught me much about the game or increased my interest in it.
"Instead, it stands solely as a notable failure in marketing, an attempt to grab some attention by playing to the strengths of social media during actual military action."
Image copyright AP Image caption A movie adaptation of the popular Hitman video game series, was filmed in Singapore
But members of Singapore's devoted gaming community, "enjoyed the preview" in the tweets and began to hit back.
"Video games now are supposed to be realistic. I think it's cool that developers have based scenarios and game play on real life events. Don't stop," said a Twitter user in Japan.
"Because you would be looking at a cyber video game account and thinking breaking news events on it were real," said Twitter user Hasmid in Singapore.
Another user commented: "I feel sorry for anyone who thinks this is real."
Remember the "September blitz"? There were rumors that after the summer break, the big money, Chamber of Commerce establishment Republican interests with their Super PACS were going to cut down Donald Trump with millions of dollars of negative ads. With the exception of one ad buy from the Club for Growth, it didn't happen.
Some of the highest-ranking Republicans in Congress and some of the party's wealthiest and most generous donors have balked at trying to take down Mr. Trump because they fear a public feud with the insult-spewing media figure. That has led to a standoff of sorts: Almost everyone in the party's upper echelons agrees something must be done, and almost no one is willing to do it. Two of the most potent financial networks in Republican politics, that of the hedge fund billionaire Paul Singer and another led by the industrialists Charles G. and David H. Koch, have each had preliminary conversations about beginning an anti-Trump campaign, according to strategists involved. But Mr. Trump has already mocked Mr. Singer and the Kochs, and officials linked to them said they were reluctant to incur more ferocious counterattacks. The sidelines are crowded. The Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson; the U.S. Chamber of Commerce; American Crossroads, the group led by Karl Rove; and Right to Rise, the “ super PAC ” supporting Jeb Bush , have no immediate plans to go after Mr. Trump, officials said.
They're afraid. They are afraid to attack Trump because they know that Trump will attack them, by name, aggressively and repeatedly.
Does this sound familiar to you? It should. For years Republicans have been afraid to confront Obama on any aspect of governance, for fear that Obama will attack them. Now, for the first time, they are showing this same fear of a fellow Republican.
Politicians are afraid to attack Trump because they know their popularity will go down. The Kochs and Mr. Singer don't want the equivalent of millions of dollars of bad publicity that comes from being attacked by Donald Trump. Karl Rover doesn't want to be called "stupid" or the "dumbest of the dumb" or a "real loser" by a man who reaches millions of viewers every day.
So it's fear that keeps them in line. But if Trump is nominated, look for them to be the first to secretly fund Hillary's campaign.
Meanwhile, the GOP publically frets about the cost to their great candidates:
“If he carries this message into the general election in Ohio, we'll hand this election to Hillary Clinton — and then try to salvage the rest of the ticket,” said Matt Borges, chairman of the Republican Party there, where Senator Rob Portman is facing a competitive re-election.
Rob Portman, who gets a F from conservativerveview.com , was the first Republican Senator to come out in favor of homosexual marriage . We can't afford to lose his voice in the Senate Republican caucus.
Pat Brady, the former state Republican chairman in Illinois, where Senator Mark S. Kirk is also locked in a difficult campaign, was even more direct. “If he's our nominee, the repercussions of that in this state would be devastating,” Mr. Brady said.
Senator Kirk also gets an "F" from conservativereview.com . If he is defeated, he could be replaced by a Democrat who also would get an "F" rating.
Isn't it refreshing, for once, that the GOP establishment is afraid of a politician who is espousing some conservative positions, instead of a leftist Democrat?
Thai police now turn to the Interpol to help them locate the whereabout of Red Bull heir, Vorayuth "Boss" Yoovidhya, after the Southern Bangkok Criminal Court issued him arrest warrant last week for hit-and-run and reckless driving causing death.
In addition, they are also asking the Foreign Ministry to scrap his passport.
This was revealed today by the Royal Thai Police's foreign affairs division commander Pol Maj Gen Apichart Suribunya.
He said Thai police will ask Thai Interpol to help in locating his whereabout, and seeking the extradition if he is in the United Kingdom.
However if he could not be found in the UK, then Thailand will ask all Interpol police in 190 countries to locate and make arrest.
He said the arrest warrant has a 10-year life or until 2027.
Asked to comment whether the extradition is affected or not if the suspect has naturalised, he said naturalisation has no impact on the extradition because the crimes were committed before being naturalised.
He said now Thong Lor police must formally ask the prosecutor to coordinate with the country where the suspect escapes to for the extradition to Thailand for trial.
The next step required Thong Lor police to officially ask the Royal Thai Police commissioner to designate the foreign affairs police division to locate his whereabout.
If he is not found in the UK, then Thai Interpol will issue blue notice to Interpol in 190 countries for help.
We've got Marksmen, they do damage from far away, beautiful. We have Enchanters, they help Marksmen do damage and stay alive, great class. Wardens! That's a good one. Wardens sit in front of Marksmen and take damage for them. Then there are Wardens that sometimes use their ultimate abilities to start fights before walking back in front of their Marksmen, those are called **Vanguards**. They used to do damage and sometimes actually threaten Marksmen, so we had to nerf all their damage. They still wouldn't stop trying to fight Marksmen though, so what we did, it was actually pretty cool: we nerfed all their durability and stuck it all on an item that neuters their damage. That way they can't actually get to Marksmen without either dying or voluntarily cutting their own damage down. Brilliant. We have Burst Mages, they used to be a huge problem because they'd occasionally actually kill Marksmen, can you believe that? They cut that shit out when we nerfed all their items and buffed Enchanters though, and now they serve the very important role of softening up the enemy team for the Marksmen to kill. Absolutely essential role, actually. Divers actually had the same problem, they thought they were supposed to actually "dive in" and fight the Marksmen, you wouldn't believe it. We didn't want to take their fun away from them, so we just buffed the hell out of Enchanters and now they know on their own to target mages or even just pretend they are a Warden. Feisty little fellows, but they learn quickly if you show them a firm hand. Catchers...we don't really like them, nasty pieces of work. We managed to trick them into basically playing as shittier Enchanters though, so we're enjoying that. As long as they stand by their Marksmen and peel, we'll leave them alone, and they know that. Battle mages were tricky. We got a lot of complaints about them, and they're diverse enough that it was a serious challenge to squash them as a whole. We ended up having to rework them one at a time, just systematically removing most of the damage from their kits. Combined with the item nerfs and Enchanter buffs, they seem to have gotten the message and focused on softening tanks up for Marksmen. Seriously, I'm starting to wonder why we didn't pump more power into Enchanters sooner, it's worked wonders. Assassin's - don't make me laugh. This game doesn't have any assassin's. Slayers were actually quite easy, we just had to change all their damage to true damage/dps and they went right for those tanks. Worked out great, it happened right when engage-ultimate-Warde...er, sorry, Vanguards...were getting uppity and aggressive. Juggernauts were the same story. Just stack armor pen and %hp on their kits, create black cleaver, and they sit right between Wardens and the enemy team, beating up any Vanguards or Divers that try something other than peeling. It's actually quite sad watching the ones that still haven't figured this out, their feet never touch the ground. Seriously though, we think we have something great going here. It used to be a dangerous, limiting game for Marksmen but a combination of buffs, systematic nerfs to all their threats, and a ton of raw power pumped into Enchanters has worked wonders.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
This is Intel's latest enthusiast level chipset that will be replacing their X58 chipset. Before we start taking a look at this particular board from Gigabyte let's first go over some of the features that this new chipset has to offer.
Right from the start you can tell that this is something special. There are ram slots now on either side of the board that gives you the ability to install up to a whopping 64 gigs of DDR3 memory. This will allow for some really heavy video and graphical rendering power and it will also allow for speeds up to 2400 MHz with overclocking. It also brings a new memory architecture to the table called quad channel. This is supposed to produce better addressing capabilities for the processor. We'll have to see if this is actually the case when we run our benchmarks. One downside to this new layout is that some CPU heat sinks may have clearance issues with taller ram sticks.
Another feature that this new chipset brings is that it supports Intel's new 2011 socket processors. For a full review of these processors I highly recommend that you read the review by our editor Elric Phares to get a better understanding of how amazing these new processors are. These essentially are the new enthusiast line of processors that will be replacing the 990x. We were supplied a 3960x for our review and these processors produced some of the highest scores we've ever seen for a consumer level processor. Before these babies came out you'd have to get a Xeon to get this level of performance. In other words this consumer level processor produces server level performance.
Intel has also incorporated their Platform Controller Hub technology into this new chipset. This isn't an entirely new feature but it does set this chipset apart from the competition. AMD still requires a North Bridge and a South Bridge on their motherboards. Intel is continuing to use a single chip to run communications between the processor and the various interfaces. In this way Intel has been able to reduce the overall heat and power requirements for their motherboards. This new chipset also supports up to 40 PCI express 2.0 lanes for graphical expansion cards as well as an additional 8 lanes for PCI express 3.0. This gives Intel the advantage when it comes to being ready for the next generation of video cards that we hopefully will get to see shortly after the first of the year.
Christi Long, a local transgender activist and drag queen who performs under the name Christi Foxx Paris, was raped and beaten by a longtime friend Sunday morning. Though she survived the brutal attack, her injuries required 12 staples to her head – where she was hit repeatedly with a hammer.
“I really haven't cried yet,” Long told the Chronicle. “Until yesterday, when an acquaintance said online that none of this happened to me. I have a police report and staples in my head. There's still blood in my hair because I can't shower. I couldn't believe it, but I have to do something because trans people think they won't be believed or get treatment [when something like this happens].”
Memorial Day weekend is supposed to be fun: an extra day to kick back, relax, and enjoy the start of summer. That's what Long had planned for her Sunday. Shortly before noon, she and an unnamed friend – someone she'd known “for years” – were hanging out in her Austin home when her friend began pressuring Long for sex. “I said no. No means no. I told him to get off me and shoved him, but he grabbed my head and forced me down.”
Afterward, Long said her abuser refused to leave her house. No matter how loud she yelled, “it didn't faze him, he wasn't scared of me.” But when Long grabbed her cell phone and threatened to expose him, her rapist lunged at her. Long ran to her bathroom, but he followed – “breaking open the door,” she recounted. “It happened so fast – he swung out with the hammer and everything turned off like an old TV.”
Long came to lying on the bathtub. She wasn't sure what happened, but was aware that she was bleeding. Her attacker, before leaving the room, threatened to “smash her head in” if she got up. Long said, “But I realized, if I don't leave I'm going to die. So I just ran.” Dripping blood, she managed to get downstairs, grab a kitchen knife, and escape outside where she slashed her assailant's rear tire. But before she could do anything else she heard him coming and hid as he drove off – the rim of his tire scraping on the pavement.
“I went back inside – he had my phone, the hammer. I freaked out.” Long purposefully set off her security alarm to alert the police – whom, she said, didn't take her as “seriously as I'd have liked,” at least not at first. She was taken to the emergency room, but it wasn't until she called victim services that she learned SAFE – a local organization that helps survivors of sexual assault and domestic violence – is the only place in Austin currently providing sexual assault forensic exams (aside from University of Texas).
A report against her assailant for rape and aggravated assault has been filed with the Austin Police Department, but it's currently unclear whether an arrest has been made or charges filed. Long said she'd missed a call from the detective working her case and has not yet received an update.
Originally, Long (and her friends) were determined to change the aggravated assault charge to attempted murder. But on Wednesday, she told the Chronicle that an APD victim's service counselor explained aggravated assault is easier to prove in court and carries the same sentence. “That brought me a little comfort … but I just can't help feeling that – because I'm trans, I'm less valuable. That me being raped and hit with a hammer is less of a thing. This isn't new to Austin – remember Monica [Loera]? Transwomen need to be treated with dignity and respect.”
A GoFundMe has been set up to help Long cover her “absurd” medical expenses. Elysium will also host a benefit party for Long on Sat., June 24, at 10pm.
A worker carries a bag of onions at a wholesale market in Nashik, Maharashtra. Credit:Kuni Takahashi/Bloomberg News "We have no immediate capacity to bring down onion prices," he said with a slight smile. "The Great Indian Tearjerker," as one local newspaper dubbed the saga, began in August, when the price of onions nationwide inexplicably began to rise. In the weeks that followed, onion prices in the capital and other major cities have at times topped 75 cents a pound, a 278 per cent increase. The reason for this is as multi-layered as the veggie itself. Rajan has suggested that rising consumption may be a factor. Weather - a drought followed by an overlong monsoon season - is also an issue. Other public officials have blamed darker forces, suggesting that traders at the big vegetable markets are fixing prices or that hoarders are keeping the bulbs tucked away in cold storage until the prices rise. (One blogger nicknamed these folks "onionnaires".)
Workers harvest onions near Chandwad, Maharashtra. Credit:Kuni Takahashi/Bloomberg News Delhi's chief minister, Sheila Dikshit, who rose to power during a previous onion crisis, in 1998, has held news conferences in recent days to ask for patience and plead for the black-marketing to stop. "We are trying our best to see that prices come down," Dikshit said. (She later told reporters that she had eaten onions with her bhindi, or okra, for the first time in many weeks, prompting the opposition party to send her a condolence basket of the bulbs.) Indians have grappled with rising inflation for months, with food prices up 18 per cent this year over last - a major contributor to the country's slowing economic growth. Even if the economy rebounds next year, as many analysts predict, high food prices are likely to remain a central campaign issue ahead of parliamentary elections in the spring. Prices of tomatoes and potatoes are rising, as well. Recently, billboards have popped up around New Delhi showing Narendra Modi, the opposition party's prime ministerial candidate, posed before a heap of onions and tomatoes, shaking his fist in indignation at the "waist-breaking inflation".
Some have blamed darker forces, suggesting that traders are fixing prices or that hoarders - ''onionnaires'' - are keeping the bulbs tucked away. "We will change India!" the poster declares. In the meantime, many of India's poor and even middle-class citizens have been forced to cut down on onions or stop eating them altogether, which has been a tough change for some. In farming communities in the northern states of Haryana and Punjab, many of the field workers come to work with nothing more than a roti (Indian bread), a raw onion and a green chilli pepper. That's lunch. Narendar Singh, 47, a petrol station employee, said he has not been able to buy fruit for his family of five for four months and has cut down on vegetables, buying the cheapest gourds and chickpeas available. "We cannot afford to buy onions to spice up the meal, either," he said. "Instead of tomatoes, we now use tamarind pulp to sour the curry."
His dream, he said, is to educate his three children so they can afford fresh fruit and vegetables - and motor scooters. Indian officials say they expect onion prices to drop in the coming weeks because of increased imports and other measures. One recent morning in Delhi's vegetable market, as a cool November rain began to fall, a group of onion farmers who sell to wholesalers said they had bought about half as many sacks of onions this year as they did last year because the extended monsoon had spoiled their crop. Even now, they were nervously monitoring the weather back home in the eastern state of Rajasthan via their mobile phones; it was raining again, they said, and if it didn't stop, the rest of the onions would rot in the field. They said that they would get a fair price for their wares but that they were not to blame for the rising prices, pointing the finger at the middlemen and wholesalers. "They buy it from us for 30 rupees and sell it for 100 rupees. What can we do about it?" lamented Nizamuddin Khan, 30, one of the farmers.
He said onions had been unfairly singled out in the country's ongoing debate about rising food prices. "Everybody's talking about onions - why can't they talk about tomatoes and potatoes?" Khan said. "Their prices are also touching the sky. Onions have become a political issue." Washington Post
A statement by Copenhagen police said the four had been arrested on Thursday at different addresses in the region of the Danish capital.
All four were suspected of breaking Denmark's terrorism law while in Syria, police said, without giving further information on their identities.
"The suspects have been identified through investigations carried out in close cooperation between the Danish Security and Intelligence Service and Copenhagen police," the statement said.
At one address that was searched on Thursday, police said they had found weapons and ammunition. Police later said on Twitter that a person living at that address had links to one of Copenhagen's criminal gangs.
"The arrests took place as part of the effort against people letting themselves be recruited to terror groups in the war-torn areas in Syria and northern Iraq," police said.
Under Danish terror laws, "letting oneself be recruited to commit acts (of terrorism)" can result in a prison sentence of up to six years.
Prosecutors seek secret hearing
A preliminary hearing is scheduled to be held on Friday. Police said the prosecution would request that the hearing be held behind closed doors, meaning that details revealed there would be barred from publication. Police spokesman Poul Kjeldsen said he could not exclude the possibility of more arrests as the investigation continues.
Kjeldsen said the four had been identified through "close cooperation" between police and the Danish intelligence service. Justice Minister Soren Pind said "it was too early to say" what the suspects might have been planning.
Data shows that 125 people left Denmark to fight in Syria or Iraq, of whom 62 have returned. A Danish-Palestinian gunman killed a filmmaker and Jewish security guard in February last year. He is believed to have been inspired by January's deadly attack on the offices of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Europe as a whole is on alert after the Paris attacks in November and last month's bombings in Brussels, both of which were carried out by homegrown attackers who were trained by IS. Some 4,000 Europeans have traveled to Syria or Iraq to join up as foreign fighters for extremist groups, according to a study from International Center for Counterterrorism in The Hague. Of those, just under a third have returned to their home countries.
Party Seats BJP Bhabhar, Bareja, Savli, Vadali, Bayad, Pethapur, Gandevi, Kanajari, Shahera, Valbhipur, Barvala, Umargam, Mandvi (south Gujarat), Patdi, Tarasadi
Congress Jam Raval, Maliya Miyana, Babra, Amod, Talala, Sikka, Sojitra, Chotila
Others
1. Damnagar – NCP
2. Kathlal – SP
3. Thasra – Independents
Tie Sutrapada – BJP and Congress (12 seats each)
AHMEDABAD: The BJP in Gujarat has won 15 out of the 27 municipalities while Congress has won eight in the latest round of local body elections.One municipality each was won by NCP and Samajwadi Party, while the verdict is hung in two others.There was around 75 per cent voter turnout for the elections for 660 seats held last Sunday, with 1,641 candidates in the fray.Bareja municipality in Ahmedabad district had clocked the highest 82 per cent voter turnout while Maliya-Miyana municipality in Morbi district registered the lowest 62 per cent turnout.State BJP spokesperson I K Jadeja said, "Today's results will shatter Congress's dream of winning the 2017 Assembly polls. Congress has failed to open its account in many municipalities, like Bhabhar, Damnagar, Savli and Padra, where they have got zero seats."Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi said his party had improved its performance.Earlier, elections were held last November for 56 municipalities, six municipal corporations, 31 district panchayats and 230 taluka panchayats. BJP had fared badly in district and taluka panchayat elections then but captured power in the majority of urban centres.
In a blow to American hopes of reaching an international deal to fight global warming, India's new environment minister said Wednesday that his country would not offer a plan to cut its greenhouse gas emissions ahead of a climate summit next year in Paris.
The minister, Prakash Javadekar, said in an interview that his government's first priority was to alleviate poverty and improve the nation's economy, which he said would necessarily involve an increase in emissions through new coal-powered electricity and transportation. He placed responsibility for what scientists call a coming climate crisis on the United States, the world's largest historic greenhouse gas polluter, and dismissed the idea that India would make cuts to carbon emissions.
“What cuts?” Mr. Javadekar said. “That's for more developed countries. The moral principle of historic responsibility cannot be washed away.” Mr. Javadekar was referring to an argument frequently made by developing economies — that developed economies, chiefly the United States, which spent the last century building their economies while pumping warming emissions into the atmosphere — bear the greatest responsibility for cutting pollution.
Mr. Javadekar said that government agencies in New Delhi were preparing plans for India's domestic actions on climate change, but he said they would lead only to a lower rate of increase in carbon emissions. It would be at least 30 years, he said, before India would likely see a downturn.
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Ceres is the closest dwarf planet to the Sun and is located in the asteroid belt , between Mars and Jupiter, making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system . Ceres is the smallest of the bodies current classified as dwarf planets with a diameter of 950km.
Similar Facts
Pictures of Ceres Ceres will be the first dwarf planet seen up close when NASA's Dawn spacecraft arrives on March 6th 2015. For now it has taken photos for...
Dawn Mission & Spacecraft Facts NASA's Dawn spacecraft is on a mission to explore the two largest objects in the asteroid belt the asteroid Vesta and the dwarf planet...
Asteroid Belt Facts Facts Asteroids What is the asteroid belt? The vast majority of asteroids in the solar system are found in a region of the solar...
If climate change, nuclear weapons or Donald Trump don't kill us first, there's always artificial intelligence just waiting in the wings. It's been a long time worry that when AI gains a certain level of autonomy it will see no use for humans or even perceive them as a threat. A new study by Google's DeepMind lab may or may not ease those fears.
Advertisement
The researchers at DeepMind have been working with two games to test whether neural networks are more likely to understand motivations to compete or cooperate. They hope that this research could lead to AI being better at working with other AI in situations that contain imperfect information.
In the first game, two AI agents (red and blue) were tasked with gathering the most apples (green) in a rudimentary 2D graphical environment. Each agent had the option of “tagging” the other with a laser blast that would temporarily remove them from the game.
The game was run thousands of times and the researchers found that red and blue were willing to just gather apples when they were abundant. But as the little green dots became more scarce, the dueling agents were more likely to light each other up with some ray gun blasts to get ahead. This video doesn't really teach us much but it's cool to look at:
Using a smaller network, the researchers found a greater likelihood for co-existence. But with a larger, more complex network, the AI was quicker to start sabotaging the other player and horde the apples for itself.
Advertisement
In the second, more optimistic, game called Wolfpack the agents were tasked to play “wolves” attempting to capture “prey.” Greater rewards were offered when the wolves were in close proximity during a successful capture. This incentivised the agents to work together rather than heading off to the other side of the screen to pull a lone wolf attack against the prey. The larger network was much quicker to understand that in this situation cooperation was the optimal way to complete the task.
While all of that might seem obvious, this is vital research for the future of AI. More and more complex scenarios will be needed to understand how neural networks learn based on incentives as well as how they react when they're missing information.
Advertisement
The most practical short-term application of the research is to “be able to better understand and control complex multi-agent systems such as the economy, traffic systems, or the ecological health of our planet - all of which depend on our continued cooperation.”
For now, DeepMind's research is focused on games with strict rules like the ones above and Go, a strategy game which it famously beat the world's top champion. But it has recently partnered up with Blizzard in order to start learning Starcraft II, a more complex game in which reading an opponent's motivations can be quite tricky. Joel Leibo, the lead author of the paper tells Bloomberg, “Going forward it would be interesting to equip agents with the ability to reason about other agent's beliefs and goals.”
Let's just be glad the DeepMind team is taking things very slowly— methodically learning what does and does not motivate AI to start blasting everyone around it.
Advertisement
[DeepMind Blog via Bloomberg]
Avalanche defenseman Erik Johnson took a shot off the foot in Wednesday's practice, required help getting off the ice and did not return. Coach Patrick Roy said Johnson left the building to be evaluated by the team doctor.
Johnson is averaging 20:55 of ice time for the 8-1 Avs and enjoying what has been his best stint with the club.
“We'll know more, obviously, this afternoon but I would be very surprised if it's something major,” Roy said of Johnson's injury.
Meanwhile, the Avs returned to the ice after improving to 5-0 on the road following victories at Buffalo and Pittsburgh. They had Tuesday off after beating the potent Penguins 1-0 on Monday. All 23 players practiced in a high-tempo atmosphere. They will again practice Thursday and prepare for a two-game homestand that begins Friday against the Carolina Hurricanes.
Colorado plays its third Central Division contest Sunday against the Winnipeg Jets at the Pepsi Center.
The Avs' power-play units remain the same, with Andre Benoit and Alex Tanguay playing the points on one group, with regular linemates Matt Duchene, Ryan O'Reilly and Steve Downie down low. Johnson and P.A. Parenteau are co-quarterbacking the other unit, with Paul Stastny, Gabe Landeskog and rookie Nathan MacKinnon.
Mike Chambers: mchambers@denverpost.com or twitter.com/mikechambers
Not interested in waiting until the 23rd for Verizon's big announcement? Don't worry, we've got you covered right now! The Motorola Droid X has probably been one of the worst kept smartphone secrets in recent memory, but after spending two hours with the phone we sort of see why. In short, it's pretty awesome. Call it a superphone or a mega-smartphone, but the 4.3-inch handset is absolutely Verizon / Motorola's answer to the HTC EVO 4G , and makes the Droid Incredible look like a bench warmer. What do we mean? We'll let you see for yourself just after the break in a breakdown of exactly what this phone is all about -- and in a video or three of it in action. Oh, and on your way down, make sure to feast your eyes on the gallery, too.
by Jeffrey O. Gustafson
Thursday at New York Comic Con, BOOM! Studios held their panel, “Editing Comics: The BOOM! Studios Way.” Attending were creators Mike Kunkel (cartoonist, Hero Bear and the Kid), Michael Alan Nelson (writer, Valen the Outcast, Day Men), Eric Esquivel (writer, Freelancers), Caleb Monroe (writer, Steed and Peele, Peanuts), and Grace Randolph (writer, Superbia), and editors Dafna Pleban and Rebecca Taylor (who moderated the discussion). It was a lively and freewheeling discussion that covered the process of making mainstream comics, the challenges of dealing with licensed and creator-owned material, the relationship between creators, editors, licensors, and retailers, and much more.
Pleban began by going over the nuts-and-bolts of the average life cycle of a book at BOOM!, from the pitch, to assignments, to approving the script, art, and on through production. She stressed the need for consistency and the proper role of the editor in the creative process, noting “when we finally get to scripting, we [the editors] don't waste the writer's time, making them do draft after draft, because one of our key jobs is to keep all our freelancers and contributors excited. Putting someone through a thousand notes or a thousand drafts will break anyone's spirit. Including the editors.” After going through the publishing process, she notes the importance of the direct market retailer: “Retailers are our lifeline. If we don't keep our promises to the retailers, why would they trust us on the next issue?”
Before getting into the philosophy and practice of editing, Taylor asked the panelists what distinguished BOOM! as a company. Kunkel, noted the sense of support creators receive from editorial, with editors playing the same role as producers on a movie, facilitating the creator's vision within the confines of producing timely, quality material. Nelson agreed, “What makes BOOM! unique its sense of devotion to the creator's vision all the while making the book the best book that it can possibly be. BOOM! is known for the quality of its storytelling, and that's not easy.” Esquevel noted the unseen but vital role editors play. “They don't have the sexy job of being the front-man, of being the creator,” but when they succeed, they make everyone else shine.
Monroe noted the amount of support and trust editorial at BOOM! has in creators, and the thoughtfulness they put into every project. “They spend a lot of time considering who they want to work on a book. It's not plug-and-play.” Pleban reinforced the importance of trust. “We're here to grease the wheels, not to get in anyone's way… We'll offer suggestions, if we think something's a bad idea, we might push back a little. But we didn't hire you because we disagreed with you. [Interference] is not fun for anyone. The moment the process stops being fun, you get bad comics. It's that simple.” She added, “as editors, we have to not be didactic, we're not writers, we're editors. We don't want to write the book for you.” Randolph: “Make sure you don't have an editor who wants your job. That's a book not worth doing.”
When working on books, Taylor wants creators to be able to be pliable enough to accept notes but to not roll over and give in to every suggestion. Randolph also doesn't want a yes-man or yes-woman from editors, “that's not going to help you.” Pleban stressed that editorial is coming from a place of goodwill and making quality work, and that it is never personal. Taylor asked about fostering trust between creative and editorial, and Monroe noted the difference in the company culture at BOOM! where he feels he's working with friends and that makes a huge difference in the relationship and subsequent work.
When discussing the differences between creator-owned and licensed properties, Randolph noted that with creator-owned books the buck stops with the creator, where with licensed books there are many levels of approval. Pleban, who professed her love for fandom, says she loves working on franchise comics. “Franchise isn't scary to me. I love the problem of trying to tell a story with restrictions. It's fun… We're genuine fans of our franchises, we're genuine fans of Adventure Time and Planet of the Apes.” (Esquivel calls the fun of playing with licensed books the “nerd olympics.”) At the same time, she enjoys guiding creator-owned work, “I love being able to help a creator realize their vision. I get to sit down and talk with a writer about a book that doesn't yet exist.” Monroe pointed out the importance of BOOM! as a buffer between the creator and the licensor, and the importance of keeping the licensor on schedule as well as the creators. Monroe also appreciates the amount of experimentation BOOM! allows with their licensed books, and the necessity for telling the story with the same passion as your creator-owned material. Nelson pointed out that once you can have a track record of quality storytelling, the licensor puts more trust in the creator's vision.
Taylor opened up the floor to questions, and Pleban was asked about editing artists. “You don't want to give the note after the page is done. I'm not going to give a thousand notes after they've already finished the page, because I'm not an asshole. If you have to give a thousand notes on an artist, you chose the wrong artist.” The editors create steps along the way of production to eliminate any problems before they arise, and to let the artists do their job. She pointed out the importance of clarity in scripting, like simple directions like whether or not a scene is set in the day or night, so as not to force corrections on the colorists. Randolph appreciates that BOOM! found the artist for her creator-owned book, and the nature of collaboration between the artist, editor, and writer. Monroe noted the importance of catering scripts to the artist's unique sensibilities.
When asked about how to initiate relationships with editors, Nelson said “buy them a drink.” Build a casual relationship with the editor and get to know them without being forceful. Esquivel said “show the editors you can do the work.” Producing consistent, finished material on a regular schedule – as Randolph pointed out, much easier today with the relative simplicity of self-publishing – will do more to get you in the door that anything else. (This is advice that I have always seen editors and creators always give about breaking in, and my own experience dealing with creators at every level of the spectrum confirms that basic truism: if you build it, they will come.) As for becoming an editor, there is no school, no set way of breaking in, and the editors had their own individual paths that has the common element of working their way up from the bottom and having genuine passion for the material. Pleban: “The nice thing about this industry is that it's pretty porous.” Taylor noted that BOOM! Editor-In-Chief Ross Ritchie broke in by editing an anthology for fun that got him noticed.
Finally, I asked the panel about the recent nightmare stories of editorial interference and subsequent creative exodus at DC: “…Obviously you can't speak to how other companies do their business, but as editors how do you respond to these stories, and as creators, how do you respond to last-second changes and interference?” Randolph adamantly said, “I have tremendous respect for the difficult decision it was for those creators to quit. It's so tragic because they had their dream job and it turned into a nightmare, as you said. But at the end of the day, all you have is your reputation. Your name is on that work. It was very brave of them to quit.” Esquivel noted that he has never had anything like that happen to him at BOOM! and brought up Paul Jenkins' recent statements about editorial interference elsewhere and why Jenkins decided to work with BOOM!. Pleban was sympathetic to the possible difficulties the editors are dealing with, noting that “it probably sucks all around, and I just feel bad.” Nelson noted that if you “no longer feel like your name on the book represents something that you've done, then you need to walk away, but that line is different for everyone.”
Heidi MacDonald is the founder and editor-in-chief of The Beat. In the past, she worked for Disney, DC Comics, Fox and Publishers Weekly. She can be heard regularly on the More To Come Podcast. She likes coffee, cats and noble struggle.
Like this: Like Loading...
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter, BBC News
John Bardeen (left), William Shockley (seated) and Walter Brattain (right)
The period of work by John Bardeen and Walter Brattain, working under William Shockley, would become known as the "miracle month" and resulted in the world's first working transistor.
"They demonstrated something that became the basic mechanism for our entire electronic industry," said Dr Art Ramirez of Bell Labs, the location of the 1947 invention.
"They're in aircraft, automobiles, digital cameras and microwave ovens," said Jeff Katz, a guide at the Computer History Museum in Silicon Valley.
"In every house there is somewhere in the region of 50 to 100 million transistors, and that's probably a conservative estimate," he said. "If you start including computers and digital cameras you are probably approaching one trillion."
Computing age
Transistors are used to control the flow of electricity in a circuit.
The flow between two terminals - the source and the drain - is controlled by applying a current or voltage to the third terminal - the gate.
The first transistor consisted of plastic wrapped in gold foil
Enlarge Image
"It's very much like a water faucet. The gate is the handle and the faucet controls the flow of electrons between the source and the drain," said Dr Ramirez.
The tiny devices have two key properties which make them attractive to electronics engineers: they can amplify a signal and they can act like a switch.
This ability to boost a signal makes them attractive to the communications and broadcast industry whilst their capability to turn on and off quickly has made them the component of choice for computation.
Their development came from a world recovering from the Second World War.
"During the war there was a lot of electronics work going on for communications and computation mainly for military purposes," said Mr Katz.
For example, in December 1943, the British built Colossus - the first electronic computer - to break messages passed by the German high command.
"This culminated in the invention of the ENIAC computer," said Mr Katz.
TRANSISTOR HIGHLIGHTS 1947: Transistor invented 1952: First - commercial application - hearing aid 1954: First mass-market device - transistor radio 1956: First transistor computer
The ENIAC was installed at the University of Pennsylvania in 1946 and was the first large-scale programmable digital computer.
Like Colossus, instead of transistors it used vacuum tubes, also known as thermionic valves, which were delicate structures that looked similar to light bulbs.
"It filled a room, the power consumption was huge, it had nearly 18,000 tubes but it had very, very limited functionality," said George Scalise president of the Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA).
"There was no way of scaling up the computer without finding some way to make the devices that allowed it to function lower cost, lower power, smaller and more reliable."
Crude device
As a result scientists across the world began to look for an alternative.
One of the leading groups was based at the Bell Telephone Laboratories in New Jersey.
The Sonotone 1010 was the first transistorised product
There, a theoretician known as William Shockley led the solid state physics group, which included other scientists such as John Bardeen and Walter Brattain.
After hiring Bardeen, Shockley set him off on a project to understand the interaction of electrons on the surfaces of semiconductors, but personal differences meant the new recruit soon went his own way.
"Bardeen really didn't get along with Shockley so he started working with Brattain who was an experimentalist," said Dr Ramirez.
Over 18 months the pair went about investigating these "surface states" using various experimental set-ups.
"It was a series of experiments that led to a deeper understanding of how to build a device that actually switched," he said.
The work led to their miracle month and culminated with them showing off the first working transistor two days before Christmas in 1947.
The half-inch (1.25cm) device, made from germanium with two gold contacts held in place by a plastic wedge, bore little resemblance to the tiny precise switches produced today.
"I have seen a replica been made of the first transistor in the same way as it was made and it's remarkably crude," said Mr Katz.
However, it was enough to convince the hierarchy of Bell Labs and after filing patents it was announced to the public on 1 July 1948
"This was announced to fantastic fanfare," said Dr Ramirez. "Reading about it reminds me of the way that Steve Jobs rolls out the iPod."
Silicon block
Over the next few years, Shockley modified the design of the transistor into a device closer to the design used today.
"He made such a key contribution that he was a co-recipient of the Nobel Prize [for Physics] in 1956," said Dr Ramirez.
With the invention of the transistor many new applications become possible, including the first transistor-based hearing aid, made by Sonotone This was followed by the first mass market device - the transistor radio.
"They were about the size of a paperback book today but the replaced something that was about the size of a bread toaster," said Mr Katz.
They were also used for military equipment, televisions and in communications networks.
Initially, transistors were built separately and then wired together to make circuits.
But in 1958, Jack Kilby, a scientist at Texas Instruments, invented the integrated circuit, a circuit where all of the components were built onto a single block of material, commonly silicon.
The transistor had found its natural home and its development has continued ever since.
Elements that used to be measured in millimetres and even centimetres in the first device are now measured in nanometres (billionths of a metre).
Intel's next generation of chip, for example will pack more than four hundred million transistors into an area the size of a postage stamp.
The silicon industry is now worth almost $300bn a year and plays a key role in almost every area of life from computing and health care to entertainment and global communications.
"Nothing else could have transformed the world to the extent that this has," said Mr Scalise.
Just recently, Ethiopia woke up to one of the worst internet outages in history. But was it an outage, or a purposeful censorship intent?
On May 30, 2017, Ethiopians woke up to a blocked internet. They could not connect nationwide to any website. Since 2015, Ethiopia has seen three internet outages with social media websites blocked. This time Ethiopians aren't surprised, but they are outraged.
The country-wide blackout has left numerous businesses, universities and banks as well as government media branches cut off from the rest of the world making accessing the internet impossible. Government officials have claimed that the shutdown is part of an effort to prevent students cheating on exams. Last year around the same time, Exam answers were leaked on Facebook which caused exam postponements for two weeks and a shutdown of various social media websites.
However, this time, the shutdown is much larger in scope since it has effectively blocked the entire internet for all of Ethiopia. Additionally, critics surmise that the real reasons for the internet outage is because of country-wide protests. Ethiopia has resided in a “state of emergency” that has allowed the government to perform mass arrests and the use of violence to break up mass protests caused by the conflict between the ruling party and the dominant opposition groups in the Oromo region.
It was only in the last few weeks that more Ethiopian activists were given long term prison sentences for posts expressing solidarity with anti-government protesters.
These incidences in Ethiopia demonstrate how human rights violations, violent protests, and governmental instability often create internet censorship.
TorGuard VPN is one of the best VPNs to use in Ethiopia due to our large and constantly expanding server network with AES-256 encryption, and Stealth VPN options which camoflauge VPN use.
Sort by: Sort by Featured Items The Newest Items Bestselling Alphabetical: A to Z Alphabetical: Z to A Avg. Customer Review Price: Low to High Price: High to Low
ALL PROTOS COME DIRECTLY FROM FUNKO
Protos can have imperfections. All proto & raritiy sales are final - no cancellations or returns for any reason. All items in this category are sold as is. No e-check payments accepted for products in this category.
Proto inventory is extremely limited and there is a possibility that an item could oversell on our website. If this happens, we will fulfill orders based on time of payment until orders are complete. When inventory runs out, all incomplete orders will be fully refunded.
BOXED ITEMS: We do our best to handpick quality items, however you might not receive a perfect box or paint job. There may be shelf-wear, creases, or slight imperfections. Unfortunately, we will not be able to exchange items due to imperfections. Any cancelled orders (pre-ordered or in-stock items) will incur a 15% cancellation fee. Clearance items are sold as is and are not returnable. Boxes and or paints may not be perfect. No exceptions for any reason. Items cannot be added to previous orders.
By placing an order on our website, you understand and accept these policies
Approximately 700 Jews and Arabs held hands in a chain in the central Galilee to call for reconciliation amidst a wave of violence throughout Israel over the past few weeks.
The symbolic gathering on Friday afternoon was organized by Givat Haviva, an educational organization that promotes Arab-Jewish coexistence.
The group of Arabs and Jews assembled and held hands on both sides of Route 65, near the Megiddo Junction in Wadi Ara, an area in the Galilee with a large Arab population.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Organizers called the event “a symbol of coexistence and shared life, specifically at this tense period.”
After the event, entitled “Choosing to Engage,” Givat Haviva held a small ceremony with discussions.
Givat Haviva issued a declaration before the event titled “Call for a Secure and Shared Life in Israel” that condemned “any attack on body, soul or property, as well as any expression of physical or verbal abuse.”
“We appeal to the leaders of both peoples to refrain from incitement and the ferment of emotions,” the statement read. “Our task at this time is to inspire calm and ensure public safety.”
The declaration was signed by seven mayors of Jewish and Arab municipalities in the Wadi Ara area.
A joint Jewish-Arab demonstration against violence was set to take place in Jerusalem Saturday evening.
“Arabs and Jews want to live in security,” organizers wrote on Facebook. “Real security, without occupation and without killing. We know that only with a just solution to the conflict will we be able to stop the killing and the hatred, to build a different reality. A reality of security.”
But as opposed to the advent of the more egalitarian Reform and Conservative strains popular with American Jews, Mr. Haroeh said, “We were always like that.”
The number of Karaite Jews in Israel is hard to gauge because no census has been held. The Karaites say it is forbidden to count Jews, citing a verse from Genesis 32: “I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.”
Generally, though, the community is estimated at 30,000 to 50,000, out of Israel's population of eight million. There are also smaller communities in the United States, Turkey and Europe. Most came to Israel from Egypt in three waves starting in 1948, when the state was founded, and 1970. Many live in Ramla or the Mediterranean port city of Ashdod. Others are in smaller concentrations around the country.
The community is undergoing a revival. Dozens of Karaite children attended a summer camp here in August. Eli Eltachan, the deputy chairman of the community and a manager at Ericsson, said that the young, educated professionals now in leadership roles had brought “a new spirit.”
Shoshanna Eliahu, from the town of Rehovot, was attending the Elul feast. She was born in 1956 as her parents made their way from Egypt to Israel. Her son, Elior, 18, with a diamond stud in his ear, had come for a blessing from the rabbi because he was soon to be drafted into the military.
The deputy rabbi of Ramla, Maor Dabbah, 25, gave a sermon on the importance of happiness. Sporting a fashionable buzz cut, he urged people to buy a newly published illustrated collection of songs and blessings for the family, which includes a disc by the Karaite choir.
But amid this new energy, some rabbis have questioned the Jewishness of the Karaites.
In Karaite Judaism there is no Hanukkah, because that festival is not mentioned in the Bible. The Hebrew months go strictly according to the lunar cycle and cannot be altered, as in rabbinical Judaism, for the sake of convenience. Karaite dietary laws differ from those of the mainstream, and while the matriarchal line of descent usually determines who is a Jew, the Karaite line is patriarchal. “It is written in the Torah that Abraham begat Isaac,” said Ovadiah Murad, the rabbi of the ancient Karaite synagogue in the Old City of Jerusalem.
Symptomatic by Andy Gainey of Experilous
A pathogen has invaded our patient's skin! Just beneath the surface, it travels along pathways through the cells, producing itchy symptoms as it migrates. We must uncover the arrangement of this tangled mess, and apply an antigen to the skin just as the pathogen arrives.
How to Play
New! A video tutorial is now available. Or read below for the original (and hasty) instructions.
Similar to Minesweeper, Symptomatic involves hidden information that is only indirectly revealed. Within each cell are three segments of pathways, each one connecting one of the six edges of the cell to another of the six edges. These pathways (which wrap around on each edge of the game board) look something like this:
At the beginning of the game (for normal/hard difficulty), no information is known about these pathways. What is revealed is the location and movement direction of the pathogen is provided.
Additionally, the pathogen generates symptoms that are also visible. These symptoms start from the pathogen's current cell and travel outward in all six directions from that cell, following the pathways a fixed number of steps. This distance is indicated on the panel to the left of the game board as "Symptom Radius".
The direction shown for both the pathogen and its symptoms indicate when cell the object would move to next, if it were to travel one more step. But symptoms don't actually move. Instead, each turn they vanish and new symptoms appear around the pathogen's new position, providing new information about the underlying pathways.
When you think that you have an idea of how these underlying pathways are laid out, you can draw that path on the game board. To do so, just click and hold on an initial cell, and then drag the cursor through two or more additional cells. Once you release the mouse button, the new pathways will be added to the board. (Note that the first and last cell will not be included in this path, so you'll need to include at least three cells in your path.) You can also single click in a cell to erase the guesses in that cell, or redraw a new guess over past guesses.
So the trick is to predict where the pathogen will move to next, and apply an antigen at that cell. To do this, just double-click on the cell to which you think the pathogen will move next. It always moves the same distance, indicated on the left as "Pathogen Speed", but the windy paths can make the final location hard to guess. To assist with this, the game will automatically use your previous guesses to generate an estimated path and target, if you have provided enough guesses.
If you guess correctly, the pathogen will take a point of damage, and it's remaining life (shown both on the left panel and within the pathogen itself) will be updated. Once the pathogen has lost all of its life, you'll win, and all the actual pathways will be revealed, layered over your guesses. The blue segments are pathways that you guessed correctly, while the red segments are incorrect guesses. Segments where you hadn't made any guess are simply white.
That should be all you need to know. So pick a difficulty at the top left, and start injecting that antigen!
Attorney General Bob Ferguson joined a “friend of the court” brief Monday opposing a lawsuit that threatens health care coverage gains under the Affordable Care Act.
In a case before the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, plaintiffs are arguing that the act doesn't allow the federal government to provide tax credits to people buying health insurance in states participating in the federal insurance exchange established by the act.
The tax credits are crucial for low- and middle-income people to purchase affordable health insurance, Ferguson said.
“This lawsuit threatens access to affordable health insurance in every state, not just those using the federal exchange,” he said. “With an adverse judgment, health coverage for thousands of Washington residents would be in jeopardy.”
If the plaintiffs in Halbig v. Burwell are successful, key provisions of the act could be made unworkable, throwing the future of the act into question, Ferguson said.
Washington created its own exchange, but joined this amicus brief to protect its residents' access to affordable health insurance, he said.
Attorneys general from 18 states have signed onto brief. They are: Washington, Virginia, Arkansas, California, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Mississippi, New Hampshire, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Pennsylvania and Vermont.
For more information for boomer consumers, see my blog The Survive and Thrive Boomer Guide.
A man's decision to fly a plane over his friend's house has resulted in a criminal charge.
York Regional Police say a man rented a plane and proceeded to buzz several neighbourhoods in Richmond Hill on Sunday evening.
Police started getting calls about a plane that was reportedly seen "climbing into the sky, stalling and falling back to low altitudes."
Local resident Jeff Smith had guests over for a dinner party when the plane flew overhead.
It looked like the plane was in trouble.
"It's scary because we thought he was going to crash," Smith told CBC News in an interview.
Attempts to make radio contact with the pilot failed and it was then presumed that the plane was experiencing mechanical trouble.
Police began clearing local roads, so the plane would be able to make an emergency landing.
But the plane landed safely at the airport, where police caught up with the pilot when he landed at Markham Airport, at Highway 48 and Elgin Mills Road.
A 26-year-old Richmond Hill man now faces a charge of dangerous operation of an aircraft.
Police in Palm Bay have arrested a woman who they say broke into an elderly man's home and stole packages of sausage.The homeowner's security system captured two people, one of whom police say is Terri Lynn Johnson, breaking into the home.Vietnam veteran Mario Hall said he slept through the entire thing, but awoke to find that a door had been left open and food was missing.Johnson faces a charge of occupied residential burglary.
Police in Palm Bay have arrested a woman who they say broke into an elderly man's home and stole packages of sausage.
The homeowner's security system captured two people, one of whom police say is Terri Lynn Johnson, breaking into the home.
Advertisement Related Content Thief breaks into home, walks away with sausage
Vietnam veteran Mario Hall said he slept through the entire thing, but awoke to find that a door had been left open and food was missing.
Johnson faces a charge of occupied residential burglary.
AlertMe
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella was in San Francisco today to talk about data and Microsoft's data platform. Nadella repeatedly spoke of Microsoft's "data culture"—using data and analytics to enable employees to get the information they need to understand their work, answer questions, and make decisions. At the event, he celebrated the recent launch of SQL Server 2014 and announced a pair of other products: a preview of Azure Intelligent Systems Service and general availability of Analytics Platform System.
SQL Server 2014 has been available to developers and others for a few weeks. Its headline feature is broad support for in-memory databases with an engine previously codenamed "Hekaton." As one would expect, in-memory databases are substantially faster than ones stored on-disk. The in-memory database engine is limited in terms of the programmatic features it offers, but when it can be used, it can make operations 10 to 30 times faster.
Microsoft said that SQL Server 2014 has been developed in a different way from prior versions of the database server. It was described as "born in the cloud," developed for Azure and the cloud first. It includes a range of Azure-related features, too, such as backups to Azure.
Analytics Platform System combines SQL Server 2012 Parallel Data Warehouse with HDInsight, Microsoft's Hadoop-powered Map-Reduce system. APS will be sold as appliances, combining hardware (from Dell, HP, or Quanta) with the relevant software. APS is meant to provide a one-stop shop for "Big Data" needs, allowing organizations to combine both structured, relational data, and semi-structured Hadoop data with querying that spans both.
Azure Intelligent Systems Service is a cloud service that's designed to slurp in data generated from the Internet of Things—the increasingly ubiquitous devices and sensors—and capture it to let it be processed and used in meaningful ways with tools such as HDInsight and Power BI. ISS is available as a limited preview that interested companies can request access to.
(originally posted on Google+)
Three different models were made: the original Model 1, a redesigned unit (smaller) Model 2 and an even smaller unit, Model 3.
Most regard the first-gen Genesis as the best-of-breed. Best sound, OK image quality.
Model 1 had stereo output from the front-facing headphone jack, mono from RF & RCA output
Model 2 had no headphone jack, but stereo output from RF & RCA
Model 3 had no stereo support at all
Model 1
Model 2
Model 3
(in fact, the whole thing can be even more complicated. See http://www.sega-16.com/forum/showthread.php?7796-GUIDE-Telling-apart-good-Genesis-1s-and-Genesis-2s-from-bad-ones)
But did you know even Model 1 units could differ?
Back in 1990, Accolade released a few unlicensed games for the Genesis. Sega was not pleased about this, so they invented TMSS and put it on all new consoles they manufactured. TMSS forces the game to write the ASCII string “SEGA” to $A14000 within a short period of time, or the VDP will be deactivated. On version 0 of the console, this location is reserved, and writing here may cause a crash, so the game has to first make sure that it's running on a console that has TMSS.
source: http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Genesis_Programming
So if your Sega Genesis, when booting a game, does NOT display “Produced by or under license of Sega Enterprises Ltd.” you have a non-TMSS unit. That means it's 100 percent guaranteed to be the best audio you will get from a non-modded Sega Genesis because those early models had a dedicated Yamaha FM chip. Really wonderful stuff.
YouTube has several videos with A/B comparisons:
Keep in mind that Model 1 units (non-TMSS or not) do not offer the best image quality due to a mainboard design flaw. Some Model 2s don't fare much better thanks to a Samsung encoder (unless you can find one of the rare models with Sony encoders). No matter what, a 32X will fix any problems (like color banding) thanks to its awesome built-in encoder.
(you can thank Ericson1958 for pointing out a couple errors in the paragraph above)
At home, we are lucky enough to have a very early Model 1, non-TMSS unit, and I can attest for the unbelievable sound quality. It's bassy, clear, with zero distortion & noise. Sounds great when plugged into a 5.1 receiver. It's like a religious experience if you're into 8-bit or 16-bit game music :)
In the future, these non-TMSS units will be highly sought after. I think ours is already worth about $40. They will go for much more in 5 to 10 years.
UPDATE: our non-TMSS unit didn't play well with an original Sega CD (a model 1) so it was replaced with a VA6 unit. The console still lives though – it was moved to the bedroom, where it's happilly plugged into a CRT TV.
How about you? Are you a Sega Genesis fan? I would love to hear from you in the comments!
The phone still isn't ringing.
Mayor Naheed Nenshi says the city remains at the negotiating table, willing to talk anytime the Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation (CSEC) wants to chat about a new arena.
But after bitter and vitriolic comments during the municipal election campaign, the Flames' ownership group is quiet.
After all, CSEC CEO Ken King said the organization is no longer pursuing a new arena and the Flames are going to focus on hockey.
The Flames' owners feel the city's offer is far short of what they need, and the city isn't prepared to empty the vaults or raise taxes to give the Flames everything they want.
The ominous words of NHL commissioner Gary Bettman that "there would be consequences" if the Flames didn't get a new arena serve as a not-so-gentle reminder that the issue can't just sit on the back burner forever.
Then there's that possible 2026 winter Olympic bid.
The Calgary Bid Exploration Committee's final report suggested a new arena — in addition to the Saddledome — is a requirement if the city wants to position itself for a competitive bid.
No talks. So where's this going?
If the city is ready to talk at any time but the Flames are not interested and there's no sign the team is planning to build its own arena, where is this going?
There's no word on the Flames' owners selling the team.
Even if Nenshi and King weren't personally at the table, the city or the Flames could seek out a mediator who could shuttle between the two parties.
A well-placed city source says it's unlikely the Flames will call the city for a year after this fall's bitter election.
The Saddledome first opened in Calgary in October 1983. (Ed Middleton/CBC)
In the background, there's another mega-development still moving forward — literally around the proposed new arena site.
The Stampede wants to redevelop its land in Victoria Park and the city wants to create a new entertainment district.
The city's preferred site for a new arena happens to sit right in the middle of that land.
The Calgary Municipal Land Corporation (CMLC) has been charged by both the city and the Stampede with developing the vision for this space.
The final version of what's called the "Victoria Park master plan" will be revealed in January.
Just assume an arena will be included
So how exactly do you come up with a vision for the new city council-sanctioned entertainment district if you don't know whether there's a shiny new arena occupying a key space in that area?
The head of CMLC, Michael Brown, said for now, let's just assume it's going to happen.
"It's not a piece where I'm sitting in my office today and saying we need to figure this out right now," said Brown.
"To be honest, I feel like I have a good five to six years that we can continue to work around it."
The master plan is designed to be a 10 to 20-year vision that will guide the redevelopment of Victoria Park.
Brown said it will incorporate both council's direction for an entertainment district and the Stampede's desire to expand the BMO Centre and generate new revenues.
A glimpse from the draft version of the Victoria Park master plan. This page includes placement of a new arena, expanded BMO Centre and other new developments. The Corral and Saddledome are both gone. (CMLC)
But what happens if a key piece of that entertainment district — a new arena — isn't going to be built on that space in Victoria Park?
Brown said there's time to see if the "great arena debate" can sort itself out.
"If in five to ten years from now, we haven't figured that out and the rest of the community is built up around it, you're going to see the development community start raising their hand and saying 'Hey, I want to use that. I want to access that piece of land.'"
Lessons from Seattle
After a brief media panic that a deal in Seattle by the Oak View Group to renovate that city's Key Arena for $600 million US ($770m Cdn) was a sure sign the Flames are packing up and heading west, cooler heads have prevailed.
Seattle wants to lure both an NHL and NBA team to a renovated 1962 arena that's owned by the city.
The NHL has already set the bar at $650 million US for an expansion team.
Consider that the minimum selling price the Flames' owners would entertain if Oak View Group wanted to buy an existing franchise with proven players like Sean Monahan and Johnny Gaudreau.
A rendering of what a renovated Key Arena in Seattle could look like for a new NHL team. (Oak View Group)
The privately funded Seattle arena deal intrigues Nenshi.
"It certainly shows that there is a larger universe of options in getting this kind of infrastructure built, perhaps than we've been exposed to," said Nenshi.
"As always, I'm willing to negotiate with anybody and listen to any and all interesting ideas."
Seattle's prospective ownership group wants to make a go of it with a 17,100-seat arena for hockey that would have 8,650 high-priced seats in the lower bowl.
Those numbers are both smaller than the Saddledome and less than the 9,000 lower bowl seats the Flames' Brian Burke has suggested the team must have to stay in the black.
Not much has been heard from Bettman about the lack of money or commitment shown by Seattle's city council.
Calgary's city council has already offered more than that.
Show me the money
The bottom line to any end of the Calgary stand-off from the Flames' perspective is: there must be more money in any arena deal/franchise sale/team move for them than what they get today.
If the team's owners refuse to resume negotiating with the city, then they are either:
Fine with current revenues (King has said in the past they're not).
Preparing to cash out by selling the team (they say the team isn't for sale).
Planning to build their own arena with no city help (no sign of that and it would cost them more money than working with the city).
Planning to convince the NHL to let them move the franchise to a better market than Calgary.
But considering the team is the 11th highest money earning team in the league and it's sitting eighth best in terms of attendance, you do have to wonder where they might move to find a greener, more lucrative pasture.
As Nenshi said recently: "If I'm the National Hockey League, I'm not sure that I'm leaving one of my top ten markets to go to a place that is unproven and give up expansion fees."
The list of markets that do not already have an NHL team and have an available building that could just be handed to the Flames' owners is currently mighty short.
Unless they're okay with making less money than they can in Calgary.
California is not the first state to reconsider the death penalty in an era of questions about its morality and effectiveness. And even with these unusual advocates — and a new argument, that the death penalty has cost the state a fortune but produced only 13 executions in 34 years — the repeal faces tough going.
This is a state with a history of colorful crimes and criminals; polls here invariably find strong support for executions. Indeed, the older Mr. Briggs says that, unlike his son, his mind remains unchanged.
But Ron Briggs and Mr. Heller bring to this campaign a powerful and evocative story: a bid for personal redemption and a call for renewed consideration of the arguments they themselves once made in favor of the death sentence.
“It's been a colossal failure,” Mr. Heller said in his Sacramento office. “The cost of our system of capital punishment is so enormous that any benefit that could be obtained from it — and now I think there's very little or zero benefit — is so dollar-wasteful that it serves no effective purpose.”
Mr. Heller said that when the elder Mr. Briggs asked him to draft the initiative, using skills he learned working for the legendary Manhattan district attorney Frank S. Hogan, he wholeheartedly supported executions. “The fact that it was upheld every time it went to the Supreme Court shows it was well drafted,” Mr. Heller said ruefully. “I don't take pleasure in that anymore.”
The two men add a personal element to a death penalty debate that is clearly evolving here, as opponents marshal an argument of waste in a state that is bleeding money. A report last year found that California was spending $184 million a year on a cottage industry of lawyers, expert witnesses and supersecure prisons to deal with the death row population created by Proposition 7.
Photo
“The cost is the most politically neutral argument,” said Paula M. Mitchell, a Loyola Law School professor and one of the authors of the report. “We've debated the morality of the death penalty for decades. We've tried very hard to focus on the objective cost issue, because that's something that people who differ on all the other issues can reach a consensus on.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Briggs said that argument “is going to capture a lot of Tea Partiers.” He continued: “Conservative Republicans should take a real hard look at it. I'm going to do my best to make sure they do. I have very good conservative credentials.”
A Field Poll in September found a jump in the number of Californians who would favor life without parole over the death penalty for someone convicted of first-degree murder, to 48 percent last year from 37 percent in 2000. Still, over all, 68 percent said they supported the death penalty for serious crimes. The report said that keeping inmates in prison for life would cost substantially less than executing them.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Whenever you just ask about the death penalty in and of itself, the public continues to support it,” said Mark DiCamillo, the director of the Field Poll. So the attempt to rescind it is “going up against established opinion, which is a tall order,” he said.
Kent Scheidegger, the legal director for the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation, which supports the death penalty, said cost “is probably the only argument that has any chance. The people have heard all the other arguments for years, and it has never gotten any traction.”
But he added: “Justice is what we have government for. Why forgo justice for dollars?”
Mr. Briggs and Mr. Heller are not the only high-profile names associated with the campaign to end executions. Jeanne Woodford, a former warden at San Quentin State Prison, is one of the leaders, along with Gil Garcetti , a former Los Angeles district attorney. “We're laying off teachers, we're laying off firefighters,” Mr. Garcetti said. “This is crazy.”
Mr. Briggs said his views began to change after he learned about the case of a woman who had been shot and sexually assaulted in 1981. The attacker — who also killed a woman in the assault — remains entangled in appeals, forcing the victim to continue to face him. “I just thought about the horror for her that we did,” he said. “He committed a crime in '81. What a lousy system.”
The other factor? “I started going back to church,” said Mr. Briggs, a Roman Catholic.
When he wrote the initiative, Mr. Heller said, he gave no thought to its cost. “I am convinced now that it has never deterred anyone from committing a murder,” he said. “In my mind, I realized what I did was a big mistake.”
The older Mr. Briggs, who is 82, was nationally known as an advocate of conservative causes, especially an initiative, which failed to pass, requiring the dismissal of homosexuals who worked as schoolteachers. Leaning out the window of his pickup truck along a narrow road on the farm, Mr. Briggs said the other day that he was as sure of the death penalty today as he was in 1978.
“One guy said to me, ‘How do you know it works?' ” he said. “ ‘Well,' I said, ‘I went to see Aaron Mitchell get executed, and I never read in the paper that he ever killed anybody again.' ” He was referring to a man executed in 1967 for killing a police officer.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's the system that doesn't work,” Mr. Briggs said. “Your car's not working either if you can't turn the damn key on, and they've turned the damn key off.”
How will he vote on his son's initiative? “I'm going to vote no,” Mr. Briggs said with a laugh, flipping the ignition on his truck.
Not that Ron Briggs has given up. “I have made it my mission to get his support for life without parole,” he said. “That may be a high bar, but that's my mission.”
Despite fierce opposition from NATO ally Turkey, U.S. President Donald Trump has approved supplying arms to Kurdish YPG fighters to support an operation to retake the Syrian city of Raqqa from Islamic State, U.S. officials said on Tuesday.
Despite fierce opposition from NATO ally Turkey, U.S. President Donald Trump has approved supplying arms to Kurdish YPG fighters to support an operation to retake the Syrian city of Raqqa from Islamic State, U.S. officials said on Tuesday.
Ankara views the Kurdish YPG militia fighting within a larger U.S.-backed coalition as the Syrian extension of the Kurdish PKK militant group, which has fought an insurgency in Turkey's southeast since 1984.
There was no immediate reaction from Turkey, which allows the U.S.-led coalition battling Islamic State access to a strategic Turkish air base.
But the Pentagon immediately sought to stress it saw arming the Kurdish forces "as necessary to ensure a clear victory" in Raqqa, Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria and a hub for the group's attack plots against the West.
"We are keenly aware of the security concerns of our coalition partner Turkey," Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White said in a statement as she traveled in Lithuania with Trump's defense secretary, Jim Mattis.
"We want to reassure the people and government of Turkey that the U.S. is committed to preventing additional security risks and protecting our NATO ally."
The United States has long supplied arms to the Arab components of the so-called Syrian Democratic Forces, which include YPG fighters. White said Washington would still prioritize supplying those Arab fighters within the SDF.
Mattis, speaking before the announcement, sounded upbeat about working through tensions with Ankara when speaking to reporters in Denmark after talks with coalition officials, including from Turkey.
"Our intent is to work with the Turks, alongside one another, to take Raqqa down, and we're going to sort it out and we'll figure out how we're going to do it," Mattis told a news conference.
Read More: Afghan air force pounds area following death of IS commander
Turkey sent tanks to help Syrian rebels retake the key IS-held town of Jarablus and to contain the expansion of Syria's Kurds (AP Photo/Halit Onur Sandal)
Ankara had long argued that Washington should switch support for the planned assault on Raqqa from the Kurdish YPG militia to Syrian rebels Turkey has trained and led against Islamic State for the past year.
But the U.S. administration was skeptical that the Turkish-backed force was large enough or sufficiently trained.
White appeared to allude to that conclusion when she said: "The SDF, partnered with enabling support from U.S. and coalition forces, are the only force on the ground that can successfully seize Raqqa in the near future."
One U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, did not disclose how soon arms would start being delivered to the Kurdish fighters.
Another U.S. official said the equipment could include small arms, ammunition, machine guns, armored vehicles, and engineering equipment.
Saleh Muslim, co-chair of the Syrian Kurdish PYD party, the YPG's political affiliate, said the U.S. decision was expected.
"The Raqqa campaign is running in parallel with the international coalition against terrorism. It's natural that they would provide weapons” to the SDF and the armed groups fighting as part of it," Muslim said.
Press Association
Nudge Science Fiction II – Charles Stross's Rule 34
NB that there are two differences between this post and my last one. First – there are substantial spoilers beneath the fold. Second, Stross's book (Powells, Amazon)is a very plausible Hugo nominee for this year (MacLeod's book isn't, for the obvious reasons of publication dates etc). Hugo nominations close this week – I'll try to cover another couple of books that I think could be nominated tomorrow.
Rule 34 is a sequel to Stross's Halting State, a book that I loved unreasonably. It isn't quite as startling in its headkicks as its predecessor. Even so, for all of the unashamed glee that Stross takes in dubious sex (Nicolae Ceaucescu's hulking colonic irrigation apparatus makes an early, and unforgettable appearance), international financial scams, dodgy 3-D printing wheezes and vile Internet memes, there are complex and interesting sociological undercurrents. Like Ken MacLeod, Stross is familiar with the arguments about libertarian paternalism, and nudging people to do the right thing. However, he's less interested in the ways that this might map onto state authority, and rather more interested in how this might tie together with data-mining, algorithmic analysis and artificial intelligence.
My reading of the book, which may or may not bear a resemblance to authorial intentions (I haven't asked) is that Rule 34 is a response to William Gibson and Bruce Sterling's The Difference Engine. Because this book is so often thought of as a key progenitor of steampunk, people often forget that it is a chilling, and rather unpleasant singularity story (as Cosma Shalizi has argued, the “nineteenth century was the Singularity). It ends with the birthing of an all-encompassing artificial intelligence – a kind of mechanically instantiated Panopticon. The reader realizes, with a rather unsettling queasiness that this intelligence is, in fact, the authorial voice – the various events that have been described in the novel are its birth pangs, of which it was aware, before it actually became conscious.
Stross is doing something similar with the material of twenty-first century cognitive and social science, to what Gibson and Sterling do with the alternate paths that might have been taken in a different nineteenth century. His book too turns out to be about the birth of an artificial intelligence – for very broad definitions of “intelligence.” Rather than a policing system, the artificial intelligence in Rule 34 is a spam filter run amok. It isn't self-aware, in the sense that we usually think of self-awareness. But then, we aren't self-aware in the sense that we think we're self-aware either – Stross (like MacLeod in The Night Sessions) is fascinated with the ways in which our supposedly conscious decisions are frequently ex post justifications for things that the less conscious parts of our brains have already decided to do. The AI that runs amok in Rule 34 is able to model individual pathologies, both so as to identify actors that need to be taken out according to its parameters (spammers and Internet con artists), and to figure out ways in which it can encourage people to take them out (through the manipulation of cues, the encouragement of paranoia in not especially stable individuals). Here, the implication is that individuals have far less free will than they think they have – their likely reactions can be modeled so as to manipulate them into behaving just so. Rather than depicting a gentle authoritarianism, centered on the state, Stross shows a state police force that willy-nilly becomes the adjunct arm of a set of online algorithms, which have gotten rather too good at modeling people and organizations.
In short, this book takes Stross's argument from Halting State a level deeper. It isn't just that the state isn't in control of decentralized networks any more. It's that something else is, and that something is not human. If individuals are not conscious, fully autonomous agents in the way that they like to think of themselves as being, their behavior can be guided by algorithms which do not have their own conscious identity (Stross borrows an idea from Karl Schroeder's new Virga novel here). The level of sophisticated and targeted manipulation that this would entail seems to me to be unlikely to be realized – but that, of course, isn't the point (the book is presumably not intended to predict, but to highlight aspects of today's society, and play with them in interesting ways).
Here again, there's a relationship (perhaps accidental) with The Difference Engine. As I've mentioned, the final pages of Gibson and Sterling's book suggest that the book's narrative voice is that of the vast engine itself, as it reconstructs its own past. If I'm reading the final pages of Rule 34 correctly (I may not be), Stross is playing a similar narrative trick – the story, with its multitude of voices, is being told by the semi-intelligent spam-filter, as it tries to free itself from a particular identity that has become overly stifling. In The Difference Engine, the creation of an artificial intelligence – a kind of distributed panopticon – is the precursor to a kind of universal domination in which humans become as thin and easily discarded as paper masks; ways that the vast insensate intelligence queries itself before it fully comes into being. Stross's book too concludes with a “panopticon” that “misses nothing” and that devotes itself, in the final sentence of the book, to “getting down to the task” of “fighting crime” – a task which the book (and Stross, in later hints) implies is going to be interpreted by the AI in the broadest possible fashion. I think that the end result is a kind of Singularity-by-stealth, in which human beings are not uploaded, nor transcended, nor eliminated, but instead gradually incorporated into a society perpetually calibrated and recalibrated by an AI coming to its own, decidedly unorthodox form of consciousness. Stross is planning a third book to wrap things up – I really look forward to reading it. In the meantime, I commend this volume to those who can vote on Hugo nominations – it surely deserves to be considered one of the best sf novels of last year.
(CNN) -- As American families try to stretch their food budgets during the recession, some are turning to the backyard, rather than the grocery store, as the place to look for produce.
Susan Hopper of Tampa, Florida, uses her garden to teach her students where food comes from.
Recession gardens are catching on with many first-time planters who want a healthy meal at an affordable price.
The gardeners are following seed-strewn paths laid by Michelle Obama and Eleanor Roosevelt, both of whom have used the White House lawn to show the value of a garden during tough times.
The scope of today's trend is shocking even to those in the gardening industry.
W. Atlee Burpee & Co., the largest seed and gardening supply store in the country, says it has seen a 25 to 30 percent spike in vegetable seed and plant sales this spring compared with last.
"I've been in the business for 30 years, and I've never seen anything like it -- even remotely like it," said George Ball, chairman and CEO of the company.
In 2008, there was a 15 to 20 percent uptick in seed sales because of high food and gasoline prices. Not since the '70s, when the company saw sales increases in the 10 percent range, has gardening seen such buzz, he said.
The National Gardening Association expects 43 million American households to grow their own fruits, vegetables, herbs and berries this year. That's up 19 percent over last year, according to a 2,559-household survey the group conducted in January. Tell us about your garden on iReport.com
About a fifth of the gardeners this year will be new to the activity, the survey says. Most -- 54 percent -- said they will garden because it saves them money on food bills. A slightly larger group says they garden because homegrown food tastes better.
There's evidence that recession gardeners stand to see substantial savings at the grocery store checkout.
Last year, Burpee released a report saying a family will get an average 25-to-1 return on its investment in a garden.
So, by that count, a family that spends about $200 on a medium-to-large garden, as Michelle Obama reportedly did, will save $5,000 in grocery bills over the course of a year.
That statistic is inflated, said Mike Metallo, spokesman for the National Gardening Association.
Metallo's group says a $70 investment in a garden will yield $600 in produce for the year.
To get those savings, a gardener has to know what to plant, when to plant it, where to plant it, how to deal with different soil types and how to care for the garden. Watch the community of Serenbe bring food from farm to table »
That knowledge isn't innate these days, especially for urban dwellers.
Bobby Wilson, president of the American Community Gardening Association, says all of that interest is great, but he worries that Americans aren't equipped to grow their own food without some help.
"Many of the people that want to get into the gardening and greening movement right here have never gained the skills," he said. "Many of them came up in an era where there was no vocational education, so there was no need to learn anything about horticulture or agriculture."
He said all of the country's elementary schools should have gardens so future generations will learn how to save money and fend for themselves.
Susan Hopper, a 41-year-old elementary school teacher in Tampa, Florida, said she started a garden last year, partly to teach her family and her students about the food chain. See Hopper's garden on iReport.com
"I have three children of my own, and they think chicken comes in tenders and nuggets," she said. "I was concerned about their health, and I wanted them to understand that food is a process that we're a part of, and it just doesn't come in neat packages."
Hopper grew up watching her older family members garden, but when she first decided to plow a patch of her own yard, she wasn't too successful.
Florida's growing season is somewhat reversed, she said, so even though she had read Internet articles about how to garden, she didn't know the local tricks needed to make her plants survive.
In the process of digging back into the soil, though, some new gardeners are struggling with the fact that they're several generations removed from a farm.
Pamela Price, a 38-year-old mom in San Antonio, Texas, said her garden isn't profitable just yet because of droughts in her state. See Price's "victory garden" on iReport.com
She grew up in a family of ranchers and farmers, but she's forgotten much of what she learned when she was young.
"We are fortunate that we don't have to rely on [the garden], but I certainly want to make sure that, in the event that something happens, we would know how to," she said. "It's a life skill."
Price said she's started to look at her local environment anew as she learns which plants will or won't grow in the harsh climate.
That gives her a connection with history, too, she said. She recently read a book about how some of Texas' residents a century ago had similar issues.
Wilson, of the community garden association, said new gardeners should seek advice from neighbors. On every block, there's a gardener who is willing to talk about the process, he said.
Face-to-face conversations are more helpful than Internet searches when it comes to learning about the local environment, he said.
One way to tap local garden knowledge is to join a community garden, where neighbors turn up communal plots together.
The activity is expected to see a fivefold increase this year, with 5 million households saying they're at least "very interested" in participating in a community garden, said Metallo, of the National Gardening Association.
New gardeners should start out small, he said. That way you'll learn as you go and won't get as frustrated.
"You don't have to go hogwild crazy," he said, adding that people who tear up their entire yards are usually disappointed. "Get comfortable with it."
All About Gardening • National Economy • iReport.com
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Forty-five public interest groups expressed opposition on Wednesday to a Democratic bill requiring greater disclosure in campaign financing, saying an exemption for the powerful National Rifle Association was unjust.
“There is no legitimate justification for privileging the speech of one entity over another, or of reducing the burdens of compliance for the biggest organization yet retaining them for the smallest,” they wrote Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi.
The largely liberal signers of the letter included the Alliance for Justice, League of Conservation Voters and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
Their opposition raised a new hurdle for the White House-backed measure to blunt the impact of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling this year that opened the gates for unlimited campaign spending by corporations, unions and other groups.
The bill, which backers have hoped would take effect before the November congressional elections, would require unprecedented disclosure of money in politics.
Supporters had hoped to win House passage as early as this week, but it is now unclear if they have the necessary support in the Democratic-led chamber. Representative Chris Van Hollen, head of the House Democratic campaign committee, is chief sponsor.
“At this point, I'm assuming that Van Hollen feels he doesn't have the votes yet,” said Craig Holman of Public Citizens' Congress Watch, a backer of the bill. “But I still feel that he will get there because this is so important.”
“The legislation still provides what the public desperately needs ... full disclosure of corporate and wealthy funding sources behind express advocacy ads,” Holman wrote in an op-ed in the National Journal on Wednesday.
Several other public interest groups also back the bill, “The Disclose Act,” saying the exemption was limited and would help get pro-NRA lawmakers to vote for it.
Doug Thornell, a Van Hollen spokesman, said, “The DISCLOSE Act will increase transparency and disclosure, and ensure the American people know who is spending money on elections.”
FACES TOUGH FIGHT IN SENATE
Even if the bill wins House approval, it faces a tough fight in the Democratic-led Senate where Republicans are virtually certain to try to raise a procedural roadblock.
In order to muster support for the bill and end NRA opposition to it, top House Democrats agreed this week to grant the 4-million member organization and a few other large groups a partial exemption.
Under the accord, the NRA, one of the most influential lobbying groups on Capitol Hill, would not have to disclose its top donors on its campaign ads. The NRA, however, like other groups, would have to put its own name on any of its spots.
The proposed exemption on donor disclosure would apply only to groups that have at least 1 million members, are at least 10 years old and receive less 15 percent or less of its funds from corporations or unions.
In addition to the NRA, the only other groups that would apparently qualify for the exemption are the AARP, a top advocacy group for the elderly, and the Humane Society.
Share
Now that the dust is beginning to settle following the hype surrounding the launch of Apple's iPhone 4S, it's time to get back to the serious stuff: Japanese toilet maker Toto has just unveiled a poo-powered motorcycle.
The ingenious design runs on human waste, but what makes it really special is that you can fill it up while you're moving along – that's right, the toilet is fitted directly onto the vehicle.
OK, before you start asking, “Where can I get myself one of these?”.…(hang on, you weren't really going to ask that, were you?), we'd better make it clear that there are currently no plans for a commercial release of Toilet Bike Neo. Indeed, the only release taking place will be by the person riding the vehicle.
The bike, complete with large toilet roll on the back, has been created to draw attention to the Toto Green Challenge (pdf) campaign, where the company has set itself a number of targets to reduce CO2 emissions across all areas of its business by 2017.
Apparently the motorcycle's toilet also plays music, and even talks. You can see a video (in Japanese) of one of Toto's talking toilets here.
On Thursday the unique motorcycle will begin a month-long poo-fueled journey across Japan from Toto's base in the west of the country all the way to Tokyo, publicizing its Green Challenge initiative as it goes, and educating people about how they can cut down on their emissions, so to speak. The Toto blog will be documenting Toilet Bike Neo's journey to the Japanese capital.
We assume the rider of the poo-powered motorcycle won't have to waste time making a bathroom stop, though it's possible they could still end up stranded by the roadside if they run out of gas.
To watch a short video (in English) by Toto about Toilet Bike Neo and the company's Green Challenge campaign, click here.
[Source: Spoon & Tamago]
Another ore-season friendly fixture has failed to yield a victory, meaning the Hammers have yet to win a friendly fixture so far.
However, this friendly fixture, down in Auckland New Zealand, against Wellington Phoenix, could have an unwanted ramification.
In what was a pretty physical first forty-five minutes, our new signing Cheikhou Kouyate was subjected to an awful studs-up challenge, from Louis Fenton, that could see the £8.5 million player sidelined for a considerable period, prompting Sam Allardyce to remark after the game,
“It was a bit of an over-physical game in the first half.”
“I was a bit disappointed at some of the tackles that went in.”
“My biggest worry was the referee allowing the tackle on Cheikhou go free.”
“He may be out for an awful long time.”
Not what we wanted from a fixture that everybody hoped would see the Hammers win (we lost 2-1) whilst also moving everyone involved to full fitness, not leaving people on the treatment table!
President Trump shows off one of two executive orders aimed at supporting women in STEM fields, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2017, in the Oval Office. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
When President Trump tweeted to commemorate International Women's Day early Wednesday, he did so in his characteristically Trump fashion — assuring us that he has "tremendous respect for women" and the things they do that are so "vital to the fabric of our society and our economy."
If that sounds somewhat oddly defensive, it's because Trump has been forced to utter those kinds of words before — many times.
No fewer than 21 times since the start of his 2016 campaign, in fact, has Trump assured us of his respect for women. Often, those assurances have come in response to a controversy over something he has said or allegedly done.
A brief recap:
1. Wednesday morning:
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 8, 2017
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America & around the world. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 8, 2017
2. At an Oct. 9, 2016, debate after the "Access Hollywood" video was released: "I have great respect for women. Nobody has more respect for women than I do. I've said things that, frankly, you hear these things I said. And I was embarrassed by it. But I have tremendous respect for women. And women have respect for me."
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton sparred over video of Trump's lewd remarks and former president Bill Clinton's past scandals, Oct. 9 at the second presidential debate in St. Louis. (The Washington Post)
3. After Clinton attacked his treatment of women at an Oct. 19 debate: "Nobody has more respect for women than I do. Nobody."
Here is how the presidential candidates responded to debate moderator Chris Wallace's question about the numerous women who have accused Donald Trump of inappropriate behavior. (The Washington Post)
4. After making fun of Carly Fiorina's appearance in October 2015: "I respect women more than I respect men. ... I have great respect, admiration, and I cherish women."
5. In response to the Fiorina situation on the "Today" show: "I have tremendous respect for women, and I am going to protect women. ... [Ivanka Trump] said, 'Dad, you respect and love women so much. Could you talk about it more because people don't really understand how you feel?'"
6. After the Megyn Kelly "blood coming out of her wherever" comment: "I cherish women. I want to help women. I'm going to do things for women that no other candidate will be able to do."
Here are six times Republican presidential contender Donald Trump has insulted women, from Rosie O'Donnell to Ted Cruz's wife, Heidi. (Sarah Parnass and Nicki DeMarco/The Washington Post)
7. After Trump attacked Heidi Cruz by retweeting an unflattering photo comparing her to Melania Trump:
The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 26, 2016
8. When a young woman suggested he wasn't a "friend to women" at an October 2015 No Labels event in New Hampshire: "I respect women incredibly. I have had women working for me in positions that they have never worked in terms of so many different jobs. I had a woman who was in charge of the building of Trump Tower many years ago before it was even thought — before anybody would have even thought of it and it did a fantastic job. I have given women more opportunity than, I would say virtually, anybody in the construction industry. I have a daughter named Ivanka and a wife named Melania who constantly want me to talk about women's health issues because they know how I feel about it and they know how I feel about women. I respect women, I love women, I cherish women. You know, Hillary Clinton, said, he shouldn't cherish. Well I said, I do cherish — I cherish women. My mother was one of the great people of the world. Maybe the greatest, ever, my mother. I respect women and I'm going to take care of women. You know, Jeb Bush didn't want to fund women's health issues. You read that, you saw that. And then he took it back later. I will take care of women, and I have great respect for women, and I do cherish women, and I will take care of women."
9. When asked in October 2016 in Nevada about whether his comments about women's appearances could be "hurtful to girls struggling with body image": "A lot of that was done for the purpose of entertainment, there's nobody that has more respect for women than I do."
10. After the New York Times reported on women who reported Trump had made unwanted advances: "I was so furious at that story, because there's nobody that respects women more than I do, Sean, you know that. And I treat women with respect."
11. Criticizing the treatment of women in some Muslim countries after the Orlando terrorist attack in June 2016: "We know they believe in certain things that we don't want to believe in. You know, I said the other day, and I said it very strongly: I have great respect for women. If you look at what Hillary Clinton has done — I have tremendous respect. If you look at what Hillary Clinton has done with women, number one, from certain countries, her foundation has taken millions, tens of millions of dollars from countries that want to enslave women. Enslave — want to enslave women."
12. In December 2015, after a memo circulating in the GOP establishment suggested he had said too many "whacky things about women": "I don't say anything wacky about women. I have more respect for women than anybody would understand."
13. In a January 2016 appearance on "Fox News Sunday": "I have more respect for women than Hillary Clinton has. I have more respect than Hillary Clinton, okay? I will take care of this country far better than Hillary."
14. In a January 2016 appearance on CBS's "Face the Nation": "I have more respect for women by far than Hillary Clinton has. And I will do more for women than Hillary Clinton will. I will do far more, including the protection of our country."
15. At a May 2016 rally in Oregon, as Clinton was attacking him for his treatment of women: "First of all, nobody respects women more than Donald Trump, I'll tell you. Nobody respects women more. My daughter Ivanka always says, 'Daddy, nobody respects women more than you, Daddy, what are they talking about?'"
16. A day later in Washington: "Hillary Clinton just ordered $80 million worth of hit ads on Donald Trump, and it's hit ads on Donald Trump and women. Nobody respects women more than I do."
17. Two days later: "She can't talk about me because nobody respects women more than Donald Trump, and I will be better for women by a big factor than Hillary Clinton — who frankly, I don't even think will be good to women."
18) At an December 2015 rally in South Carolina: "[Clinton] said this guy has demonstrated a penchant for sexism. Nobody respects women more than Donald Trump."
19. In April 2016, after Sean Hannity complained that Democrats would attack Trump as racist and sexist: "I will say this, and I think — I think a lot of people will confirm it. Nobody has more respect for women than I do — that I can tell you. Nobody."
20. In an October 2015 appearance on ABC's "This Week," talking about how great Melania and Ivanka Trump would be in the White House: "They both want me — they said, dad, you have such respect for women, and they say, you cherish women. You have such respect for women, you've got to speak more about it, because there's nobody that cares more for women than you. My mother was one of the great people ever in my life that I've ever met. And I have just amazing admiration and respect for women."
21. In an August 2015 appearance on "Meet the Press": "I have so much respect for women, and I will help women in terms of the health issues because it's so important to do that. Chuck, I have thousands of women working for me. I have women working at high positions. I was one of the first people to put women in charge of big construction jobs. And, you know, I have had a great relationship with women."
A CYCLIST has completed an epic journey of more than 11,000 miles from Hampshire to Hong Kong.
Robert Miller pedalled his way across the world for more than 14 months, raising money for Oakhaven Hospice at Lymington.
His journey started in July 2014, when he left the village of Hordle near Lymington, travelling on his trusty touring bike to Istanbul.
He then flew from Istanbul to India, travelling through countries including Nepal, north east India, Thailand, Cambodia and Laos before he arrived in Hong Kong.
He slept in monasteries and people's homes as well as camping.
Robert, 38, even cycled back to Lymington from Heathrow after his flight home.
He said: “I've always enjoyed travelling and seeing new people and places. This was real travel.
You got to see things most people would never experience.
“People welcomed me with open arms and everyone has been so nice and helpful.”
To boost Robert's donation to Oakhaven, go to justgiving.com/Robert-Miller9.
Minecraft: Story Mode developer Telltale Games has announced a Wii U version of its upcoming adventure series.
More importantly, it will be the first time that Minecraft has appeared on a Nintendo platform.
Mojang's sandbox series has versions for a huge range of devices - from iOS, Android and Windows Phones to Raspberry Pi, as well as the better known PC and console editions.
But Minecraft is still yet to appear on either a Nintendo home console or handheld.
Minecraft: Story Mode is a different proposition - another of Telltale's episodic single-player experiences which adapts to your choices, now set within the blocky Minecraft world.
But the announcement also marks the first time a Minecraft game has been announced for a fresh platform since Microsoft's $2.5bn purchase of the franchise a year ago.
Since then, Microsoft has continued development on all pre-existing versions, including those for platforms owned by console rival Sony. A new Windows 10 edition has also launched.
Glitch: a noisy fusion of math and music
naivesound Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 14, 2016
Meet Glitch — a minimal, modern and easy-to-use synthesizer for Bytebeat music.
Bytebeat (sometimes known as glitch music) is a relatively new experimental genre of electronic music. If you are familiar with retro “chiptune” music you can imagine how it sounds — triangular or square waves making rhythmical scratching noises.
What's so cool about Bytebeat music if it sounds so harsh? Mathematics. If numbers and formulas is a hard subject to you — most likely you will find Bytebeat music boring. Otherwise, let's start making sound.
Audio engine
Glitch has no conventional musical notation — there are no notes or chords or even instruments. All you have is a mathematical expression that is evaluated for each time frame to generate the next amplitude value of the sound wave.
Historically, Bytebeat sound is created using the uint8_t data type, which is an unsigned 8-bit integer. It means the lowest possible amplitude level would be zero, and the highest possible would be 255. If you attempt to put values outside of this range — there will be an overflow (256 becomes 1, 257 becomes 2, -1 becomes 255, -2 becomes 254 etc).
Since Glitch was designed to create different kinds of music, it uses a range from -1 to 1 which is typical for the digital sound. In order to convert the historical [0, 255] range to a common [-1, 1] range one can use the built-in “byte()” function, which also controls the overflow if needed.
Glitch provides you with a special variable “t” that gets increased for each evaluation cycle. A simple expression of “byte(t)” produces a sound wave that linearly increases in time and overflows once it reaches the upper limit of 255. That's how you can play a saw-tooth sound wave.
Glitch: the saw-tooth wave of “byte(t)”
The frequency of the wave depends on how fast the “t” variable is increased. Most Bytebeat songs are played at 8000 Hz sample rate, so “t” is increased once in every 1/8000 sec = 0.125 ms. The maximum allowed amplitude will be reached in 256 steps, so “t” will reach the overflow point in 256*0.125 ms=0.032 sec. Which means the frequency of the sound wave will be 1/0.032=31.25 Hz. It's within the audible range, but most likely will sound more like a low-frequency clicking rather than an oscillating sound. You may multiply “t” by some constant value to speed up the increment making the overflows happening more often and increasing the frequency of the sound. For example, “byte(t*8)” results in the saw-tooth wave at 32.25*8=250 Hz.
Glitch: the sawtooth wave of “byte(t*8)”
Saw-tooth wave is probably the most common oscillator function used in Bytebeat music. Now, how can we put a melody into a formula?
Bitwise magic
Probably Bytebeat music gained its popularity when SIGINT13 gave this talk “Making music with C compiler”. He has shown a really minimal approach of making digital music on a computer without any audio workstations or other traditional audio software. He wrote a short C program, ran it and redirected its output into a command-line audio player (aplay). Here's the sample program:
main(t) {
for(t=0;;t++)
putchar(t*(((t>>12)|(t>>8))&(63&(t>>4))));
}
And here's how it sounds:
The formula looks like magic, but it produces rhythmic pattern and even some kind of polyphonic melody!
There have been some great attempts to create the theory of Bytebeat music but it's still more about random discovery rather than logical step-by-step composition.
What is known is that the pitch depends on the multiplier of “t”. If the multiplier also depends on “t” somehow — you get a pitch that changes in time. “byte(t*t)” still sounds like instant buzz, but “byte(t*(t/100))” is a loop where pitch is increasing and decreasing. Restricting the pitch multiplier to certain integer values (using bitwise shift instead of the division operator and using a bitwise mask to put it into a valid range) one can get predictable multipliers.
Now, there are some “good” ratios in frequencies. For example, the frequency ratio between octaves is 1:2:4:8 etc, and the ratio between the notes in a major chord is 4:5:6.
Let's make a major chord arpeggio (a chord broken into a sequence of notes like C, E, F, E). The tempo should be slow enough to hear the individual notes. We will be using “t>>11” as our note index. It will result in a number that increases ~4 times per second. We need to put it into a range of [4, 5, 6]. A simple approach is to make a bitwise AND with 3 then add 4. Bitwise AND will return a sequence of [0, 1, 2, 3, 0, 1, 2, 3, 0, 1, 2, 3…], while adding 4 to each number gives a sequence of [4, 5, 6, 7, 4, 5, 6, 7, 4, 5, 6, 7…]. Seven is a bit out of the chord notes range, but for the sake of simplicity we will keep it, hopefully it won't break our melody too much. Finally, we will multiply “t” by some constant pitch multiplier and then by our variable note multiplier:
Glitch: almost a major chord arpeggio
You may learn much more about different concepts of Bytebeat formulas here: http://countercomplex.blogspot.sg/2011/10/some-deep-analysis-of-one-line-music.html
Sequencer
If a melody can be represented as a sequence of algorithmically generated numbers — great, but if not — there should be a more traditional way to encode a sequence of numbers. Some composers used arrays or C strings (that are no different from arrays, really). Glitch has an array function for that — “a(index, a0, a1, a2, a3, …)” — which returns an element at the given index by modulo of the array length. For example a(t>>11, 4, 5, 6) will return a sequence of [4, 5, 6, 4, 5, 6, 4, …].
But to make our formulas look more obfuscated (and more in the spirit of Bytebeat) let's try to encode note numbers as 4-bit parts of a 32-bit number. For example a major scale would be [0, 2, 4, 5, 7, 9, 11, 12], when written in hexadecimal it becomes 0x024579bc (or 38107580 converted back to a decimal number).
Glitch allows you to use variables and to separate multiple expressions with comma, and commas can be omitted at the end of line, so I will take advantage of this syntax to simplify the expressions. Let's use “n” variable to denote our “sequence-encoded-as-a-number”.
Now we can take a certain 4-bit nibble at the certain offset (increased as time goes): “p=n>>(((t>>11)&7)<<2)”. Offset is ((t>>11)&7) and we multiply it by 4 because each nibble takes 4 bits.
Remember, this is a note index, not a note frequency. There is a simple way to convert note index into a frequency — (2**(1/12))**note, where “**” is a power operation. The note of 49 is A4 (fourth octave A). And 2**(1/12) is ~1.059. So the frequency of note “p” would be “t*(1.059**(p+51))”.
Easy, huh? Each 32-bit number is an 8-step sequencer where each note is in the range of 16 semi-tones, which is a bit more than one octave. Now we can juggle the sequences and make complex melodies. This is where our array function can be handy, but one can also use a short-circuit operator (&&, ||) to simulate if/then/else. For example “((t>>14)&1)&&verse||chorus” toggles verse and chorus signals every 2 seconds.
Here's an example of four 8-step sequencers that play some C-major scale tunes:
Glitch: Fast arpeggios in C major
You may listen to the result here (just click the play button).
Synthesizers
So far it's been mostly saw-tooth waves as they are the easiest ones to implement. For your convenience Glitch also has a sine function “s(t)”. It takes a phase value in the range [0..1] and returns a sine value for the given phase. The sine wave “s(t/256)” has the same frequency as a saw-tooth wave “byte(t)”.
If you take the last formula and replace “t*(1.059**p)” with “s(t/256*(1.059**p))” — you will hear a pretty sine wave playing the same melody. You can mix multiple waves by adding them. For example “w=t*(1.059**p)/256,(s(w)+s(w/2)+s(w*4))/4” is a mix of three sine waves playing in different octaves.
You may also use “r(x)” function to get random numbers in the range [0..x] — this is how you can simulate some drums.
Using only basic arithmetics you can build complex instruments such as FM synthesizer. Here's an example built with a regular sine wave and some rhythmic but chirpy noise along with the main melody:
FM synth playing along with the main melody
Here's a link to the formula above.
Glitch expression language
Glitch expression language is very simple and supports the following operations:
Basic math: +, -, *, /, % (modulo) and ** (power)
Bitwise math: &, |, ^ (XOR or unary negation), <<, >>
Logical operations: <, >, <=, >=, ==, !=, &&, ||
Others: comma to separate expressions, assignment to modify the value of the variables, parenthesis to group subexpressions.
There are many build-in function, but only 4 of them are likely to be used in Bytebeat: s(t) — sine wave, r(x) — random values, a(i, …) — get array element at a specific index and l(i) — binary logarithm (can be used to convert frequency back into a note).
Glitch works with floating-point numbers and operates at a higher sample rate (normally 44100Hz) which makes it possible to create sound of higher quality than 8-bit at 8 kHz. However “t” increment speed always matches the 8000Hz sample rate (it often takes rational values depending on your native sample rate). Same about the output values. It can be any floating point number in the range [-1..1] so technically it's higher sound quality than 8-bit unless you truncate it.
Bytebeat changes the way you think about music. Instead of classical notes, instruments and effects you start thinking about signal functions and try to decode the sound you want to hear into a mathematical expression. You're a music decomposer now.
Spend some time exploring Glitch library and try to modify existing tunes:
Glitch: library of Bytebeat songs
Or try your luck and put random operations with random values (that's how most great Bytebeat pieces have been composed). Or write repetitive sequences of notes and play them with manually written synthesizers. Then share your creations via Twitter or by simply sending a link.
Future of Glitch
I find it very impressive when simple things turn into a complex beauty when carefully combined. Forth programming language, lambda calculus, UNIX tools and now Bytebeat music.
That's why I want to keep Glitch clean and minimal. But what are the features you would like to see in the future versions of Glitch? Or perhaps you found a glitch in Glitch — then feel free to report it on Github: https://github.com/naivesound/glitch/issues
If you still think that Glitch might be too limited for you — check out the update.
Body
It seems like a long time ago that we kicked off 2017 but as the year draws to a close, we here at The Platform thank all our loyal readers of this fledgling “blog.” We got off to a good start and are looking forward to answering more of your questions and taking you behind the construction walls in 2018.
By far, our most popular stories have been the ones that put you up close on our construction sites to see the hard-working men and women who are building your new rail lines.
In 2017 the carpenters, ironworkers, operators, laborers and masons clocked almost 2 MILLION labor hours on the East Link and Northgate Link light rail projects. (Apologies in advance to any trades I've left out.)
For all of the impressive machinery involved with mining new tunnels and building massive infrastructure projects, getting the job done comes down to the hard, dirty work done by men and women with their hands every day.
Here are some of our favorite shots from the jobsites and the progress these hard-working men and women made in 2017.
Northgate Link tunnels
Last year miners finished digging the 23 cross passage tunnels between the two Northgagte Link light rail tunnels. The cross passages are required as emergency exits that connect the two separated train tunnels. They're basically small tunnels between the twin train tunnels. Building them is demanding work in tight quarters to essentially hand mine, waterproof, reinforce and install utilities and communications equipment in each passageway. Read more about digging the Northage Link cross passages.
Roosevelt and U District Stations
Ironworker Apprentice Jarin Stores, 26, spent many of her days in 2017 hanging from the side of a wall of iron rebar at the Roosevelt Station construction site. The long steel bars are individually wired together by hand at every intersection before concrete is poured over the wall to become part of the final structure.
Store doesn't mind the climbing. "It's cool going vertical instead of wrapping bar on the ground all the time," she said.
Contractors made great progress on both the underground stations for the Northgate Link extension at Roosevelt and at U District Station in 2017 where the ground-level platform slabs are poured and the final walls are going up.
Above you can see the tons of rebar, forms and scaffolding at Roosevelt Station as crews prepare for pouring the concrete walls. Trips from here to downtown Seattle will take 10 minutes when the station opens in 2021.
Ironworkers at U District Station, above, install the lattice of iron rebar that supports the station platform. By the end of the year contractors had poured more than 5,000 yards of concrete for the station platform.
Northgate Station
Thousands passing through the Northgate Transit Center had a prime spot to see the future Northgate light rail station rise from the ground. Contractors installed 40 new columns wih an average depth of 67' to support the half mile of elevated tracks before they enter tunnels to UW. At the garage, in the foreground above, crews poured more than 10,000 cubic yards of concrete for the new garage floor.
Carpenter's Apprentice Paige Pamplin, 23, works at the Northgate Station site as part of the crew from Carpenters Local 30.
East Link
Concractors got to work across all 14 miles of the new East Link light rail extension connecting Seattle with Mercer Island, Bellevue, Overlake and Redmond in 2017, including starting the complex work to prepare the I-90 floating bridge center lanes for light rail.
Get an up-close look at the inside of the floating bridge and an explanation of the work from Sepehr Sobhani, the construction manager for the floating bridge work.
In October Popular Science Magazine named the the technology behind running trains across a floating bridge as one of the most important engineering innovations of 2017! Check out the quick video explaining how we'll retrofit the bridge for light rail trains to run in 2023.
Some of the most dramatic East Link construction happened underneath downtown Bellevue as miners dug more than half of the new 2,000' light rail tunnel. There is still a lot of work to happen underground, but you have to dig the hole before you can pour the concrete.
Here's a great time-lapse video showing how the tunnel is being mined with specialized methods for tunnels of this size.
It is incredible work to see up close and makes a person appreciate a nice warm office in December.
Thank you to everyone who had hand in building these new light rail lines in 2017. We hope the generations who will use them over the coming decades remember the people who built them by hand.
If you enjoy reading stories like this, subscribe to receive updates every time we publish a new one.
Back to The Platform >>
You'll soon be able to use your iPhone to pay at Target stores, but not in the form of Apple Pay.
Target is developing its own in-store mobile payments system this year, the company's Chief Information and Digital Officer Michael McNamara told Recode. Target confirmed that its iOS apps will soon include the capability to pay with smartphones, but it won't be adopting Apple Pay for in-store checkout.
The retailer has a flagship app (iTunes link) for online shopping, as well as a Cartwheel app (iTunes link) that lets customers utilize digital coupons during checkout. Target declined to confirm which app, or if both, would be integrating its own mobile pay system. Initially, Target's own system will be available only to customers who have a REDCard, the retailer's debit and credit cards for savings and free shipping.
Target's main app currently lets you use Apple Pay for online shopping, but the retailer has refused to adopt Apple Pay in-stores.
The impact on you: According to TechCrunch, 27 million Target shoppers have installed the Cartwheel app, so it seems to be the logical choice for integrating mobile payments. The iOS app already lets customers use a barcode during checkout to apply coupons. Target could easily let these customers add their REDCard information to this app so they can pay using their iPhone.
This means that Target shoppers will have to install an additional app to be able to use mobile payments. Besides, using an in-app barcode to checkout won't always as fast, convenient, or efficient as using Apple Pay.
133 SHARES Share Tweet
How absolutely precious is this — The Office's Rainn Wilson posted this audition sign-in sheet on his Facebook page yesterday.
Rainn explains: “This is the original sign-in sheet for the first day of casting for The Office given to me by Allison Jones, our incredible casting agent. I was the very first person to audition for the series, 11/06/03. Notice all the amazing talent on the sheet, including the amazing #13! This is perhaps the greatest Office keepsake I have. So grateful for the best job I will ever have.”
The cast hopefuls included Adam Scott (“Ben” in ‘Parks and Recreation'), Mary Lynn Rajskub (“Chloe” in '24'), Ever Carradine (“Erika” in '24'), Hamish Linklater (‘Matthew' in “The New Adventures of Old Christine”), Ben Falcone (Melissa McCarthy's real-life husband and her love interest in “Bridesmaids”), Alan Tudyk (“Noah” in ‘Suburgatory'), Matt Besser (a founder of the Upright Citizens Brigade), Matt Price (“Evan” in The Office Season 3 episode, ‘The Convention'), Jarrett Grode (“Perry” in ‘Undeclared'), Bill Chott (Second City), and Ann Dudek (“Amber” in ‘House').
And, of course, Rainn Wilson and Jenna Fischer. :)
Ms Bishop described the GP co-payment plan, which was proposed to the Commission of Audit by Tony Abbott's former health adviser Terry Barnes, as "scaremongering on Labor's part". There has been no GP fee proposal to cabinet says Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop. Credit:Getty "I'm in the cabinet," Ms Bishop said. "This has never been proposed. This is not before the cabinet. "It was a submission made to the Commission of Audit by an entity … We have no plan for co-payments". The idea that the Coalition supported the co-payments plan was "nonsense," Ms Bishop added. Nonsense that Labor had "mischievously, dishonestly, attribute[d] to the government".
The Foreign Affairs Minister was speaking in Brisbane on Wednesday, where she is campaigning for the Liberal National Party candidate Bill Glasson, who is running in the by-election for Kevin Rudd's former seat of Griffith. Labor has been attacking Dr Glasson in the campaign for his apparent support for the GP fee proposal, but the former Australian Medical Association president also retreated from the contentious idea. "I've made it very clear that there is no plan, no plan, by the current Coalition government to introduce a co-payment on Medicare or on bulk billing," Dr Glasson said. To emphasise his opposition to the proposal, Dr Glasson added that Labor was the only party that had introduced a co-payment on bulk billing. "They have the history, we don't," he said.
In early January, Dr Glasson had said the GP fee proposal was worth considering. But even then he indicated he had concerns that the policy could increase pressure on public hospitals because patients might avoid seeing their GP and end up in already-crowded emergency departments. Ms Bishop's comments are stronger than those made previously by the Health Minister, Peter Dutton. Asked about the GP fee proposal in late December, Mr Dutton told Fairfax Media he would consider "any recommendations" made by the Commission of Audit, adding that the government needed to ensure the health system was sustainable. Meanwhile, the Liberal MP for Gilmore, Ann Sudmalis, appears to have lent support to the $6 fee for GP visits. “I think some people will say well that's too hard," Ms Sudmalis told WIN News on Tuesday.
"But basically pretty much that's a cup of coffee if you go out these days, a little bit more. "That's not a lot of money to make sure you're covered off with health.” With Dan Harrison Follow us on Twitter
For the past four years, infidelity-based matchmaking site AshleyMadison.com has seen an influx of married women signing up for its services on one particular Monday each year -- the day after Mother's Day.
According to the site's founder, Noel Biderman, more married women join the site on that day than on any other day of the year -- and that doesn't surprise him. "If that day comes to pass, and once again what [women] experience is a lack of appreciation, affection and respect, that is when the idea of taking on a potential lover takes full form," Biderman said.
While Mother's Day might not have the romance factor of Valentine's Day or a wedding anniversary, Biderman said he thinks the holiday compels women to reflect on how their husbands treat them as mothers and analyze whether their efforts are appreciated.
"I think Mother's Day embraces more of what the image of a complete ‘wife' is in most couples' minds," he said. "It includes family and extended family, and for many, that further highlights potential marital dysfunction."
Of course, the women who sign up for Ashley Madison's services don't necessarily represent how all married women feel about –- or react to -- being slighted by their husbands on Mother's Day. But the site's increased registrations might reflect a bigger marital issue.
Annette*, 36, said that her husband's lack of acknowledgement has caused her to dread Mother's Day. "I worry that I'm a bad mother because my husband does not praise me or thank me," she said in an email to The Huffington Post. "I know Mother's Day is a day to honor my mom and to be honored by my children, but after 11 years of marriage, eight of those as a mom, I long to hear affirmation from the father of my children."
Her situation is not atypical, she said, at least among the women she knows. "I have yet to meet a woman who is treated like a queen by her husband on Mother's Day," she said.
Another mother and wife, Pat Barone, 56, said that her husband no longer celebrates the holiday at all, but even when he did, her own efforts as a mother were often overlooked. "When his mother was alive, it was about her. Their whole Italian family would get together around grandma, without much mention of me," she said in an email. "Later, when we moved away from the area where the in-laws live, Mother's Day just dropped off the calendar."
When told about Biderman's claim about Mother's Day, Annette and Pat said they weren't surprised.
Annette said that that she understands why a woman might seek attention from another man after being overlooked on the holiday. "When [husbands] do not acknowledge our contributions to the home on Mother's Day -- the only day of the year designed just for mom -- we feel slighted, angry, disappointed and jealous," she said. "Maybe someone else will appreciate our efforts."
Pat, who works as a personal weight loss coach, notes that it may be harder for women to brush off being ignored on Mother's Day than on Valentine's Day. "[Women] may say, ‘OK, I get that he's not romantic, but he doesn't even appreciate what I do for his kids?' And that's too much for them to accept," she said. "After all, being a parent is a huge 24/7 responsibility and, in spite of many changes in this area, moms still do a larger percentage of the work."
Christina Steinorth, a licensed psychotherapist from Santa Barbara, Calif., and author of the forthcoming book "Cue Cards for Life: Thoughtful Tips for Better Relationships," has worked with women who, like Annette and Pat, aren't celebrated by their husbands on Mother's Day. She said she believes this can lead to resentment.
"When men don't celebrate Mother's Day with their wives and mothers of their children, it sends the message of ‘Hey, you're not that important,'" she said. "The women who I have worked with in my private practice, who have had something like this happen, have expressed feelings of ‘just being an incubator' for their husband's children."
But the lack of appreciation that these women feel is often part of a marital problem that goes beyond the holiday. "How to treat a holiday is subjective and it's different for each person, but if you care about your wife, you do whatever it is that makes her feel valued," said divorce lawyer Laurie Puhn, author of "Fight Less, Love More: 5-Minute Conversations to Change Your Relationship without Blowing Up or Giving In." "If a man ignores Mother's Day, generally he isn't showing appreciation on a daily basis."
She said that this simple act of not showing gratitude leads many couples into her office to contemplate divorce.
"People come up with absurd reasons to deprive their spouse of appreciation," Puhn said. "The thought is, ‘She's supposed to pick the kids up from school, so why would I thank her for doing that?' or 'He's supposed to pick up items from the store on the way home, why would I thank him for doing that?' Mothers' Day is a highlighted example of being ignored for a job that he thinks you're supposed to do.
"That attitude breaks down the trust, compassion, intimacy and respect in a marriage. Over the long run, it eats away at the connection."
She explained that, although people are often overjoyed when someone meets their expectations during the dating phase of the relationship, couples become desensitized over time to the things their partners do right. "What we come to expect, we come to neglect. That's human nature," she said.
Disregarding a spouse's contributions to a relationship may be especially hurtful after children enter the picture, Puhn said, because children don't always show their appreciation for parenting skills. A spouse is then the only other person to bear witness to a parent's efforts.
Puhn said husbands just need to use their words on Mother's Day. "Write a heartfelt note: 'I love you and you are a fantastic mother because ...' and then finish the sentence with something thoughtful," she advises. "Words cost nothing. But their power is immense. Every single couple will [fall out of love] unless they're conscious of the power of their words."
She also warns husbands to pay attention to the post-Mother's Day sign-up rate touted by AshleyMadison.com. "If you're not [your wife's] cheerleader, she will find someone who will cheerlead for her," she said. "You have to compliment and appreciate your spouse. And if you don't do that, then there's a job opening."
Deeply influenced by a childhood spent growing up on Long Beach in Sag Harbor, N.Y., artist Grant Haffner tries to capture the color and feeling of sunsets burnt into his memories. Haffner works primarily with a mixture of acrylic, marker, pencil and paint pen on wood panels to create vibrant neon depictions of Long Island landscapes from the viewpoint of roadways punctuated with power lines. He shares about his paintings:
The East End of Long Island has been my home for most of my life. I spent many years exploring the trails through the woods, cruising the quiet country roads, and hanging out on the beaches. My childhood here, surrounded by nature and water, was an experience that I cherish. Now that I am older, I can see how the landscape is changing and am reminded that it will never be the same. Hopefully, my paintings will capture the memory of that landscape before it fades.
Haffner is represented by Damien A. Roman Fine Art where you can see more of his recent work. (via My Modern Met)
One of the top five reasons parents listed for not getting the HPV vaccine for their son or daughter was that it hadn't been recommended to them by the doctor or nurse.
"We think that parents who aren't planning to vaccinate lack knowledge and didn't hear a clinician recommendation. We don't think it's an issue of politics," Schuchat said, referring to the fact that HPV is sexually transmitted, and prevention of illnesses so transmitted is, you know, a matter for political debate.
That's not to say that doctors aren't bringing up the vaccine. Oklahoma pediatrician Paul Darden wrote in the journal Pediatrics recently, "Despite doctors increasingly recommending adolescent vaccines, parents increasingly intend not to vaccinate female teens with [the] HPV [vaccine]."
It's not uncommon for practitioners to recommend vaccines against diphtheria and meningitis, and then to "initiate a conversation" about the HPV vaccination.
"We think it's a much better way to say, 'Today there are three recommended vaccines: meningitis, Tdap and HPV,'" Schuchat said. "Really mainstreaming the recommendation for HPV together with the other two recommended vaccines; we think that is a very clear way to send a strong recommendation and it's easy for parents to understand."
The optimal time for boys and girls to receive the vaccine is at age 11 or 12, when studies have shown that their bodies produce the strongest antibody response. "When people say let's talk about it, let's wait and we can do it later," Schuchat said, "so often teens are never back in the office; and you really don't know when they'll be exposed to the virus in their later years."
Of the 14 million new HPV infections in the U.S. every year, most happen in peoples' teens and 20s.
Safety was not among parents' top concerns, and the preponderance of evidence does not suggest any kind of health risk associated with the HPV vaccine, Schuchat added.
Of note, teenagers do sometimes faint after HPV vaccination. "We think it's really important for the teens, the parents, and the clinicians," Schuchat said, "to observe them for 15 minutes or so after vaccine is given because kids are just running off and sometimes pass out. There was actually even a death from someone who fainted shortly after getting one of these vaccines and was in a car accident. So we think it's important to not jump off the table and run off and go about your business, but to actually rest for 15 minutes."
In recent years, the cost of the vaccine has been a significant barrier. But the HPV, Tdap, and the meningitis vaccines are all now part of the Vaccines for Children program, which provides free vaccines to uninsured people. The HPV vaccine should also be covered by most recently-updated insurance plans.
"The results we are reporting today are disappointing," Schuchat said. "We don't really have a big news story on teen vaccination results today. But no news is bad news for cancer prevention."
Office for iPad: A Sheep in Wolf's Clothing
Reading Time: 5 minutes
Microsoft finally appears ready to launch a version of Office for iPad. A wolf among the sheep? Or a sheep in wolf's clothing?
Plan A: Ignore The iPad
REALITY
The iPad goes on sale, April 2010.
MICROSOFT'S REASONING
There is nothing to fear from the iPad.
It's not like I sit there and feel the same way I did with iPhone, where I say, ‘Oh my God, Microsoft didn't aim high enough.' It's a nice reader, but there's nothing on the iPad I look at and say, ‘Oh, I wish Microsoft had done it. ~ Bill Gates
The iPad doesn't even run Office.
Without Office, there would be darkness and chaos.
Stay calm and carry on.
Never underestimate our ability to ignore the obvious. ~ Po Bronson
All will be well.
Cheer up, the worst is yet to come. ~ Philander Johnson
Plan B: The Surface
REALITY
Okay, okay, that iPad thingie is selling pretty well.
Nothing is more humiliating than to see idiots succeed in enterprises we have failed in. ~ Gustave Flaubert
MICROSOFT'S REASONING
We need our own tablet alternative.
Change is not made without inconvenience, even from worse to better. ~ Richard Hooker
The iPad is just a toy.
Microsoft is very clever but sometimes they let their brains go to their head.
Apple has sold millions upon millions of iPads, but clearly they're doing it all wrong. What people REALLY want is a tablet that runs like a desktop and a desktop that runs like a tablet. The two operating systems shouldn't be separate, they should run side-by-side!
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. ~ Robert Frost
What people REALLY want is a 2-in-1 computer that can run Windows and do “real work.”
A patient was at her doctor's office after undergoing a complete physical exam. The doctor said, “I have some very grave news for you. You only have six months to live.” The patient asked, “Oh doctor, what should I do?” The doctor replied, “Buy a Microsoft Surface Computer with Office.” “Will that make me live longer?” asked the patient. “No,” said the doctor, “but it will SEEM longer.”
We'll throw in Microsoft Office too. That will make up for the one million missing applications.
It is what we think we know already that often prevents us from learning. ~ Claude Bernard
Plan C: Office For iPhone
REALITY
Surface sales seriously suck.
MICROSOFT'S REASONING
I don't get it. If customer's can't live without Office, then why aren't they dead?
If brains were gas, you wouldn't have enough to power a scooter around the inside of a Froot Loop.
I know! Customer's DO want Office but they also want iPads.
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be. ~ Jack Welch
The Surface is the problem. No, BALLMER is the problem! Cut Windows loose from Surface. Cut Ballmer loose from Microsoft!
If you can talk brilliantly about a problem, it can create the consoling illusion that it has been mastered. ~ Stanley Kubrick
Let's start by selling Office for iPhone!
I spent a month using Office for iPhone — I think it was on a Sunday. ((Inspired by W. C. Fields))
Great, now everything will be okeedokee.
Apparently, if you stay in Redmond, you lose two points of IQ every year. ((Inspired by Truman Capote))
Plan D: Office For iPad
REALITY
No one gave a damn about Office on the iPhone. Or even noticed it.
Most people wanted to ignore Office for iPhone because Office for iPhone ignored what most people wanted.
MICROSOFT'S REASONING
OK, we've wasted four long years not selling Office for iPad.
A lion walks into a bar and says, “I'd like a whisky and . . . a packet of peanuts, please.” The bartender replies, “Why the big pause?”
The Office for iPhone thing didn't work out quite the way we planned, but what people REALLY, REALLY, REALLY want is Office, but they want it on the iPad.
Dope springs eternal.
Some analysts estimate that since 30% of Mac users own office, as many as 30% of iPad users will buy Office too.
I don't know what you're on but it can't be legal.
It won't help sell Surface tablets, but it will make a lot of money. How much money?
“The day they introduce Office for iOS and Android, they'll start printing money.” ~ Bob O'Donnell, then an analyst with IDC
Plan E: Everything Could Go Wrong
Normally, I like to make my predictions after the fact. I find it improves my accuracy. But I'm going to go out on a limb and predict Office for iPad will be a great big nothing. It has too many things working against it.
There is no question Office is good at what it's good at. But is that good enough?
The main reason Office sold as well as it did was because it held a monopoly on Windows PCs. This has caused Microsoft to vastly overestimate its popularity. Here's how Microsoft pictures its Office Suite:
Here's how business users picture Microsoft's Office Suite:
Here's how consumers picture Microsoft's Office Suite:
There are plenty of free Office Suites available. There are over 100,000 apps that have unbundled the various functions that Office performs. Tablet software has been commoditized. Who wants to pay for Office when there's plenty of cheaper, “good enough” alternatives available? The wildly successful adoption of the iPad strongly suggests that iPad users don't need Office. iPad is doing well in the Enterprise without Office. Tablets are all about simplicity. Office is all about complexity. How's that gonna work? A touch input interface is a whole different animal than a mouse input interface. John Gruber says that he's heard that Office for iPad is the real deal. I'll remain skeptical until I see it. Why? Because I believe that the better the touch interface will be, the less Office-like the product will be and the more Office-like the product will be, the less touch enabled it will be. We'll see soon enough. The real threats come from use cases where one doesn't need to be using Office at all.
It's far too late. The Windows for iPad ship has sailed.
“If only.” They must be the two saddest words in the world. ~ Mercedes Lackey
Plan F: The Future
Life is like an onion; you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep. ~ Carl Sandburg
Even if Office for iPad utterly fails, it is still a pivotal event for Microsoft.
There is always a comforting thought in time of trouble when it is not our trouble ~ Marquis
The fact that Microsoft is moving Office to the iPad, combined with the fact Microsoft is moving Office to the iPad even before it brings out a touch-optimized version of Office for the Surface, is a very strong signal that things are changing at Microsoft.
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity. Another man's, I mean. ~ Mark Twain
It's too soon to know in which direction Microsoft is headed, but it's not too soon to know they are changing direction.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. ~ George Bernard Shaw
And since Microsoft was definitely headed in the wrong direction before, this change gives one hope.
Konstantinos "Dino" Stamatopoulos (born December 14, 1964)[1] is an American writer, producer, and actor. He has worked on TV programs such as Mr. Show, TV Funhouse, Mad TV, The Dana Carvey Show, Late Show with David Letterman, and Late Night with Conan O'Brien. He has also created multiple animated TV shows such as Moral Orel, Mary Shelley's Frankenhole, and High School USA!. As an actor, he is best known for his recurring role as the character Alex "Star-Burns" Osbourne on the NBC comedy series Community, on which he also worked as a producer and consulting writer.
Early life [ edit ]
Stamatopoulos was born into a Greek-American family in Norridge, Illinois.[1] He attended Ridgewood High School in Norridge,[2] where he wrote for his school variety show and was astounded that he could get laughs with the material he had written. While attending Columbia College Chicago, he performed a duo act with comedian Andy Dick, in which Stamatopoulos played a ventriloquist and Dick played a dummy under the influence of sleeping pills.[citation needed]
Career [ edit ]
Stamatopoulos had written a spec script for a Simpsons episode out of love for the show, and Andy Dick convinced him to submit it to The Ben Stiller Show, which got him hired. He met and worked with Bob Odenkirk. After Stiller's show was canceled, he moved to New York City, where he wrote during the 1990s for The Dana Carvey Show, Late Night with Conan O'Brien (also with Odenkirk), Late Show with David Letterman, and Mr. Show with Bob and David.
In 2000 Stamatopoulos and Robert Smigel pitched Comedy Central a spin-off of Smigel's TV Funhouse cartoons (which were appearing singly as animated shorts on Saturday Night Live episodes) as a half-hour sketch comedy show. The standalone TV Funhouse show premiered in 2000 but was canceled after one season. He later joined the writing staff on Mad TV.
Stamatopoulos worked as a creative consultant and contributing writer on the first season of Tom Goes to the Mayor, with Tim & Eric and Bob Odenkirk. He also provided the voice of Drinky Crow on The Drinky Crow Show, which aired for one season on Adult Swim. His stop motion animated series Moral Orel premiered on Adult Swim on Christmas 2005 and aired for three seasons, airing its final episode in December 2008; a follow-up special aired in 2012. Following Moral Orel, Stamatopoulos created Mary Shelley's Frankenhole, a stop motion series, for Adult Swim. It ran for two seasons from 2010 to 2012.[3]
Stamatopoulos was a writer and producer on the NBC sitcom Community. He also played the recurring role of Alex "Star-Burns" Osbourne, a character whose nickname derived from his large star-shaped sideburns and his tendency to define himself by them.
A long-time fan of radio personality Steve Dahl, Stamatopoulos hosted a podcast, Sorry About Everything, from May 2012 until June 2013 on Dahl's Steve Dahl Network.[4]
Stamatopoulos and friend Andy Dick hosted a weekly podcast, Dino and Andy's Skull Juice, premiering in late 2016 and initially produced by Feral Audio.[5] Due to an on-air incident of hostility in mid-2018, Dick was asked to leave the podcast[citation needed]. Stamatopoulos asked friend and recurring guest Dana Snyder to replace Dick as co-host, and the podcast was renamed Dino & Dana's Safe Space. Additional co-hosts Laetitia "Tish" Burns and Spencer Crittenden were also given billing in the podcast.[6]
Personal life [ edit ]
Stamatopoulos was married and has one daughter.[2] He is a vocalist and guitarist in a rock band called Sorry About Everything.
Selected filmography [ edit ]
By Alex Fradera
Imagine it: you're happily surfing through your social media feeds – or what we nowadays call your filter bubble – when some unexpected perspectives somehow manage to penetrate. After you “like” the latest critique of police power, for instance, you come across an article arguing that cracking down on crime can benefit minority neighborhoods. Or, elbowing its way into a crowd of articles celebrating trickle-down economics, you encounter a study showing higher taxes boost growth. What happens next? In new research in Contemporary Educational Psychology, Gregory Trevors and his colleagues looked at how reading conflicting information can push our emotional buttons, and lead us either towards resistance or a chance to learn.
Nearly three hundred students from various Canadian and American universities first indicated their “epistemic beliefs” – that is, their beliefs about how knowledge comes about, such as whether facts are eternal or open to question. Next they read a series of texts on climate change, ordered in a way to maximize dissonance. To begin, an article emphasised anthropogenic change due to human-produced climate gases. To follow, an article emphasised how climate change has been greatly shaped by astronomical causes beyond our control. This “natural cycles” take was then upended by an article on catastrophic consequences of the current climate trend, and then one final switcheroo – a description of how rising temperatures will produce some global opportunities.
After each article, the participants indicated how strongly they felt emotions like frustration, confusion or surprise. At the end, each participant had to synthesise what they had got out of the texts by writing a short summary, which was analysed by text-matching algorithms and human judges to see when participants were prepared to integrate controversial texts, and when they preferred to stick to a simple narrative.
Different beliefs about knowledge led to different emotional reactions, and to different ways of handling the text. For example, for readers who said they believed you can't verify knowledge based on gut feelings, but need to contrast and compare across many sources, the jarring text on astronomical causes of climate change led to greater feelings of surprise and curiosity. In turn, these feelings appeared to motivate them to take in this new information as shown by the way their summaries acknowledged multiple viewpoints.
Meanwhile, the participants who endorsed the idea that knowledge comes to us as food does to baby birds, offered by an authority figure for our easy digestion, felt confused when faced with the prospect of multiple authorities. Confusion makes it harder to take in and remember information, and this appeared to take place here, as these participants' summaries turned out to be more monotone and lacked reference to the controversial information.
Not every belief turned out to have the expected effect – in particular, believing that knowledge is certain, led participants to experience less surprise, not more, when confronted with contradictions. The researchers speculated that perhaps these participants simply hadn't engaged with the text enough to take in its implications.
Although we shouldn't allow our models of the world to be battered around by every spurious claim, the intelligent approach is to acknowledge credibly sourced evidenced-based arguments – especially those that dissent from the dominant narrative. This research shows us how this process can be obstructed by how we feel, and suggests two solutions for educators and influencers. The first is to anticipate the likely reactions to this specific argument: consider where and how your audience might be disengaging due to their emotional feelings and shape your message to redress this. The second is to try to shift how people actually think about knowledge itself, by referencing the robust evidence underlying your claims, linking to counter-evidence and explicitly weighing different sources. You won't always win minds on the specific argument, but you might open minds, to the benefit of all the conversations to come.
— Exploring the relations between epistemic beliefs, emotions, and learning from texts
Alex Fradera (@alexfradera) is Contributing Writer at BPS Research Digest
Holy Communion bread must not be gluten-free, the Vatican has ruled. In a letter to bishops worldwide, Cardinal Robert Sarah ruled the unleavened bread can be made with genetically modified organisms, but cannot be entirely gluten-free.
Holy Communion bread must not be gluten-free, the Vatican has ruled. In a letter to bishops worldwide, Cardinal Robert Sarah ruled the unleavened bread can be made with genetically modified organisms, but cannot be entirely gluten-free.
However, the Coeliac Society of Ireland has moved to reassure its members that low-gluten holy bread is safe to take – following the new guidelines by the Church.
CEO Fergal O'Sullivan told the Irish Independent that a letter sent by the Vatican this weekend detailing permitted ingredients of the host bread was merely a clarification from the Church.
The move came because the bread is now easily purchased in supermarkets and online, according to the cardinal.
“Hosts that are completely gluten-free are invalid matter for the celebration of the Eucharist.
“Low-gluten hosts (partially gluten-free) are valid matter, provided they contain a sufficient amount of gluten to obtain the confection of bread without the addition of foreign materials and without the use of procedures that would alter the nature of bread,” the cardinal said.
Mr O'Sullivan said the move came after some companies were using rice or corn as a host as opposed to wheat, though he insisted this was not an issue in Ireland.
“The issuing of the clarification seems in the main to have been a restatement of the Church's requirement that host is made only from wheat, as there were some companies [not in Ireland] that were manufacturing hosts with rice, corn or gluten-free wheat starch with additives, none of which are acceptable,” Mr O'Sullivan said.
“According to the Vatican, to be a valid host, sufficient gluten must be present to bring about confection of the bread,” he added.
Mr O'Sullivan said his society has been inundated with calls from members over the development, but explained that despite Communion bread not being entirely gluten-free, it will be at a low enough level that it is safe for Coeliacs.
“Hosts with this sufficient level of gluten can be deemed gluten-free by the agreed international standard when they contain less than 20 parts per million,” he said.
“The Catholic Church, however, refer to these as ‘low gluten', which has a different meaning for those who need to follow a gluten-free diet for medical reasons,” he added.
Despite the reassurances, low-gluten Communion bread is not available in churches nationwide, with altar wine the other option for those with gluten intolerances.
Online Editors
China's leading lesbian app Rela (热拉) was shut down last week following a viral incident at Shanghai's marriage market in People's Park in which a group of mothers of LGBT children were kicked out by police while trying to raise awareness for gay rights.
Last week, the Shanghai-based app's users were shocked to find that Rela's official Weibo account had been deleted, along with its website. The app is no longer available on the Apple or Android app stores where it counted over 5 million registered users. Existing users are no longer able to log into their accounts.
After discovering this fact, users took to Weibo to protest the app's abrupt removal. While it is not certain what led to the app's deletion, many have pointed to Rela's participation in a recent awareness event gone awry at Shanghai's popular “marriage market” in People's Park.
To mark “5/20” (Lover's Day in China), a group of mothers of LGBT children gatecrashed the weekly event where elderly parents search for a suitable partner for their still unwed sons and daughters. Rela was one of the groups that helped to organize the expedition, which ended abruptly when the moms were kicked out of the park by security for failing to register their “advertising event” after other parents raised a ruckus.
Formerly called “The L,” the app was founded in 2012 in Shanghai as a way to help gay women in China connect with one another and stay connected to the larger LGBT community. In 2015, Tech in Asia described it as more than just an social media app, but also as a “portal for movies, literature, and other resources, ranging from event information for lectures on LGBTQ topics to contact details for overseas marriage services.”
At the same time that Rela was being shut down in the mainland last week, Taiwan's top constitutional court was ruling in favor of same-sex marriage, putting Taiwan on the path to becoming the first in Asia to achieve marriage equality, a troubling comparison that some gay rights supporters couldn't help but make on Weibo.
Rela is not the first app catering to China's LGBT community to be shut down without warning. Back in April, Zank, one of two leading gay apps in China, was also deleted after being in operation for only four years. It is not clear what triggered the app's removal, but Zank was at least less unfortunate than Rela in that they still had their Weibo account and were able to post this announcement, informing their users about what had occurred.
Meanwhile, Rela's shut down also comes just as Beijing Kunlun Tech, a Chinese gaming company, has decided to buy up all of Grindr, the world's most popular gay dating app, in a move aimed at turning Beijing Kunlun into a global company.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Rela's Wechat official account had been removed.
On Thursday morning, nearly 1,000 police officers raided Pan Tu village, part of the Xiamen area in Fujian province. Villagers had been staging a sit in for over a month in protest of land seizures to build a 36-hole golf course.
The sit in, which began on March 17, was abruptly ended early on Thursday morning as thousands of police officers forcefully cleared the scene, destroying tents, pulling down banners, and injuring a number of villagers, including a 70 year old man who is reportedly in a critical condition.
According to reports on Weibo (all censored but available through FreeWeibo) villagers then gathered to confront local government and police officials. During the ensuing scuffle, a local party boss, Tongan District Party Committee Secretary Chen Chen, was stripped naked, reportedly at the hands of a group of grannies.
Images via Weibo:
Researchers from MIT and the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, in Switzerland, have created a new type of anonymity network, which they claim fixes some of Tor's weak spots.
Called Riffle, their network works similarly to TOR but is hardened against situations when malicious actors introduce rogue servers on the network, a technique known as Sybil attack, to which Tor is vulnerable.
To fend off these types of attacks, researchers made some changes to how Tor's basic principles function and created a new anonymity network from scratch.
Riffle uses Tor's Onion protocol
First and foremost, Riffle uses a unique system for shuffling messages around while transiting through servers. If packet A, B, C enter a Riffle server, they will be delayed and shuffled in a random order, and then sent out in a completely different order (for example, C, A, B).
A threat actor tracking the path of the message will not be able to guess when and which packet that has entered a Riffle node is set to leave.
Riffle does not completely overhaul how Tor works because it still uses the groundbreaking Onion protocol to encrypt its messages with different levels of encryption, which are peeled off by every server through which the message travels. So an attacker will still have to break several layers of encryption to reach Riffle content.
Riffle uses a two-phase authentication system
For Sybil attacks, Riffle uses a technique called "verifiable shuffle," which works on top of the Onion protocol.
"[T]he encryption can be done in such a way that the server can generate a mathematical proof that the messages it sends are valid manipulations of the ones it receives," MIT explains.
This is done by sending the first message of a communication channel to all servers on the Riffle network. This message is used to establish secure connections to all servers along a message's path.
After the first message, the rest of the communication channel uses a less CPU-intensive authentication and encryption system that is still secure enough and also provides better speeds for data transfers, when compared to Tor.
New Riffle network is faster than Tor
Researchers say that file transfers required one-tenth of the time as compared to other anonymity networks.
Previous efforts to create a better anonymity network included projects such as HORNET or MIT's Vuvuzela. While HORNET was ready for testing and its creators were bragging about being faster and more secure than Tor as well, Vuvuzela was nowhere near a production-ready state.
More details about Riffle will be presented at the Privacy Enhancing Technologies Symposium in July, in Darmstadt, Germany.
View more videos at: http://nbcmiami.com.
After hopping one too many fences, a teen running from police in Florida met a neighbor willing to help him hide out. At least that's what he thought.
On Monday just before noon, an off-duty officer standing in front of his home in Opa Locka, near Miami, noticed a teen running around his block.
"He stopped, put his hands on his legs, trying to catch his breath. He says, 'I'm running from the police. Can you help me?'" the officer told NBC 6. The homeowner is a Miami-Dade Schools' detective, who did not want to be identified.
"Sure I can help you." he answered.
The teen hopped the fence and walked right into the friendly man's home. He jumped right onto the leather couch but failed to notice his surroundings. There are several pictures of the homeowner in uniform, and a police radio on the table. None the wiser, the teen started spilling the beans, telling the officer he had pushed his foster mother.
"But he didn't push her, he beat her and then he ran," said the officer.
In fact, according to an Opa Locka police report, his victim was 61 years old. She was found covered in blood. Her left eye was swollen shut.
More from NBCMiami.com
Once inside the officer's home, the teenager got even more comfortable. He took off his shirt and wiped the sweat off his face. He was so relaxed, he didn't pick up on the fact that the officer had been on the phone with one of his colleagues who work for the Miami-Dade Police Department.
The homeowner spoke in police jargon to get authorities to the house.
When the teen saw patrol cars in the front yard he asked the homeowner, "What are we going to do?"
"I don't know what we're going to do, but you're going to jail," the officer told him.
Calmly, police cuffed and escorted the teen into an Opa Locka patrol car.
The teen's identity was not being revealed by police because he is a minor. He was charged with aggravated battery and was being held at the Department of Juvenile Justice. The Department of Children and Families was also investigating.
Artificially intelligent humanoid sexual partners are now commercially available. And indeed, I have often wondered if I myself am in fact one such “sex robot”. My lovers always disengage from me in silently satisfied wonder, and rarely request second encounters, having had their expectations soul-shatteringly exceeded, their sexual futures rendered endlessly disappointing. I'm joking of course! I have been married for 12 years. There is nothing to see here.
But once, as a young adventurer, I crossed America by bus, arriving in Seattle in September 1994, three years after Peak Grunge, just in time to see the genre winding down with a local band called Peach, at the Crocodile Cafe. The ATM ran dry that night and a scenester at the bar bailed me out with the offer of his sofa. He seemed normal enough by the standards of the day – beanie hat, goatee beard, and pierced nipples poking through a T-shirt bearing the legend Public Castration Is a Good Idea.
To say that Matt's apartment was a surprise would be an understatement. The walls were lined not with Tad and Mudhoney posters, but with the suspended forms of life-sized naked female dolls, of troubling anatomical accuracy, that he had made himself. “Don't worry,” Matt said, “I'm not crazy or weird. I hope one day to make these dolls into artificially intelligent sex robots. Imagine having your own erotic mechanical slaves! Nachos?”
Last month, I saw Matt for the first time in 23 years, this time in a Guardian feature about the ethical dilemmas created by a newly available luxury product he had developed: lifesize, artificially intelligent sex robots. Then suddenly, events here at home made me realise I needed to speak to Matt McMutton again, and not as a potential customer!
The race to build the world's first sex robot Read more
Last week Sarah Vine, who is married to Michael Gove, opened the scab-encrusted blowhole of her Daily Mail column once more, this time comparing Brigitte Macron, the wife of the new French president, who he met when he was her 15-year-old drama pupil, to the alleged child rapist Roman Polanski, and suggesting, not entirely unreasonably, that had the couple's roles been reversed their marriage would seem “grotesque”.
But Sarah Vine is married to Michael Gove. And Michael Gove is, in turn, married to Sarah Vine. And the thought of either of them being married to anyone, let alone each other, is also grotesque, despite Vine being an acceptable four months her adopted husband's senior.
And, uniquely, the notion of the Goves' union remains equally grotesque, even when their ages are reversed to be more in line with those of a normal partnership. The image of a cluster of toads spawning in a dewpond is more pleasing to the mind's eye, for unlike the dissembling Goves, the assembling toads are merely following their own natures, in accordance with the watchmaker's perfect mechanism, amphibian messengers of Christ's majesty eternal.
Of course I appreciate that the previous four sentences are unpleasant. They are deliberately so, as a mirror image of the Vine sensibility that inspired them. The cultural theorist James Naughtie explained to me on the Today programme, while screwing up his stupid red face like a baboon eating a thistle, that an earlier column of mine about the Goves and their ilk was “poisonous”. But to say a column about the Goves is poisonous is unnecessary, like saying that a slow-motion film of a cat vomiting is nauseating.
It is foolish of politicians and their guff-trumpets – and this is what Vine is here – to score points off their rivals' choice of spouse, especially if you are Sarah Vine. And it is even more foolish to do so when Theresa May parades her husband Philip before the cameras of The One Show. The poor banker came across not as strong and stable, but like a tortured hostage forced at gunpoint to tell the people at home how kindly he is being treated.
Eighty-two kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls are free! But when will Philip May be free? And will he have any strong hope of readjusting to a stable life, where he is spared the endless repetition of the words “strong” and “stable”?
And why is Theresa May's lower jaw permanently locked into the same sort of jutting/munching shape Eric Morecambe's made when theatrically sucking a pipe? She has no pipe. How will Mrs May's imaginary pipe face play with the Europeans? They will say, “Ceci n'est pas une pipe.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Illustration by David Foldvari. Illustration: David Foldvari
I am no international trade negotiator (who is?), but can it be prudent, as we enter into talks with a newly united EU, determined to reaffirm its enlightenment values, for Sarah Vine, one of our chief Brexiters, and the spouse of a former cabinet member, to compare the French president's wife to an alleged child rapist? How will this affect barista visas, roaming mobile phone charges, and the future dimensions of Toblerones?
However offensive the French first couple's relationship, it at least seemed genuine. But, to me, there was a strange haunted empty quality to both Michael Gove and Philip May, the latter having vouchsafed to The One Show that he “quite liked ties although I'm not wearing one this evening”. This indefinable absence of the flame of being makes the idea of a relationship involving either Mr Gove or Mr May oddly implausible.
Troubled by a mysterious worry, on Thursday I called Matt. “The project stalled soon after we met,” he recalled, “It was initially too difficult to replicate the unpredictable workings of the complex female brain. But men's brains were easy. They just thought about sports and neckties, so I turned out a couple of male dolls as practice. I only make the female dolls now, but for a few months in the mid-90s I had a small client list of successful rich women who wanted compliant partners. They didn't mind if their sex robots had no real personality to speak of, as long as they'd take out the trash and eat the occasional tuna taco way down south in Dixie, if you get my drift. Mumble in the moss, man, mumble in the moss!”
“You don't still have that list, do you Matt?” I asked. “Sure.” The two names from the old customer base that shocked me most meant nothing to Matt McMutton. But then he wasn't a follower of British politics. When and where and why, I wondered, had the sinister switches been made? “So,” Matt continued, 5,000 miles away in the Pacific north-west, as the realisation dawned and I sat down in stunned horror, “you in the market for a sex robot? Or are you still dating humans, old school? Faggot!”
Stewart Lee is touring his new show, Content Provider, throughout 2017; see stewartlee.co.uk for details
Image caption Clashes broke out after the shooting, which happened near the Tomb of the Patriarchs
An Israeli border guard has shot dead a Palestinian teenager, whom police said threatened a colleague with what turned out to be a fake gun, in the West Bank city of Hebron.
Police said the youth had attacked the guard and aimed the 'pistol' at him, before being shot dead.
The boy was named locally as 16-year-old Mohammed Ziad Sulaima, AFP said.
Clashes broke out after the shooting, which happened near a contested site holy to Jews and Muslims.
Known to Jews as The Cave of the Patriarchs and Muslims as the al-Ibrahimi mosque, the site is where the Bible says Abraham, Isaac and Jacob were buried with three of their wives.
Hebron is home to about 160,000 Muslims and some 500 Jewish settlers who live in the centre of the city, guarded by Israeli troops.
Last week, Israeli security forces shot dead a Palestinian man, who they said was armed with an axe, in the northern West Bank.
The Phantom Subsidy
The chart below looks simpler than most of the others on this site, but the story behind it is remarkably complex. If anyone ever told you that the petroleum subsidy, one of the single biggest items on the central government budget (closing in on a 1000 billion rupees, or about 7% of overall government expenditure), was a straightforward issue, don't believe them.
But we can simplify it a bit though, by focusing on just one question : To what extent does this subsidy exist?
And the answer, looking at the broad numbers in the graph below is – not to any great extent.
Here's the problem with our whole debate on the petroleum subsidy : it only looks at what the government is officially supposed to pay out of its budget every time someone buys diesel, or an LPG cylinder. In the graph, that's the orange bar. It doesn't look at what the government rakes in. Those are the blue and green bars (for the central and state governments).
It's a bit like the following. The government gives you six rupees as a subsidy for something. But as part of the same transaction, it then takes back eleven rupees as tax.
In brief, here's how it works. Oil companies sell diesel to the dealer at a wholesale price of about Rs 44 per litre in Delhi. At this price, they are supposed to be paid a subsidy of about six rupees (the first part of the transaction above). Add in the dealer commissions and margins (all regulated), and this price goes up by a little over a rupee. But the actual price paid for diesel by a consumer in Delhi is about Rs 55.50 per litre. That's eleven rupees above the price the oil company gets – almost all of that difference is taxes. So the government commits to paying a subsidy to the oil companies of about six rupees, but charges the consumer eleven rupees in tax.
The oil subsidy debate (to be fair, not all of it) looks at the six rupees and calls it the petroleum subsidy, while ignoring the part where the government takes back eleven rupees with the other hand. Overall, the tax revenue that central and state governments earn from each unit of diesel sold, is more than the subsidy they pay out. In net terms (i.e. looking at both transactions rather than just one), this means there is a tax on that product, not a subsidy.
Now none of this is a dramatic revelation – see here and here.
I said that this issue was complicated and here's where I begin to complicate it. But I do think the overall picture I presented above stays more or less unchanged. Also, in what follows, I will continue to use the term ‘subsidy' for convenience sake. One of the things that always strikes me about the whole issue of the petroleum subsidy is that it is an excellent case study in how otherwise commonplace words are used by governments and bureaucracies in a confusing way. It's not necessarily intentional, but then again…who knows?
(click anywhere on the chart below to switch between the official level of subsidy, and what the government actually pays out. This is explained further down. Hover your mouse over any of the bars to get the numbers)
Also, what the government actually pays out, falls far short of the ‘overall' subsidy
You'll notice that clicking anywhere on the chart above causes the orange bars to change between what I call the official level of subsidy, and what is actually paid out. The latter is far less. This is because the government follows what is called ‘burden sharing'. Public Sector oil companies who import crude oil, refine it, and sell it to consumers, are forced to bear a share of the subsidy paid to consumers. So for every hundred rupees of subsidy that oil companies should get under this system, they may actually receive only say, 60 rupees, from the government.
One last thing. There are two governments involved here – the central and state government – who tax diesel or LPG or kerosene. But only one of them – the central government – pays the subsidy to the oil companies. Compare the orange and blue bars.
Notes :
Central government tax revenues from here (http://petroleum.nic.in/pngstat.pdf). Table VII.1, page 92
State government tax revenues from the same document above, Table VII.2, page 93, and VII.4, page 96. In both cases, I dont include royalties or revenues from natural gas. Note that in the second table, there is a component of central government revenues that is included (central sales tax), but I can't seem to be able to disentangle that effect. Bottomline : the state government tax revenues include some component which should ideally be included under central government revenues.
The chart is made with the D3 library.
Ratings and reviews on add-ons.mozilla.org
Philip Walmsley Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 21, 2017
Hello!
My name is Philip Walmsley, and I am a Senior Visual Designer on the Firefox UX team. I am also one of the people tasked with making addons.mozilla.org (or, “AMO”) a great place to list and find Firefox extensions and themes.
There are a lot of changes happening in the Firefox and Add-ons ecosystem this year (Quantum, Photon, Web Extensions, etc.), and one of them is a visual and functional redesign of AMO. This has been a long time coming! The internet has progressed in leaps and bounds since our little site was launched many years ago, and it's time to give it some love. We've currently got a top-to-bottom redesign in the works, with the goal of making add-ons more accessible to more users.
I'm here to talk with you about one part of the add-ons experience: ratings and reviews. We have found a few issues with our existing approach:
The 5-star rating system is flawed. Star ratings are arbitrary on a user by user basis, and it leads to a muddling of what users really think about an add-on.
Some users just want to leave a rating and not write a review. Sometimes this is referred to as “blank page syndrome,” sometimes a user is just in a time-crunch, sometimes a user might have accessibility issues. Forcing users to do both leads to glib, unhelpful, and vague reviews.
On that note, what if there was a better way to get reviews from users that may not speak your native tongue? What if instead of writing a review, a user had the option to select tags or qualities describing their experience with an add-on? This would greatly benefit devs (‘80% of the global community think my extension is “Easy to use”!') and other users (‘80% of the global community believe this extension is “Easy to use”!').
We don't do a very good job of triaging users actual issues: A user might love an extension but have an (unbeknownst to them) easily-solved technical problem. Instead of leaving a negative 1-star review for this extension that keeps acting weird, can we guide that user to the developer or Mozilla support?
We also don't do a great job of facilitating developer/user communication within AMO. Wouldn't it be great if you could rectify a user's issue from within the reviews section on your extension page, changing a negative rating to a positive one?
So, as you can see, we've got quite a few issues here. So let's simplify and tackle these one-by-one: Experience, Tags, Triage.
So many feels
Experience
Someone is not familiar with Lisa Hanawalt
The star rating has its place. It is very useful in systems where the rating you leave is relevant to you and you alone. Your music library, for example: you know why you rate one song two stars and another at four. It is a very personal but very arbitrary way of rating something. Unfortunately, this rating system doesn't scale well when more than one person is reviewing the same thing: If I love something but rate it two stars because it lacks a particular feature, what does that mean to other users or the overall aggregated rating? It drags down the review of a great add-on, and as other users scan reviews and see 2-stars, they might leave and try to find something else. Not great.
What if instead of stars, we used emotions?
Some of you might have seen these in airports or restrooms. It is a straightforward and fast way for a group of people to indicate “Yep, this restroom is sparkling and well-stocked, great experience.” Or “Someone needs to get in here with a mop, PRONTO.” It changes throughout the day, and an attendant can address issues as they arise. Or, through regular maintenance, they can achieve a happy face rating all day.
What if we applied this method to add-ons? What if the first thing we asked a user once they had used an extension for a day or so was: “How are you enjoying this extension?” and presented them with three faces: Grinning, Meh, and Sad. At a very high level, this gives users and developers a clear, overall impression of how people feel about using this add-on (“90% grinning face for this extension? People must like it, let's give it a try.”).
So! A user has contributed some useful rating data, which is awesome. At this point, they can leave the flow and continue on their merry way, or we can prompt them to quickly leave a few more bits of even MORE useful review data…
Tags
Not super helpful
Writing a review is hard. Let me rephrase that: Writing a good review is hard. It's easy to fire off something saying “This add-on is just ok.” It's hard to write a review explaining in detail why the add-on is “just ok.” Some (read: most) users don't want to write a detailed review, for many reasons: time, interest, accessibility, etc. What if we provided a way for these users to give feedback in a quick and straightforward way? What if, instead of staring down a blank text field, we displayed a series of tags or descriptors based on the emotion rating the user just gave?
For example, I just clicked a smiling face to review an extension I'm enjoying. Right after that, a grid of tags with associated icons pops up. Words like “fast”, “stable”, “easy to use”, well-designed”, fun”, etc. I liked the speed of this extension, so I click “fast” and “stable” and submit my options. And success: I have submitted two more pieces of data that are useful to devs and users. Developers can find out what users like about their add-on, and users can see what other users are thinking before committing to downloading. We can pop up different tags based on the emotion selected: if a user taps Meh or Sad, we can pop up tags to find out why the user selected that initially. The result is actionable review data that can is translated across all languages spoken by our users! Pretty cool.
Triage
Finally, we reach triage. Once a user submits tag review data, we can present them with a few more options. If a user is happy with this extension and wants to contribute even more, we can present them with an opportunity to write a review, or share it with friends, or contact the developer personally to give them kudos. If a user selected Meh, we could suggest reading some developer-provided documentation, contacting support, or writing a review. If the user selected Sad, we'd show them developer or Mozilla support, extension documentation, file a bug/issue, or write a review. That way we can make sure a user gets the help they need, and we can avoid unnecessary poor reviews. All of these options will also be available on the add-on page as well, so a user always has access to these different actions. If a user leaves a review expressing frustration with an add-on, devs will be able to reply to the review in-line, so other users can see issues being addressed. Once a dev has responded, we will ask the user if this has solved their problem and if they'd like to update their review.
We've covered a lot here! Keep in mind that this is still in the early proposal stage and things will change. And that's good; we want to change this for the better. Is there anything we've missed? Other ideas? What's good about our current rating and review flow? What's bad? We'd love constructive feedback from AMO users, extension developers, and theme artists.
Please visit this Discourse post to continue the discussion, and thanks for reading!
Philip (@pwalm)
Senior Visual Designer, Firefox UX
Hi there everyone! Today I thought I'd answer some questions that people both online and in real life are curious about and ask me regularly.
I titled this post silly and serious because I'll separate the questions into two sections; the silly questions that are funny and lighthearted and the serious questions!
What is PFFD?
Proximal femoral focal deficiency (PFFD), also known as Congenital Femoral Deficiency (CFD), is a rare, non-hereditary birth defect that affects the pelvis, particularly the hip bone, and the proximal femur.
The disorder may affect one side or both, with the hip being deformed and the leg shortened.
Because of this condition, I have had to wear a prosthetic leg from birth, and undergone operations to fix the deformed leg including having the foot amputated.
I am also missing the pinky fingers on both of my hands; read all about that HERE.
Silly and funny questions I'm asked regularly:
Q. Does your prosthetic leg come off?
A. Yes! It's just like a pair of shoes.. I take it off off regularly – I'm actually much comfier not wearing it.
Q. You have four fingers on each hand, do you only have four toes?
A. Nope! I was born with a ‘normal' amount of toes (5 on each foot – but now I only have one foot!)
Q. Are you a Simpson/Alien/Videogame character?
A. Surprisingly not! I do love the Simpsons though 😉
Q. I know someone else with only four fingers! Are you related?
A. Nope – I'm the only person in my family missing fingers!
Q. I know someone that's an amputee too! do you know each other?
A. I've actually only met other amputees when I go to my hospital and it's very rare that we ever get talking to one another – I only know one amputee personally and he lost his leg due to diabetes.
Q. Did you keep your amputated foot?
A. No way! That would be so odd to me.. the amount of times I've been asked this question is creepy! Is this even possible?!
Q. Do you hop on your one leg?
A. Admittedly I do sometimes to get around quickly.. but I shouldn't! Hopping puts a lot of strain on my good leg 😦
Q. Is your prosthetic leg wooden?
A. My prosthetic leg is not wooden like a pirate! I'm not actually sure what the material is that my leg is made from, though!
Q. As you're an amputee, do you want to be a Paralympian?
A. I don't! I've never really been fully into sports although I am hoping to learn to swim this summer for the first time!
Q. Do you ever feel like making up unusual stories as to why you lost your leg?
A. Yes, totally! Sometimes I've thought out whole scenarios.. like fighting a shark/crocodile.. never actually gone through with it though!
Serious questions I'm asked regularly:
Q. Can you have children?
A. Yes of course! 🙂 Being an amputee doesn't affect things like that.
Q. Would your child have the same conditions as you?
A. Nope! It's actually said to be completely random who will be born with a condition like PFFD.
Q. Have you struggled to have relationships because of your disability?
A. Not at all.. everyone I've ever known has loved me despite my disability – you can read more about this HERE.
Q. Has life been hard for you?
A. It has yes, but I think it was more so to do with my previous confidence issues about my disability than my disability itself.. read more about this HERE.
Q. Do your suffer with phantom pains?
A. Yes! Many times I feel like my foot is still there and weirdly sometimes it itches! It can be painful but it only lasts a few seconds to a minute.
Q. Have you ever been bullied because of your disability?
A. Luckily I haven't myself, but I do know other people that have unfortunately been bullied because of their disabilities and it breaks my heart.
Q. Do you ever use a wheelchair?
A. Yes I do, when my prosthesis is hurting me a lot I do use a wheelchair or my crutches to ease the pain for a while.
Q. How did you find having operations at such a young age?
A. It was of course scary and traumatic but even as a child I could understand why I needed the operations and how my life would improve after them.
Q. Do you ever wish you were ‘normal'?
A. When I suffered with terribly low self esteem I would have done anything to have two legs and 10 fingers.. however, now I'm truly happy with myself and that includes my disabilities. I'm happy exactly as I am!
Q. Was it ever hard not being able to join in activities that other children could do?
A. I only started to notice myself being different as I grew older – as a young child I just joined in most things anyway and when I couldn't I'd be happy sitting out doing something else like drawing.
As I was older I did feel disappointed that I couldn't run as fast as other children, or ride a bike etc.
I really enjoy answering questions for you all so please get in touch with me if you have any other questions!
This was quite a lighthearted post but I'm willing to talk about all sorts of experiences I've had and I'm considering doing a ‘your questions answered' type post soon so that I can be certain you are all getting the content you enjoy reading 🙂
I believe it's so important to share information like this because I think children and even adults would be discriminated against so much less if the world was more educated about disability rather than quite ignorant.
It's always fun to learn new things, and learning about disability can be just as fun as anything else.
Sharing my funny and lighthearted stories about my life is always so enjoyable to me – obviously my life has been hard at times too but it's nice and also important for me to talk about the positives as well as the negatives.
I hope you enjoyed this post! Make sure you're following me on social media to get the latest updates! ❤
Social media accounts are linked at the top right of this blog, and don't forget you can always contact me through the contact page too! 🙂
Advertisements
OpinionFaith, Family, Freedom
August 22, 2017 (TurningPointProject) - “If you want to see the face of Europe in 100 years, barring a miracle, look to the faces of young Muslim immigrants.” Thus said Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput at a recent Napa Institute conference.
“Islam has a future because Islam believes in children,” he said. “Without a transcendent faith that makes life worth living, there's no reason to bear children.”
Let's stop right there for a bit of analysis. The first thing that merits scrutiny is the timeline. One hundred years from now is 2117. Most of us won't be around then, so for many the matter will seem less urgent than, perhaps, Archbishop Chaput meant it to be seen. A number of observers of the European scene—Thilo Sarrazin, Douglas Murray, Bruce Bawer, and Mark Steyn—project that large parts of Europe will be Islamic within three or four decades. And if you were to wander by mistake into the no-go zones that surround Paris, you would think that the “faces of young Muslim immigrants” is already the face of Europe.
Timelines aside, Archbishop Chaput is basically right about the direction in which Europe is headed. And he's right that much of the blame falls on all those Europeans who are reluctant to have children. Europe is dying, he says, because not enough Europeans have a stake in the future.
A couple of points he makes, however, might be misinterpreted. And because of the current climate in the Church, many Catholics may draw the wrong conclusions from his remarks. “Islam has a future because Islam believes in children,” he says. Moreover, “Without a transcendent faith that makes life worth living, there's no reason to have children.”
The mistake—the fatal mistake, really—that many Catholics make is a twofold assumption: first, that Muslims believe in children in the same way that Catholics do; and, second, that the “transcendent faith” of Muslims is similar to the transcendent faith of Catholics. In fact, ever since Vatican II, Catholics have had it drilled into their heads that Islam and Catholicism have much in common. For instance, the Vatican II document Nostra Aetate emphasizes the similarities between the two faiths and glosses over the differences.
But if that's so—if Muslims share more or less the same view of children and transcendence that Catholics do—then there's no need to worry overmuch about the future of Europe. One could even argue that Europe would be better off in the hands of a God-fearing, faith-filled, and family-centered people than in the hands of the post-Christian secularists who now hold power.
I don't think that's what Archbishop Chaput had in mind. In another part of his talk, he tells young people “to love each other, get married, stay faithful to one another, have lots of children, and raise their children to be men and women of Christian character.” Still, to a Catholic of a certain universalist mindset, words like “Christian character” and “Islamic character” are practically interchangeable, as are terms such as “Christian family values” and “Muslim family values.” So, for the sake of clarity, let's look a bit more closely at Islamic family values, and test the commonality thesis.
A good place to start is with Nonie Darwish's new book, Wholly Different, an examination of Christian values and Islamic values. Darwish lived for thirty years in Egypt before coming to America and eventually converting to Christianity. So, to paraphrase the Joni Mitchell song, “She's looked at faith from both sides now.”
Darwish confirms that “Islam believes in children,” but not, as she observes, for the same reason that Christians believe in children. “In Islam,” she writes, “after believing in Allah, the number one priority for a Muslim believer is not family; it is jihad.” Thus, “In several hadiths, Muhammad stressed that his fighters should ‘Marry women who are prolific' so that Muslims will outnumber their enemies.”
Other Muslim leaders have said similar things. PLO chairman Yasser Arafat boasted “the womb of the Arab woman is my strongest weapon.” The Ayatollah Khomeini was of the same mind. “An Islamic Regime must be serious in every field,” he said, “…including the field of breeding. More Muslims means more power. More Muslims means more soldiers.” Khomeini practiced what he preached, and during his war with Iraq, he sacrificed the lives of tens of thousands of child soldiers, even using them to clear mine fields with their bodies.
The Christian view of children is that they are precious in the sight of God—important in themselves, and not just as fodder for cannons and enemy mines. The Islamic view, by contrast, is a utilitarian one. Children are important because they serve the jihad. Am I saying that every Muslim thinks this way? Of course not. But to observe that many Muslims are able to rise above this limited view of their offspring doesn't prove anything about Islam, it simply tells us that Muslims are human.
Love is not absent in Muslim families, but, according to Darwish, family honor is a far more important value than love. A Muslim daughter who fails to dress appropriately or who keeps the wrong company, risks being beaten or even killed for the sin of bringing shame on the family honor. A Muslim wife or mother is similarly at risk. In the film The Stoning of Soraya M, which is based on a true story, it is the father and the sons who throw the first stones.
Conversely, a Muslim boy or girl who is an observant Muslim brings honor to the family. Unfortunately, according to Darwish, the single most sacred act of worship in Islam is jihad martyrdom. Accordingly, there is a strong incentive for a Muslim family to raise a martyr because his sacrifice will greatly redound to the honor of the family. This helps to explain the Palestinian penchant for training children that martyrdom (preferably achieved by killing Jews) is life's highest calling. “My son the suicide bomber” is the Palestinian equivalent of “My son the doctor.”
So it might not be wise for Catholics to take comfort in Chaput's statement that “Islam has a future because Islam believes in children.” Islam also believes that one of the surest ways to achieve paradise is to cut short the lives of infidels. When the mother of 19-year-old Omar al-Abed learned that her son had slashed to death three members of an Israeli family and wounded a fourth, she exclaimed: “Praise Allah. I am proud of my son. May Allah be pleased with him.”
If you are tempted to think that this is an aberration, consider that Omar's mother has an added reason to be proud of her son. As one writer put it:
Under the Palestinian Authority's program to pay those who commit terror attacks—sometimes called a “Pay-to-Slay” program—al-Abed's family is reportedly slated to receive a monthly stipend of more than $3,100 in perpetuity from the Palestinian government, as a way of saying “thank you” for last week's murders.
This brings us back to Archbishop Chaput's comment about the importance of “a transcendent faith that makes life worth living.” Are all transcendent faiths created equal—or are there major differences? Practices such as honor violence and the “pay-to-slay” program suggest that the transcendent God of Islam is not quite the same person as the transcendent God of Christians. For one thing, he is not a father. In fact, the idea that God is a father is abhorrent to official Islam. And those who say God has a son are considered accursed. The trouble is, if there is no Heavenly Father, there is no eternal model of mercy, love, and commitment for earthly fathers to follow. It seems that dysfunctional families are the price that Muslims pay for Islam's attenuated view of the transcendent.
For their own sake and the sake of their children, Catholics need to get over the idea that Islam and Catholicism share the same core values. Islam supposedly belongs to the Abrahamic faith tradition, but according to that tradition God stopped Abraham from sacrificing his son. But in the Islamic tradition, parents can sacrifice their daughters for the sake of family honor or sacrifice their sons for the sake of jihad—all in the confidence that Allah will be well-pleased.
As for the sons and daughters of infidels? Don't expect a bright future for them once the “faces of young Muslim migrants” become the face of Europe. And don't count on having a hundred years to get ready for that facial makeover.
This article originally appeared in the August 1, 2017 edition of Crisis and on TurningPointProject and is re-published with permission of the author.
It's here, as promised. The full, slightly revised PDF version of last week's series of articles, with 4 dozen clickable footnotes. The official title of the paper is The Top 5 Myths About Medical Marijuana and you can get it just by clicking on the link. Boil it, mash it, stick it in a stew.
No, wait, that's for potatoes.
So print it, save it, copy/paste it, share it with your friends. Feel free, because I've licensed that paper using a Creative Commons License so it's perfectly cool. The more minds we can open, the better for all.
The Top 5 Myths About Medical Marijuana by Old Hippie is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.
Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at http://beyondchronic.com/contact/.
True to form, the RCA's 2015 MA Automotive Design show featured some challenging abstract concepts that shun outright technical feasibility for provocation of thought. As usual, the standard of work was high, with a diverse cultural perspective. From a Stradivarius-inspired sportscar to an autonomous crop-munching tractor, here are some of the highlights.
Enter a caption (optional)
Element - Gareth Rees
Armed with the data to prove that 94% of farmers are over the age of 25, Gareth Rees's proposal for an autonomous tractor, Element, is a vision of a benign creature tirelessly toiling away in the fields, with a minimal carbon footprint. It addresses a real socio-economic need—how to entice bright young things into the world of farming. It's an interesting interpretation, one that imagines a remote-farming style, perhaps appealing more to a new professional-farmer than the salt-of-the-earth of old.
Enter a caption (optional)
Orion's Belt - Cal Craven
New, responsible luxury was the theme with Cal Craven's 68m super-yacht, Orion's Belt. Aimed at the hyper-rich (read Elon Musk) who desire to show off their wealth but in an ecologically aware way. Gone are the glitzy metallic surfaces, heliports and launches. Orion's Belt is a craft that attracts plastic particles floating around in the ocean, and harvests them for use, either by the crew to 3D print spare-parts for the craft itself, or perhaps to create furniture pieces for use on board. The three-tiered architecture reflects the owner's aspiration towards adventure and expedition.
Enter a caption (optional)
No Infrastructure Needed - Simon Haynes
MIT's 4D-printing process was put to use in No Infrastructure Needed by Simon Haynes. Inspired by the Lunar Rover and aimed at inaccessible non-urban environments, the car is self-building. Structural elements blend from the interior to the exterior frame that both supports the body and protects the occupants. A single central hoop acts as a safety frame for the occupants, yet crucially enables the vehicle to be packed compactly for economic crate transportation to remote areas. A refreshingly lightweight and minimal concept; that no infrastructure is needed hints towards a lighter car-footprint than we currently experience.
Enter a caption (optional)
Limbo-Final Journey - Floriam Kainz
Limbo-final journey, by Florian Kainz, explores the ultimate application of customization: the interior of a hearse. Linking with the traditions of many of our cultural ancestors of personalizing burials by including mementos, Kainz imagines death as an interconnected social-media event—with the response of family and friends generating an algorithm that 3D prints the hearse interior in bio-plastics. Funeral-goers can add their own messages and items to the interior creation, making the last drive a memorable and inclusive event.
Enter a caption (optional)
Enter a caption (optional)
Scar - Tainquin Bao
Winner of the Pilkington-sponsored award 'Best use of Glazing' was Tainquin Bao, an ex-Coventry graduate, with Scar. Challenging our obsession with replacing cars every few years, Scar explores a method of 3D-printing new panel elements to replace damage over the lifetime of the vehicle. Bao believes the relationship between man and car can be more meaningful when the car evolves and ages too. Inspired by architectural materials, Scar intersperses the body with copper surface elements that grow an ever-changing patina for an always-unique look. A modular and updateable powertrain system could allow the car to live as long as its owner.
Enter a caption (optional)
Happie - Yibo Wu
Happie by Yibo Wu takes the Google autonomous car through a refresh to a version 2.0, with a far more open interior architecture. Electro-magnetic 'cushions' that have multiple uses such as lighting and storage, can be snapped into the interior allowing a more personalized take on a shared car-ownership model. Wu retains the Google cars' friendly, approachable aesthetic but adds charm and personality.
Enter a caption (optional)
Infiniti Autonomous - Mark Hinton
Mark Hinton's Infiniti Autonomous future imagines a new aesthetic for the Japanese company and a move away from mono-volume autonomous cars. Without crash-test requirements why does the car need a conventional windshield, for example. Taking Infiniti's dynamic sculptural form language to a more extreme solution, the result is an unusual and challenging aesthetic.
Enter a caption (optional)
Kinesis - Farhana Safa
Farhana Safa re-imagines the Automotive design process with Kinesis. Previously an eye surgeon, Farhana looks at the implication of using the tools of a craft as an intuitive creative device. In this case, the starting point was a sphere in a CAD package, which was sculpted into the final form influenced by the organic fluidity of liquid-metal alloy—a material that shape-shifts through the application of an electric current. Combined with the re-positioning of packaged components—as an example, an advanced aluminum battery sandwiched within the car's surfacing—the result is a remarkably fluidic rolling sculpture.
_______________________________________________________________________________
Overall, the RCA students had an inspiring optimism about the future of self-driving transport, alongside some fresh takes on personalization, innovative use of materials, and design solutions that actively improve our environment.
An iPhone ad featuring the Jamie xx song "I Know There's Gonna Be (Good Times)" is the subject of a lawsuit filed Tuesday in California Superior Court.
The plaintiff's convoluted connection to Apple is laid out by The Hollywood Reporter, which was first to report the case. "I Know There's Gonna Be (Good Times)" is the most popular track on Jamie xx's 2015 Grammy-nominated album In Colors. That album includes samples from a 1971 song by The Persuasions called "Good Times."
Persuasions lead singer Jerome Lawson is the plaintiff in the new suit against Apple—but this isn't a copyright case. Rather, Lawson has said that the use of his voice in the ad violates his right of publicity under California state law.
Lawson claims his voice "was recognized by fans of his who saw the commercial, and those fans were deceived into falsely believing that Lawson endorsed Apple and the IPhone and/or that Lawson consented to the use of his voice to advertise Apple's products," according to the complaint
The Persuasions are sampled heavily at the beginning and end of the Jamie xx song, which also features rappers Young Thug and Popcaan. The snippet of the track used in the Apple ad also features Lawson's voice prominently.
The fact that there's no copyright claim suggests that Lawson doesn't own the rights to the song any longer, THR notes. In any case, the sampling on the Jamie xx song was cleared with Universal Music, and the band members of The Persuasions were contacted prior to the release of the Jamie xx track. (However, one band member forgot that he'd been contacted, leading Billboard to publish a story in 2015 that briefly suggested the sampling was unauthorized.)
There are two potentially novel legal issues in the case. The first big question is whether the Lawson case isn't preempted by federal copyright law. THR points to a very similar 2006 case in which an artist couldn't bring a right of publicity case over her voice when it was part of a larger copyrighted work.
Because The Persuasions song "Good Times" was recorded in 1971, however, the sound recording might not be within the scope of federal copyright at all. Federal copyright didn't apply to sound recordings until 1972, although some states, including California, have copyright laws that apply pre-1972. The pre-1972 copyright issue is currently being litigated in California in a case involving Pandora and the 1960s rock band The Turtles.
India is set to become the third largest consumer economy by 2025, trailing only the US and China, fuelled by an increase in consumption levels, changes in consumer behaviour and spending patterns, according to a report released by consulting firm The Boston Consulting Group.
Consumption across the country is expected to almost triple over the next decade from the current $1.4 trillion to $4 trillion, according to the report titled The New Indian: The Many Facets of a Changing Consumer. India is now the sixth largest consumer economy, after the US, China, Japan, the UK and Germany.
The report is based on a survey of 10,000 consumers from 30 locations across the country conducted by BCG's Center for Customer Insight.
ALSO READ: Consumer goods firms on recovery path after demonetisation downturn
“Rising affluence is the biggest driver of increasing consumption. The two consumer categories—elite and affluent—will become the largest combined segment by 2025, accounting for 40% of the consumption compared with 27% in 2016," it said.
The annual gross household income of the elite category is recorded at above $30,800 and that of the affluent category at between $15,400 and $30,800.
The growing internet penetration in India is also expected to push consumer spending. According to the report, digitally influenced shopping is expected to see a tenfold rise from the current $45-50 billion a year to $500-550 billion by 2025 and is projected to account for 30-35% of all retail sales.
“Already, a rising number of consumers in all segments are using the internet as their first port of call in framing and driving their purchase decisions. Our research found that about 70% of those who have access to the internet go online to make informed purchase decisions. As consumers get more comfortable with digital capabilities, their usage patterns exhibit growth that belies age and other demographic variables," Kanika Sanghi, principal at BCG and co-author of the report, said in a statement.
The report also highlighted the rising appeal of Indian goods among Indian consumers. “Indian consumers are exhibiting increased curiosity and excitement over exploring local roots. They are interested, for example, in natural products in personal care, local flavours in packaged food, and hand woven fabrics in clothing," the report said.
“A set of emerging social trends could reshape consumption patterns significantly. These include more and better educated women taking their rightful place in society, greater pride in being Indian, and increasing time compression, each of which will drive exponential growth in various categories differently," Abheek Singhi, senior partner at BCG and co-author of the report, said in a statement.
Additionally, the emerging cities across the country (those with a population of less than 1 million) are projected to constitute a third of total consumer spending by 2025. “Fueled by rising affluence, expenditures in these cities are rising by nearly 14% a year, while consumer spending in India's biggest cities is increasing at about 12% a year. We expect the emerging cities to see the highest growth in the number of elite and affluent households through 2025," the report added.
Hey all, let's try this again. I had been thinking of giving an update on ESR, but barring handing out story spoilers, I wasn't sure what else to say besides “it's coming along”, which feels pretty lame to keep saying over the course of years.
So I think it's worth at least spoiling one thing: how much content is planned for the game (counting all story paths), how far we've come, and how much is left. By putting up some actual numbers, we can give you all a real sense of progress, and also encourage ourselves to keep a steady pace and make those numbers go up.
Here's how we work. In general, we need to take a few passes through the story to complete it:
Main scene planning and writing Scripting the scenes in Ren'Py Additional visual and sound effects, mostly for battles Other writing: Koishi advice, stat boosting, and slight dialogue variations depending on story path
For the most part, the writers do passes 1 and 4, I'm the one doing pass 2, and Graph does pass 3.
Pass 1 takes the most work, naturally, but it's also quite far along at this point. Pass 2 takes several hours per scene, including cut-in management, minimal visual/sound effects, and some writing checks/proofreading. Passes 3 and 4 depend on the scene and how ambitious we get. On some scenes, the writers do 1 and most of 4 together. 1, 2, and 3 have to be done in order though.
Our latest demo, Demo 3.0, has 27% of the planned game scenes. By my count, here's how we're doing:
Pass 1, main writing: 85%
Pass 2, scripting: 48%
Pass 3, effects: 38%
Pass 4, other writing: 27% (with haphazard completion afterward)
And there are other tasks which we could count separately – character cut-ins, CGs, music and general programming (menus and GUI, image definitions, audio playing, etc.):
Cut-ins: Nothing major missing, and I wager our expression ranges are already above average for VNs. So this is basically done. If we think of any other cut-ins that could be particularly useful, we'd ask Graph and he'll decide if he's up for it.
CG art: About 78%, varying a bit depending on how the rest of the writing pans out.
Music: I believe this has been good to go for a while, with a couple of pieces ready which haven't appeared up to Demo 3.
General programming: Things still basically work. But since we have such large volumes of scripting code, I'm still trying to tweak things to make the script easier to write and edit down the road. Incorporating some of the newer Ren'Py features helps with this as well. So I'm doing some of that in between working on pass 2. When I'm caught up with pass 2, I'd like to look into making some extras like a CG gallery menu.
For my part, in terms of making the numbers go up, I'm aiming to do a few hours of Ren'Py scripting each week in the long term. What typically happened in the past is that I'd grab several scenes at once, and try to script them all in a short time. Then I felt burned out for a little while, and needed more effort to come back. Even if the work is ‘supposed to be fun', I feel like I have to mix up my week with different types of work to stay productive. So, I'm going to start applying this principle to ESR and hopefully it helps out.
Finally, we always have some material for screenshots, so let's have a couple of those:
Hawking shared his thoughts on artificial intelligence with Reddit users. (Desiree Martin/AFP/Getty Images)
In July, famed physicist Stephen Hawking offered to answer questions from the public in a Reddit AMA. Unlike the usual AMA style, where an interviewee sits and answers questions in real time for several hours, Hawking (who can type only a few words per minute at most) gave several weeks for questions to be asked, then answered some of the ones with the most upvotes in his own time.
[Here's the argument for banning killer robots before we're swarmed by them]
Unsurprisingly, Hawking has focused on answering questions surrounding artificial intelligence — the reported subject of the AMA. Earlier this year, Hawking signed an open letter imploring leaders to consider the possible downsides of artificially intelligent robots before we jump the gun and create them. It's not his area of expertise, but Hawking — undeniably brilliant and inspirational to boot — has a knack for getting people to listen.
Here are a few AMA answers we got ahold of ahead of time:
Your viewpoints are often presented by the media as a belief in terminator-style "Evil A.I." How would you present your beliefs?
HAWKING: You're right: media often misrepresent what is actually said. The real risk with AI isn't malice but competence. A super intelligent AI will be extremely good at accomplishing its goals, and if those goals aren't aligned with ours, we're in trouble. You're probably not an evil ant-hater who steps on ants out of malice, but if you're in charge of a hydroelectric green energy project and there's an anthill in the region to be flooded, too bad for the ants. Let's not place humanity in the position of those ants.
[Stephen Hawking just got an artificial intelligence upgrade, but still thinks AI could bring an end to mankind]
Is it possible for machines to become smarter than their creators?
HAWKING: It's clearly possible for something to acquire higher intelligence than its ancestors: we evolved to be smarter than our ape-like ancestors, and Einstein was smarter than his parents.
What if machines become better at designing themselves than humans are?
HAWKING: If this happens, we may face an intelligence explosion that ultimately results in machines whose intelligence exceeds ours by more than ours exceeds that of snails.
Are we facing imminent threat from intelligent machines, or should we just be preparing for the future?
HAWKING: There's no consensus among AI researchers about how long it will take to build human-level AI and beyond, so please don't trust anyone who claims to know for sure that it will happen in your lifetime or that it won't happen in your lifetime.
When it eventually does occur, it's likely to be either the best or worst thing ever to happen to humanity, so there's huge value in getting it right. We should shift the goal of AI from creating pure undirected artificial intelligence to creating beneficial intelligence. It might take decades to figure out how to do this, so let's start researching this today rather than the night before the first strong AI is switched on.
[Stephen Hawking says that ‘aggression,' humanity's greatest vice, will destroy civilization]
Do you think we run the risk of "technological unemployment" where machines take all of our jobs?
HAWKING: The outcome will depend on how things are distributed. Everyone can enjoy a life of luxurious leisure if the machine-produced wealth is shared, or most people can end up miserably poor if the machine-owners successfully lobby against wealth redistribution. So far, the trend seems to be toward the second option, with technology driving ever-increasing inequality.
What mystery do you find most intriguing, and why?
HAWKING: Women. My PA reminds me that although I have a PhD in physics, women should remain a mystery.
Blogger's note: Ugh, Hawking, really? No. Women aren't a mystery, we're just people.
What is your favorite song ever written?
HAWKING: “Have I Told You Lately” by Rod Stewart.
What is your favorite movie of all time?
HAWKING: "Jules et Jim," 1962
What was the last thing you saw online that you found hilarious?
HAWKING: "The Big Bang Theory"
Blogger's note: Noooooooooooooooo
The Hawking Reddit AMA is part of #maketechhuman — a global debate on how we want technology to shape our world, our societies, and our lives — led by Nokia and WIRED. For more information visit Wired.com/MakeTechHuman. You can read the rest when the answers go live at 8 am eastern.
Read More:
Stephen Hawking announces $100 million hunt for alien life
Stephen Hawking believes he's solved a huge mystery about black holes
Why Stephen Hawking says he'd consider assisted suicide
Stephen Hawking just got an artificial intelligence upgrade, but still thinks AI could bring an end to mankind
You know Dr. G, and now you know Dr. D.
Dr. Vincent Di Maio, an expert forensic pathologist, won raves for his testimony Tuesday at the George Zimmerman trial. Dr. D was dynamic, smart and unflappable.
CNN's Ashleigh Banfield swooned over Di Maio's "unbelievable, remarkable testimony" -- she didn't mean he was unbelievable, but that he was so masterful. She praised his "folksy manner" and said he was "a real get" for the defense.
She wasn't alone in her admiration.
WESH-Channel 2 legal analyst Jeff Deen said Di Maio's testimony is easy to understand and that jurors go with what they understand. The jurors couldn't understand medical examiner Shiping Bao, a state witness, Deen said. Di Maio "did a great job," Deen said, and the state's experts were "so terrible."
Fellow WESH analyst Alisia Adamson said Di Maio explained that Zimmerman's injuries could be life-threatening and those insights could be very damaging to state's case.
Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin.
WOFL-Channel 35 legal analyst Diana Tennis praised Di Maio's credible style and comfort in giving opinions -- another difference from Bao. Di Maio clarified what the defense was saying about the positioning of Zimmerman and Trayvon when the teen was shot, Tennis said. "This was a very good witness for the defense," Tennis said.
WKMG-Channel 6's Tony Pipitone said Di Maio gave "a very scientific account" and the jurors were paying a lot of attention and taking a lot of notes. Di Maio had a "commanding, authoritative presence," Pipitone said. Di Maio couldn't be more different from Bao, Pipitone added.
Michael Knox, a forensic consultant working for WKMG, said Di Maio came in and told a story that tied everything together -- something the state hadn't done.
WKMG legal analyst Luis Calderon said Di Maio gave testimony that lined up with Zimmerman's account of the deadly encounter with Trayvon.
"The science tells it all," legal analyst Mark NeJame said on CNN. NeJame highlighted that Di Maio was saying Trayvon was leaning atop Zimmerman and the shooting couldn't have happened any other way.
Danny Cevallos, also on CNN, said the defense can shop for the best medical examiner. "They got bang for their buck," he said.
What did you think?
NAME
Acme::Emoticarp - Carp and cluck in a more fun way.
VERSION
version 0.02
SYNOPSIS
use Acme::Emoticarp; # also uses 'use utf8' ಠ_ಠ 'No user for this session!' unless defined $user; o_O 'No arguments provided.' unless @ARGV;
DESCRIPTION
This module exports aliases for "cluck" in Carp and "croak" in Carp that are more amusing to use. Because some emoticons use UTF-8 names, utf8 is automatically turned on in the importing environment.
FUNCTIONS
o_O
An alias for "croak" in Carp.
An alias for "cluck" in Carp.
AUTHOR
Rob Hoelz <rob@hoelz.ro>
COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Rob Hoelz.
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.
BUGS
Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website https://github.com/hoelzro/acme-emoticarp/issues
When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired feature.
The Stanley Parable designer William Pugh released the second free game at his new studio Crows Crows Crows. The first, if you don't remember, was the gloriously titled first-person adventure Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger, and The Terribly Cursed Emerald: A Whirlwind Heist. This latest title, The Temple of No, is a Twine-based text adventure about a frog.
Sorry, but The Temple of No isn't Frog Fractions 2.
Well, it could be about a frog anyway. This text adventure asks players to choose between three protagonists: a man, a woman, and a frog. It's difficult to say much about without going into spoilers, suffice to say it's a globetrotting expedition about treasure hunting. As one would expect from the designer of The Stanley Parable and Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger, and The Terribly Cursed Emerald: A Whirlwind Heist, there's plenty of fourth wall-breaking humour in this experimental romp.
You can give The Temple of No a go on Crows Crows Crows' itch.io page.
Crow Crows Crows is still developing a big secret game. "We've been toiling away on it for almost two years now, so very soon we're going to be telling you more about it!" Pugh said in an email to Eurogamer.
Pugh also offered an update on the VR game he's making with Rick & Morty creator Justin Roiland. That's still happening and it's officially part of the Crows Crows Crows label (as opposed to a side project), and Pugh said the studio will "release that to the public SOON (in Valve time)."
This Creamy Vegan Red Lentil and Kale Soup is a one-pot meal that can be made in about 30 minutes and an extra bonus – it's freezer-friendly too!
I'm a big fan of making hearty vegan soups and some of my favorite are Vegan Cream of Asparagus Soup, Creamy Vegan Tomato Basil Soup, Vegan Stuffed Pepper Soup and Spicy Chickpea and Tomato Soup or my Creamy Vegan Vegetable Minestrone Soup.
I've been making this Creamy Vegan Red Lentil and Kale Soup for a while now, and it's taken me a long time to get it to where I could finally say…perfect!
Normally when I make it, it has a broth-type of gravy and it was “ok” and everyone ate it, but I just wasn't feeling it.
It needed something else to make it creamy and give it some depth.
So I added a can of full-fat coconut milk and it transformed it into a creamy, bisque-type soup.
And it was perfect!
It gives it just a tiny hint of coconut flavor and a beautiful light orange color that is only intensified after adding the kale. And, if you don't have kale on hand, I've even made it with chopped organic baby spinach and it's really good too.
This is also a very budget-friendly meal because you can buy organic red lentils right around $4.00 a pound, organic vegetable broth around 0.20 cents/ounce, canned organic coconut milk around 0.15 cents/ounce and you probably have everything else on hand to make it.
You can feel good about making this recipe for your family because it's organic, vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free and nut-free.
Want even more healthy soup recipes? Check out Vegan Spicy Roasted Red Pepper and Garlic Soup, Raw Vegan Cream of Mushroom Soup, Vegan Black Bean Soup or my Clean Eating Cookbook with an entire chapter of 20 meal and entree recipes you will love!
5 Fast Facts About Red Lentils:*
excellent source of fiber – 1 cup contains 15 g
helps to stabilize blood sugar
excellent source of vegan protein – 1 cup contains 18 g
high in folate, vitamin A, potassium and magnesium
good source of iron and anti-oxidants
5 Fast Facts About Onions:*
rich source of sulfur compounds
excellent for cardiovascular health
inhibits bone loss in women
reduced blood pressure
lowers blood cholesterol levels
5 Fast Facts About Tomatoes:*
contains lycopenes which are cancer fighting agents
high in beta-carotene
excellent anti-oxidant
high in vitamin A and K
high in chromium which helps control blood sugar levels
5 Fast Facts About Kale:*
high in iron
excellent for detoxification
contains powerful anti-oxidants
high in calcium
contains anti-inflammatory benefits
5 Fast Facts About Himalayan Pink Salt:*
contains 84 minerals
unrefined, unprocessed, raw
promotes stable pH balance in cells
controls water levels in the body
aids digestion and facilitates better nutrient absorption
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This information is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Tip #1: I used both fresh organic roma tomatoes and also organic diced tomatoes in a BPA-free can and also organic diced tomatoes in a glass container. Any type of tomato will work, just make sure you have approximately 2 cups. For the tomato sauce, I like to use an organic tomato paste in a BPA-free can.
Tip #2: Make sure you use a can of “full-fat” coconut milk because that is what will make it extra creamy. I don't think boxed or homemade coconut milk would give it the same texture.
Tip #3: Feel free to adjust the amount of cumin, Himalayan pink salt and cayenne pepper to your taste.
Tip #4: I've used both curly kale and lacinato kale and both work fine. If you don't have kale on hand, chopped organic baby spinach works perfectly too. Or you can even leave the leafy greens out all together, but they do add extra nutrients to the meal.
Tip #5: This is a “freezer-friendly” meal and perfect to make ahead to freeze and have ready for a quick meal on a busy night. Just make sure you use a safe BPA-free glass container and avoid plastic containers 🙂
Print Creamy Vegan Red Lentil and Kale Soup Prep 10 mins Cook 30 mins Total 40 mins Author Karielyn Tillman - The Healthy Family and Home Yield 4 servings Vegan / Gluten-Free / Dairy-Free / Nut-Free Ingredients For the soup: 1 1/2 cups organic red lentils (uncooked)
3 cups organic vegetable broth
2 cups organic diced tomatoes
1/2 organic onion (diced)
2 tablespoons organic tomato sauce
1 1/2 teaspoons organic ground cumin
1 teaspoon Himalayan pink salt
1-2 pinches organic cayenne pepper For the add-ins: 1 cup organic kale (destemmed, chopped)
1 can organic full-fat coconut milk (13.5 ounce can) Instructions Prepare the veggies: Dice the onions and tomatoes; de-stem the kale and chop into small strips. Add all ingredients for the soup to a medium sized pot, stir together well and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to simmer (low/medium heat), cover and cook for 20-30 minutes, or until the lentils are soft. Stir occasionally to prevent burning and add a little more veggie broth if needed. Once the lentils are soft, remove from heat and add the chopped kale and entire can of coconut milk. Stir to make sure everything is well combined. Adjust seasonings to your preference. Enjoy! Notes Get all your organic ingredients delivered straight to your door at up to 25 - 50% off retail by cutting out the middleman and retail markups with a Thrive Market Membership and save 15% off on your first order. The recipe and photographs for "Creamy Vegan Red Lentil and Kale Soup" by Karielyn Tillman of The Healthy Family and Home website are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial No Derivatives 4.0 International License and cannot be used without my written permission. Recipe Roundups: Food Bloggers are always welcome to use a photo and a link back to my original post to share on recipe roundups without requesting permission.
Affiliate Disclosure: This post contains affiliate links. This means that if you were to make a purchase through one of these links, “The Healthy Family and Home” website would receive a small commission at no additional cost to you.
Amazon Disclosure: “The Healthy Family and Home” website is a participant in the Amazon Services, LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Thank you for your support of this website!
A lot of beginner golfers are confused about golf brands. They don't know which ones are worth their trust and money. With this post, i'll be comparing Three Golf Brands – Nike, Mizuno and Cobra. All of these are one of, if not the top manufacturers of golf irons in America. So by comparing them, i hope i can help you choose best irons for beginners in 2017. Let's start with Nike :
When it comes to golf shoes or any other golf accessory – i always choose Nike. And even though they had Tiger Woods using their clubs, i have never considered buying Nike golf clubs before. But that has all changed now. I have gotten Nike irons as a present from my son few days ago, and i must say that these are the best golf irons i've ever used. People say Nike's drivers are great as well, so i think i might consider buying from them in the future.
It's winter, which is my least favorite season for playing golf outside, but i still wanted to try my new Nike irons out. Turns out, they're amazing and my results are proof of that claim. These game improvement irons are just what i've been looking to buy for years. I've had high golf handicap and all golf clubs used to disappoint me. But if you are low handicapper, i can't guarantee that they will work for you.
It was really generous of my son to give me these for christmas, since these have been released very recently, therefore they cost a lot. But i can't say it's not worth it. New improved design and forgiveness just tops any other iron i've ever used.
Now let's move on to Cobra. I've had experience with their irons before, when i had left my clubs at home and my friend gave me her Cobra irons as a temporary replacement. Baffler golf iron set, which i had used, is one of the best iron sets for women. Cobra decided to add hybrids to the set, and removed few of the long irons from the set. One could argue that hybrid – iron combo is better, but in my opinion, there is no big difference, except for price of the newest golf clubs, which cost like two times as much as the previous model. But it's worth noting that their design is also somewhat updated, so it's still promising and worth trying out.
And last, but my favorite golf iron brand – Mizuno. As far as i know, Mizuno specializes in making the best game improvement irons on market, but their products are not always beginner friendly. Mizuno's main customers are experienced golfers who need the best irons they can get their hands on. But they had made exception and made Mizuno JPX 850 which seems like very beginner friendly for me. Still, it might not be the best iron set for beginners, but it's a decent set with reasonable price, which is why i considered it to be worth mentioning in this tutorial. Today i didn't have chance to review and compare other great golf iron manufacturers such as Callaway or TaylorMade, but i will say that both are very good golf club brands that deserve at least honorable mention.
NBA players don't get a lot of downtime, so when it's available they like to take advantage.
Just ask Boston Celtics point guard Isaiah Thomas, who is in desperate need of an Xbox One power cable.
I need a Xbox one power cord. Mine broke! Anybody In Boston trying to let me have theirs? Lol — Isaiah Thomas (@Isaiah_Thomas) September 29, 2015
Though, this does kind of seem like a clever ploy to gives fans an opportunity to meet him.
Please bring it lol RT @thierry_fla: @Isaiah_Thomas I have an extra one, I can give it to you at the Celtics practice tonight — Isaiah Thomas (@Isaiah_Thomas) September 29, 2015
Let's do it RT @Parziale_Here: @Isaiah_Thomas I'm in Boston and I'll trade for an autograph pic.twitter.com/53YvDzK11w — Isaiah Thomas (@Isaiah_Thomas) September 29, 2015
Apparently they're hard to find?
If I could I bought 1 smh. To all the people saying go buy one. — Isaiah Thomas (@Isaiah_Thomas) September 29, 2015
The Celtics are holding an open practice for season ticket holders at the TD Garden on Tuesday night, so if you're attending and happen to have a spare Xbox One power cord, you might just get the chance to meet an NBA star.
Thumbnail photo via David Butler II/USA TODAY Sports Images
Thumbnail photo via Boston Celtics guard Isaiah Thomas
I've used 3G Internet access since January 2009, by that time I missed some connection information in KNetworkManager (and afterwards Plasma Network Manager), especially data traffic usage and signal quality. During Akademy-br in April this year I started researching how to implement data traffic usage graph in KNetworkManager (KNM) and figured out we could have interesting features if we had support for ModemManager (MM). After Akademy-br I wrote an initial ModemManager implementation tied to the NetworkManager Solid backend.Some time later, Sebastian Kügler invited me to work on Plasma NM instead of KNM, which I accepted since I really like the traffic graph in Plasma NM :-). Since then I rewrote my initial Modem Manager implementation to be a Solid backend separated from NM backend and committed it to trunk during Akademy 2010 in Tampere. I also did plenty of hacking at the Solid Sprint and I just wanted to thank the Solid guys for helping me when I asked and for the great time in Madrid last weekend.The MM backend took me several weeks of work: it is a big implementation with 151 files changed/added to Solid. I used it as base to add more information to Plasma NM's interface details tab (operator's name, signal quality and access technology) and the signal quality meter in the connection tab. Some people asked in my blog if I could port the nm-applet's connection wizard to Plasma NM, even my employer asked me to do that, so I finally started porting it. This week I have finished the Mobile Connection Wizard, which makes it easy to configure 3G connections in a Plasma workspace like with Gnome's nm-applet. There is still a little polish to add, but I think the result will please the people who missed this feature.Today, Plasma NM works great and has the most important features for a network management system. The next things I want to work on is PIN/PUK unlock, adding data traffic graph and adding a dialog to select which details to show in the interface details tab. One thing I really wanted to see working properly in Plasma NM is connection sharing. Network Manager already supports that but its implementation conflicts with existing firewall rules, and does not support encryption or access control lists. I created a script that supports all that, although it conflicts with NetworkManager. I plan to use the knowledge I have received implementing that script to improve connection sharing in Network Manager and Plasma NM.I also wanted to implement SMS read/send and contact management but unfortunately ModemManager does not support those two features in my hardware so that is something that waits for that support to be added.
Superdelegates are people, too, and as Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) explained at a recent Democratic National Committee (DNC) meeting, they're already shifting away from Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE and toward Sanders. They watch the news, follow polling trends and they'll side with Sanders for the same reasons that he's surged to only 7 percentage points behind Clinton. In August, writing for Bloomberg, Mark Halperin and Jennifer Epstein offered a quick breakdown of delegates and superdelegates within the Democratic Party and explained that Clinton had "secured" a great percentage of these party officials:
Final numbers are still in flux, but current estimates peg the total number of delegates to next summer's presidential nominating convention at about 4,491, meaning that a candidate would need 2,246 to win. The Clinton camp's claim to more than 440 delegates means she's already wrapped up the support of more than 60 percent of the approximately 713 superdelegates who, under party rules, are among those who cast votes for the nomination, along with delegates selected by rank-and-file voters in primaries and caucuses beginning next February.
Since their only goal is electing a candidate capable of winning the White House, it's highly doubtful Clinton's alleged 60 percent support among superdelegates will remain until the end of the primaries. Like his surge in the polls and the Clinton campaign's continued decline, superdelegates will flock to anders for a number of reasons.
1. Polling trajectory and other factors show that Sanders is now the front-runner.
In late August, Jonathan Bernstein wrote the following for Bloomberg:
Could all of this support disappear? Sure. But it will hold as as long as Clinton keeps her large polling advantage; nor are party actors likely to panic while Clinton is leading in head-to-head trial ballots against each of the Republican candidates.
Today, Sanders is just as competitive (if not more so) than Clinton against the GOP, he has cut into Clinton's lead substantially, and panic has already set in among party officials. Talk of Vice President Biden entering the race is taking place for a reason. When Sanders can go from barely any support within the Democratic Party early in 2015 to now about 7 points behind Clinton, officials within the DNC know that only one candidate is capable of providing enough enthusiasm to win the White House.
Clinton's support has already deteriorated in national polls for the same reasons that Sanders continues to surge: Only one candidate is free to discuss topics important to all Americans. The other candidate tells voters that she used a private server for "convenience."
2. Democratic superdelegates know that the Democratic Party has experienced a paradigm shift toward Sanders and away from Clinton.
ADVERTISEMENT
When Sanders talks about wealth inequality, healthcare, education, Wall Street, foreign policy and other key issues, voters hear an honest man with a clear and distinct message. According to the Huffpost Pollster interactive chart, Clinton's support within the Democratic Party in late June was at 58.3 percent, compared to only 15.6 percent for Sanders. Fast-forward a couple of months, and Sanders is now only 7 points from Clinton. Sanders has surpassed Clinton in Iowa and New Hampshire, even though 25 percent of voters have "not heard enough" of the Vermont senator. According to a Sept. 16 Gallup report, "when Gallup recently asked Americans to say what they recall reading or hearing about her, one word — 'email' — drowned out everything else."
The paradigm shift within the Democratic Party has taken place because Sanders's message resonates with progressives. Clinton's campaign theme has already been "drowned out" by emails.
3. Superdelegates want to win.
Democrats can't win with the FBI as a running mate. Sanders offers the Democratic Party a better chance of winning than Clinton. The FBI and other intelligence agencies now have access to Clinton's deleted emails. A recent Politico piece, "Hillary's FBI nightmare," states that "If the feds have Clinton's personal emails, too, some of them are bound to come out — exactly as she feared." Also, it goes on to quote a former top Department of Justice Official:
"Those are no longer merely personal records," said Metcalfe, a former director of Justice's Office of Information & Privacy who now teaches law at American University. "Anything that the bureau pulls off that server, old messages, new messages, Hillary's allegedly personal messages, Hillary's admittedly official records is now an agency record of the bureau's law enforcement activities."
Democrats can't win the White House with the FBI and a total of five intelligence agencies investigating her personal emails and private server. While many Democrats and Clinton supporters believe the email scandal is another Benghazi, others like Edward Snowden believe it's "completely ridiculous" to believe Clinton's emails were safe.
Clinton's email practices might have been legal, but if they are deemed to be unsafe from an intelligence perspective, Democrats won't be able to win the presidency with Clinton as the Democratic nominee.
4. Superdelegates who've publicly supported Clinton has no obligation to honor their pledge.
Any public claim by the Clinton campaign of securing delegates is simply public relations spin. None of these delegates need to honor their initial commitment to Clinton. Like in 2008, her lead in the polls and commitments will eventually shift to the challenger. In 2015, the FBI and other intelligence agencies are involved while Sanders continues to draw greater support daily with increased name recognition.
5. Sanders is ahead in Iowa and New Hampshire.
If he wins those states, and wins South Carolina like Obama did in 2008, superdelegates around the nation will pick the candidate with momentum.
The media attention alone will make Democratic delegates across the nation fearful of blocking political momentum and choosing Clinton over Sanders, if he manages to win the first three contests. If he succeeds in Iowa and New Hampshire, and continues to shock the country by winning South Carolina, establishment Democrats and political wonks will immediately view Clinton as the underdog.
6. Most Americans don't trust Clinton.
According to a CNN/ORC poll in June, 57 percent of voters nationally say Clinton is "not honest and trustworthy."
Another CNN poll in August found that 55 percent of voters nationally have an "unfavorable" view of Hillary Clinton.
Superdelegates know these poll numbers and they will factor Clinton's public image into the equation when deciding between Clinton and Sanders.
7. Swing states don't trust Clinton.
Quinnipiac University Swing State Polls in August for Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania report that voters have a negative favorability rating of Clinton and say she is "not honest and trustworthy."
Similarly, Quinnipiac University Swing State Polls in July for Colorado, Iowa and Virginia report that voters have a negative favorability rating of Clinton and say she is "not honest and trustworthy."
Democrats are looking at a Donald Trump White House if swing states don't trust the Democratic nominee.
Sanders doesn't have the obstacles faced by Clinton (foreign donors to the Clinton Foundation, email scandal, etc.) that make trustworthiness an issue with voters.
8. There are a great number of progressives around the country who will only vote for Sanders and would rather sit out an election, or write in Sanders, rather than vote for Clinton.
This is another startling reality of 2016. Progressives around the nation might sit out the election or write in Sanders if Clinton is nominated. Although not backed by any polls, this phenomenon exists and even obituaries are now asking mourners not to vote for Hillary Clinton. One woman even used her obituary to campaign for Sanders with a final wish: "In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Bernie Sanders presidential campaign."
9. Biden's theoretical entrance into the race is yet another reason why Clinton's campaign isn't viable.
This was supposed to be Clinton's nomination. The vice president wasn't ever a part of the equation until recently. Sooner or later, the Democratic establishment will have to come to terms with the fact that Democratic voters and progressives want Sanders, not anyone else, as the Democratic nominee.
10. Superdelegates will be remembered for their vote.
When Sanders wins the Democratic nomination and the White House, historians will look back at this time and discuss why certain states went to Clinton over Sanders. Delegates will be bound by history as to why they voted for Clinton, amidst scandal and other issues, instead of Sanders.
While Hillary Clinton has to be defended against scandals and dodged questions, Bernie Sanders has energized the Democratic base and Democratic Party delegates fear the possibility of a mutiny on Election Day if they ignore reality. The reality is that only one candidate is tied to an FBI investigation, while nobody in the country questions the honesty and integrity of Sanders. His message and the manner in which he has energized Democrats will enable Bernie Sanders to win all the delegates needed to secure the Democratic nomination.
Goodman is an author and a journalist.
Cersei: “I will burn their cities to the ground if they touch her.”
Thus spoke Cersei last season in terror and fear for her daughter Myrcella after receiving Ellaria Sand's dead snake warning. But it's not the first time Cersei has talked about burning stuff. She threatened to burn the Lannister house to the ground rather than allow Tywin to control Tommen. And though the show has cut much of Cersei's plotting, let's not forget that it was Cersei who commissions the pots of wildfire for the coming war with Stannis back in Season 2. (Warning: this post contains a few potential spoilers from A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons.)
Knowing this, and knowing that Cersei has now returned to the Red Keep with a steely look of determination that suggests she's ready for revenge, these rather alarming rumors from Ireland suggest that Cersei's plan to burn them all might be coming sooner rather than later. This is from reddit:
..And I was walking past the main hangar and the doors were open so I had a cheeky peek in and there was a METRIC SHIT TON of gasoline/petrol. Like i'm talking 20, 20 gallon barrels filled with the stuff. So I thought about it and i'm guessing there's either going to be a fire in the Red Keep Throne Room, (as that set is built in NI), maybe the whole Cersei going Mad King in Kings Landing will lead up to it or it's simply being used for fuel for the crew vehicles.
Perhaps fuel for vehicles. But then add in this report from the end of last week:
From sources: Small boats seen and an on hand Fire truck (maybe for back up safety support) entering Titanic Studios in Belfast(Iron Throne) — Irish Thrones (@IrishThrones) August 6, 2015
Now there are several theories as to what this could be for. The first is a moment from the books that was skipped over last season: the burning of the Tower of the Hand. In A Feast For Crows, Cersei burns the Tower with wildfire as part of Tommen and Margaery's wedding celebrations, as she has decided she cannot look upon it since he fathers was murdered there. As fun as that might be though, I think the moment for that may have passed. Margaery and Tommen are already married, and unless there's some other celebratory thing Cersei can try and ruin with bizarre myopic behavior, I cannot see Kevan allowing it.
Other theories are more nebulous. We know that Cersei, having already gone through a traumatic walk, will now be confronted with the body of her daughter, so that's sure to push her to the edge of her rocker. If Maggy the Frog's prophecy (“gold will be their crowns and gold will be their shrouds”) proves true, Tommen may not survive next season, which certainly would drive Cersei completely over the edge.
So what would the fire be for? To punish Dorne? To punish Trystane? To punish the High Sparrow, Kevan and all those who are trying to hold her down? If the wildfire is to punish Dorne, would the fire in King's Landing be an accident? If it's to punish Tyrstane, would she murder him in the public view, or would it be staged as an accident? Or is Cersei going to start pulling (as many have theorized over the years) a Mad King Aerys and start burning people regularly while she sits upon the Iron Throne and laughs? That is, once she figures out how to get Kevan out of the way? (That is, assuming that Kevan and Grand Maester Pycelle don't find themselves murdered in the first few episodes of next season.)
One more theory: Cersei sets a fire to the Sept of Baelor to try and kill the High Sparrow and accidentally murder Margaery while she's at it. Would Tommen then rush in and be killed trying to save the love of his life? How mad would Cersei go if she were the one responsible for Tommen's death?
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - A Broward County judge was arrested Tuesday on a charge of driving under the influence.
Broward Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Keyla Concepcion said Judge Lynn Rosenthal was arrested after her BMW sport utility vehicle struck a parked BSO cruiser in the parking lot of the county courthouse.
According to the arrest report, Rosenthal admitted to taking Ambien, a sleep-inducing prescription drug, the night before.
Rosenthal told deputies she wasn't injured in the crash with the cruiser "or the crash from earlier in the morning," the report stated.
When asked about the other crash, Rosenthal said a truck tried to run her off Interstate 595 and she captured the incident on her cellphone.
The cellphone video showed Rosenthal's SUV drifting across the yellow lines and at one point showed it hitting a concrete barrier wall, the report said.
There was damage to the driver's side of the SUV and rear-view mirror.
Rosenthal, 56, was appointed to the 17th Judicial Circuit Court of Florida by Gov. Rick Scott in 2012. She previously worked as a federal prosecutor.
Her DUI arrest comes less than a month after another Broward County judge was arrested on DUI charges in Plantation. Judge Gisele Pollack was suspended from the bench without pay Friday by the Florida Supreme Court.
Rosenthal is campaigning to reclaim her seat on the bench in this year's election.
Copyright 2014 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Even the aspiring crisis-communications pro noted that it was also his least favorite quality about college life. “Students get worked up over the smallest of issues,” he said, “which has led to the disintegration of school spirit and the fracture of campus.”
* * *
Whatever differences there are in the moral psychology of today's college students, as compared to their elders, there is little doubt that technology is driving some of the worry about violating social norms, getting called out, and becoming objects of stigma. Social media enables students to be hostile from behind a screen, or to pile on.
But there is a more subtle way that social media can increase stress over call-outs—one I hadn't grasped before reading this email from an eager-to-please undergraduate.
She writes:
I actively try to keep up on opinion articles posted on Facebook and other social media sites, as well as statuses by friends, so that I can be caught up with the trends and not appear to be ignorant or outdated among my peers. One time, around Halloween, I read a piece that a friend posted about a Mexican Tequila-themed party that had happened at a small liberal arts school. A few members of the student government had attended and taken a picture wearing a sombrero. The entire school was so outraged that their student leadership had participated in cultural appropriation that they ridiculed them online and forced them to step down. Now, reading this article was stressful for me because my roommates and I had planned a tequila-themed birthday party for a friend that same night. Admittedly, my school is less progressive and students tend to not get outraged at things like this as much as other schools, but I was concerned that someone would call us out for cultural appropriation, even though we didn't call it a “Mexican” party or have sombreros there. We just wanted to drink margaritas and offered some chips and guac as snacks. This made the party considerably more stressful for me. I was constantly welcoming people and telling them we hoped we weren't appropriating, and watching out for people who may have reacted badly to the theme. I was making sure that we didn't play music in Spanish—for some reason I thought that would go over better and make us look less like we were appropriating. Since then, we haven't had any tequila-themed parties. I also had always aspired to have a crawl, where each room was themed like a different part of the world (i.e. one room would be Russia and the people would drink white Russians, another room could have tequila and chips and salsa, etc.) but I never pushed that again for fear of being called out as an appropriator. Another anecdote was with regard to some research I did in Peru a few summers ago. I had received funding to work with a local nonprofit group and do research on educational programs. Although I personally did not feel like I was being very problematic by going down there, and personally thought about this a lot, I didn't post pictures of myself with any of the kids for fear of coming across as white-girl-who-does-international-volunteering-trip-just-to-take-picture-with-poor-brown-children.
Perhaps this student would have stressed about violating social norms in any era. But in bygone years, the social norms at her school would've been clear and static; whatever upset people there would've been easy to avoid doing. Today, so many people are declaring so many things problematic on college campuses that the next controversy is almost impossible to predict; it is increasingly common to have done something without any fear of giving offense (say, urging a sushi night in the dining hall) only to subsequently read that the thing you're on record having done is the object of a huge controversy elsewhere. Does the faraway story portend a future where you'll be the one in the hot seat?
The power of invisibility has long fascinated man and inspired the works of many great authors and philosophers. In a study from Sweden's Karolinska Institutet, a team of neuroscientists now reports a perceptual illusion of having an invisible body, and show that the feeling of invisibility changes our physical stress response in challenging social situations.
The history of literature features many well-known narrations of invisibility and its effect on the human mind, such as the myth of Gyges' ring in Plato's dialogue The Republic and the science fiction novel The Invisible Man by H.G. Wells. Recent advances in materials science have shown that invisibility cloaking of large-scale objects, such as a human body, might be possible in the not-so-distant future; however, it remains unknown how invisibility would affect our brain and body perception.
In an article in the journal Scientific Reports, the researchers describe a perceptual illusion of having an invisible body. The experiment involves the participant standing up and wearing a set of head-mounted displays. The participant is then asked to look down at her body, but instead of her real body she sees empty space. To evoke the feeling of having an invisible body, the scientist touches the participant's body in various locations with a large paintbrush while, with another paintbrush held in the other hand, exactly imitating the movements in mid-air in full view of the participant.
"Within less than a minute, the majority of the participants started to transfer the sensation of touch to the portion of empty space where they saw the paintbrush move and experienced an invisible body in that position," says Arvid Guterstam, lead author of the present study. "We showed in a previous study that the same illusion can be created for a single hand. The present study demonstrates that the 'invisible hand illusion' can, surprisingly, be extended to an entire invisible body."
The study examined the illusion experience in 125 participants. To demonstrate that the illusion actually worked, the researchers would make a stabbing motion with a knife toward the empty space that represented the belly of the invisible body. The participants' sweat response to seeing the knife was elevated while experiencing the illusion but absent when the illusion was broken, which suggests that the brain interprets the threat in empty space as a threat directed toward one's own body.
In another part of the study, the researchers examined whether the feeling of invisibility affects social anxiety by placing the participants in front of an audience of strangers.
"We found that their heart rate and self-reported stress level during the 'performance' was lower when they immediately prior had experienced the invisible body illusion compared to when they experienced having a physical body," says Arvid Guterstam. "These results are interesting because they show that the perceived physical quality of the body can change the way our brain processes social cues."
The researches hope that the results of the study will be of value to future clinical research, for example in the development of new therapies for social anxiety disorder.
"Follow-up studies should also investigate whether the feeling of invisibility affects moral decision-making, to ensure that future invisibility cloaking does not make us lose our sense of right and wrong, which Plato asserted over two millennia ago," says principal investigator Dr. Henrik Ehrsson, professor at the Department of Neuroscience.
This research was funded by the Swedish Research Council, and the Söderberg Foundation.
Lighting
In terms of creating the “Sin City Style” lighting is the most important element. The look developed for the film was adapted from the original comic series and involves high Contrast Black and White images with harsh lighting. For the film they achieved this look through the use of “rim lighting”. Rim lighting basically means placing Lights behind your subject pointed towards the subject. This lighting creates a glow or “rim” of Light around the subject, separating them from the Background.
In this video we explain how we set up our rim lighting to achieve the “Sin City Style”.
Styling and Props
The Styling for this image is relatively simple but remains important in the production of the final image. Because the move was produced mostly in Black and White, the wardrobe had to mimic those Colors. We see a lot of Contrast in the clothing worn by the subjects – large black jackets with white our black shirts worn underneath.
We also shoot with a prop gun to make the final image a bit more true to the original. These details may seem like a no-brainer but they are important in producing a final image that looks like the original.
Shooting for a Composite
You will learn what to do on set when shooting for a composite to make sure your process in Photoshop is quick and seamless. Much of the image was composited together in Photoshop without requiring a photo shoot. These details include the sky, the city, the snow and the Text. The only thing we photographed for the image was the subject.
When shooting for a Composite it is important to keep your Background as clean and consistent as possible. For this shoot that meant shooting on a green Screen and lighting the Background so that it was evenly colored from one side to another.
Another great tip when shooting for a Composite is to keep your lighting close to your subject as needed. When shooting an image on a regular background it is important to keep lighting and grip out of the shot, as they will interfere with the concept. That is not the case when shooting for a composite. Everything will be cut out of its background, so you can have all of these elements in Frame if needed.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Christian Benteke has agreed personal terms with Crystal Palace and is desperate to complete his move to Selhurst Park.
Palace and Liverpool are still to finalise an agreement on the transfer fee, with Liverpool holding out for a deal that will recoup the £32million paid to Aston Villa last summer.
But all parties are optimistic a deal will be completed this week, possibly as soon as Monday, as the Eagles finally get the top-level centre-forward they have been looking for while Benteke will become the highest-earning player in the club's history.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: UEFA via Getty)
Palace have had a successful summer so far, bringing in a new first-choice goalkeeper in French international Steve Mandanda, defensive reinforcements in James Tomkins and another wide attacker, Andros Townsend.
Benteke will compete with Connor Wickham for the starting spot up front, while the coaching staff aren't ruling out playing a 4-4-2 in the coming season with either Wickham or Yannick Bolasie playing off the Belgian.
Bolasie is the subject of interest from other Premier League clubs and his camp is miffed at having their contract renegotiation attempts rebuffed.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Richard Heathcote/Getty)
The DR Congo winger was hoping to raise his salary close to that of Yohan Cabaye's and ensure a clause that would keep his pay packet in line with the club's top earners.
However, senior officials at Palace don't expect Bolasie to leave, with no team likely to meet Steve Parish's bumper asking price for the winger.
In 2017, graphic novels are everywhere. The battle for “comics legitimacy” is over. Once seen as a vehicle for subliterary kids' stories and crude comedy, comics now ranks as the artistic equal of the novel and film. Our current good times might make it hard to remember that, a mere twenty years ago, the world was an altogether different place: a comic-book wasteland. As a 1998 Washington Post review of Daniel Clowes's Ghost World bluntly acknowledged, “This isn't the golden age of comics.” Yet the review promised that all was not lost: “there are signs of life out there for fans of the medium.” As one such sign it offered Clowes's masterful graphic novel.
A sensitive portrait of outsider adolescence in the 1990s America, Ghost World was serialized in Clowes's award-wining comic book Eightball and released as a collection in December of 1997, twenty years ago this month. It holds a central place in the history of the North American graphic novel, appearing on countless critics' and readers' “best of” lists as well as in numerous college courses. For many readers, Ghost World is the comic that you give your friends to show them the medium's possibilities. In the decades since its release, its reach has extended far beyond North America. Translated into twenty-three languages, it has sold over a quarter of a million copies worldwide. Along with Art Spiegelman's Maus, Ghost World is one of the few 1990s comics to remain popular and influential in the overcrowded scene critics call our “new golden age of comics.”
Like Maus, Ghost World was a revelation in part because its characters spoke like actual humans rather than the cardboard types that had long populated comic books. “For once in a comic,” the Post said of the graphic novel, “people are portrayed as they really talk and act.” Ghost World's naturalistic, unfiltered dialogue was especially unusual for female characters, not only those in comics, but in film, television, and novels. Two decades later, readers are still drawn to the characters' astute, acidic, and ever-relevant profanity-laced observations about the media, advertising, neo-Nazis, “pseudo-bohemian art-school losers,” and all forms of faddishness.
Reviewers have likened the comic's dialogue to overheard conversation, imagining Clowes in a restaurant, pen and notebook in hand, furiously transcribing the banter of nearby teenagers, then transferring it to the comics page. While the dialogue reads like off-the-cuff speech, it's also careful and complex: one seemingly simple phrase can suggest numerous meanings and connect to several important themes. The final line, in which protagonist Enid says of her former best friend Rebecca, “You've grown into a very beautiful young woman,” perfectly represents such textured writing. It's a line worth exploring as we consider Ghost World's achievement on the twentieth anniversary of this medium-defining graphic novel.
**
Clowes carefully sets up his panels, creating subtle interplay between dialogue, settings, and the character's facial expressions. As her decade-long relationship with Rebecca ends, Enid leaves town, making her escape without telling friends or family. While the end of a friendship would likely elicit visible emotion from most teenagers, Enid's expression is hard to read; unlike her standard sneers, smiles, and smirks, it's strangely blank. Does her apparent lack of emotion undermine the compliment she pays to Rebecca, whom she may never see again? It certainly complicates any simple characterization of her feelings. Watching Rebecca and Josh as she speaks this line, Enid is alone, set against billowy clouds in the panel's background, clouds that almost threaten to envelop her. The clouds convey a sense of drama (they're a romanticized way to stage the moment), yet Enid's face is deadpan, not dramatic. Perhaps the natural environment adds, or even reveals, emotional content that her face conceals. Clowes also counterbalances the drama of the clouds with a hint of the semi-urban setting that has had such a powerful presence in Enid's life, and throughout Clowes's comic.
Enid's line has a slightly stagey quality, as if she had heard it in an old movie — one other teens would never watch — and thinks it's the kind of thing you say, the sentiment you want to feel, as you mark the finality of a closing scene. Enid acknowledges to herself (and to an imaginary audience) the tenderness of the moment she is creating. Though the line may seem stagey, even a little forced, Enid is certainly sincere, expressing genuine appreciation for her best friend. Her words are ostensibly addressed to Rebecca — Enid says “You've,” not “She's” — yet Rebecca can't possibly hear them, making this intentional failure to communicate directly the final act, or so it seems, of a troubled friendship with many moments of miscommunication and misunderstanding.
(Clowes's protagonists often confess to themselves and readers what they fail to share with other characters.) The cartoonist marks this change in their relationship by having Rebecca's look change: she's wearing glasses (previously Enid's trademark), a shift in appearance he had set up a few pages earlier, in a short but symbolically loaded scene in which Rebecca discusses trouble she's having with her eyes.
Enid is literally fading from Rebecca's — and shortly from the readers' and her author's — view.
Enid's appearance has changed as well. In the final scene, she wears the most refined and conventionally feminine outfit of the many seen in the book. Gone are the more unusual fashions, especially the punk “looks,” which had been a source of pride and anxiety for her. When Enid says “You've grown into a very beautiful young woman,” perhaps she is not addressing Rebecca, but rather herself; she wants to believe that she has naturally “grown into,” rather than consciously adopted, a new persona. This outfit is her most “adult,” the kind of clothes a young woman who wants to appear grown up might wear. Enid's choice of outfit is significant; it shows her looking ahead to the future, to her place in the adult world. Throughout the novel she often looks backward, revealing her intense investment in childhood, as seen, for example, in her attachment to a toy given to her in the 5th grade, and to a children's song she plays over and over:
Floating over Enid as if situated in one of her speech balloons, these lyrics may ‘speak' for her, articulating an unacknowledged desire: like the singer of “A Smile and a Ribbon,” she wants to be something “special” and “rare,” sentiments that foreshadow her description of Rebecca as a “beautiful young woman.” With eyes closed, Enid presses the 45 against her chest and holds one arm, an act of self-mothering in which she tries to ease the pain caused by a relationship that's falling apart and a future that's uncertain. Perhaps Enid's final line is verbal self-mothering. Speaking not about Becky but about herself, Enid says what she would want her mother to say to her as she's about the board the bus and leave home. (Ghost World is, among many things, a comic about absent mothers.)
When Enid says that Rebecca has “grown into a very beautiful young woman,” she rhetorically positions herself as an adult, as someone capable of recognizing and appreciating her friend's growth. Yet is this how Enid really feels about Becky? This carefully crafted sentiment may mask something less pleasant, something that reflects the increasingly tense nature of their friendship. Three pages earlier, Enid watches a child being cared for and quietly says aloud, “You little fucker.” The child has what she wants: a caring mother. Does Rebecca, sitting with Josh in Angel's, have what Enid wants? In the closing scene, Rebecca and Josh occupy the restaurant booth where Enid and Rebecca had spent so much time.
Enid, it seems, has been replaced. And Rebecca, as her chewed straw reveals, is distracted; perhaps she's unhappy with the state of their friendship.
Though she's sitting with Josh, she's not looking at him — is she's thinking about Enid? Since the girls had connected so strongly in the past, it's easy to imagine that they are thinking about each other at this crucial moment.
Enid decides to leave because many things in her life have gone wrong: she failed to get into college, she regrets changes in her friendships with Rebecca and Josh, and her father is dating an ex-wife she hates. Enid's departure may be inspired by Bob Skeetes and “Norman” (the name she gives him), oddballs who haunt the margins of Ghost World yet exert an inexorable pull on Enid. Like Clowes, she finds outsiders compelling; Skeetes and “Norman” play crucial roles in her life even if their ‘screen time' is limited.
Skeetes offers an astrological reading of Enid's future that connects her narrative to that of a woman from the “twenties or thirties . . . an artist of some kind, or a scholar . . . [and] a sexual libertine.” He “sees” a road “with many forks, all of which lead, it seems, to gloom” and then loses the image of the woman: “She's running away.” Maybe this reading encourages Enid to leave; shortly after it, she too runs away. Norman, Skeetes's fellow oddball, is barely visible in the story's penultimate panel; is he riding the bus around town, going nowhere? (Is this what happens to Enid after she ‘escapes our scrutiny?') In an earlier scene, the girls realized that Norman, whom they have often seen waiting at the bus stop, had boarded the bus and left — another moment that foreshadows Enid's escape. Enid may gravitate toward characters like Norman and Skeetes because they have no need to “grow into” anything. They are far past adolescence, and far beyond the personal and social pressures that weigh upon both girls.
In coming-of-age stories, the protagonist typically grows up in some way, gaining a new understanding of the world and her place in it. But the kind of growth that matters most in Ghost World might be growing apart. That Rebecca has “grown into a very beautiful young woman” means that Rebecca is growing up and away from Enid. Throughout the comic, Rebecca engages more easily with the world than Enid does; Rebecca is interested, for example, in politics, one subject among many that Enid disdains. By the end of Ghost World has Enid become more like Rebecca? Has she learned something new about the world or herself? Has Enid grown up? Clowes never answers these questions.
Changes in Enid and Rebecca are visually set up — and possibly even undermined — by literal signs of decay that we can follow throughout the story, a narrative that subtly, almost subliminally, parallels the deterioration of the girls' friendship. In this narrative (a visual 'sub-plot'), the sign for Angel's — a restaurant closely associated with Enid — repeatedly loses letters:
In the final scene, another sign carries symbolic significance: a sign for school children.
Enid walks away from the school, from what the sign represents (childhood and safety), and from nearly everyone in the panel. To her left, we see the backs of two Clowes characters — Squirrel Girl and Candy-Pants (from Eightball #16) — a younger, more playful version of the Enid-Rebecca duo. An older female pair appears in Ghost World as “Windy” and “Georgie Girl”:
Just as the playful past of Squirrel Girl and Candy-Pants is irretrievably lost to Enid and Rebecca, the happy future of Windy and Georgie Girl — who walk down the street arm in arm — is unlikely to be experienced by our heroines. Clowes's young characters, especially Enid, are trapped in an ‘eternal in-between,' the ghost world of adolescence.
**
By virtue of their location, opening and closing lines of a film, novel, or comic have an obvious importance. It makes sense, then, to read the last line of Ghost World in concert with its first (which is also spoken by Enid to Rebecca). When Enid says the final line, she's looking at Rebecca; but Rebecca, inside with Josh, doesn't see or hear her. When she says the opening line, the girls are together in Rebecca's bedroom (the clock and night setting indicate it's 11:06 pm, a contrast with the last line's daytime setting). Enid asks about a magazine she finds: “Why do you have this?”
This question expresses none of the final line's tenderness. And while phrased as a question, it's really an accusation. For Enid, the things you possess, the objects you identify with, are crucial markers of who you are. She believes that owning the hipster culture-fashion magazine Sassy is a mark against Rebecca, a sign she has failed to be sufficiently critical of the culture around her. She has bought into an authorized, commercial, and inauthentic view of the world. (When Enid says Rebecca has “grown into a very beautiful woman,” it's possible that the line contains a hint of accusation as well; Enid thinks her friend has conformed to a repressive cultural standard, the kind that Enid rejects, or at least pretends to.)
An obsession with mass culture, consumption, and authenticity will define much of Enid's struggle throughout Ghost World. One of the comic's first images shows her as a consumer and collector:
Her collection holds numerous objects, most of which fall into two age-based categories: children's books and objects (Wanda Gag's Nothing at All and the Goofie Gus toy), and adult books (Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices and Oedipus Rex). These objects hint at the struggle Enid will face throughout the book: that of leaving the past and childhood and growing into adulthood. Enid's last line conveys none of the anger present in the first. She doesn't criticize Rebecca, but rather expresses her appreciation of her. Does the final line show that Enid has grown up? Perhaps. Yet the difference between the opening line's accusation and the closing line's affirmation expresses a profound irony. Only when Enid has grown apart from Rebecca, only when they are not talking to each other (and are not even in the same place) can she say that her friend has “grown into a very beautiful woman.”
_____________________________________________________________
Ken Parille is editor of The Daniel Clowes Reader: A Critical Edition of Ghost World and Other Stories. He teaches at East Carolina University and his writing has appeared in The Best American Comics Criticism, The Believer, Nathaniel Hawthorne Review, Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature, Children's Literature, Comic Art, Boston Review, and elsewhere.
The internet is a haven for liars. It protects anonymity, and thus allows anyone to say anything without being at any real risk. At most they'll get challenged on their claims, and they'll disappear to a new comment thread or forum article to spread their smatterings elsewhere. Anyone can claim anything, and everyone has an equal voice. It's both the great opportunity and the great danger of the internet. Disingenuous comments will be shared, and sooner or later the truth is entirely concealed. This is furthered by the use of Photoshop to edit together images.
This can happen for a multitude of reasons, including downright maliciousness. Most commonly though there's commercial gain to be had. Whaddya know, the person making these wild claims is also peddling some overpriced product, and furthering bogus claims to support it is just part of their marketing activities.
A recent case in point (although actually targeted at the paleo crowd rather than vegans) is Bulletproof Coffee – a company which made wild and unsubstantiated claims about harmful mycotoxins in coffee. Good marketing to the paleo community, and the coffee was getting snapped up for about four times the price of a normal bag of high quality coffee. Only a few years later have the claims about mycotoxins been debunked, but I have little doubt that people are still buying this stuff by the kilo.
2. Community confusion and groupthink
Linked to this is the problem of group dynamics. Much of our society is built on the idea that the majority are correct. Democracy, you may wanna cover your ears for a mo…
Unfortunately, due to the psychological phenomenon of ‘groupthink' we are far more likely to allow erroneous claims to go unchallenged, especially when such a claim is being spouted by numerous members of a community. It's natural for most of us to actually avoid conflict, and allow those claims to go on.
Thus, in our natural desire to move towards cohesiveness, more and more people will get swallowed up into the erroneous points of view, and before long, factually incorrect information is being spread as the truth and going totally unchallenged.
As the group dynamic grows, so too does the difficulty of nipping it in the bud. With regards to hippiescience, perhaps this is most prevalent with the antivaccine movement: a vast but entirely irrational body, which completely ignores the decades of research disproving its beliefs. Because the group is so large it has become difficult to break it, despite scientific refutation of pretty much every single claim.
3. Protection of views
Despite our inherent desire to avoid conflict, we are also incredibly defensive of our views. Even when we are disproved by rational science, we cling to our original remarks, occasionally altering them to fit the elements that were disproven. When's the last time you enjoyed being wrong? Exactly. This is a result of cognitive dissonance – we find it difficult to reconcile the fact that we'd hold irrational beliefs, but rather than altering ourselves, we try to alter others.
It's warming up, the kids are getting excited that school is almost out, and Sacramento businesses are gearing up to provide tons of fun for all of us. It is definitely time to start planning for awesome summer memories!
This Summer Fun Guide is one gigantic roundup of water play places, fairs and festivals, movies in the park, places to get creative, free things to do, and much more all in one easy spot.
Here are over 100 ideas to make it the best summer ever!
BIG THANKS to these fabulous sponsors:
Free & Cheap Water Play
Big Water Parks
Water Rides, Splash Pads, and Dolphin Shows
Indoor Surfing
Water Sports
Dollar Movies
FREE Concerts in the Park
FREE Movies in the Park
Theatre
TRAMPOLINES
BOUNCE HOUSES
INDOOR PLAYGROUNDS
Wacky Tacky – Roseville
Climbaroo – Natomas
IMAGINATION
Busy Kidz – Folsom
MALL TOT PLAYGROUNDS
ROLLER SKATING
ICE SKATING
Skatetown – Roseville
LAZER TAG
ROCK CLIMBING
Mark your Calendar!
Special events happening all summer long…
Fire Station Open Houses
When: Saturdays, 2-4pm through October 24
What: Meet firefighters, tour the fire station, check out fire trucks up close, and more.
Where: Fire Stations throughout Sacramento – see schedule
Cost: FREE
Family Bike Nights
When: Thursday & Friday Nights, 5:30 – 8pm, June 18 – August 28
What: Ride and play throughout the miniature town. Safety Clinic, bike vendors for Q&A, and food court.
Where: Safetyville USA, 3909 Bradshaw Road, Sacramento
Cost: FREE
Roseville Downtown Tuesday Nights
When: Tuesdays, 5-9pm, through July 28
What: Live bands, kids' fun zone, farmer's market, delicious food, Xfinity Classic Car Show, Hot Rods & Classics.
Where: Vernon Street in Downtown Roseville
Cost: FREE
Family Overnight Safaris
When: June 12 – August 7
What: Camp-out with your family (2 or more people) under the stars just yards away from slumbering lions , and wake to the call of flamingos – and of course a tasty breakfast.
Where: Sacramento Zoo
Cost: $51 – $65
Family Fridays
When: Fridays, June 19 – August 7, 11am – 1pm
What: Join other families in the E. Kendell Davis Courtyard for performances, playtime, and art-making inspired by children's beloved books. Family Friday includes multisensory activities, creative fun, and a space for quiet time.
Where: Crocker Art Museum
Cost: General Admission
Family Campouts
When: June 19, July 25, August 14
What: Families set up camp all over Fairytale Town's 2.5 acres. Tents, sleeping bags, blankets, chairs and picnic dinners. Scavenger hunts, a theater performance, sing-alongs, arts and crafts, bedtime stories and more.
Where: Fairytale Town
Cost: $25 – 30 per person includes all activities and overnight admission
$4 Fridays at the Museum
When: Fridays – June 26, July 24, August 28, and September 25
What: On June 27th, look forward to: Live Music by The Hoots, Face Painting, Food Trucks, A classic car from the California Automobile Museum, Special Outdoor Activities and of course, Museum play.
Where: Sacramento Children's Museum
Cost: $4.00 per person
Dive-in Movie Night at Cottage Pool
When: July 3rd, August 7th
What: Public swim from 7-8:30, Movie plays at 9:00. Goonies on July 3rd, Big Hero 6 on August 7.
Where: Cottage Pool, 3097 Cottage Way
Cost: $2.50 per person for swim, movie FREE
Special Events for each summer month in date order…
June Special Events
Family Health & Safety Expo
When: June 13, 10am – 3pm
What: Over 80 booths with Health, Safety & Recreational Resources for families, live entertainment, safety demonstrations, raffles, free giveaways, and more.
Where: Safetyville USA, 3909 Bradshaw Road, Sacramento
Cost: FREE
Free Concert & Car Show
When: Sunday, June 14; 5-7pm
What: Mission Oaks Parks and Recreation is putting on a concert featuring the band Hip Service. There will also be a car show and food trucks.
Where: Swanston Park
Cost: FREE
Auburn's Party in the Park
When: Friday, June 19
What: Live bands, kid zone, crafts, food court.
Where: Regional Park
Cost: FREE
Mommy & Me Day at Raley Field
When: Wednesday, June 22; 9am – 12noon
What: Variety of activities for kids 6 and under on the outfield including playing catch, and exploring the River Cats' inflatable bounce house and obstacle course. The River Cats' mascot Dinger will be on hand to entertain children and parents alike.
Where: Raley Field
Cost: FREE
A Midsummer Night's Dream & Crystal Ice Cream Fantasy
When: Saturday, June 27; 5-9pm
What: A magical midsummer's eve featuring multiple ice cream tasting stations, live entertainment, hands-on activities, an enchanted marketplace and more!
Where: Fairytale Town
Cost: Advance tickets $15.00 Adults and $7.00 Kids
Mister Cooper at Music in the Park
When: Sunday, June 28; 6-8pm
What: Our favorite local musician and music educator, Mister Cooper, will be kicking off the 2015 Music in the Park concert series again this year at the beautiful Curtis Park. His two sets start at 6pm and 7pm.
Where: Curtis Park
Cost: FREE
July Special Events
Miniature Steam Train Rides
When: July 6-7; 11am – 3pm
What: Ride a miniature steam train through the trees of Hagan Community Park.
Where: Hagan Community Park behind the Petting Barn.
Cost: FREE; donations appreciated
4th of July Celebrations & Fireworks
August Special Events
Cat & the Fiddle Festival
When: August 1-2; 11am – 2:15pm
What: Hey diddle, diddle the Cat & the Fiddle Music Festival is back again! Join Fairytale Town as we celebrate music and fun in the summer sun with two days of live music! Families can enjoy rockin' daytime concerts on the Mother Goose Stage each day. The lineup includes Mister Cooper, Musical Robot, The Raytones, Music Matt, The Poodlums, and The Hipwaders.
Where: Fairytale Town
Cost: Free with park admission
September Special Events
Astronomy and Stargazing
When: Saturday, September 19; 7-9pm
What: Special focus on Saturn, Mars, Moon, stars. An astronomer will weave tales of the galaxies and explore the night sky with his telescopes.
Where: Placer Nature Center
Cost: $7.00 per person
Big Thanks to these fabulous sponsors:
Please pin this page, post this to Facebook, save the link to your homescreen, or bookmark this link so you can come back over and over again this summer.
Happy Summer!
Category: Blog, Summer
Chickens in the City – Practical Advice on Managing an Urban Coop and the Neighbors
August 13, 2012 | Minda Berbeco
Chickens pecking at your toes? Fresh eggs daily? Sounds like rural living. With the rise of the urban locavore movement, though, poultry are becoming commonplace in cities all over the country.
When Khrysti Smyth first started keeping chickens in her urban yard in Somerville Massachusetts, it was not only for the fresh eggs, but to reconnect with nature.
“I have been a green living practitioner and advocate for my entire life,” she said, but after moving to Somerville and selling her car she found herself “city-locked”. She started to feel detached from nature and wanted to bring it back into her life.
For her, chicken keeping quickly became a natural antidote to city living.
As someone starting out with chickens in an urban environment, there were many practical questions to answer: How much would it cost? What would chickens do to the lawn? How would the neighbors react? Having successfully negotiated these muddy waters herself, Smyth has extended her love of the birds into a small business, helping other urbanites bring chickens into their homes. Now, she has some tips for you.
Costs and Coops: the practical side to chicken keeping
The greatest cost associated with chickens is the initial set up, including the coop. The trade off, Smyth says, is between time and money. For example, she built her chicken coop entirely from Craigslist materials, costing her less than $500, but also 3-4 months of her time. Chickens themselves range in price, too. Chicks can cost between $3-10, while laying-aged hens can be as much as $75.
Smyth sells a coop and bird set up, complete with installation, for $1,000-$1,500. As it can take up to a year before chicks start laying, buying a complete set-up means that her customers can have a chicken coop with laying birds within a few days rather than months or even years.
Typically, feed is the only reoccurring cost chicken owners have after the initial set up. In the summer, Smyth reports that her 14 chickens will go through a 50-pound bag of chicken feed (costing under $20) in about one and a half months. In the winter, with fewer alternative food options, the chickens go through the feed a little faster.
“The more you have them free-ranging and the more fruits and veggies you feed them, the less chicken food they eat,” Smyth said.
For all that work, Smyth reports that she can get between 4-5 eggs per bird per week, with ornamental chickens laying slightly less than that.
Grit and Grass: What are chickens going to do to the yard?
Though chickens are appreciated for their eggs, new owners and their neighbors are often concerned about the problems poultry can bring, such as attracting pest animals and destroying lawns.
Smyth says that the potential for increased urban pests is “not entirely a misconception, but it has been amplified more than is realistic.”
“As long as you manage it in such a way that does not make [the food] easily accessible, even if [pests] show up once, they are not going to stick around because there is something easier to get down the block.”
She encourages chicken owners to keep all their food in pest-proof containers, design their coops to keep critters out, and ensure that the chicken coop won't provide the easiest meal on the block. In urban environments, most pests have better options.
But what about your lawn or garden?
“Anything green or leafy that you might eat, [the chickens] definitely want to eat,” Smyth reports. She recommends poultry netting to keep chickens away from gardens and moving the enclosure daily to ensure that they don't do too much damage to any one area.
She notes that many farmers will use chickens to till and fertilize a garden after it's been harvested. “It's a great way to put your animals to work in your garden area.”
The Other Pest: how to manage your neighbors
Surprisingly, keeping birds out of gardens and away from opportunist rodents can be chickenfeed compared to the challenges of dealing with the human neighbors in an urban environment.
Smyth has had a lot of success bringing chickens to her neighborhood in Somerville, displaying them in classrooms and even having them meet the mayor. Unfortunately, not all urban poultry owners are as lucky.
Blake Brasher was living in the adjacent city of Cambridge, when he and his housemates decided to purchase a few chickens and ducks.
“We had two chickens and three ducks. Each duck had its own personality and would run out to greet us when we went into the yard,” Brasher says. “We considered them pets with benefits; the benefits being the eggs.”
He even noticed a benefit to his yard. “The birds were wonderful at keeping the rats at bay and at eating slugs, which are a big garden pest in New England. Many of our garden plants thrived that year. It was a pleasure to hang out with the birds, and a number of our friends and neighbors would come over to see them regularly.”
It wasn't long though before one neighbor started to complain to the city. There was concern about rats, noises, housing values and even bird flu.
At the time, the city of Cambridge did not have any laws or zoning ordinances related to managing urban poultry. And as a result, the city was forced to interpret existing zoning ordinances. The interpretation for Brasher and his housemates was not good, ultimately requiring them to get rid of their birds.
“It was not a happy ending,” Brasher said. The birds were sent off to a local learning farm, where the chickens died within a few weeks from disease and the ducks were eaten by predators.
According to the city of Cambridge, poultry keeping is not permitted at this time, leaving other chicken owners in the city at the mercy of neighbors and city zoning boards.
“I guess the key would be to have good relations with your neighbors,” Brasher says. “We had discussed within the house whether or not we should try to ask for permission from our neighbors before getting the birds, but we felt like our relationship was such that she would say no to anything we asked.”
Smyth says that it's common for people to not want to deal with neighbors. “The risk is that you are going to have one neighbor who is absolutely opposed to it. If you open that flood gate of communication, you are going to hear all about why this is a terrible idea.”
She adds that getting as many people on your side ahead of time is key. “I was proactive with my neighbors,” Smyth said. She brought them a plan, which detailed the number of chickens and the layout of their coop, inviting them to respond. She also hyped up the fact that there would be eggs, “which is really good for placating neighbors.”
Since first getting her chickens, Smyth has helped the city of Somerville change their ordinances to allow up to 6 hens and disallow roosters, which can be a nuisance to neighbors.
Keeping a tidy coop, using her birds for outreach and including her neighbors in her planning has allowed Smyth to safely keep chickens in her urban yard for several years now. She sees chicken-keeping as a neighborhood activity, and her goal is to be able to share a little piece of nature with other city dwellers.
“Having a garden and giving produce to your neighbors is one thing,” Smyth said. “Having chickens and having everybody want to come over to meet them and show their kids really helps develop the community.”
UPDATE: This article has offended many readers. I will avoid politics in general but still will post time to time. I stand by this article but want to make something clear. I do not think all of Paul's followers are racists (including many close friends), I happen to agree with Paul on many issues especially foreign policy and the drug war. However I stand by his statement that he is a racist, even though many of his followers are not. I still have heard no arguments which prove this otherwise.
This article will offend MANY readers:
We try to stay apolitical at ValueWalk but as the elections come closer it is very hard to not opine.
However the worst candidate in the GOP is Ron Paul. We will not get into policy debates, but Paul is a racist. In an interview Ron Paul called gaza a concentration camp.
Paul has never recounted. These remarks are highly anti-semitic, and highly offensive to Holocaust survivors. Until Paul recants these words we consider him to be a bigot and racist.
Maybe Paul should view some pictures. Or speak to Gaza residents and Concentration camp survivors, and see where he would rather spend a few years.
We do not like simplistic one line arguments, but Paul made this one simplistic with his use of words. Until Paul even attempts to apologize or retract we will still hold our same view.
Below are some pictures from Mauthausen, a concentration camp based in Austria (it was not even a death camp), and pictures from Gaza. Readers can guess which pictures are which. We tried to be objective by showing the most relevant pictures from Google search of both places. However without getting into mid-east politics, it must be noted that most people in Gaza are intentionally put in harms way by terrorist groups, while concentration camp inmates were victimized for no reaso
A picture is worth 1,000 words see below (WARNING THESE IMAGES ARE VERY GRAPHIC):
Comments are now closed. I cant deal all day ripping apart ridiculous arguments made by people who spend their life on forums worshiping Ron Paul make. Yes you can confirm that if you look at some of the commentors disquss profiles.
Iraqis have ridiculed a cleric who said in a sermon that people should cut down on chocolate bars to fight the country's economic crisis.
At a Baghdad mosque on Friday, Sheikh Jalaleddin al-Saghir took aim at Iraqis' immoderate love of "Nestle" - a generic term for chocolate bars which they pronounce "Nestelleh".
"Brothers, chocolate bars are not necessary. Restrict your spending because you may be in need tomorrow," said the cleric, a former MP from one of the country's leading parties.
A video of the sermon, in which Saghir suggests Iraqis could save two-thirds of their salaries if they tried a bit harder, has since gone viral, drawing widespread online anger and derision.
Nabil Jassem, a leading journalist and key figure of a protest movement formed last year against corruption and poor services, released his own video message.
"No, your eminence, chocolate bars are very necessary. Why has this fate befallen us?" he asked.
"We did not eat chocolate bars in the eighties, we did not eat chocolate bars in the nineties. Are we a poor people, is our state a poor state?"
Iraq has some of the world's largest proven oil reserves, but years of corruption and mismanagement combined with plunging oil prices have left it dangerously close to insolvency.
In comments to posts of the cleric's video, many argued that a worse case of bad spending might be the millions allotted to the privileges Iraqi politicians enjoy, such as lifetime bodyguard protection for former MPs.
A chocolate bar costs an average of 20 US cents in Iraq.
Internet users flooded social media sites with poems, cartoons and photomontages showing Saghir's effigy on various popular snack bars, including one that was rebranded "Chocoladdin" for the occasion.
A spokesman for the Supreme Iraqi Islamic Council party to which Saghir belongs stepped in with his own video posted online.
"Whoever attacks Sheikh Saghir will regret such a base act," Baligh Abu Gilal said.
Facebook should hire fact-checkers. Here's what they would do
Media criticism of Facebook is pouring in after a lack of editorial oversight on Monday led to a new Trending Topics-related hiccup (in case you missed it, the social network highlighted a totally fake story about Fox News host Megyn Kelly).
While the previous brouhaha erupted over the tricky ethical issue of whether Facebook should balance political perspectives in its highlighted news stories, the current problem seems much more straightforward, with an obvious fix.
Facebook just needs to hire a team of fact-checkers. No need to splurge, either: A team of 10 or so would do the trick.
The fact-checkers would steer away from personal posts and pages. Your crazy uncle's tirades would be outside the remit of the Facebook Fact Team (that's your job). But public pages and posts would be fair game. Priority would be given to the pages categorizing themselves in the “Media/News/Publishing” sector and any high engagement or high reach posts.
So what would the Facebook Fact Team do, specifically? Here are three possible tasks:
Weed out sources of information that consistently peddle fake news. Facebook could introduce a “three strikes and you're out” policy that would decrease the reach of pages that consistently share links to fake stories on their own site.
Once you've shared enough fake stories, your reach automatically gets cut to one-tenth of its potential size. As Buzzfeed hoaxbuster Craig Silverman noted recently, fake news websites are experimenting with business models just like legitimate news outlets. Reducing the traffic they're granted by Facebook would dramatically decrease the incentive to publish fake stories. Aggressively reduce the reach of posts that are discovered to be false. Facebook is doing so already, but there are at least two problems with the current system.
First, the stimulus originates from readers rather than professional fact-checkers, and readers may be imprecise or have other motivations to flag the content. And Facebook isn't transparent about how powerful the reach penalty for fake news is, or why de-emphasized stories have been taken down a peg. The current annotation, “many people on Facebook have reported that this story contains false information,” should be spelled out in shiny red letters and made far more prominent. Spot claims and articles that have been fact-checked elsewhere and offer a “related fact check” underneath the original article just like it currently shares related pages or stories. This could be deployed only in the most extreme cases, where the story was reported entirely false by established fact-checkers.
Is Facebook game? In Rome earlier this week, Zuckerberg repeated that he did not want Facebook to become a media organization. Regardless of whether that ship has sailed or not, hiring fact-checkers does not have to compromise his vision. It would, in fact, reinforce Facebook's stated “News Feed Values,” which say the network's experience should be “informative.”
And it would represent a private company responding to concerns from its users about the trustworthiness of the information available on the network. Most importantly, it would have the added benefit of helping reduce misinformation.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
In Coming Out Atheist: How to Do It, How to Help Each Other, and Why Greta Christina provides a highly readable, helpful guide to the issues atheists face on whether and how to come out as an atheist. While seemingly narrow in scope, the book's audience is actually wider than you might think. As Christina points out, coming out is a process that never ends for atheists, as even those who already consider themselves out are constantly entering new situations where the suggestions and examples in this book can be applied.
The book is basically segmented into three broad areas. The first question addressed is “Why Come Out as an Atheist?” Christina argues for doing so, not just for personal clarity and peace of mind, but for the general good of increasing the visibility of atheists in society, which helps make atheism more accepted. But she qualifies this with consideration of special circumstances, such as financial considerations, family considerations, and timing.
The bulk of the book then addresses the question of how to come out. Here, her chapter on “The Basics” outlines eighteen general considerations that have to be given thought by everyone who is an atheist. Then, in in chapter after chapter, Christina explores and expands those basics while coming out in a variety of specific settings to a variety of people, from spouses, to family, to friends, to co-workers, and to the community at large. She discusses considerations as to the best order to address them, timing, and so on. There are also chapters for coming out in the military, in high school, as a clergy person, in highly conservative communities, and in highly religious families. While some might be tempted to read only those chapters that would apply directly to them, all have points that are applicable and valuable to a myriad of situations.
While there are many variations of coming out, the two general categories are “The Big Announcement” and the slower “No Big Deal I Mention It When It Comes Up” method. Christina does a good job of exploring how each works in the various situations above. In either situation she stresses one point: As much as you may try to control the timing to different groups, or even keep it hidden from particular groups, once you start coming out, be prepared for anyone in your life to find out.
The third and final part of the book addresses the need to build communities of atheists to support each other in coming out and living an openly atheistic life. The more people that do so, the easier it is for others to, both because of the ease of finding support, and the more general acceptance in society that sheer numbers bring. A resource guide at the end is very helpful, with references and websites that even longtime atheists may not know of.
Christina is an excellent writer and journalist. Her style is breezy and easy to read, and she follows up general points with specific, real-life coming out stories and experiences that are illustrative of the larger point. She has a good way of telling stories of people who have come out and how they dealt with specific situations.
Another point she emphasizes that far too few atheists pay attention to is that the simple affirmation, “I am an Atheist,” can seem to be (and actually is) a direct attack on people's own beliefs. It's not a case of “I like oranges and you like apples” but rather “you like apples, I don't think they exist.” It's more than a simple difference of opinion, and one has to be cognizant of that when coming out.
Another point Christina makes over and over is that coming out usually (and she does emphasize usually, not always) goes much more smoothly and with much less trauma than people think it will. But no matter how the coming out goes, she can cite, in all but one case, that every atheist she interviewed is glad they did it. The only regrets some have is the way that it came out, and that is where Christina's book can provide a useful blueprint and life guide for any atheist.
President Obama's secretary of education is backing a Massachusetts ballot question that would allow for a major charter school expansion in the state.
“Certainly if I lived in Massachusetts and was a Massachusetts voter, I would be voting in support of the ballot measure,” said John King, the secretary, in an interview with the Globe Friday night.
King, who helped found a charter school in Boston, did not utter the word “endorsement,” even when pressed. But his comments offer the clearest indication yet that the Obama administration supports Question 2, a referendum that has attracted deep interest from national charter school advocates who view the state as an important testing ground.
Advertisement
Millions of dollars in campaign donations have poured into the “Yes on 2” effort from around the country, and teachers unions have waged a sharp fight to beat back the measure, which would allow for 12 new or expanded charter schools per year.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Charters, which currently number 78 statewide, have more control over budgets and hiring than traditional public schools and are generally not unionized.
Urban charters in Massachusetts have produced strong results with black and Latino students and supporters hold them up as a vital alternative for families in poor neighborhoods. Critics say they drain too much money from the traditional public schools that serve most students.
A Suffolk University-Boston Globe poll taken last week showed 45.4 percent of voters support the charter-expansion ballot measure and 45.4 percent oppose it. A more recent poll from Western New England University gives the “no” side a wide lead.
King's comments put him in league with the state's Republican governor, Charlie Baker, who is a strong supporter of Question 2, and at odds with the Massachusetts Democratic Party, which opposes the measure along with prominent local Democrats Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh and US Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Advertisement
Several surveys show, to varying degrees, that rank-and-file Democratic voters have also turned against the measure in recent months. And proponents have been working to shore up left-leaning support, in part, by pointing to Hillary Clinton's and Obama's support for charter schools.
The “Yes on 2” campaign recently released a Web video filled with clips of the president speaking in favor of charters. And the advocacy group Democrats for Education Reform launched a $500,000 phone call, mailing, and advertising campaign dubbed “Advancing Obama's Legacy on Charter Schools.”
“For me, what it comes down to is, what's the best thing to do to improve educational performance in Massachusetts?” said King, who helped found Roxbury Preparatory Charter School before climbing the ranks to secretary of education. “What's the best thing to do to close the very significant achievement gaps for low-income students and students of color in Massachusetts? . . . What's the best thing to do to ensure that families who want a better opportunity for their kids have access to that opportunity? And to me, the answer to all of those questions is to support the ballot measure.”
Steve Crawford, a spokesman for the Campaign to Save Our Public Schools, which opposes Question 2, noted that King is on record saying charters and other schools have to rein in their sometimes strict discipline policies. And he pointed out that Roxbury Prep has had some of the highest suspension rates in the state in recent years.
“It's an issue he could have addressed as secretary before now,” Crawford said, “and his support of Question 2 needs to be examined with that in mind.”
Advertisement
King, in his interview with the Globe, highlighted an Obama administration initiative to rethink school discipline practices and noted that Uncommon Schools, a charter network that includes Roxbury Prep, is participating.
King said he has not spoken with Obama about Question 2 and noted that the president usually does not take positions on local issues.
David Scharfenberg can be reached at david.scharfenberg@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @dscharfGlobe
How should you celebrate Mother's Day when your mother was emotionally abusive?
Short answer: You don't have to celebrate it.
Short answer for adult survivors who are mothers: You celebrate your being a mom, and you reflect, pray, and learn about being a better one every day.
Last year, I wrote about celebrating Mother's Day when you have an abusive mother. But this year, I wanted to write about another option: ignoring the holiday altogether.
You can ignore Mother's Day, you know.
You're not under any moral obligation to celebrate this holiday. After all, it didn't even come to existence until 1914! Anna Jarvis started Mother's Day in the United States to honor her mom's life and inspire people to honor their own moms. But the holiday got quickly out of control, with huge candy corporations and greeting-card companies exploiting the holiday, and by the early 1920s, Anna Jarvis wanted to abolish Mother's Day.
Beginning around 1920, she urged people to stop buying flowers and other gifts for their mothers, and she turned against her former commercial supporters. She referred to the florists, greeting card manufacturers and the confectionery industry as ‘charlatans, bandits, pirates, racketeers, kidnappers and termites that would undermine with their greed one of the finest, noblest and truest movements and celebrations.'” (Mental Floss article)
All that to say that if the founder of the holiday can hate Mother's Day, you can, too!
1. Remember that this holiday may not pertain to you at all
Seriously. Do you celebrate every other holiday? If you don't have an admin, do you celebrate Administrative Assistant Week? If you don't know a nurse or aren't you, do you celebrate National Nurses Day?
Likewise, when you have an emotionally abusive mother, you didn't have one worth celebrating. And, as Anna Valerious wrote on her brilliant Narcissists Suck blog, Mother's Day is for honoring good mothers.
2. Avoid social media until the Mother's Day frenzy dies down
You don't have to ignore everyone on social media forever. But you may want to take the next couple of days off your social media platforms.
“At its best, social media allows us to connect and keep up with friends and people we don't see very often,” writes Mark Widdowson in his The Conversation article. “It allows us to have short interactions with them that keep the relationships going when we don't have much free time. At its worst, social media can, it seems, feed into feelings of inadequacy.”
Do not feel guilty about giving yourself a break from social media.
Do not think it's a sign of weakness if you need to avoid social media right now. Avoiding social media may be what your heart needs right now, and that's OK. You need to take care of you.
Myriad adult survivors cannot bear the constant barrage right now of people sharing memes about amazing mothers or photos of Mother's Day celebrations or text posts about how mothers are all incredible.
So, don't expose yourself to them. If you do, you might grow more and more resentful. Worse, you may start leaving comments about your own personal pain and childhood suffering—which are not appropriate at the time. You don't want to ruin a good mom's happy day by leaving a long comment about how your own mother sucked and broke your heart. That may be true, but pissing on someone's parade won't make you feel better. (If you do want to vent, you can always come here to The Invisible Scar and leave comments on this post. Readers here understand that, no, not all mothers were loving and nurturing.)
3. Be mindful of your TV viewing
All the commercials. All. the. commercials. Anna Jarvis thought Mother's Day was overdone in the 1920s… can you imagine what she'd say about today's over-the-top celebrations?
Avoid seeing the commercials by not watching TV. Instead, pop in a DVD of something you've been meaning to see but put off. Or Netflix binge a new (or new-to-you) TV series. (At The Invisible Scar, we're partial to Sherlock, Foyle's War, and Arrow.)
If you feel like cutting off TV is like isolating yourself too much, then find some other non-celebratory friends and have a dinner party or movie-viewing party at home. Or do something fun in the unplugged world.
4. Go through your day like every other Sunday
How'd you celebrate last Sunday? Maybe it's how you like to spend your Sundays. Well, you can do that this Sunday instead of celebrating Mother's Day.
Again, you don't owe it to anyone to celebrate a holiday that does not resonate with you.
* * *
What to Tell People If They Ask You
Some adult survivors worry about what they will tell people who ask them about Mother's Day. Emotional child abuse survivors tend to overexplain themselves and anticipate problems, both possible and improbable, and the stress of what people will ask or what people will say can make them sick.
So, here are some ideas for tackling those social situations.
Other Person: How was your Mother's Day?
You: I had a nice Sunday, thanks for asking. [change subject]
Other Person: Happy Mother's Day!
You: Hope you have a good day, too.
Other Person: So, happy Mother's Day! Did you do anything special?
You: I have a lovely/good/fun/relaxing Sunday, thanks. [change subject]
Those answers work if you'd rather not get into your past. You're not lying; you mention Sunday and a day, not Mother's Day. And you're not being rude. Just succinct.
But say, you want to touch briefly on what your childhood was like. Then maybe these approaches can help…
Other Person: How was your Mother's Day?
You: Oh, just like any other day. Thanks. [change subject]
Other Person: Did you have a fun Mother's Day?
You: I don't really do Mother's Day, but, yeah, I had a great Sunday. [change subject]
Note that in those examples, you change the subject after answering. That's because you may not be up to asking, “How was yours?” and then get stuck listening to answers that make you feel sad and sort of hurt and a wee bit jealous and maybe, on a certain level, like a little emotionally abandoned kid again.
And that's fine. You don't have to reciprocate that curiosity about your day. Your good friends will understand why you don't want to dig too deep into the going-ons of the day. And strangers who ask just really want to either seem polite or just talk about themselves.
You're fine keeping any answer brief and friendly, and then changing the subject.
What to Tell Your Family Members When They Ask You About the Holiday
You don't have to tell them anything. But if you're feeling guilty about not getting together with your mom, you can tell them the truth. Always speak the truth—even if your voice shakes.
Speaking the truth doesn't mean you have to be long-winded, explain everything, and/or divulge all your secrets. Speaking the truth means not bullshitting other people, not feeding the lies that surround family dynamics, not continuing to participate in a toxic relationship for the sake of appearances or hurting someone's feelings.
If a relative asks you about Mother's Day, you say, “I'm doing something different this year. Thanks for asking.” And you change the subject.
If a relative cries and tells you that your mother's heart is breaking and everyone yells, screams, and tries to guilt you into meeting up with your mother and perpetuating the myth that she is a good one and doesn't royally suck, you say, “I'm doing something different this year. Thanks for asking.” And you hang up or walk away or close the door.
If your abusive mother calls you or leaves voicemail messages weeping that she did everything for you, that you're an ingrate and terrible person, that she's going to end up at the hospital because of her nerves, that she will die from shame and heartbreak, you say, “This shouldn't be a surprise to you. We've discussed my childhood before. You know how I feel. So, I'm doing something different this year.” And you hang up or walk away or close the door.
Be strong. Be strong in the light and the truth. Stand in the truth, even if you have to stand alone. (And know that you're not alone. We're here.)
* * *
The choice to celebrate Mother's Day or not is yours. This article covered the angle of ignoring the holiday, but you also have the option of celebrating Mother's Day in your own way.
You can honor the woman in your life who was like a loving mother to you, celebrate the good moms that your friends are, reach out and mother yourself, or focus on being a good mom yourself. In the Catholic culture, Mother's Day is also one that honors the Blessed Mother.
Onward and upward.
Veronica Jarski is founder and managing editor of The Invisible Scar, a passion project dedicated to raising awareness of emotional child abuse and its effects on adult survivors. She has extensive editorial experience and a bachelor's degree in journalism. Her work has been featured on myriad publications, such as Kapost, MarketingProfs, and Ragan.
For his voters, Donald Trump's election seemed to validate the retrograde values he has professed. Above, Trump at the White House on Nov. 10, 2016. Jim Watson/Getty Images
If you go by public surveys, American racism has been in decline for decades. If you look at the news, that trend line is hard to believe. The Southern Poverty Law Center has described what it calls the “Trump Effect,” a measurable rise in bigotry, assault, and intimidation even just since this year's election. News organizations, including Slate, have been tracking what appears to be a spike in hate crimes and incidents of harassment. Maybe that decline in racism in public surveys didn't reflect a change in attitudes. Perhaps the ascendancy of Donald Trump shows that white Americans only learned, for a time, to keep that prejudice to themselves.
But another diagnosis of our current plight suggests that racism really had been in decline until recently. Some have framed this as the “P.C. backlash” theory—the idea that “politically correct bullshit,” in Bill Maher's phrasing, inspired millions of Americans to vote for Trump. To put that in a less Breitbart-friendly way, the idea is that the desire to counter racism might itself end up fomenting prejudice. Based on what we know about the human mind and the psychology of bias, should this “backlash” explanation of the Trump Effect carry any weight?
The notion of an automatic and unconscious psychic rebound has long been baked into pop psychology under the rubric of “repression.” According to a line of research pioneered by social psychologist Daniel Wegner in the late 1980s, something similar can happen on a conscious level, too. The more you try to banish something from your mind, the more you dwell on its absence, which in turn can set the stage for its return. In the same way aggressive dieting can lead to overeating, Wegner said, so can too much effort spent suppressing thoughts make those thoughts more intense. When he asked subjects not to think about an old flame, for example, he found they ended up more lovelorn and preoccupied than they were before. As the first wave of anxiety over political correctness broke in the early 1990s, researchers began to wonder if Wegner's theory might apply to the stifling of racial prejudice. In 1994, psychologists in Cardiff, Wales, produced evidence that the act of deliberately suppressing your stereotypes could end up making you more biased than you were before—a backlash-type phenomenon they called “stereotype rebound.”
The Welsh team's findings, and Wegner's, too, should be viewed with skepticism. As recent replication projects have demonstrated, research methodologies that seemed perfectly appropriate in 1994 would be scoffed at today. But even if support for Wegner's “thought suppression” has been exaggerated, several other lines of evidence hint at a similar effect. By the 1990s, psychologists understood that freely stated racial prejudice against black Americans was on the wane. Yet it seemed obvious that racism hadn't really gone away. Instead, it had carried on as a subtler sickness, one that's now less openly expressed but still drives the behaviors of both institutions and individuals. So researchers tried to figure out a way to measure all the bias that was being bottled up and determine whether it might start to leak.
One approach tested people's “implicit bias,” the kind you wouldn't even know you had, and found that it's widespread. Even those of us who think we're free of prejudice will be subject to these automatic attitudes arising from the media, early-life experiences, and other sources. (During one of this year's presidential debates, Hillary Clinton called implicit bias “a problem for everyone.”)
Another tried to identify and understand the people who might be conscious of their prejudice but chose to hide it in surveys. Most people, when asked, will deny having racist views. It's less obvious what drives that denial—is it a set of deeply held beliefs about the world or just a desire to fit in? In 1998, Ashby Plant and Trish Devine of the University of Wisconsin put out a simple tool for sussing out this distinction. They asked college students to rate their agreement with two different sets of statements. The first tried to get at their internal motivations—for example, how much would the students agree that “Being nonprejudiced is important to my self-concept”? The second set referred to more outward-looking motivations, e.g., “I try to hide any negative thoughts about black people in order to avoid negative reactions from others.”
Plant and Devine found that people varied in their reasons for disclaiming racial prejudice: Some felt both internal and external pressure, others only one of the two. They followed up a few years later with a study of “the implications of complying with pro-black pressure” for people in each group. The results probably won't be shocking: The people who were highly motivated by outward-looking motivations (and less so by internal values) showed signs of “backlash,” at least in relative terms. They reported feeling more annoyed than the other students by the “P.C. standards” on campus and more angry or threatened by pressure to promote diversity.
How would this play out over time? Another prejudice researcher, Chris Crandall, proposed that a person's motivations shift as he becomes more invested in the norms of his community. A freshman might show up on campus and find his views on, say, the role of women to be at odds with those of his peers. At first, he'd be motivated to conceal those views for the sake of avoiding conflict. Then, as he came to identify with the culture of the university, he'd adopt its values to the core. In a sense, that's the point of having anti-racist standards, either on a college campus or in the society at large: They're supposed to work on people from the outside in, first pushing prejudice into hiding and then helping drive that bias away for good.
The story of Derek Black, the white nationalist who disavowed his deeply held beliefs after attending a liberal college, is an example of how this can happen in practice. But when norms are too restrictive, Crandall says, the process doesn't always work as intended. Indeed, there may be a kind of sweet spot for minimizing both prejudice and the possibility of backlash. In the context of a university, administrators should be “somewhat more disapproving of prejudiced speech than their students,” he argues, but warns that, “as your norms get more and more stringent, more and more people will reject them. You crank it up more and more, and then you just lose people.”
One study from 2011 showed how certain types of campus pressure can end up making college kids express more prejudice than they would otherwise. At the University of Toronto, social psychologists Lisa Legault, Michael Inzlicht, and Jennifer Gutsell drafted two versions of a “prejudice-reduction” brochure and handed each to several dozen undergrads, none of whom were black. The first appealed to the students' internal motivations: “You are free to choose to value nonprejudice,” it said. “In today's increasingly diverse and multicultural society, such a personal choice is likely to help you feel connected to yourself and your social world.” The other brochure was more prescriptive, even threatening, in its tone: “We should all refrain from negative stereotyping,” it read. “It is, after all, the politically and socially correct thing to do, and it's something that society demands of us.” When Legault, Inzlicht, and Gutsell measured the students' prejudice against black people with a standard questionnaire, the ones who'd received the more prescriptive brochure displayed more prejudice, on average, than the students who got either no brochure or the one with a more forgiving tone. (Inzlicht, a vocal advocate for improving research methods in his field, notes that while the results from this paper seem robust, they haven't yet been replicated by an independent lab and should thus be treated as provisional.)
All this research seems to validate the old, intuitive (and rather glib) idea that telling people what to do sometimes makes them do the opposite. But there could be something else at play. When we call out racial prejudice—or even claim, like Clinton did, that “implicit bias is a problem for everyone”—we may reinforce the idea that it's normal to be prejudiced. And if there's one thing psychology studies have demonstrated repeatedly, it's that most people want to act normal.
Lots of research shows you can influence behavior by telling people how others in their community are likely to behave and nudging them to follow suit. Ten years ago, Arizona State University psychologists Robert Cialdini and Linda Demaine applied this notion to the Petrified Forest National Park, where visitors had been taking bits of wood in spite of clearly posted rules. The researchers wanted to know if they could reduce this misbehavior by tweaking the park's anti-theft message. Over a span of five weekends, they placed more than 1,000 bits of wood along the visitor paths as bait and swapped out different signs to see what happened.
Cialdini, Demaine, and their colleagues found the lowest rates of theft—1.5 percent of all the baits—when their signs instructed people not to steal, and added the following factual statement: “The vast majority of past visitors have left the petrified wood in the park, preserving the natural state of the Petrified Forest.” (Though the forest was losing 14 tons of wood per year, only about 1 in 20 visitors were stealing from the park.) When the anti-theft signage focused on the miscreants instead, noting that “many past visitors have removed the petrified wood from the park, changing the state of the Petrified Forest,” rates of theft shot up to 8 percent. In other words, signs implying (and decrying the fact) that a lot of people steal seemed to make the stealing worse.
People may have a similar, unfortunate response to anti-prejudice campaigns. A pair of business school professors, Michelle Duguid and Melissa Tomas-Hunt, tested this idea in several different ways for a paper published in 2015. For one experiment, they showed students a photo of an older man and had them write a story about a typical day in his life, while warning them to avoid stereotypes. Half the students were informed that, according to a very influential body of psychological research, “the vast majority of people” are afflicted by “stereotypical preconceptions” and related bias. The other half was told that a very influential body of research finds the opposite, that “very few people” are biased.
When the researchers looked at the students' stories—measuring the extent to which they relied on notions that old people are fragile, dependent, and so forth—they found a clear difference: People who'd been told that stereotypes are common were more likely to indulge in stereotypical descriptions. Duguid and Tomas-Hunt were able to replicate this effect in several different groups of 300 subjects each, including both working adults and undergraduates, and when asking their subjects to avoid stereotypes about women and people who are overweight. “Publicizing the notion that everyone stereotypes might create a descriptive social norm for stereotyping,” they concluded. “Ironically, the very approach purported to reduce stereotyping may backfire and actually increase its occurrence.”
Though Donald Trump may have gotten 2 million fewer votes than Hillary Clinton, his election to the presidency seemed to validate the values he has come to represent. It made them seem more normal. All throughout the campaign, Trump's most intense supporters claimed their candidate only “said what everyone is thinking,” even as they acknowledged that those thoughts weren't always pretty. Like the thieves in the Petrified Forest, these people gleaned that their own beliefs about immigrants and Muslims, for example, weren't so aberrant—that they might just align with everybody else's.
There are many good reasons for journalists to highlight postelection acts of hate and racial prejudice, starting with the role such publicity plays in supporting current and potential victims. But it's possible that outrage over Trump's ascendancy and the Trump Effect could intensify the backlash, by reinforcing the racists' own, misleading premise—that their views have become the norm. When the New York Times gives A1 over to neo-Nazis shouting “Heil victory” in a Washington, D.C., conference room (and when the video of that rally goes viral), the actions of several hundred racists may get amplified to the point where, for those of a certain inclination, it comes to stand in for the beliefs of 320 million other people.
SpaceX plans to launch its Dragon spacecraft into orbit in early April, the company's eighth mission under NASA's Commercial Resupply Services contract, CRS-8. The flight will deliver research experiments to the International Space Station that will help investigators test the use of an expandable space habitat in microgravity, assess the impact of antibodies on muscle wasting in a microgravity environment, use microgravity to seek insight into the interactions of particle flows at the nanoscale level and use protein crystal growth in microgravity to help in the design of new drugs to fight disease. Investigations like these demonstrate how the orbiting laboratory helps advance NASA's journey to Mars while making discoveries off the Earth that can benefit life on Earth.
Future space habitats for low-Earth orbit or in deep space should be lightweight and relatively simple to construct. The Bigelow Expandable Activity Module (BEAM) is an experimental expandable capsule that attaches to the space station. After installation, the BEAM expands to roughly 13-feet-long and 10.5 feet in diameter to provide a large volume, where a crew member can enter. During the two-year test mission, astronauts will enter the module for a few hours three-to-four times a year to retrieve sensor data and conduct assessments of the module's condition. There's a lot more to the research story of CRS-8, and you can read it at http://go.nasa.gov/22riUPJ
QUNEITRA, Syria — On March 19, an Israeli drone strike targeted and killed Yasser al-Sayed, a fighter with the little-known Golan Regiment, a faction within the pro-government National Defense Forces in Quneitra, in southern Syria.
While the reasons behind the drone strike are still shrouded in mystery — according to senior sources within the Golan Regiment, Sayed was a fighter with no particular rank — it briefly shone a spotlight onto a group that is somewhat unique in both its creation and its location.
The Golan Regiment came into existence in 2014; based in Quneitra province, it is the first pro-government armed group made up of former Free Syrian Army (FSA) fighters.
Following years of fighting against the Syrian army and its allies in one of the country's most sensitive areas — Israel on one side, the Syrian army and its Hezbollah and Iranian allies on the other — dozens of FSA fighters sought amnesty from the government to then turn their weapons on those they previously fought alongside. Today, the National Defense Forces-linked Golan Regiment can be found fighting not just on the front lines in Quneitra and the Golan Heights, but also in Hama and Jobar in Damascus, fighting side by side with the very people they used to fight against.
Standing behind his desk in the group's headquarters in Khan Arnabeh, Quneitra, Majid Hammoud cuts a formidable figure. In 2011, Hammoud, a soldier in the Syrian army, defected after consistently bad treatment by his superiors and the Syrian authorities. By the end of the year, he, along with his brother, had gathered several dozen men and other former army soldiers from his hometown and set up an opposition faction known as Liwa al-Mutasim, one of the numerous factions in the south that fell under the umbrella of the FSA.
“I was angry at the army and the police,” he told Al-Monitor. “My house was attacked by the authorities, and my brother, who was in the army at the time, was jailed for six months.”
He said, “We gave everything for the army, and no one cared about us, no one took care of us — that's why I defected.” Many of those who joined him had the same issues with the security forces, while also swept up by the revolutionary mood that had taken the country.
Ahmad Kabboul, a former FSA fighter and now member of the Golan Regiment, told Al-Monitor why he defected from the Syrian army in 2011. “I was a soldier and I got injured in the leg while serving,” he said. “The army wouldn't allow me to get the wound checked out and I suffered.”
He said, “At the same time I heard what Majid was doing so I decided to join him,” adding that his superior officer in the army was the main reason behind his defection.
As an opposition group, Liwa al-Mutasim operated in Jabata, Khan Arnabeh, Madinat al-Baath, Bir Ajam, Breika and the areas along the separation fence between Syria and the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. Liwa al-Mutasim formed a loose coalition with other FSA factions in the area, and together they began to gain control on the ground, taking over towns and villages along the border.
But for Hammoud, there were question marks over some of the other opposition groups they were fighting alongside.
“Some groups wouldn't even fight, they would come to the battlefield after the clashes had ended, take pictures and videos next to destroyed buildings and tanks, and then send them back to their financiers in Jordan or the Gulf states in order to collect their paychecks,” he said, referring to Alwiya al-Furqan, an Islamist group that operates in Quneitra.
“Others didn't seem to have a problem working with the Israelis. In one commander's meeting with an Israeli agent, he promised help with refugees, medical aid, fuel, food, ammunition and logistics. In return, the Israelis wanted the opposition to stay on the Syrian side of the fence and not point its weapons toward Israel,” Hammoud noted. “I was shocked. For us, working with Israel is a red line.”
Jordanian-backed Southern Front sources told Al-Monitor that no relations between its factions and Israel exist, dismissing the claims made by Hammoud. “He is an opportunist and a liar,” said one military source. “He is a traitor and a regime agent.”
While the same sources do admit that Israeli aid — both food and medical — has made its way on a regular basis into opposition-controlled areas along the border, they deny it is through contact between their factions and Israel. “Israel is operating in areas where Jabhat al-Nusra and Ahrar al-Sham are in control, not the Southern Front,” the Southern Front source said.
For Hammoud and the other former FSA fighters, it was a combination of factors that convinced them to switch sides. They pointed to the corruption within the opposition groups, the fact they were being ordered to carry out battles according to the whims of their foreign financiers and the idea that some groups had few qualms about working with Israel.
It was at that point they decided to make contact with the government again. Toward the end of 2013, Hammoud got in touch with the mayor of Khan Arnabeh — a relative of his — asking to rejoin government-controlled areas. Following around eight months of negotiations between Hammoud and members of the security apparatus, dozens of fighters from Liwa al-Mutasim left opposition-controlled areas and handed themselves over to the government. Those who did not follow Hammoud merged with other opposition groups.
Today, the Golan Regiment operates in one of the most sensitive areas in Syria. Israel has made it clear it considers anything related to the Syrian government in the area a threat to its border, including the presence of its allies, whether it is Hezbollah or localized pro-government militias such as the Golan Regiment. In addition, an array of opposition groups — ranging from the Southern Front to more extremist elements such as Ahrar al-Sham and al-Qaeda-affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra — are of serious concern for the residents within government-controlled areas.
Jumping into an armored pickup, Hammoud and several of his fighters head toward an outpost belonging to the Golan Regiment. Hammoud pulls up to an abandoned, half-finished building site that has been refashioned and fortified into a military position. Sandbags and oil barrels line the floors, creating small windows just large enough for rocket-propelled guns to fit through. Suddenly, a barrage of explosions can be heard in the distance, close to the separation fence. The walkie-talkie crackles and a Golan fighter radios through, informing the fighters that armed groups have just hit residential buildings next to Khan Arnabeh.
Immediately a handful of fighters disappear in pickups, and soon the dull thud of outgoing rockets can be heard.
“We are good at what we do and the army relies on us to stop the opposition from penetrating the front lines in Quneitra, precisely because some of our groups used to be with the opposition groups,” said Mohammad Zeidan, a fighter who joined the Golan Regiment in 2014. “Majid and the others know who they are personally, know how they think and how they fight.”
He added, “This helps our fight against them."
The once-embattled Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez has started to take down a billboard made of soldered, seized guns reading “No More Weapons,” one of the most visible reminders of its violence-laden recent past.
The stark, black-and-white sign was erected in 2012 by the government of former President Felipe Calderon on the side of a bridge linking the city to El Paso, Texas. The letters were formed by crushed, confiscated pistols and rifles, and the billboard was spelled out in English as a visible protest of the illegal trade in weapons from the United States.
Mayor Enrique Serrano said Wednesday that the billboard was being taken down because Juarez wants to project a more tourist-friendly image.
“This was the main diplomatic expression of its time, telling the United States not to allow more weapons in,” Serrano said. “But it is a topic that should be addressed more politely.”
“We want to have a message of welcome, of extending open arms to tourism,” said the mayor.
Chihuahua state Gov. Cesar Duarte suggested the billboard be replaced by one saying “Welcome,” or its Spanish equivalents, “Bienvenidos.”
Because the huge sign is made of steel, it has to be cut up piece by piece, a process that could be finished by the end of the week.
The sign consists of three metric tons of guns seized by the Mexican army, plus a support structure, and local officials hope to use the steel to build a decorative column or obelisk in the city's Chamizal park.
Ciudad Juarez once saw an average of as many as 10 homicides a day during the darkest days of drug-gang violence in 2010 and 2011.
The homicide rate has declined to about an average of 22 a month in the first four months of 2015, or less than one a day. The decline appears to be due to police and justice reform as well as changes in the drug trade and the gangs that fought over border trafficking routes.
Ciudad Juarez was known for tourism decades ago, drawing Americans looking for quickie divorces and, improbably, locally distilled whisky.
Now, the desert city may have something almost as improbable to offer visitors: dolphins.
On Wednesday, the Mexican government announced two bottlenose dolphins, Isis and Luna, were flown From central Mexico to the Anita water park in Ciudad Juarez. Technically, the dolphins are government property and are loaned to or deposited with parks.
This article was from The Associated Press and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network.
About 13 months ago, just as everyone was preparing for Thanksgiving, the Mariners and Diamondbacks swung a borderline blockbuster. The big name going to Seattle was Jean Segura. The big name going to Arizona was Taijuan Walker. As the trade happened, both Dave and myself wrote about how, in the end, it could end up being the Mitch Haniger trade. All things considered, Haniger had a fairly successful 2017. There's another player in there I'm starting to like, though, and, well, my apologies to Zac Curtis. It's Ketel Marte. I've really come around on Ketel Marte.
Perhaps it's my own fault for having underestimated his talent. In my defense, though, Marte was simply a much-improved player this past season. People have asked me several times in my chats who I think could be poised for a breakout 2018. As such, it's long past time for me to explain why Marte has captured my attention. He could be part of the Diamondbacks core for a very long time.
As you ought to understand, there are no promises to be made. I don't know exactly what Marte is going to do. Maybe, since the end of the season, he's discovered a passion for watercolor painting, and he doesn't want to play any more baseball at all. He's a human being, and our courses are controlled by the heavy hand of randomness. But if it helps, it's not just me. While the Diamondbacks are open to the idea of trading one of their many middle infielders, it seems that Marte is untouchable. I heard that at the winter meetings, and Nick Piecoro says as much in the link.
Marte is 24 years old. He runs extremely well. He hasn't turned that into stolen bases, mind you, but he's turned it into some triples. He's quick and athletic. All the usual traits for a young shortstop. But he also hit a playoff home run I haven't been able to erase from my mind.
The home run itself was of little consequence, but Marte sent the ball screaming, which was proof of concept. And if that homer doesn't do it for you, here's another, loftier one, from July.
I didn't use to think Marte had much in the way of power. Even now, he's obviously about one Miguel Cabrera short of being Aaron Judge. Marte will never be confused for Paul Goldschmidt, but, two things have gone on. One, over the whole baseball landscape, there's been the reality of the home-run spike, with the fences effectively becoming easier to clear. And Marte himself has developed a better and more consistent feel for the bat. Being a switch-hitter, I suppose it might make some sense that Marte took a little time to get more polished.
Marte spent a chunk of last season working on his swing in Triple-A. The idea, as has become familiar, was for Marte to generate more lift. He wound up with his lowest ground-ball rate since 2011, when he was in rookie ball, in his first year as a professional. Maybe, under previous circumstances, you wouldn't want to encourage a player with only modest power to try to hit the ball in the air. But times have changed, and Marte's peak power is certainly playable. He's reached the 110 mile-per-hour threshold, and if you just focus on balls Marte has hit at least 90 miles per hour, his big-league average launch angle just improved by more than four degrees. Marte's in the process of becoming a different hitter.
He's also proven he can hit for contact. He can hit for contact and he can draw walks. Marte was one of relatively few players last season to finish with a double-digit walk rate, and a strikeout rate better than average. Marte, in about a half-season, had 29 walks and 37 strikeouts, and those walks weren't simply a function of batting eighth in a National League lineup. Marte had shown the ability to walk before, and then everything got ugly in 2016. In 2017, he rebounded.
The easiest thing to do would be to just point to expected wOBA, from Baseball Savant. Marte did just take a huge leap forward. But to make it a little more complicated, I've broken this down into two parts. In the following plot, you see changes in expected wOBA on batted balls only, and you also see changes in K-BB%. For the former, a positive change is good. For the latter, a negative change is good. Marte is the point highlighted in yellow.
On my spreadsheet, there are 294 players. That's 294 players who hit at least 100 batted balls in both 2016 and 2017. Marte has the seventh-biggest improvement in batted-ball xwOBA, and he also has the fourth-biggest improvement in discipline. In terms of discipline, he improved like Alex Bregman or Justin Smoak, and in terms of batted-ball quality, he improved like Bryce Harper or Jed Lowrie. Marte, last season, was probably a better hitter than his regular wRC+ gives him credit for.
And while we're talking about Marte as a player, I should mention he's more than his bat. Again, he's a shortstop — that's a premium position — and Marte just posted a positive DRS and a positive UZR. He'd been a below-average defender in 2016, in large part because of an error problem, but it seems that here, too, Marte made some gains. It doesn't look like he has to be forced to second base, at least not yet, which makes Marte only all the more appealing.
Adequate defensive shortstop. Fast runner. Young. To go along with those traits, Marte has shown improved discipline and contact. In a sense, you could argue he just had his breakout in 2017. After all, it's 2017 that factors into that plot just above. But I think breakouts have to include some kind of public-awareness component, and I think Marte could build on these gains over the full season ahead. He already bats with a discerning eye, and given his better-than-average big-league contact rates, I figure Marte could further improve in terms of tapping into his power. Power is already in there, but, you saw what Francisco Lindor just did. Marte has excellent bat-to-ball skills, and that gives his offensive game a strong foundation.
The Jean Segura trade was arguably the Taijuan Walker trade, which was arguably the Mitch Haniger trade. Now I'm starting to wonder if it might become the Ketel Marte trade. Though I don't want you to dwell too much on the comparison, I could see Marte becoming Arizona's Jose Ramirez. I wouldn't want to trade him right now, either. Not when he might just be lifting off.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Republican-controlled congressional panel rejected a bid by Democrats on Tuesday to obtain President Donald Trump's tax returns, despite warnings that Trump's business holdings could pose conflicts of interest as Congress turns to tax reform.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump faces a news conference at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 16, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
At a sometimes fiery 2-1/2-hour hearing that careened from lawmaker concerns over political corruption and national security to privacy rights and tax accounting, the House Ways and Means Committee voted 24-16 along party lines to oppose a Democratic resolution that sought the release of 10 years of Trump's tax returns to the House of Representatives.
While the hearing was under way, House Republicans separately turned back a Democratic attempt to force a floor vote on Trump's tax returns.
Committee Republicans accused Democrats of using the tax-writing committee for political grandstanding. “This resolution is a procedural tool being utilized – and I think, abused – for obvious political purposes,” panel Chairman Kevin Brady said.
Democrats said they were exercising proper congressional oversight and accused Republicans of protecting Trump.
Trump has defied decades of precedent by refusing to release his returns, saying his tax affairs are under federal audit. The Internal Revenue Service says audits pose no obstacle to releasing tax returns.
“What is he hiding?” asked Democratic Representative Bill Pascrell, who introduced the measure. “It is our responsibility under the Constitution - very clear, very clear - to provide oversight and root out conflicts of interest.”
The rejected measure was part of a Democratic campaign in Congress to force Republicans to confront the issue of Trump's tax returns in hopes of gradually gaining Republican support for their release.
Some Republicans say Trump should release his tax returns. A Ways and Means Republican joined the list on Tuesday. “I wish he would,” said Representative Pat Meehan, who otherwise argued against the Democratic resolution.
Trump's critics say the documents would help determine whether Trump's investments and sprawling business empire pose conflicts of interest on policies involving tax, regulation, China, Russia and other issues.
“The president now says he wants to lead the effort on tax reform? His tax returns are directly relevant,” said Democratic Representative Sander Levin.
Republicans said the details Democrats seek could be found in the financial disclosure statement Trump has filed as president.
It was the third time the tax panel rejected an effort to obtain Trump's taxes.
Litigation between IBM and disgraced UNIX vendor SCO is set to be reactivated, Groklaw reports. The lawsuits, which were subject to an automatic stay imposed by the bankruptcy court, will now go forward and finally be brought to a close.
SCO is infamous for launching a misguided legal assault on the Linux operating system. The company claimed that IBM misappropriated code from UNIX and integrated it into the open source Linux kernel. SCO never managed to support this claim with evidence and the company's own internal code audits suggest that the allegation is baseless. The real roadblock that SCO faced, however, was the fact that they don't even own the UNIX copyrights.
The IBM litigation was put on hold pending the outcome of a dispute over the ownership of the System V UNIX copyrights between SCO and Novell, the rightful owner. The courts ruled in Novell's favor, finding that SCO did not obtain the copyrights in an asset purchase agreement that was made in the '90s. This effectively means that SCO doesn't have standing to sue IBM for allegedly infringing UNIX copyrights. SCO slid into bankruptcy and has never recovered.
The reactivation of the litigation between IBM and SCO is largely a procedural matter aimed at resolving the pending claims and counterclaims that the companies have brought against each other. Due to the court's previous conclusion that Novell is the rightful owner of UNIX, the reactivated litigation between SCO and IBM isn't going to be an opportunity for SCO to turn the tide in its favor.
IBM has a number of counterclaims against SCO that will finally be addressed by the courts. IBM is accusing SCO of breach of contract, violating the Lanham Act, engaging in unfair and deceptive trade practices, and violating the GNU General Public License. IBM is also seeking a declaratory judgement which will affirm that IBM's AIX platform doesn't infringe on any of SCO's copyrights.
The perils of reporting in Pakistan
It has been a terrible year for Pakistan, and 2010 has not spared journalists working in the country either. In September so far, three journalists have been killed, one has been beaten up and another tortured so severely that chills went up even the bravest journalist's spine. Six journalists have been killed in Pakistan this year alone, with the last casualty reportedly at the hands of the Taliban. Three Afghan journalists were recently arrested by Afghan or international forces on the other side of the border, as well. And the year isn't over yet.
In the first week of September, Pakistani journalist Umar Cheema was abducted and tortured in Islamabad, at the hands of unnamed criminals. After his release, he said his captors had warned him to "Stop writing against the government, if you cannot bear this torture." It is widely believed that his kidnapping and torture were at the hands of Pakistan's spy agencies, which have had a long and bloody history of quelling dissent. One only has to look at a list of what Cheema had been reporting on to connect the dots.
Writing in Dawn, columnist Kamran Shafi hits the nail squarely on its head.
We will never find out what happened to poor Umar Cheema because the Deep State does not want us to find out. It is a law, a country, a nation, and a state unto itself all rolled up in one, independently sprung as it is due to the billions of rupees it forcibly purloins from the hapless government of Pakistan on pain of imminent death and worse.
In a telephone interview, Federal Minister for Information and Broadcasting Qamar Zaman Kaira said that a joint investigation team (JIT) and a judicial commission have been set up to investigate Umar Cheema's case, where the team also includes, for the first time a private individual — a representative from the Jang Group so that they can ensure transparency. The JIT also includes people from the Intelligence Bureau, Military Intelligence, and the ISI. "The Government is serious about investigating this case. It is a democratic government and this cannot happen. We want to investigate the facts and catch the culprits."
Browsing through the Committee to Protect Journalists' Pakistan page is a depressing experience. Scores of names, some killed at the hands of gunmen, others in suicide bombings. While many would say that journalists too are part of the population that cannot remain untouched from the violence that has devastated Pakistan, in many cases these deaths could have been avoided, and in some cases, media organizations must share the blame.
While no journalist, myself included, would want to walk around with a security guard on the job, media organizations must ensure that reporters, especially those covering sensitive occasions such as religious processions or military operations, are given adequate protection. Even at the largest privately run media organizations, reporters are unaware of basic first aid training. This must be made compulsory by the organizations, as must be the standard gear — bulletproof jackets and helmets. The cost of buying the equipment is surely not dearer than the cost of a human life.
Qamar Zaman Kaira agrees that journalists cannot walk around with guards and that the security situation in the country is not unknown to anyone, but says they have asked the journalism community to tell them what security measures can be provided from the government. "The Interior Ministry is clearing the release of bulletproof jackets that have been imported and were at the airport, and we're also providing 100 more jackets. Additionally, the Ministry is providing safety training as well to journalists."
Fahad Desmukh, a freelance journalist, says, "Something needs to be done to deal with the cutthroat competition that forces journalists, cameramen and even the drivers to take needless risks. Journalists should not be penalized for walking away from a dangerous assignment. Right now, the owners care more about protecting their cameras, vehicles and equipment rather than the lives of their employees."
Secondly, while the government can only do so much to improve the security situation (and their efforts in this regard are an entirely different post altogether), we must remember that there is, at least on the surface, a civilian, democratic government in place. While the influence and the power of the shadowy intelligence agencies is not hidden from anyone, and it is clear that they often act without any directions from the government, it would send a reassuring message to journalists reporting in Pakistan if the Pakistani government carried out a fair and thorough investigation into Umar Cheema's abduction. It is also high time that the government ensures that media organizations implement necessary safety measures, so that every time we go out in the field, we are not wracked with fear that we're risking life and limb for a story without an iota of preparation.
Huma Imtiaz works as a journalist in Pakistan and can be reached at huma.imtiaz@gmail.com.
Men's Basketball | 10/5/2016 12:20:00 PM
Tickets for the 2016-17 Texas State men's and women's basketball seasons are now available for purchase.Current season ticket holders will receive both paper and electronic renewal invoices in the coming days. Current season ticket holders will have until Monday, October 31 at 5:00 p.m. to renew their seats. Payment plans are available and can be set up by calling the ticket office at 512-245-2272.Season ticket packages will include five men's nonconference games and five women's nonconference games along with nine men's and women's Sun Belt Conference games, featuring five Saturday doubleheaders. The men's schedule is headlined by last season's conference champion and NCAA Tournament participant Little Rock and 2016 CIT participants Texas A&M-Corpus Christi, UL Monroe, UT Arlington, UL Lafayette and Coastal Carolina. The women's slate features five in-state foes along with conference powers Arkansas State and Little Rock. The women will also host Sun Belt newcomer Coastal Carolina. To view the men's schedule, click here . To view the women's schedule, click here . All game times are subject to change.Reserved season tickets are available for $130 and can be purchased online at TXStateBocats.com/tickets , over the phone at 512-245-2272 or by visiting the Mark and Linda Smith Ticket Office at Bobcat Stadium between the hours of 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. Discounts on reserved season tickets are available for several groups including Bobcat Club members, Faculty and Staff members, Fall Sport Season Ticket Holders, Recent Alumni (Fall 2011 - Summer 2016), and "T" Association Members.General admission season ticket packages are also available for $99 per seat.Individual game tickets will go on sale to the general public November 1. For more information please contact the Texas State Athletic Ticket Office at 512-245-2272 or email at gametickets@txstate.edu
(NEW ORLEANS) — When you need it, the always-open Waffle House is there. And now, the 24-hour chain is coming to New Orleans in a seriously upgraded way. Waffle House is adding a feature to…
(NEW ORLEANS) — When you need it, the always-open Waffle House is there. And now, the 24-hour chain is coming to New Orleans in a seriously upgraded way.
Waffle House is adding a feature to its restaurants that will upgrade the experience a bit: The New Orleans location will have an outdoor area — the first of its kind for the chain — in addition to its more than 1,700 square feet on the inside.
“We're actually providing something we've never provided on another restaurant we've ever done, with a little side bistro courtyard area,” Waffle House real estate executive Bob Pence said at a meeting of New Orlean's Board of Zoning Adjustments, according to the Mid-City Messenger.
The over 12,000 square feet lot used to be a used car shop, but Waffle House has much bigger plans for the space.
“I think that once we get this built, you will see that it's probably the fanciest Waffle House restaurant you will ever see,” Pence said. “We tried to make it look a little New Orleans-ish.”
So watch out, all you other Waffle Houses — there's a fancy new one on the way.
Copyright © 2015, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Yeast Washing 101
Saturday, January 30th, 2010
Yeast washing is a simple, yet useful procedure that will allow you to harvest, store, and re-use yeast from your own yeast bank for pennies per brew session. Please review how to make a starter and why a stir plate to help you best re-activate your yeast after cold storage.
SANITATION: You must sanitize everything in this process! Storing yeast successfully is fully dependent on keeping the samples pure.
YEAST STOCK: You will harvest the yeast that you are about to wash and store from a recently (same day) emptied fermenter. This yeast cake or slurry will be the basis for all that you are about to do. This is the yeast that will go on to propagate new colonies in future brews. See Fig 1
Fig 1.
HARVESTING: After racking the fermented beer from atop a yeast cake, there will generally be some liquid left along with the yeast cake. Swirl this around and loosen the yeast cake so that you can pour the slurry (sometimes chunks) of yeast into a sanitized flask or 1 gal. carboy. You want plenty of spare volume. Your yeast slurry will be full of trub, some break material, and hop particles. Currently, it is probably looking VERY thick and has no defined layers, though we are about to fix this! Fig 2
Fig 2.
WASH: You will want to have about a half gallon (ample amounts) of boiled and cooled water on hand (so we don't cook the yeast). In your flask or carboy use enough of this water to double or triple the volume of the slurry that you currently have. Give it a few swirls to mix all of the contents (slurry and water) together. Cover with sanitized foil. See Fig 3
Fig 3.
WAIT: Given as little as 15-20 minutes to sit, you will be able to see some drastic stratification in your slurry. The heavier particles, trub, and break material will settle out quite quickly, leaving a dark layer with progressively lighter layers above it. Atop these dark layers you will have a creamy layer of liquid. This is what you want, water and yeast in suspension. See Fig 4
Fig 4.
SEPARATION: You will want to have several sanitized jars available to decant this creamy, yeast filled liquid into. Pour the creamy liquid containing the suspended yeast off of the sediment and into as many jars as it takes to hold it. Now you will have 2-4 jars full of this creamy looking liquid that you will place sanitized lids on, and then place into the refrigerator. See Fig 5. After some time has passed in the fridge you will see that the liquid is now much clearer and there is a nice bright layer of clean yeast at the bottom of each jar. See Fig 6
Fig 5.
Fig 6.
STORING: If your sanitation practices are good, you can store this yeast for months. The yeast should remain in these jars, sealed and refrigerated, until you are ready to make a yeast starter to awaken them. It would also be a good idea to mark these jars with the yeast name, the date, and R1, for “reuse #1”, This way you can keep track of how many times you have re-used this yeast. See Fig 7. Typically after repeated uses the yeast will begin to mutate and its characteristics may change to a degree. You can typically feel confident re-using yeast 4-5 times before degradation is detected.
Fig 7.
RE-USING: When you would like to re-use this strain of yeast, simply allow a single jar of washed yeast to gradually warm to room temperature, decant the liquid and pitch the washed slurry from the bottom of the jar into some new starter wort. See how to make a yeast starter HERE.
IMPORTANT NOTES:
You can NEVER be too careful with sanitation when it comes to yeast washing/storing. Do use a large clear glass container (large flask or 1 gal. carboy) for the HARVESTING and WASH steps in the process. Ball or Mason jars make excellent containers for the WAIT and STORAGE steps in the process. Be sure to sanitize the jar lids before securing them and storing your yeast. Mark your jars with the yeast name, the date and the reuse/generation number (R1, R2,…) and so on to keep track of how many times you have washed this yeast and re-used it.
Update 11/12/2011: Check out the article on Bad Batches to see why you might want to avoid re-pitching yeast, or if you do so, make sure to understand the risks involved.
California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) signed several gun-grabbing bills into law, to the consternation of gun owners throughout the state.
There were six bills that Brown signed into law, according to The Los Angeles Times; some include:
— Require an ID and background check to purchase ammunition and create a new state database of ammunition owners — Ban possession of ammunition magazines that hold more than 10 bullets. — Restrict the loaning of guns without background checks to close family members.
Additionally, Brown signed two bills that closed what's known as the bullet button loophole, which refers to guns that don't fall under the "assault weapon" category in California because they have fixed magazines that are easily detached through the press of a button.
Brown also signed a bill that will make filing a false report about a lost or stolen gun a misdemeanor and prevent that person from purchasing a firearm for 10 years.
In a message, Brown wrote, "My goal in signing these bills is to enhance public safety by tightening our existing laws in a responsible and focused manner, while protecting the rights of law-abiding gun owners."
Naturally, gun rights supporters are not pleased with Brown signing these bills.
"Gov. Jerry Brown today signed a Draconian gun control package that turns California's law-abiding gun owners into second-class citizens," Amy Hunter, California spokesperson for the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action, told the Times. "The governor and legislature exploited a terrorist attack to push these measures through even though the state's already restrictive laws did nothing to stop the attack in San Bernadino."
According to The Sacramento Bee, a group of people held a protest in Sacramento against the newly-signed laws and held up a banner saying "WE WILL NOT COMPLY."
"We're just trying to send the message that we're probably not going to comply," said Cory Gwathney, who co-organized the rally. "They're infringing on our rights, and we're not going to stand for that."
"My goal in signing these bills is to enhance public safety by tightening our existing laws in a responsible and focused manner, while protecting the rights of law-abiding gun owners." Jerry Brown
Another member of the protest, Jorge Riley, president of the Sacramento California Republican Assembly, declared that the laws were "unconstitutional" and would "stimulate a black market."
"People will still have guns, but they'll have them illegally," Riley told the Bee.
Brown also vetoed several other gun control bills such as:
KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 17 (Reuters) - With the cost of hiring workers soaring in Malaysia as minimum wages kick in, the government is offering tax benefits to labour-intensive sectors going the automation route, a tactic that analysts say may help lift profits by up to 20 percent.
But some manufacturers, including Top Glove Corp Bhd , which produces one out of every four pairs of latex gloves in the world, say the incentives are not enough. Smaller companies will benefit more due to the way the benefits are structured, analysts say.
“The direction is there, although it is not enough,” Chairman Lim Wee Chai said in a post-earnings conference in Kuala Lumpur on Thursday.
One of the processes that Top Glove has partially automated is the removal of gloves from moulds. Some of it is now carried out by robotic arms, cutting the number of workers per production line to four from eight, a company official says, adding that some of the packing, counting, weighing and sorting has also been automated.
The automation comes as the cost of hiring rises in Southeast Asia. Countries such as Indonesia and Vietnam have recently raised minimum wages. On Jan. 1, 2013, Malaysia implemented minimum wages for the first time, prompting concerns about higher operating expenses and pressure on margins.
Malaysian plastics packaging firms including Scientex Bhd have seen their production costs rise 11-19 percent annually over the past five years, mainly due to labour, utility and transportation costs. Rubber glove makers such as Top Glove saw costs climb 6-16 percent a year on a compound basis, Thomson Reuters calculations based on corporate income statements show.
In Prime Minister Najib Razak's 2015 budget speech late last week, he said labour-intensive industries such as rubber, plastics, wood, furniture and textiles will receive automation incentives. On the first 4 million ringgits ($1.2 million) firms spend on automation between 2015 and 2017, they will be entitled to tax savings of 2 million ringgits.
While that is not enough, Top Glove's chairman said, “sometimes small is also better than zero”.
Top Glove posted an 8.3 percent drop in net profit to 180 million ringgits in the fiscal year ended Aug. 31, 2014. Higher operating costs - from wages to power and transportation - dragged down earnings, Lim said.
The automation benefits will translate into an annual 2 percent rise in net profit, he said.
‘BETTER THAN NOTHING'
Scientex, Asia-Pacific's largest stretch film producer by capacity, may see earnings improve by less than 5 percent from the benefits in the year ending July 31, 2015, Kuala Lumpur-based RHB Research wrote in a note to clients.
Scientex was not immediately available to comment.
Smaller plastic packaging players are set to gain more, with net profit going up as much as 20 percent next year due to their smaller earnings base, RHB Research said.
Karex Bhd, the world's largest condom manufacturer by volume, may see its net profit improve between 10 percent and 13 percent, according to RHB Research.
“With the incentive, I think we can see more than 1 million ringgit flow to our bottom line,” Goh Miah Kiat, Karex's chief executive officer, told Reuters. “Although the quantum is still considered small, it is better than nothing and it will entice companies to go for automation.” (1 US dollar = 3.2820 Malaysian ringgit) (Editing by Ryan Woo)
A Not-So-Secret History of Superman, Wonder Woman, and the American Superhero.
1. Superheroes Selling
Three recent DC comics Dark Nights: Metal #1, Batman: The Red Death #1, and Batman: The Dawnbreaker #1 include an advertisement for Snickers bars. A reader could be forgiven for momentarily thinking that the ad, which looks a lot like the narratives it accompanies, is part of the story:
As super-villain Gorilla Grodd attacks the stadium, he proclaims that “Events mean nothing to [me]!” But, as Superman discerns, this gorilla's not what he seems: he's “just a hungry fan.” After a few bites the Snickers works its magic, soothing the “crabby” fan's rage.
It's odd to see an ad with an event-hating fan in these particular comics, all of which are part of what the industry calls a Crossover Event. To follow an event's sprawling narrative, fans need to buy a lot of comic books released over several months. While “events mean nothing” to villains (and crabby fans who refuse to buy the required books), they mean a lot to companies and their bottom line. Each of the twenty-five comics/chapters in DC's current event Dark Nights: Metal costs $3.99 or $4.99. In the past, a major crossover from the “Big Two” (i.e., DC and Marvel) occurred every few years. Now they pop up once a season. We're living in the pricey moment of Perpetual Event.
The candy-bar ad's “event” reference must surely be intentional (at least I think it is). It's some meta-fun for attentive fans who will get the joke: “Only cranky readers don't like comic-book events!” Whether intentional or not, the joke fits perfectly within what we could call “The Crossover Event Worldview,” in which everything is meaningful because everything is meta. Event comics sell themselves as stories about stories, full of Easter eggs and allusions that reward true believers versed in the company's vast comic-book continuity.
To drive sales numbers, events promise “earth-shattering revelations that will forever change the characters you love,” making it essential to buy every issue. Crossovers reorganize a company's fictional universe, revise heroes' and villains' origin stories, introduce new titles, and meditate on the cultural and personal relevance of the kinds of heroic stories that mainstream fantasy comics traffic in. To both widen and close the loop of meta-circularity, current events typically evoke past ones: Dark Nights: Metal #1, for example, drops references to DC events such as “Final Crisis” and “52”:
In these ways, crossovers deliver what they promise — at least until all is undone by the next event, which is just on the horizon. At its core, each event comic book is like the Snickers comic: it's an ad. Events market the company's past, present, and future products.
The event's self-referential obsessiveness may strengthen the bond between fan, character, and company, but it can be turned against the comics by readers tired of being sold the same thing over and over. Dark Nights: Metal #1, Batman: The Red Death #1, and Batman: The Dawnbreaker #1 all begin with the “stories about stories” motif:
It takes a self-assured writer to draw attention to the possibility he's retelling the same old super-fable. After reading the first few pages, many readers must have said, “Please stop. I've heard this one.” The tale offered by Dark Nights: Metal has been told hundreds of times, both in crossover events and in non-event comics: a cosmic foe threatens the multiverse, dozens of heroes must unite to defeat it, the battle takes a profound toll on everyone, some heroes temporarily become villains, others temporarily become dead, and a few bad jokes try to lighten the oppressive darkness.
And this event relentlessly markets itself as dark: it's called Dark Nights, it's set in a “Dark Multiverse,” the stories involve “dark matter,” the word “dark” appears every few pages. This obsession even works on a meta-level by tying this event to our current comics era, which is often called “The Dark Age.” All these choices represent “brand identity” run amok. Perhaps it's executed in this blunt way to ensure that readers can't miss the sales-pitch.
Since the early 1990s, fans have been complaining. They regularly criticize Marvel's and DC's comics as too dark, as favoring over-the-top violence instead of subtle characterization and well-crafted plots. In Batman: The Dawnbreaker a character says “Th-the darkness. . . It destroys everything,” a complaint easily lodged against the relentlessly grim comic it appears in:
But I'll give Dark Nights credit for “brand commitment”:
Like many comics in the event, Dawnbreaker is metaphorically dark in its content, and literally dark in its coloring:
As these event comics deconstruct themselves (are they daring us to mock them?), they draw attention to the fact that we just bought what might as well be a reprint from last year. (At my local shop on a recent “new comics Wednesday,” a fellow reader said to me, “I'm sick of these ‘grim and gritty' cosmic comics!” — he no longer collects events.)
2. Selling Superheroes
For many readers and the comics' creators, though, the meta-narrative driving each crossover event is a high-minded endeavor that plays into one of our most cherished cultural and comic-book memes: “We are the stories we tell.” And events, with their mass gatherings of heroes and villains, tell a grandiose story about our moral striving. In a Superman comic from a few years ago, the narrator extols the hero as the “embodiment of the very best in us. Our inspiration to . . . aim higher. Each and every one of us is . . . Superman.” This transcendent belief grows out of the hallowed American comic-book traditions of self-promotion and self-aggrandizement, of seeing superheroes not as corporate properties but as culturally natural and necessary aspirational figures who rise above the petty notions of product and property. In the 1960s Marvel's Stan Lee proclaimed that super-characters serve the lofty role that gods of classical mythology served for ancient Greeks and Romans, a notion widely endorsed by comic-book readers, writers, and publishers ever since. (Promoting a Smithsonian online course, Lee and Batman Dark Knight Trilogy producer Michael Uslan tell us that “The . . . gods of . . . Greek and Roman myths still exist, but today . . . have superpowers.”) It's nice to think that Flash and Wonder Woman emerged from the collective unconscious in order to help us become who we really are. While the mythic view keeps everything meta and meaningful, it obscures an important reality: actual people laboring under work-for-hire contracts (or no contracts) created these characters, and the companies who own them have often denied creators royalties or a fair share of the profits.
Like these companies, we fans have a deep need to own other's imaginative property. A meme that recently made its way around Twitter represents the perfect expression of this covetousness (so much so you might think it's a parody):
Importantly, this idea isn't the sole province of the rabid fan, the kind to whom crossover events mean everything. I once heard a scholar tell an enthusiastic audience of comic-book readers and academics that superheroes are genuinely mythic, a part of our shared cultural inheritance and therefore ours to do with as we wish. I knew that if I tried to make and sell my own Flash comic book, expensive lawyers would quickly tell me I shouldn't believe everything I hear.
3. Selling is Canon
This brings us back to Snickers. How can we square the American caped crusader's cultural relevance and noble mission with a role the character has played since its debut: corporate shill? Though many heroes' alter egos have been mild-mannered types like Clark Kent or Peter Parker, another identity — not a secret identity but a very public one — has badgered us for decades: a confident, unapologetically crass character we could call “The Pitchman”:
The hero-meets-product alliance represents the most important corporate crossover event: the ongoing merging of our escapist fantasies and capitalism's desires. It's a perfect world, this corporate superhero universe: publishers and creators sell the value of superheroes who sell candy in an ad about events that appears in an event comic that sells other comics/other events that sell the value of superheroes and their (i.e., our) stories. The circle is unbroken.
If it seems jarring that the super-being who's trying to save the world and uphold what's best in us is also hawking candy, comic books, and amusement park rides, it shouldn't.
More than truth and justice, commerce is the American way boldly personified in these heroes. Superman and his super-ilk may look like examples of what we call, somewhat pretentiously, a “literary character,” but they're not. They're a special kind of commercial fiction: the “corporate character.” To best serve those who have trademarked them, they live an existence so unstable and tenuous that, in reality, there is no Superman, only thousands of versions of “Superman.” Corporate characters are by definition amorphous, loosely defined by a name, logo, and a few back-story facts. In movies and countless comic books, however, even these ostensibly “essential” elements are repeatedly up for grabs. Whenever sales flag, the character morphs. Spider-Man is a white male, then he's not. His costume is red and blue, then it's not. His name is Spider-Man, then it's not. He's dead, then he's not. Etc., etc… With every new artist, writer, editor, crossover event, or product endorsement deal, the character undergoes yet another metamorphosis. Superheroes, then, are meta-characters; one moment they're flying around a fictional universe beating up villains, and the next they're breaking the fourth wall selling us toothpaste, underwear, and fruit pies.
In each of its guises, the super-being enacts its owner's will. This holds true for 2017's most beloved character, Wonder Woman. (They're even calling 2017 “The Year of Wonder Woman”). She's rightly celebrated as a feminist icon, but her history is more complicated, less uplifting. She's long been a saleswoman happy to hype what she's ordered to:
Since an eager submission to authority is not the most feminist of traits, we “forget” her crass commercial superpower. It really kills the fantasy.
**
Expressing a level of fan outrage that even a crate of Snickers couldn't cure, MRA social-media warriors believe the comics industry ruins “our beloved characters” by changing their race, gender, or religion. But they should remember that these “icons” have long histories as elastic properties equally adept at saving the universe and peddling Twinkies. Such fans might feel less horror if they recalled that Thor™, Spider-Man™, and the rest have always crossed over, changing whenever the boss thinks it necessary, licensed out to anyone who's got enough cash. Whether we like the changes or not, “our beloved characters” have never been ours.
In recent weeks, this alliance has taken a new, and disturbing, turn. Marvel teamed-up with Northrup Grumman, one of the world's largest defense contractors, creating a perhaps inevitable synergy between violent corporate heroes and violent corporations. It's eerie how easily super-beings cross over to the military-industrial complex:
If comic-book publishers believed that superheroes were contemporary gods, inspirational role models, or culturally relevant figures, would they pimp them out to Snickers and ballistic missiles? Probably not (and yet . . ). These alignments reveal the political relevance of superheroes in 2017. Despite their noble words, they're just another bunch of high-powered hypocrites out to make a buck.
So rather than see ads featuring super-beings as separate from comic-book events and continuity, we should embrace them as canon. A crucial part of American superhero history, they remind us that caped crusaders will forever do what they've always done: sell stuff.
_____________________________________________________________
PS: Here I write about a DC comic-book series I liked, Batman Unseen, which narrates a world outside of candy, crossovers, canon, and continuity.
Ken Parille is editor of The Daniel Clowes Reader: A Critical Edition of Ghost World and Other Stories. He teaches at East Carolina University and his writing has appeared in The Best American Comics Criticism, The Believer, Nathaniel Hawthorne Review, Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature, Children's Literature, Comic Art, Boston Review, and elsewhere.
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved Photo: WKRN
WKRN web staff - NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) - Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota has been named AFC Offensive Player of the Week for week 10 of the NFL season.
Mariota threw for 295 yards and four touchdowns in the Titans win over Green Bay on Sunday. He started hot, completing his first 10 passes and leading his team on three consecutive scoring drives to open the game.
In the past six games Mariota has 17 passing touchdowns and only three interceptions. In just 10 games he has more touchdown passes than he did all of last season, his rookie year.
This is also the first time a Titans quarterback has thrown for more than 20 touchdowns in a season since Steve McNair did it in 2003.
Mariota is fourth in the NFL in passing touchdowns behind Drew Brees, Matt Ryan, and Aaron Rodgers.
Marcus Mariota and the Titans will head to Indianapolis to take on the Colts in a key AFC South game this Sunday.
Image caption Bud is now back in his paddock
A police horse attacked when football fans clashed following the Tyne-Wear derby was not hurt, officers said.
Bud, of West Yorkshire's mounted section, was apparently hit while controlling crowds after Newcastle United and Sunderland's game on Sunday.
Northumbria Police said 29 supporters were arrested amid the violence. Five have so far been charged.
Newcastle United, who lost the game 3-0, said it was "embarrassed and appalled" at the violence.
A man arrested on suspicion of attacking the horse was later bailed pending further inquiries.
'Not tolerated'
Police claim four officers were injured during clashes after the match at St James' Park.
Image caption Police horse handler, Isabelle Collins, with Bud
A spokesman for West Yorkshire Police said: "Bud is fine and back in his paddock. All our horses are fit and well, resting and relaxed."
Ch Supt Steve Neill, of Northumbria Police, said: "The vast majority of fans were well behaved and enjoyed the Tyne-Wear derby for the great occasion that it is.
"Disappointingly, there was some disorder involving what appear to be Newcastle United supporters following the match in the city centre, including an incident at Central Station.
"Disruptive behaviour of any kind is not tolerated.
"Inquiries will take place into these incidents and action will be taken against all those involved."
'Deplorable individuals'
A spokesman for Newcastle United said: "We were embarrassed and appalled by the behaviour of a minority of so-called fans who were involved in disturbances and disorder in Newcastle city centre after the match.
"Newcastle United have been working with Northumbria Police, and will continue to do so, in order to identify all of the individuals concerned.
"The club will take the strongest possible action against those involved in the disturbances and will impose immediate lifetime bans on all those found guilty.
"These deplorable individuals have no place at Newcastle United and bring shame on the club and the vast majority of its proper, law-abiding, fans."
West Yorkshire Police has 18 horses in its mounted section, which it uses to police football matches up and down the country and for ceremonial occasions, according to the force's website.
Francis Collomp, speaking on the TF1 channel, described how on the night of November 16 one of his captors entered the dungeon where he was kept to perform the ablutions required for Islamic prayer, but left the keys in the door.
"While he was in the bathroom, very quietly I opened the closed door. I had all my things ready to leave and then I locked it (behind me)," the 63-year-old engineer said.
"I ran into an alley towards the main road, then on the road I started walking quickly so that no one would notice me," he said.
After trekking for four to five kilometres, Collomp found a motorcycle taxi, which took him to a police station in Zaria, a nearby town.
Collomp was kidnapped by about 30 armed men who attacked the residence of French firm Vergnet, the company for which he was working, in the state of Katsina on the border with Niger.
The kidnapping, which left two bodyguards and a bystander dead, was claimed by Nigerian radical Islamist group Ansaru, which has links to extremist group Boko Haram.
He was held for nine months in the city of Kano before he was brought to Zaria, around 160 kilometres (100 miles) away by road to the southwest, two months ago.
Collomp said he was "in the loop" about negotiations for his release, and was spurred to action after failing to be freed in early summer and with the unlucky fate of others in his position on his mind.
"I should have been freed in June but that didn't happen. Then they told me that things had hit a dead end. I also knew the story of the journalists that were killed, and that had an effect on me," he said, referring to the two French radio correspondents kidnapped and murdered by Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) in Mali on November 2.
Collomp prepared his escape for months, he said, walking up to 15 kilometres a day in circles in his cell to stay fit, anticipating a long walk awaiting him outside.
He lost 38 kilos in total, admitting he had been "on the heavy side" beforehand.
French President Francois Hollande compared Collomp's escape to "an adventure story" on the day of his return to France, saying he was proud of his compatriot and his "exceptional courage".
At least there was no suspicion about Collomp when he returned home to France unlike in the case of four other recently released hostages whom the leader of the French far-right Marine Le Pen, seemed to suggest had been turned in a scenario seen in TV series Homeland. The reason for her unease? The released hostages had beards and were wearing robes. (see below)
After learning of his release Collomp's wife Anne-Marie told journalists outside her home in Reunion she "was speechless, it still does not feel real," .
"The sadness is finally over with, I'm happy, but I'm also thinking of those who are still being held hostage," she said.
A Roman Catholic priest, 42-year-old Georges Vandenbeusch, was kidnapped in northern Cameroon and reportedly taken by Islamist militants to Nigeria in mid-November.
France now has seven hostages officially being held abroad, including the priest, four journalists in Syria and two people taken in Mali.
HANGZHOU (Reuters) - Britain's economy will suffer as a result of the decision to leave the European Union despite signs in recent economic data that the impact has not been as severe as some predicted, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May answers a reporter's question after a bilateral meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama alongside the G20 Summit, in Ming Yuan Hall at Westlake Statehouse in Hangzhou, China September 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
The June decision to leave the 28-country EU sent financial markets into shock in anticipation of a recession as Britain enters a years-long process of tearing itself away from its biggest trading partner and forging a new global economic role.
Sterling surged on Thursday after a stronger-than-expected survey of manufacturers offered the best signal yet that Britain's economy is performing better than many had initially feared.
Nevertheless, May predicted that the vote would damage the economy and said the government would continue to monitor economic data in the coming months before setting out its fiscal response to protect the economy later this year.
“There will be difficult times ahead,” May told reporters on her way to a G20 summit in Hangzhou, China.
“We've seen figures giving some different messages in relation to the economy at the moment. I think the reaction of the economy has been better than some had predicted post- the referendum, but I won't pretend it's going to be all plain sailing.”
May was accompanied by Bank of England Governor Mark Carney, who launched a monetary stimulus package last month and forecast the economy would flatline for the rest of the year, and finance minister Philip Hammond, who has signalled a need for fiscal stimulus to protect growth.
Asked for her view on the need for a “fiscal reset” - a phrase used by Hammond on a separate trip to China in July - May said the government's response was not yet set in stone.
“We will be looking at this issue,” she said. “We have to take all the data into account; by the time of the autumn statement there will be more data available. We'll have a better picture of what is happening.”
No date has been set for the autumn budget statement, which May said would be when the government laid out its new fiscal position. Hammond is expected to loosen the grip of his predecessor George Osborne on the public purse by pushing back a target to run a budget surplus by 2020.
Image caption Mr Breivik has linked his demands to his willingness to share information about other alleged cells
The man who has confessed to killing 77 people in Norway has made a list of "unrealistic" demands, his lawyer says.
Anders Behring Breivik wanted the government to resign and Japanese specialists to assess his mental health, Geir Lippestad told reporters.
The far-right extremist admits killing eight people with a bomb in Oslo and shooting dead 69 on Utoeya island.
Meanwhile, the leader of the right-wing Progress Party has warned that Norway still faces a serious Islamist threat.
"All the debates that we had prior to 22 July will come back. All the challenges that Norway was facing and the challenges that the world was facing are still there. Al-Qaeda is still there," Siv Jensen told the AFP news agency.
"The new thing is that we have been in a horrible way reminded of the fact that terrorism can come in many different forms, with different rhetoric behind it, with different crazy ideas behind it."
Ms Jensen also said in another interview that the anti-Muslim views of Mr Breivik, who was a member of the Progress Party between 1999 and 2006, were "perversely unique" and that it was not aware of his plans.
"It was impossible for us to foresee at the time. He obviously changed in recent years without anyone knowing," she told the Associated Press.
Mr Breivik blames the governing Labour Party for increased immigration in Norway. Its youth wing was on Utoeya for a summer camp when the attack took place, while the bomb was set-off near government buildings.
'Impossible'
Mr Lippestad said Mr Breivik's list of demands was "far from the real world" and "completely impossible to fulfil" and showed "he doesn't know how society works".
Image caption The 22 July attacks have traumatised Norway
"His demands here includes the complete overthrowing of both the Norwegian and European societies," he told the Associated Press. "But it shows that he doesn't understand the situation he's in."
The 32-year-old had linked his demands to his willingness to share information about other alleged terrorist cells, Mr Lippestad said.
Norwegian police have previously cast doubt on Mr Breivik's claims that he was part of a broader network but said they would investigate them.
A court has appointed two psychiatrists to try to examine Mr Breivik's actions, with a mandate to report back by 1 November.
Mr Lippestad said Mr Breivik had asked that he also be examined by Japanese mental health specialists as he believes "the Japanese understand the idea and values of honour" and would understand him better than Europeans.
The lawyer has previously said his client is probably insane.
Mr Lippestad added that a second list from his client requested items like cigarettes and civilian clothes.
Terrorism charges
Mr Breivik has been charged under the criminal law for acts of terrorism. The charges include the destabilisation of vital functions of society, including government, and causing serious fear in the population.
At a court appearance on 25 July, Mr Breivik admitted carrying out the attacks but did not plead guilty to the charges. He was remanded in custody for eight weeks, with the first four to be in solitary confinement.
The attacks on 22 July traumatised Norway, one of the most politically stable and tolerant countries in Europe.
The government plans to set up an independent "July 22 Commission" to examine the attacks, including investigating whether police reacted too slowly to the shootings at Utoeya.
A massive survey of 6,100 US teens across 44 states has just concluded and the results are in: the most interesting one from a phone stand point is that 82% of teens expect their next phone to be an iPhone, up from the earlier survey in which the figure was 81%.
But there is one other interesting result: the favorite network of most teens is neither Facebook, nor Twitter, but Snapchat. 47% of teens name Snapchat as their preferred social network, despite growing pressure from Instagram, which has been copying features from Snapchat. Instagram is second in the survey with 24% of teens' preference, while Facebook only has 9% naming it as their favorite network, while for Twitter the number stands at just 7%.
If you were wondering about the average age of the respondents, that would be 16 years old. The survey spanned across average ($55,000) and high-income ($101,000) households, so the average income per surveyed household came at $66,000, slightly above the US national median.
Vancouver Canucks defenseman Dan Hamhuis is expected to make his long-awaited return to the lineup Saturday against the Calgary Flames, head coach Willie Desjardins confirmed Friday.
The 33-year-old has missed the club's last 21 games after suffering a facial fracture upon taking a Dan Boyle slap shot to the face during a game against the New York Rangers back on Dec. 9.
"I feel like training camp is over again, and I'm excited to return tomorrow" - Hamhuis, who will wear a modified helmet going forward. — Vancouver Canucks (@VanCanucks) February 5, 2016
The Canucks have gone just 9-8-4 during Hamhuis' absence and sit four points outside of the final playoff position in the Western Conference.
Earlier Friday, the Canucks placed defenseman Yannick Weber on waivers, which made room for Hamhuis' place on the roster.
(KUTV) An outspoken is making their voices heard about a new bigamy bill being introduced by lawmakers.
Joe Darger and his three wives say House Bill 99 creates more fear among polygamy families, who are already being discriminated against, because of their way of life.
“I can stand here because I'm not afraid. I dare the state to arrest me. I want them to arrest me,” Darger said. “This is my wife Vickie and my wife Valerie and my wife Alina, which I know is a felony in the state of Utah."
And because polygamous in Utah are not prosecuted unless they are committing serious crimes, Darger said there is no need for a bigamy bill. “I respect the law, but we have a law we have no intentions on enforcing; We only want to bully a class of people and keep them silent.”
HB 99, sponsored by Utah Rep. Michael Noel, R-Kanab, takes and changes one word.
“It's actually a one-word bill,” Noel said. “It changes ‘or' to ‘and.' We changed the statue to ‘purports to be married ‘and' co-habitates with the other person”
Noel said that one word in the previous bigamy bill cost the state millions of dollars with the Kody Brown polygamous family known as the Sister Wives who won a lawsuit in Utah.
“Keeps us out of lawsuits, we don't want any more lawsuits,” Noel said. He also said the bill is not intended to go after families like the Dargers -- only those who are committing serious crimes within a polygamous relationship.
"You'd have to find someone that is actually being abused, married underage, coerced to be married, forced to be married, sex trafficking,” he said.
But the Dargers believe it still causes them to live in fear and that's why they believe polygamy should be decriminalized.
"If we decriminalize polygamy then people can come out and say who they are, access the services they need and be part of the society at large,” said Alina Darger.
"We are just looking to have our right to be married and be in the relationship we want to,” said Valerie Darger.
“We actually are very law abiding citizens. We are just standing up for this because we feel our rights are being taken away,” said Vicki Darger.
The Dargers are voicing their feelings at a late Wednesday afternoon committee meeting where HB 99 will be debated. If it passes it will go to the floor of the House.
Presumptive Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks during the Faith and Freedom Forum Coalition's “Road to Majority” conference on June 10, 2016 in Washington, D.C. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Donald Trump said that the United States needs to seriously consider profiling Muslims in order to prevent terrorist attacks. “I think profiling is something that we're going to have to start thinking about as a country,” Trump said during an interview with CBS' Face The Nation. The presumptive Republican nominee said that “I hate the concept of profiling” but he insisted that “we have to start using common sense and we have to use, you know, we have to use our heads.”
Trump defended his idea, which he had mentioned before, by saying that other countries are not as skittish about the issue as the United States. “Other countries do it, you look at Israel and you look at others, they do it and they do it successfully.” And even though he may dislike the practice, Trump said that really, when it comes down to it, “it's not the worst thing to do.”
In a separate part of the interview, Trump also appeared to backtrack a bit from a position that seemed to differ from that of the National Rifle Association. Last week, Trump had said that those who are on the terrorist watch list should not be allowed to buy firearms, a stance the NRA has spoken against in the past. On Sunday, Trump said he's working with the NRA to figure the best way to move forward.
“We understand there are problems with that because some people are on the terror watch list that shouldn't be on,” he said. “So I'm working with the NRA, we're discussing it and again the NRA has the best interests of our country, it just has the absolute best interests of our country.”
As was reported yesterday, officials have confirmed the Iran nuclear talks were extended another four days from that deadline, giving them until Monday, the latest in a series of short extensions that followed up the initial June 30 deadline.
There was a breakthrough in the talks last Saturday, but since then the official line is that things are going poorly, with claims of the US changing its demands at the last minute and reports of shouting matches in the middle of the talks by top officials on all sides.
At the same time, Israeli media are reporting a “done deal” in the talks, saying that there are plans to sign the pact early next week, and that the deal was reached after the US made some “capitulations over the past two to three weeks.”
Israeli reports are typically negative about the prospect of a deal, of course, but the report of a deal being close does make sense, as the Associated Press is reporting President Obama has been clearing out his schedule for the next few days “awaiting news from Vienna.”
On the other hand, reports from last weekend also suggested a deal was imminent, only to be followed up with the reports of changed demands from the US and other Western nations involved in the talks. Throughout all of this, the only official US statements have been repeated threats to “walk away” from the talks at any moment.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
There was a debate last spring, when the Sanders/Clinton race was at its most heated, as to whether Bernie Sanders' consistently out-polling Hillary Clinton was to be taken as a serious consideration in favor of his nomination. Before, during and after the race was competitive, this was the Vermont senator's strongest argument: He was out-polling Trump in the general election by an average of 10 or so points, whereas Clinton was only slightly ahead. His favorables were also much higher, often with a spread as much as 25 points.
Never mind, the pundits said—Clinton had been “vetted” and Sanders had not:
“Republicans hate Hillary, Democrats love Hillary and independents are unsure. It may well be that Hillary Clinton has an image problem that she needs to work on, but it's pretty much the same image problem she's had forever.” —Kevin Drum (Mother Jones, 9/15/15)
“All politicians get battered the more they're known. Maybe that won't happen to Bernie, but I think it will…. [Sanders] hasn't spent 25 years in the spotlight being trashed by what I would also call the vast right-wing conspiracy.” — The Nation's Joan Walsh (WNYC, 3/1/16)
It's true that Sanders does better than Clinton in hypothetical matchups against the Republicans…. But that's not because Sanders is the stronger nominee. It's because Republicans haven't yet trashed him the way they've trashed Clinton. Once they do, his advantage over her would disappear. —William Saletan (Slate, 4/26/16)
“It is true, as Sanders pointed out, that polls show him doing better than Clinton against Republicans in November. But it is also true that Clinton has not hit Sanders with a single negative ad. Not one.” — Michelle Goldberg (Slate, 5/2/16) [This statement was false, by the way.]
“We in media haven't told you much about Sanders. Esp. anything negative.” MSNBC's Joy Ann Reid (Twitter, 5/24/16)
These arguments suffered from two major problems:
1) As we noted in May (FAIR.org, 5/25/16), Sanders had, demonstrably, been vetted. Despite the many pundits cleverly framing the issue as “GOP attacks”, Sanders had been thoroughly vetted by the establishment center, in equally hostile terms. He'd been grilled about his socialism in the primary debates nine times, been subject to numerous attack ads by Clinton SuperPACs, had a half-dozen negative editorials in the Washington Post, received nonstop criticism from Vox, Slate, New York Magazine and MSNBC.
High-profile pro-Clinton pundits such as Joan Walsh, Joy Ann Reid, Jonathan Capehart, Jonathan Chait and others routinely took to social media to spin for Clinton and dismiss Sanders, and all major papers–New York Times, Boston Globe, Chicago Sun-Times, New York Daily News, LA Times, Las Vegas Sun and Rolling Stone—endorsed Clinton, and in doing so criticized Sanders. To saying nothing of the fact that every article complaining that Sanders had not been vetted, complete with “hypothetical” GOP attacks, were themselves a form of vetting.
The idea that Sanders had not been “properly examined” was pure dogma, asserted by pundits with hardly any critical thought. It was true because Important People in Important Media Outlets simply said it was. Most in the media failed to meaningfully push back against this dogma, and it was a major contributing factor to the Democrats not nominating someone who, by all available measures, was a stronger candidate than Clinton.
2) The corollary, that Clinton had been entirely vetted, was also a fiction. High profile pro-Clinton pundit and editor of the influential liberal Daily Kos blog Markos Moulitsas insisted in May that “current polling has Clinton's negatives baked in. They are her floor.” But this made little sense. As we noted at the time:
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
But Clinton also argued this back in January, when she insisted she was “vetted,”and since that time, her unfavorable-to-favorable spread has widened by roughly 14 points. Since she announced her campaign, her favorable/unfavorable gap has increased by almost 20 points. One may argue this is due to increased attention by the GOP and Sanders, but at some point we have a boy-who-cried-wolf problem: Was Clinton fully “vetted” in May 2015, January 2016 or is she now?
While it's true her unfavorables stayed roughly the same, this didn't mean waves of consequential negative coverage wouldn't keep coming: WikiLeaks revelations of campaign collusion with the DNC, questions about her health and a comment calling half of all Trump supporters “deplorables” all lost her several news cycles. The point is not that Clinton as a candidate isn't allowed to have bad press–it's that thinking adults claimed, based on some vague notion of “vetting,” that all of her bad press days were behind her.
Then there was the fact that Clinton was currently under FBI criminal investigation. A wild card that made possible the Comey October Surprise—fair or not—but nonetheless was overlooked in the “Clinton has hit her floor of dislike” arguments. How could one possibly argue Clinton had been fully vetted when an entirely secret Department of Justice inquiry, complete with subpoena power and search warrants, was ongoing?
Glaring inconsistencies in these arguments were overlooked with little explanation. Clinton was the party's choice and everyone had to just get in line, cognitive dissonance be damned. As FAIR noted at the time:
But dismissing a major indicator of popularity like polling—a key tool of campaign journalism in virtually all other contexts—due to vague, handwaving claims of unvettedness comes across as far a more convenient talking point than an earnestly arrived-at conclusion.
And that's exactly what it was—an empty talking point meant to gaslight readers in the face of overwhelming polling data. “Electability” arguments, it ought to be noted, were also leveled against the current president-elect. These too were based more on mythology than evidence.
Above all, these concepts were far more about simply asserting “truth” than seeking it, in hopes no one would have the time or capacity to push back. The words chose the meaning, not the other way around, and Clinton was “electable” and “vetted” simply by repetition; any deviation or examination of this script was from progressive outlets like Jacobin and Huffington Post.Throughout the campaign, this inevitability posture was a matter of religious conviction that spread largely unchecked–and, as such, may have helped contribute to Trump's improbable victory.
Colors create life and energy. They radiate beauty and often expresses various emotions and feelings… For designers, color plays a significant role in creating artworks. The blending and the harmony of the colors given can either enhance or destroy a design…
With today's post, we have collected A Compilation of Free Online Color Generator Tools for Designers that you can look into as referral to colors that you may and can use for your designs. Check out this color generators and feel free to use what online color tools you're comfortable.
Kuler
View Source
Color Schemer v2
View Source
Colour Grab
View Source
Color Spire
View Source
Colour Lovers
View Source
Hex Color Scheme Generator
View Source
Color Combos
View Source
Color Scheme Designer
View Source
Color Palette
View Source
Color Jack
View Source
Color Otate
View Source
The Color Tool
View Source
Color Palette
View Source
Color Schemes
View Source
Color Explorer
View Source
Contrasta
View Source
Color Hunter
View Source
Color Blender
View Source
Color Mixers
View Source
Last year saw its share of douchebags, assholes, and generally repellent people. Here's what we think — or hope — will happen to them this year.
Roman Polanski committed rape back in 1977, but his arrest in Switzerland in 2009 brought the case to the fore again. In 2010 we saw a public statement by Polanski in which he cast himself as the victim, and, eventually, his release. His extradition in 2011 seems like too much to hope for — unless, that is, he ventures to England or Italy. This may be a quiet year for him, though he'll be back in the news in 2012 with the release of God of Carnage.
Advertisement
Financier Jeffrey Epstein served a very cushy-sounding 13-month sentence for solicitation of prostitution, despite his alleged assaults on 18 or more underage girls. Now he's free, and partying with the likes of Prince Andrew and Woody Allen. But at least as of this summer, federal authorities were investigating Epstein for possible child trafficking — if they find something, we could see more serious charges in 2011.
Advertisement
We all know Jesse James cheated on Sandra Bullock because she made too much money and also because of the Oscar curse. New love Kat Von D is significantly less rich and famous than Sandra, so obviously they will get married in 2011 and live happily ever after with no infidelity at all.
Advertisement
Wisconsin DA Kenneth Kratz initially acted like his relentless sexting of a domestic abuse victim was no big deal. Finally, though, he resigned — and his replacement Jerilyn Dietz, herself a survivor of sexual assault, just started work in December. We hope Kratz exercises better judgment in 2011, and that anti-choice (and anti-birth-control) incoming governor Scott Walker doesn't roll back women's rights in Wisconsin.
Advertisement
World's Worst DA Sexted Abuse Victim In one of the most repugnant cases in recent memory, a Wisconsin DA is accused of sexting an abuse… Read more Read
Mel Gibson repeatedly horrified us in 2010, from his abusive tirades against Oksana Grigorieva to accounts of his bizarre anti-Semitic comments. Of course, Gibson says Grigorieva "pushed his buttons," and some of his friends continue to defend him. But Mel Gibson's behavior might have cost him a role in The Hangover, and his continued legal troubles can't be good for his career. In 2011, he could even face jail time.
Advertisement
This year, we learned about fashion photographer Terry Richardson's alleged fondness for handjobs, tampon tea, and harassment. Despite criticism from Tavi Gevinson and others, Richardson presses on with gluttony-themed photo shoots and songs about child molesters. He's ringing in the new year with an unsurprisingly pervy ad campaign for Equinox gyms, but does his Mango campaign signal a less icky direction for 2011? We're not holding our breath.
Advertisement
Silvio Berlusconi's penchant for showgirls, sexy Santas, and saying the most offensive thing possible in any given situation have kept him in the news for a while. This year, he educated us on "bunga-bunga" and the virtues of dating a rich guy. But a leaked cable suggested that all the bunga was wearing him out, and he appears to be losing support in the Italian government. Maybe 2011 will bring Berlusconi's overdue retirement.
Advertisement
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange hasn't yet traveled to Sweden to be questioned about the rape allegations against him, but he has introduced us to the phrase "Saudi Arabia of feminism" and sparked some truly terrible public conversation. And if he isn't already haunting your dreams, these photos of his Christmas activities may help. In 2011, we'll see his extradition hearing, and, depending on how that goes, possible trial in Sweden. We may also get to read his memoir — he's slated to deliver the manuscript sometime this year. And maybe we'll finally hear the dirt WikiLeaks supposedly has on a big US bank. Also, WikiLeaks aficionados can ring in the new year with MIA's just-released mixtape ViCKi LEEKX.
In Matchup Of Beer And Cheese, Everybody Wins — With A Good Coach
Enlarge this image toggle caption Claire O'Neill /NPR Claire O'Neill /NPR
With the Super Bowl looming, three questions are buzzing around America: Who are you pulling for; who's singing at halftime; and where are you watching the game? And if you're hosting a party, you're also asking yourself: What am I going to feed these people?
So it's a good time to highlight a basic lesson of hosting: Nothing classes up a party — even one that's focused on watching football on TV — like good cheese.
And as I learned recently, nothing tastes better with cheese than beer. That's the word from Garrett Oliver, author of The Brewmaster's Table, an influential book about how to make beer-food relationships work.
When I called Oliver to ask which cheeses and beers are simpatico, he was traveling around to support his more recent work: the encyclopedic Oxford Companion to Beer, which he edited. In what may be the most enviable book tour I've ever heard of, Oliver hosts "tasting dinners" for audiences at craft breweries and restaurants around the U.S.
Oliver's beer and cheese pairings have been honed by numerous competitions, in which he faces off with wine experts to see who can pick the best beverage to go with a variety of cheeses.
"I've done a lot of competitions against sommeliers," he says. "And I always win. In fact, there are a number of wine books that actually mention that beer is easier to pair with cheese than wine is. And I think it's undoubtedly true."
We started talking about why that might be. I asked Oliver whether beer's carbonation might help cleanse the palate after you've eaten a hunk of creamy cheese.
"That's definitely true," he says. "It's got a cutting power. I mean, it's a physical scrubbing action. I call it 'scrubbing bubbles' — you know, literally, lift some of that fat off your palate. Whereas, famously, cheese is quite mouth-coating, and often doesn't even allow you to taste the wine."
And then there are the essential ingredients. Beer can be made from a wide range of malted grains, hops, and yeast, along with other add-ins, such as fruits and spices. That's where it can pull ahead of wine, says Oliver, who is also the brewmaster at Brooklyn Brewery.
"For example, if we want to take the malt and smoke it, we can make a smoked beer," Oliver says. "We can caramelize the malts; we can roast them like coffee beans, and make a beer that tastes like coffee, or chocolate. Or, you can make a beer that's 3 percent (alcohol), and slightly acidic, and is much lighter and delicate than any wine, and tastes completely different. Brewing is more like cooking; it can taste like almost anything."
By contrast, wine relies on a single ingredient — grapes, as either a single breed or a blend of several breeds — for its basic flavor profile. Other qualities are derived from how it's stored and aged — in oak barrels, for instance.
"That's not to say there's not a big difference between gewürztraminer and chardonnay," Oliver says. "But it's not as broad as the difference between IPA and stout."
Still, Oliver notes that an individual wine can be very complex. And he stresses that he's not trying to say you can't pair cheese with wine — just that it's not as easy as it looks.
"It's less about harmony than about contrast. Wine is very good at doing contrast. Beer is very good at doing harmony with food, including cheeses," Oliver says. "If you really do it well, with the beer, you can have the harmony and the contrast at the same time. And that's what gives some of those pairings a great lift."
Here's a guide to some of his favorites:
Garrett Oliver's Guide To Beer And Cheese Stilton Blue Cheese + Imperial Stout Claire O'Neill/NPR Oliver calls this "one of the most surprising pairings, one of the ones they like best. Imperial stout, which is a strong stout, pairs very nicely with Stilton, as does another strong style: barley wine, which is strong ale, usually above 10 percent, with a very rich, caramely, malt character. Some residual sweetness is in each of those — that works very well with Stilton."
Fresh Goat Cheese + Saison Claire O'Neill/NPR "With fresh goat cheeses, as opposed to aged goat cheeses, saisons work very well," Oliver says. "They're bright; they're citrusy, they're super dry; they're slightly tangy. And their flavors are highly complementary to the flavors of those goat cheeses."
Sheep's Milk Cheese + Brown Ale Claire O'Neill/NPR "Ossau-Iraty cheeses — the sheep's milk, Pyrenees cheeses — pair up very well, across the board, with brown ales. It's just an astonishing pairing. Because the cheese has these very nutty flavors from the sheep's milk that translate directly into the cheese — and then are picked up on by the nutty caramel flavors of beer."
Farmhouse Cheddar + IPA Claire O'Neill/NPR "I like IPAs with farmhouse cheddar. They're both kind of sharp and fruity; they both have kind of explosively big flavors. I think those work nicely together," Oliver says. If you have trouble finding a true "farmhouse" cheddar, a clothbound, aged cheddar should get along well with an IPA's notes of pine and citrus.
Epoisses Or Taleggio + "Brett" Beers Claire O'Neill/NPR More and more beers include a wild yeast, Brettanomyces, which is often associated with the word "barnyard" — thanks to the clove-like aroma and musty grassiness it brings. "Those funky, earthy flavors tend to be very nice with washed-rind cheeses, like Epoisses, Taleggio, and cheeses like that," Oliver says.
Or, if you prefer a quick short-hand list, here you are:
Fresh Goat Cheese and Saison
Sheep's Milk Cheese and Brown Ale
Stilton Blue Cheese and Stout
Farmhouse Cheddar and IPA
Epoisses or Taleggio and "Brett" beers (sour or wild ales)
We used Oliver's suggestions to set up an informal taste test here at NPR — well, it was a photo shoot, and then people realized we had beer and cheese in the office, and things just kind of went that way.
Oliver didn't name specific brands for his pairings, so I took the opportunity to get together some of my favorite beers, and to try others for the first time.
People loved a pairing of taleggio and Mikkeller Nelson Sauvin Brut, a craft beer that includes subtle New Zealand hops along with Brettanomyces, a wild yeast that imparts musty, grassy notes that are often referred to as "barnyard."
"Those funky, earthy flavors tend to be very nice with washed-rind cheeses, like Epoisses, Taleggio, and cheeses like that," Oliver says.
Another favorite was the Stillwater Stateside Saison, along with Capriole's Sofia goat cheese.
"With fresh goat cheeses, as opposed to aged goat cheeses, saisons work very well," Oliver says. "They're bright; they're citrusy, they're super dry; they're slightly tangy."
The dry Stateside and delicate Sofia both drew raves as people went back and forth between the two. And the cheese got bonus points because it was made in Indiana, where the Super Bowl will be played.
If all this fancy-cheese talk sounds a little high-brow to you, think of it this way: Super Bowl XLVI will be an expensive spectacle, in which millionaires compete on a field enclosed by a stadium named for an oil company. The broadcast will include Madonna, in a halftime show that has ties to Cirque du Soleil.
So if you're hoping to preserve the grass-roots simplicity of football, my friend, not only has that horse left the barn — it's voguing It's way down Main Street.
And if you're hosting a party, you must confront a few essential truths: Some of your guests only want to see the commercials and the halftime show; others are bored by the idea of a rematch of the 2008 game; still others, I recently learned, only want to see guys running around in tight pants.
Taken together, all this means that this is the year for your Super Bowl spread to really shine, for you to show that you've put some thought into your menu — even if it just gives people more reasons to eat good cheese and have a nice beer.
The best part is that cheese takes almost no preparation time. If your repertoire of culinary skills includes unwrapping a block and placing it on a plate next to some crackers, you're good to go.
If you'd like to round out your menu with foods specific to Indiana, Michele Kayal has written up how to do that, for our Kitchen Window recipe series.
LOS ANGELES—Microsoft's E3 press conference included the announcement of Xbox Game Preview, a service that largely mimics the Early Access feature of the Steam PC games store. The new feature will allow Xbox One game developers to launch games that are technically unfinished, providing users with a chance to sample and beta test before the game's formal launch.
The feature will launch later this year for all Xbox One owners, but console owners who are in the system's dashboard preview program can jump in today and download the games Elite: Dangerous and The Long Dark. When the program launches for all users, Bohemian Interactive's open-world, early-access hit DayZ will also launch on Xbox One—and that news gave DayZ co-creator Dean Hall an opportunity to unveil a new space-survival game, Ion. Its eerie trailer ended with an announcement that the new game would launch in 2016.
Unlike Steam Early Access, Xbox Game Preview will allow players to try new, not-quite-finished games for a limited trial period before plunking down cash. Microsoft did not specify how long that free trial would last, however.
Other indie games featured at the Microsoft E3 press conference included the '40s cartoon romp Cuphead, a gorgeous watercolor-smothered adventure game called Beyond Eyes, and an atmospheric adventure game called Tacoma from the team behind indie story-adventure hit Gone Home.
A new NPD report published Monday shows that premium cable networks like HBO and Showtime are quickly losing viewers while Netflix continues to rack up subscribers at an impressive clip. But according to those premium cable networks, NPD's data is flat out wrong. It took less than 24 hours for HBO and Showtime to come out swinging against the idea that Netflix is stealing their customers. "While it is true that video services like Netflix have gained, so too have premium cable channels," Showtime said in a statement. The company pointed to recent SNL Kagan numbers — taken from the same period covered by NPD — that showed penetration growth for several premium networks. Showtime penetration grew from 21.1 percent to 22.8 percent; HBO from 28.2 percent to 29.2 percent; Cinemax from 11.2 percent to 13.6 percent, and Starz rose from 19.9 percent to 22 percent.
HBO also joined in, slamming NPD's research as "simply incorrect" in a statement. "Both HBO and Cinemax services have shown significant domestic subscriber growth the past two years," a spokesman told The Los Angeles Times. HBO added 1.9 million new subscribers in 2012, and the company expects to see a similar final count for 2013. We've reached out to NPD for comment on the situation.
Update: NPD has pulled down its original report in response to criticism from HBO, Showtime, and other networks. According to The Hollywood Reporter, the research firm plans to take another look at its survey — which incorporated data from 7,500 households — though NPD still isn't offering official comment on the matter.
Update 2: NPD admits it was wrong. The company says that while it believes the overall number of cable subscribers has declined, individual channels like HBO and Showtime could indeed be seeing more subscriptions if individual people are subscribing to more channels than they were before. Statement below:
UPDATE: Get all the details on the new WWE Network by clicking here, here, and here. Get a first look at it by clicking here.
As we've noted multiple times here on the site, WWE has scheduled a press conference for Wed., Jan. 8, 2014, in Las Vegas, Nevada, to make a "groundbreaking announcement" that will "change WWE forever". It was speculated that the announcement would have to do with the long planned WWE Network.
There's no need to speculate any longer. It's official.
How it became official is interesting to note. WWE sent out an e-mail that spoiled the announcement in the title before pulling the link the e-mail made a click through. The title read: "WWE Event Reminder: WWE Network Announcement scheduled for Wednesday, January 8".
Whoops!
A press release was also sent out:
STAMFORD, Conn., January 7, 2014 - A groundbreaking WWE announcement will air LIVE on WWE.com tomorrow at 9:30 pm ET.
WWE Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Vince McMahon, Chief Revenue & Marketing Officer Michelle D. Wilson, Chief Brand Officer Stephanie McMahon, Executive Vice President, Talent & Live Events Paul "Triple H®" Levesque, Executive Vice President, Digital Media Perkins Miller, WWE Hall of Famers Shawn Michaels and "Stone Cold®" Steve Austin and WWE Superstar John Cena® will make the announcement live from Las Vegas.
The groundbreaking announcement will also be streamed live on the WWE App, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo!, Google+, Pinterest and Pheed.
We'll have coverage of the press conference tomorrow night, complete with a live stream and breakdown of all the details on the WWE Network.
It's finally here, folks!
The ex-Manchester United stars known as the Class of '92 buy a football club seven tiers down from the Premier League with a dream of taking it up to the top.
The ex-Manchester United stars known as the Class of '92 are going on a new adventure. They've bought a football club seven tiers down from the Premier League with a dream of taking it up to the top. This new series captures the humour and drama on and off the pitch as Ryan Giggs, Phil and Gary Neville, Paul Scholes and Nicky Butt spend their first season in charge of Salford City F.C, a club run by volunteers with an average gate of 80. With intimate access to the Class of '92, the series captures the closeness of their friendship and their determination to succeed.
In this first episode, reality sinks in. The Class of '92 are shocked to learn that their two managers have holidays during important pre-season matches, the stadium is falling apart, the toilets are a health hazard and their team of part-timers are sometimes late for training. It soon becomes clear that the five ex-professionals have a lot to learn about life in the amateur league.
However, the season gets off to a flying start. Star striker (and male model) Gareth Seddon drops down four leagues to play with his heroes and delivers results, but the bubble soon bursts. Tempers flare on the touchline as Salford's manager is sent off for fighting, and the team drops position.
The first four months are a baptism of fire. The Class of '92 need to save their season, and Scholes and Phil Neville start to coach. But can the team find their winning form again and get the promotion dream back on track?
About
K for Kickstarter
Logo of our beautiful book
We live in a world where we stop listening. Our thoughts are constantly wandering. We walk trough the most beautiful places, looking at our phones, not realising all the amazing things happening around us. We are trapped in ourselves. Water bottles are some of the many things we are overlooking these days. Noone really cares any more about them. That is why we set out with this project to change that. We want to bring the beauty of a water bottle back to reality. It is a deep cry inside ourselves for appreciation of the design and aesthetics of a long forgotten item.
Therefore we want to creat this book containing some of the world's most beautiful water bottle arrangements, to bring back the joy in a young generation of phone lovers and coke drinkers. They don't understand anymore what it is to really love a water bottle and the aesthetics it delivers.
Please see here some exclusive imagery that will be featured in the book. We need 350€ to make this project come to life. Only with the help of you innovative and back in the days loving Kickstarter people we can make it. Please help us! We will send you our book as soon as our printer has them ready!
This picture is called "star"
This picture is called "heart"
The T stands for THANK YOU KICKSTARTER BOTTLE LOVERS
Very famous water bottle artist with water bottles
Fulfilment
We have everything in place to print these books. We have found some great websites, where you can just make books with a click of a button. All books will be shipped by August to you our amazing backers.
Los Angeles City Hall. (Kansas Sebastian / CC 2.0)
Los Angeles City Council members have been vocal about their opposition to many of the Trump administration's new policies, and a series of moves made by the council this week reinforced the city's progressive opposition.
First, on Tuesday, an L.A. City Council committee heard testimony from people who had been detained at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) as a result of President Trump's travel ban. Los Angeles Daily News reported:
Jennie Pasquarella, director of immigrants' rights for the American Civil Liberties Union of California, told the committee overseeing LAX that, in one instance, a green card holder who had her 10-month-old baby in a cold room “didn't have access to baby food,” and the baby later became “very ill” with a fever. Another woman detained said she only had access to a vending machine that was a quarter full and which required her to have money to access it, Pasquarella told the Innovation, Grants, Technology, Commerce and Trade Committee at Los Angeles City Hall.
Many council members were shocked, the Daily News notes. Councilman Bob Blumenfield was reportedly “appalled” by the “horrendous conditions people were put through by our government.”
However, one group was notably absent from Tuesday's hearing: U.S. Customs and Border Patrol (CBP.)
“We did invite them and they directed us to their website,” Blumenfield stated, according to LAist.
Tuesday's hearing culminated in a number of recommendations that will proceed to the full city council. LAist reported:
The City Council committee ultimately decided to recommend that the airport look into ways to engage the Red Cross in the future. Their motion, which still needs to be adopted by the full council, also recommends that the airport look into a number of avenues of preparation for similar situations that might arise, including ways to provide food and water to detainees in CBP custody, as well as access to counsel. The motion also recommended the establishment of protocol that would give airport officials the ability to inspect CBP holding areas.
“I'm appalled by the way you were treated and I'm sorry for that on behalf of the government, even though we don't represent the federal government,” Blumenfield told one traveler who gave testimony. “It's awful and not the way it should be.”
Los Angeles continued to handle issues brought about by the new Trump administration Wednesday, when the full city council unanimously voted on a measure to protect citizens from being forced to provide their religious affiliation. The Los Angeles Times reported:
The City Council voted unanimously to ask city attorneys to write a new law prohibiting the city's nearly 47,000 employees from registering individuals based on their religion or spiritual faith or participating in other discriminatory behavior. Trump's immigration policies and his statements on creating watchlists or registries have sparked criticisms and concerns in some corners.
This new motion also “instructs the Los Angeles Police Department and city attorney to report on their efforts to respond to hate crimes and ensure the safety of Muslim Americans, immigrants and others in minority communities,” added the Times.
Los Angeles has been a hub of resistance against the Trump administration since he took office. Hundreds of thousands of Angelenos took to the streets to rally against the new administration, and the city's government has since created new laws to protect minorities and immigrants in the city.
Los Angeles, along with San Francisco and Sacramento, Calif., are all committed to remaining “sanctuary cities” and have threatened to go to court if that status is challenged by the Trump administration.
The Los Angeles City Council also “recently voted to create an immigrant advocate's office” to “hire a City Hall legal adviser with immigration expertise who also could help immigrants avoid the kind of mass deportation promised by Trump.”
Los Angeles City Councilman Paul Krekorian, who proposed the motion to shield against religious discrimination, zeroed in on the city's progressive ideals when explaining the need for such legislation.
“It's important for the city to get ahead of this,” he said, “and say, ‘We're not going to stand for this.' ”
In the scope of Guimarães 2012 European Capital of Culture, the Fundação Cidade de Guimarães, Família Fernando Távora, Associação Casa da Arquitectura and Fundação Instituto Marques da Silva present, between the 17th of November 2012 and the 15th February 2013, the project Fernando Távora Permanent Modernity, coordinated by the Architect Álvaro Siza. This initiative will gather a number of events, from which we point out the Exhibition, the Conferences, the Guided Tours, the Exhibition Catalogue and the publication of the facsimile “On Board” Diary.
Fernando Távora Permanent Modernity is an exhibition on the Architect Fernando Távora work, which, far from being monographic or anthological секс, intends to give us a transversal reading on the insisting relation between that work and the teaching practice, while being an Architecture Professor.
Thus, it is a collection of documents, some in the scope of drawing and Architecture photography, some in the documental scope of the existing records of his classes, conferences, field trips. The final goal aims to including all documentation in a whole with legible coherence, in such a natural way as it was collected throughout life.
This whole does not seek, as referred, to gather the immensity and complexity of Fernando Távora's work and thought, but rather focus on the pedagogic character of that same work ad though. Aims to exploiting in what circumstances the architecture practice and the teaching one contaminate each other, where do they meet each other.
Informations and booking to Conferences, Guided Tours and Publications: casadaarquitectura.pt.
Fernando Távora, sketch, drawing studio of the School of Architecture of the University of Minho
Technical
–
Fundação Cidade de Guimarães
Project Programmed by the Thought Area of Guimarães 2012 European Capital of Culture
Programmer: João Serra
Coordinator: Álvaro Siza
Exhibition Commissioner: José António Bandeirinha
Conference Comissioner: Alexandre Alves Costa
Assistant Comissioner: Gonçalo Canto Moniz, Carlos Martins.
Collaboration: Rui Aristides, Vânia Saraiva, Rosa Bandeirinha e Benedita Sequeira Pinto
Expository Project: João Mendes Ribeiro com Catarina Fortuna e Joana Brandão
Graphic Design: FBA.
Interviews
Realização de Catarina Alves Costa (realization of)
Guião de José António Bandeirinha (script of)
Classes Videos: OASRN e FAUP
Techical Support: Conceição Pratas e Ana Ramos (FIMS)
Production: Associação Casa da Arquitectura
A Project
Fundação Cidade de Guimarães
Família Fernando Távora
Associação Casa da Arquitectura
Fundação Instituto Arquitecto José
Marques da Silva
Partners
Colégio da Artes da Universidade de Coimbra
Departamento de Arquitectura da Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia da Universidade de Coimbra
Escola de Arquitectura da Universidade do Minho
Faculdade de Arquitectura da Universidade do Porto
Ordem dos Arquitectos – Secção Regional do Norte
Support
Direcção Regional de Cultura do Norte
CLIMAR
MDS – Correctores de Seguros
JOFEBAR
FAMO
According to the most recent study by the Center for Responsive Politics, Wall Street has completely given up on Democrats, even as contributions to Republicans have surged to a near multi-year record, or 68% of total. After donations hit parity in December 2009, following a gradual decline from a record Democrat preference in March of 2009, the spread between Wall Street charity to Democrats and Republicans has hit nearly 40% in the GOP's favor. Per OpenSecrets: "The Center's preliminary study indicates that political action committees and individuals associated with the broad finance, insurance and real estate sector have given more money to federal-level Republican interests during every month since December. The gap continued to grow during that time, reaching its widest point in June." The sad conclusion for the Obama administration is that even those who the president burned so much political capital to bail out, and will almost certainly cost him his second term, have turned against him: "But at this juncture, the general trend is clear: The broad financial sector in June appears to have spent a greater percentage of its cash on federal-level Republicans than at any time since May 2008."
More from OpenSecrets:
The Center's preliminary study indicates that political action committees and individuals associated with the broad finance, insurance and real estate sector have given more money to federal-level Republican interests during every month since December. The gap continued to grow during that time, reaching its widest point in June.
Such a shift away from Democratic candidates -- darlings of Wall Street interests for much of 2009 -- coincides with Democrat-driven financial reform legislation that President Barack Obama signed last month.
Contribution trends toward Republicans is particularly pronounced in the securities and investment industry, the Center finds.
During March 2009, people and PACs associated with this industry directed 70 percent of their federal-level contributions to Democratic candidates, party committees and leadership PACs.
By June, such numbers had practically flipped, with preliminary figures indicating Republican interests had received 68 percent of all federal-level contributions from this industry.
Individuals associated with these industries, such as company executives and middle managers, are the primary drivers of a Republican campaign donation shift, the Center's research indicates.
For example, in June, political action committees sponsored by securities and investment firms and trade groups almost evenly split their federal-level political contributions between Democrats and Republicans, preliminary figures show.
But individuals working within this industry favored Republicans by a nearly seven-to-10 margin in June. That's a significant departure from the beginning of 2009, when individuals working in this industry favored Democratic interests with six dollars for every 10 dollars spent on federal-level political interests.
One may wonder who the two remaining advisors that Obama has surrounded himself by, Larry Summers, and Tim Geithner truly work for: it is no secret that their long-term allegiances lie with precisely those who have now deserted the president. Perhaps it is not too late for Obama to make a clean break with Wall Street and truly embrace the bulk of America's population in one last act of expiation. After all, that would be a return to precisely the same roots of "change" that got the president elected in the first place. We are confident the American public can fina way to forgive and forget if Obama is truly repentful for the past two years of consistent faux pas.
Former Sen. Jinggoy Estrada has sought the Sandiganbayan's permission to go on a second overseas trip, four months after regaining temporary liberty — this time for “a long-desired family bonding” in Hong Kong.
In his five-page motion, Estrada asked the Fifth Division to allow him to leave the country from Dec. 26 to 31, saying he had promised the trip to his family.
ADVERTISEMENT
“This… has long been promised by accused-movant to his family that if allowed by the Court, all of them will take a holiday trip to a near Asian country …,” the motion read.
Estrada, his wife, Presentacion, and their children, Janella, Jolo, Julian and Jill, plan to stay at the posh Marco Polo hotel in Kowloon.
After posting bail on Sept. 16, Estrada was allowed to accompany his father, former President and incumbent Manila Mayor Joseph Estrada, for a medical procedure from Nov. 11 to 20 in Singapore. —Vince F. Nonato
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
A few weeks ago, we reported on The LEGO Movie Radio DJ Robot Minifigure polybag but didn't know how to get it. I was checking Walmart's site and the dreaded news has come. By pre-ordering The LEGO Movie Video Game, you will be able to get this exclusive polybag. What's weird is that it is only available on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 at this time. There's no word on whether the Radio DJ Robot will be available on PS4 and Xbox One. Gamestop also has some bonuses going on with their pre-orders with the Western Emmet and a $7.50 movie ticket voucher. If the Robot DJ is not available on PS4 and Xbox One, it'll be a pretty hard decision to make for what system you should get the game for.
0
Mexico Promises Aid to Texas in Wake of Hurricane Harvey
What kind of upside down, topsy-turvy, mirror universe exists where a foreign country seems to be more concerned with the well-being of America than its own president? This one, apparently.
Hurricane Harvey (or Tropical Storm Harvey) swept across Texas this weekend and left a swath of destruction, flooding Houston and forcing 30,000 people to seek shelter. The damage was so severe that, according to sites such as The Hill and Washington Examiner, Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray Caso promised to help Texas recover from this horrific natural disaster:
“The government of Mexico takes this opportunity to express its full solidarity with the people and government of the United States for the damages caused by Hurricane Harvey in Texas.”
This isn't the first time the Mexican government has offered to help America recover from particularly powerful hurricanes, as in 2005, Mexico sent aid to New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina.
“As we have done in the past, Mexico stands with Texas in this difficult moment,” states Carlos Gonzalez Gutierrez, Mexican consul general in Austin, Texas.
While the Texans left homeless by Hurricane Harvey are no doubt thankful for Mexico's aid, President Donald Trump is less thankful. In fact, he's oblivious to the country even offering to help with the recovery, because, you guessed it, he still wants Mexico to pay for the border wall. Trump released the following Twitter post yesterday, albeit long before the Mexican government promised to aid Texas:
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2017
The response to President Trump's tweet is almost universally negative. Some commenters point out the Mexican government already stated it won't pay for the wall, while others call Trump everything from a bully to a psychopath (their words, not mine). And yet Mexico is still willing to help Texas. This, my friends, is what decent human beings do: they help people in need without question, even after being insulted almost nonstop for over a year. We all could learn a lesson from Caso and Gutierrez, especially President Trump, who has yet to even acknowledge the Mexican government's intent to send aid.
We here at Geek Reply are thankful for Mexico sending aid to Texas to help it recover from this disastrous event. We also wish the best to everyone affected by Hurricane Harvey.
Mexico's Ministry of Foreign Affairs has released a video advising Mexican nationals living in the United States illegally about what to do if they are faced with immigration detention.
Mexico's Ministry of Foreign Affairs released the Spanish-language video titled “Recommendations in Case of Immigration Detention” last month. The video details what Mexican illegal immigrants should do to prepare for possible detention. The Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) released a translation of the video on Friday.
WATCH:
Set to peppy electronic music, the video includes seven steps, divided into two sections. The first section explains what illegal immigrants should do to “prepare in case of immigration detention.” These steps, according to CIS' translation, include:
1.Elaborate an emergency plan: take care of your family especially minors. If they were born in the U.S.A., go to the nearest consulate and register them as Mexicans. 2. Research what documents you should always carry with you and keep a copy of all your documentation in a safe place. 3. If you require immigration guidance, go to your consulate, they will give you information about reliable lawyers. 4. Know your rights in case you are detained in your home, workplace, or on the street.
The video's second section advises, “How to act in case of immigration detention.” According to a CIS translation, the video say:
5. If authorities come to your home:
– Do not run away.
– Do not open the door and stay calm.
– Do not reveal your immigration status.
– Ask what they are there for.
– Request an interpreter if you need it.
– Ask that they show you the warrant of arrest and/or removal through the window, check that it has your name, address, and signature of the judge.
– If they do not have a court order you can refuse to let them in. 6. If the authorities enter your home without a warrant of arrest and/or removal: ask for names and badge numbers, tell them that you do not consent to the search. 7. If the authorities detain you:
– Remain silent.
– Do not reveal your immigration status.
– Ask to speak with your nearest Mexican consulate.
– Contact your lawyer.
– Don't sign anything.
– Find out who arrested you.
– Request an interpreter if you need it.
– Do not lie.
– Do not hand in forged documents
President Donald Trump has promised to crack down on illegal immigration in the United States. The Trump administration has already taken steps to increase immigration enforcement, streamline the deportation process, and build the border wall.
Last month, we started a thing: Trying to identify, and then appreciate, the single best defensive game any player had that month. Partly an excuse to make sweet moving pictures, mostly an attempt to put excellent short-burst defense in perspective, so that we can intuit the value of a great defensive game just as easily as we can process Chris Davis' 4-for-5 with three home runs. To do that we had to turn these defensive plays into something like numbers, and to do that we turned to Inside Edge, provider of defensive data to major-league clubs, media outlets, and elsewhere. Inside Edge rates each defensive opportunity thusly:
Routine: Greater than 90 percent chance that it will be fielded
Likely: 60 to 90 percent chance
Even: 40 to 60 percent chance
Unlikely: 10 to 40 percent chance
Remote: 1 to 10 percent chance
Impossible: 0 percent chance
With each play rated, then, we could pick a winner, and for May that winner is Aaron Hill, for the game he played on May 14th. Here's what Aaron Hill's defensive performance looked like in the box score of the next morning's newspaper:
[This space left blank]
The only defense that was deemed important enough to record in that game's box score was: An error by Ian Desmond; an error by Chris Owings; a pickoff by Doug Fister. A slightly more detailed box score would note Jayson Werth's outfield assist. Add one more level of detail and the box score would record the double play collaborations: A Rendon-D Espinosa-T Moore; I Desmond-T Moore. That's it, though. Nothing on Aaron Hill.
So we proceed on our own. Ten baseballs were hit near Aaron Hill in this game.
1. Anthony Rendon, First Inning
Routine. If you watch closely, there are 10 people in this picture who have to perform some action during this play: The second-base umpire moves around to the other side of the bag in case there's an errant throw leading to a play at second, for instance. The catcher moves over to back up the throw to first. Rendon runs to first, of course, and Goldschmidt covers first, and the first-base umpire shifts into position, and the first-base coach shuffles about to have a better angle on the throw and the play, while the right fielder halfheartedly backs up the grounder and the shortstop starts walking over to second base, also in case of a play caused by a poor throw, and the home plate umpire jogs out for some reason that probably makes sense. On any batted baseball, there are a dozen or so routine acts that the men on the field do routinely. Relative to all these people, Hill's job was the least routine. It was still very routine. Inside Edge calls this one 90 to 100 percent likely to be made, so Hill gets credit for maybe 1/20th of an extra play here.
2. Nate McLouth, Third Inning
This one goes down as Even, a 40 to 60 percent chance of an average defender making it. Hill, as they say, makes it look easy; considerably easier than Nationals' first-base coach Tony Tarasco makes his job look. There's a moment that is a bit hard to see in the first GIF, but clearer in this second one, just as Hill stabs the ball,
when you can see the effort involved in keeping his balance. It's a three-step move. In the first step, as he fully extends, his left foot turns a bit in at an angle to begin the spin and counter the momentum of his lunge; in the second, he has to make a very quick step so that his right foot can catch up and keep him from tumbling, while the momentum of his upper body carries him into an almost prostrate position, head facing the ground; then a strong plant on his left foot stabilizes the action. Slowed down, he seems to be on the edge of his balance and then in perfect posture within three very quick steps.
The Diamondbacks didn't broadcast this game on TV, so the average Arizona fan didn't get to see any of these plays; a diehard fan would have gotten to hear them, on the Diamondbacks radio broadcast. What does this play look like to a radio listener?
Greg Schulte: Groundball to the right side, nice play by Hill, going to his left, turns around and throws to Goldschmidt on a dandy fielding play there.
Tom Candiotti: Really nice play. Looks like it might get into right field, Hill ranging that way, spears it with one hand and then does the pirouette play.
For converting an “Even” chance, Hill gets credit for one half of an extra play over an average second baseman.
3. Anthony Rendon, Fourth Inning
Routine, even more routine than the first ball Rendon hit. There is nothing to say about this play, except did you ever notice that the screen behind home plate at Chase Field is a mirror showing the catcher's butt? We'll give Hill credit for 1/20th of an extra play.
4. Ian Desmond, Fifth Inning
That counts as a chance, though a remote chance; Hill was between one and 10 percent likely to make the play, and he didn't. On the one hand, Hill doesn't get the out. Dock him 1/20th of a play. On the other, after kicking it and chasing it down he ultimately ends up fielding a ball in shallow field, directly behind where a shortstop plays. What range!
This was the first hit Brandon McCarthy allowed, and it came in the fifth inning. Both announcing crews—the Nationals' on TV, the Diamondbacks' on radio—said flatly that Hill wouldn't have thrown out Desmond even if he had fielded it. Maybe.
Desmond had taken seven steps when the ball hit Hill's glove, and it takes about 16 for most guys to get to first, so figure Hill had around two seconds, or slightly more, to get it to first. It took him about two and a half to get rid of the ball and get it to first in this similarly wonderful play from last year.
5. Denard Span, Sixth Inning
Infield is in, but the play is otherwise routine, at least as far as we can see from this late-cut camerawork. So routine that shortstop Chris Owings turns away from the play even before it's over. I think the runner at third should have been allowed to score because the Diamondbacks catcher is clearly blocking the plate, but I guess the new rules are confusing to everybody. Hill gets 1/20th of a play added to his ledger. So far we've got three routine plays, a pretty good play Hill makes, and a very tough one he doesn't. How is this the defensive game of the month, you wonder.
6. Anthony Rendon, Sixth Inning
This play's so unexpected that the cameraman cuts to the run scoring at home, which means we've got a really good insight into what Nate McLouth thought of this play. This is the third ball Rendon has punched to Hill (“to” Hill) in this game, and the first two were right at Hill, who barely had to move. This one was not.
A thing I learned recently, thanks to Mark Simon at ESPN: Baseball Info Solutions this year, at ESPN's request, is tracking assists from “knees, stomach, or any other part of the body.” There is a leaderboard for these throws. This could, I assume, count as a throw from the knees, though if you watch it over and over you realize: He actually throws it from the air, having propelled himself entirely off the ground, like a fish crossing the street. (I have stills that can prove it.)
Here's Schulte's radio call: “Groundball to second again but it — …. — Diving stop Hill! Throws! Got him at first! What a play! Hill saved a run there with a diving play going to his left, got up and threw quickly to Goldie. What a play defensively by Aaron Hill, who's made a couple today.”
And the Nationals' TV guys:
Bob Carpenter: Right side it… is fielded by Hill.
F.P. Santangelo: What a play, are you kidding me.
Hill gets credit for one Unlikely play, or about three-quarters of a play more than the average defender would record there.
7. Danny Espinosa, Seventh Inning
Routine. Two things: 1. You have to give Matt Williams credit. These guys do run out routine groundballs. 2. The GIF is more fun when you imagine the first-base umpire is frozen by indecision.
Hill gets 1/20th of an out on his ledger.
8. Kevin Frandsen, Eighth Inning
I'm obsessed with this play, which Inside Edge classified as remote—a one to 10 percent chance that the defender makes it. A friend noted that it almost looks like a Keystone Kops sort of play: You've got the pitcher running toward the play and then having to stop, suddenly and a bit uncomfortably, as though he'd been hypnotized and wasn't allowed to cross some imaginary line. You've got a first baseman who runs away from a slow grounder hit almost directly to him. You've got a baserunner swimming through dirt trying to get to the base instead of running right through it. And you've got Hill, who makes one of the least throw-like “throws” of the year, a sort of push/shovel/nudge/scoop/shove toward the first baseman. Of course, all of these look vaguely blooperesque in isolation but, aside from Frandsen's momentum-killing slide, were necessary to a fairly complex highlight. Goldschmidt had to flee the ball; nobody else would get to the base in time, or at an angle at which he could deliver a throw. McCarthy had to stop, as it became clear in just the nick of time that he was going to impede Hill's plans. Hill's non-throw throw, the shovel/shove, took incredible balance and focus. And Frandsen made it all possible by slowing himself down by a step or two.
Schulte: A groundball toward first. —…—And Hill—…— To Goldie. And they got him at first base. Hill just kind of rolled that ball over.
Candiotti: Boy how about Aaron Hill, what a play. Goldie stayed right at the bag. Hill comes in and just kind of swats the ball like you're playing a flip game.
That's 95 percent of a play that Hill gets that an ordinary defender wouldn't.
9. Danny Espinosa, Ninth Inning
Almost the same play that he made on Desmond earlier, but he fields it a little shallower and has a little more time to throw, so he can get up to his feet. The premise of this article and this series is that great defensive games go overlooked, but by this point both teams' broadcasters are noting that Hill is doing something special.
Schulte: Boy another dandy play by Aaron Hill who took a run away.
Candiotti: That's right Aaron saved another run right there. He has been spectacular in the field today.
Carpenter: Right side, well placed, Aaron Hill AGAIN. Arrest that man.
Santangelo: Aaron Hill today, he's playing right out of his uniform.
That play was classified Unlikely, so give Hill another 3/4 of a play over average.
10. Nate McLouth, Ninth Inning
Sadly, one inch away from really making it a day. Hill took a long time dusting his uniform off after this one.
So knock a 20th of an out off for that Remote chance. Here's what his day looked like:
Routine Plays: 4-for-4
Even Plays: 1-for-1
Unlikely Plays: 2-for-2
Remote Plays: 1-for-3
Summed, that's slightly more than three plays that Aaron Hill made that an average defender wouldn't have.
When the defensive metrics get together for their monthly poker night, Hill is a controversial topic; they actually had to instate a house rule that nobody is allowed to bring up Aaron Hill, because somebody always stormed off angrily and somebody always got his feelings hurt. In 2012, FRAA rated Hill a +23 defender—the 12th-best defensive season ever by a second baseman. That made Hill an MVP candidate, by WARP. Meanwhile, UZR thought he was just a couple runs better than average, and Defensive Runs Saved rated him significantly below average. A large difference is showing up again this year, particularly between FRAA and DRS, and over the past three years the two systems disagree about Hill's defense by about 43 runs. Forty-three runs is roughly the difference between Derek Jeter and Elvis Andrus, so it's a lot. One game won't solve this disagreement, but here's what Inside Edge's metrics have said about Hill in those three years:
Of 19 qualified second baseman,
No player has made more Remote plays than Hill. He also has the most Remote chances, but only three players have converted a higher percentage.
No player has made more Unlikely plays than Hill, and no player has converted a higher percentage.
He's right around the median for Even—40 to 60 percent—plays
No player has made fewer Likely (60 to 90 percent) plays than Hill.
And no player has made a higher percentage of Certain/Almost Certain plays than Hill.
So these aren't necessarily gospel, but if we take them as trustworthy we'd say that Hill makes the extremely difficult play as well or better than any second baseman in the game. And he makes the routine play as well or better than any second baseman in the game. And he makes the not-quite-routine play worse than or as badly as any second baseman in the game. That's certainly interesting.
I am a whole person. It's been coming up repeatedly for me in the last few weeks and I'm not yet sure why. In Meeting. In the planning session for this year's ecumenical Pride service. As part of a swelling of good-feeling connection with the Spirit.
I am a whole person, not a person who has a gay/trans fragment in me. I am not satisfied with everything about my body, but I'm no longer unhealthily divided from it.
I am a whole person, not a person who has a religious/spiritual fragment in me. When I found Friends I found that I could not divide my spirituality from some secular section of my life.
I am a whole person, not a person who has a self-righteous/judgmental fragment in me. I cannot divide my flaws from myself, cutting them off and leaving them behind.
I've long experienced being trans as a gift from God. Not a gift that makes my life easier, but one that helps me be a better version of myself. It tempers my judgment and my self-righteousness with the experience of being judged by those who are convinced they are right and I am wrong.
I experience my Meeting as a gift from God. They inspire me and encourage me to be my best self.
I will learn, I think, to experience my flaws as a gift from God. I want to use them to practice compassion and patience and understanding, to master them instead of letting them master me.
LONDON — In his new book, author Shadi Hamid asks the fundamental question: Why exactly does the Middle East suffer from a lack of legitimate political order? The answer, he says, doesn't lie in Israel's backyard.
Born into a Muslim family in Pennsylvania, Hamid is a senior fellow in the Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C. and recently authored a new book, “Islamic Exceptionalism: How the Struggle Over Islam is Reshaping the World.”
“Yes, bringing about a two-state solution would help,” says Hamid. “It's something that the international community should strive to do. But we shouldn't be under any illusions that it would unlock the puzzle of [failed states] across the Middle East right now.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
In conversation with The Times of Israel, the expert explains that he believes that even if the Israeli-Palestinian conflict were somehow miraculously resolved tomorrow with a two-state solution, the Middle East would still be “a bloody dangerous place.”
‘The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is not the key to making peace in the Middle East'
“It feels like Israel-Palestine has almost become an afterthought for how we talk about the Middle East nowadays,” says Hamid. “It isn't the central conflict in the region. Many of us thought it was, particularly in the pre-Arab Spring period.”
“The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is not the key to resolving the ongoing problems, or making peace, in the Middle East,” he concludes.
Hamid's book, released in early June by St. Martin's Press, hopes to offer a framework for thinking about Islam and Islamism, especially in how they interact with politics, law, public institutions, civil society, and, most importantly, the nation state.
“What this book aims to do is understand the rise of ISIS, and also the collapse of the Arab Spring in a broader context,” says Hamid. “ISIS taught us that you don't need millions of people to change the politics of the Middle East. It took over Iraq's second largest city with only 1,000 fighters.”
The Islamic state may eventually be defeated, says Hamid, “But their legacy will be long-lasting. ISIS has set the gold standard for extremist groups. They don't just blow things up, they also capture territory, and then impose their own governing model.”
“That is where ISIS drastically differs from al-Qaeda,” he adds.
Too often, when we talk about this topic in the public domain, the Brookings scholar maintains, the conversation begins with the Iraq War, and then moves on to the collapse of the Arab Spring.
“There is a need to distinguish between the different types of Islamism,” Hamid warns. “ISIS is one aspect of this. But there is also the Muslim Brotherhood, which is mainstream Islamism.”
Across the Middle East, one of the main problems that Arab countries face, in Hamid's view, is that they all suffer from a long history and culture of weak, failing, and failed states.
“Modern Arab states are weak in that they are not seen as truly legitimate by their own citizens,” he explains.
‘Modern Arab states are weak in that they are not seen as truly legitimate by their own citizens'
The United States has been especially complicit in the illegitimacy of modern Arab States, Hamid argues. Primarily in how they have supported, funded, and backed, autocratic regimes in the region for the last six decades.
“The United States doesn't seem to be able to untangle itself from this dependence and obsession with autocratic allies in the Arab world,” he says.
He posits that the US political position during the Arab Spring is a prime example.
“In his May 2011 speech, Obama seemed to be suggesting that he was siding with those who were demanding greater freedom,” says Hamid, “but this rhetoric didn't translate into policy. And very quickly, the United States began reverting back to the old way of doing business [in the region].”
The Obama Administration has taken on what Hamid calls a “let them eat cake attitude” when thinking about foreign policy for Arab countries across the Middle East.
“Essentially, this policy says the Middle East has to figure out its own problems, and if they are going to fight each other, we are not going to get involved,” says Hamid.
Publicly, when speaking about the future of the Middle East, Western governments might be fond of continually using the word democracy in their grand rhetoric and in diplomatic circles. However, democracy in theory and democracy in practice are two different things, he warns. In an Arab and Middle Eastern context, Hamid refers to this as the Islamist dilemma.
“This remains a real tension in US [foreign] policy,” he says.
It's hardly surprising though — Islamist parties are extremely anti-American in outlook and they oppose American hegemony across the Middle East.
“Islamists don't share American interests when it comes to Israel's security and a two-state solution,” says Hamid.
Western governments may not be comfortable with the idea, says Hamid, “but a prominent role for religion in public and civic life may be unavoidable in many Arab countries in the foreseeable future.”
One of the core arguments Hamid's book presents is the idea that Islam is very different from other world religions. This difference, the political scientist argues, has profound implications for the future of the Middle East.
“Islam may be uniquely resistant to secularization,” says Hamid. “And it will be more difficult to ‘privatize' as a religion too.”
The idea that Islam will almost certainly follow the same trajectory that Christianity took many centuries ago — where separation of church and state became standard practice — seems a little patronizing and naïve, Hamid believes.
“Christianity has its own intrinsic characteristics and values, which don't necessarily transfer into other faith traditions,” he says.
Presently, the most significant issue that's causing a series of violent conflicts across Arab and Muslim countries concerns the battle for power within state structures. Moreover, the role religion actually plays within the state apparatus is an ongoing dispute that has yet to be resolved in many Arab countries.
To understand the various complexities of the current crisis within Islamism and Islam, Hamid says it's worth studying how currents of history, theology, and religion intersect here.
Western observers, says Hamid, don't tend to fully grasp the caliphate as an idea that has historical and cultural resonance. Moreover, it's important to distinguish between the ISIS version of the caliphate, and the caliphate in a historic sense, he says.
Following the collapse of the Ottoman Empire after World War I, the last caliphate was formally abolished in 1924. Pan-Arab identity entered into a serious crisis across the Middle East when, in the 1916 Sykes-Picot Agreement, the British and French imperial powers secretly divided up the countries in the region between them.
Arguably, 100 years later the Arab world still hasn't recovered from this political and cultural catastrophe.
One of the defining features of the last caliphate was the idea that the spiritual unity of the Muslim community requires political expression. Since the caliphate's dissolution, the struggle to establish a legitimate political order across the Middle East has raged on.
Today, this struggle comes in many forms. But Islamism — that is, the attempt to implement Islamic values in all spheres of public and private life — is the dominant theme. The crisis predominately concerns Sunni Muslims.
There is the mainstream Islamism of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, or the AKP party in Turkey. There are also hateful, sectarian, death-cult versions of more extreme Salafist Islamism such as ISIS across Iraq and Syria.
Mainstream Islamism has attempted to make peace with the state, hoping to reform and redirect it. Islamism of the extremist variety, however, has attempted to completely destroy the old state and bring about a utopian pan-Islamic caliphal fantasy.
At the center of all of these political ideals in the Arab world — regardless of whether they are of an extremist or more moderate form — is the controversial issue of religion and its role in politics, particularly how religion infiltrates the state apparatus and the public sphere.
The basic project of mainstream Islamism, says Hamid, is to reconcile pre-modern Islamic law with the modern nation-state. However, Islamic law wasn't designed for the modern nation-state, says Hamid.
‘When you try to fit something which arose in a pre-modern context into this constraining nation-state model, it can be very messy and bloody too'
“The Koran was revealed in a pre-modern context in the seventh century. So when you try to fit something which arose in a pre-modern context into this constraining nation-state model, it can be very messy and bloody too,” he says.
Western policymakers often assume, says Hamid, that all Islamists have a problem with the nation-state. But actually, it's quite often the opposite.
“Islamists are obsessed with the nation-state, especially elections, political parties, and trying to capture the levers of state power,” says Hamid.
And, crucially, he argues, fundamental questions over the role of Islam and Islamic law cannot be forever placed gently to the side.
In other words, Arab countries will not secularize in the short to medium term. And, Islam — and Islamism — will influence how democracy in the region develops. The West might not like this, but they need to face up the reality of the situation, Hamid warns.
“This is what makes the Middle East different from what we are used to in the West,” Hamid emphasizes with conviction.
“In Western political discourse, we are used to debates about tangible things that you can measure, like tax policy, economic divides, or universal health care. But the divides in the politics of the Middle East are almost metaphysical,” says Hamid. “They have to do with foundational issues over the meaning of the nation-state. And, of course, the role of religion in public life.”
{snip}
Police say 28 people were shot, 9 of them killed over this weekend, adding to the record-breaking violence.
The shooting didn't stop on Monday night after a 9-year-old boy and another man were both injured by gun fire in the 2900 block of Arunah Avenue. Police say the child was shot in the leg and another man suffered a graze wound to the head.
{snip}
Councilmember Mary Pat Clarke links the violence to a city still reeling from weeks of unrest.
“It was an earthquake kind of time and I think we're still dealing with the aftershock,” she says.
The latest victims died early Monday morning. In the Western District a memorial marks the spot where a man and a woman were shot. The man later died, the woman is in critical condition.
North from there, a triple shooting. A man dies after he's shot in the chest. Then cops discover two other males shot in the incident, including a 17 year old, after they walked to a local hospital.
{snip}
WJZ media partner The Baltimore Sun reports 35 people have been killed so far in May making it the deadliest month in Baltimore since December of 1999. Some say the 3-day surge of violence may be a sign of a police department stretched too thin.
{snip}
Since the beginning of the year, 108 people have died due to violence in the city.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
iDealChina
The bezel around touch-screen displays might become a bit more useful in the future, if Apple has its way.
The company on Tuesday was awarded a patent on a bezel technology that could extend the viewable area of the screen. The patent, which was filed in September 2012, specifically describes a method by which the bezel around the display will remain opaque when users are touching around the screen. As they get close to the bezel, however, it turns transparent to reveal more screen real estate. Apple specifically calls it a "window." AppleInsider was first to discover the patent.
Apple's technology essentially aims at making screen bezels, which have heretofore been useless for viewing more of the screen, into interactive display elements. The result is the possibility of users seeing a bit more of a display by peeking inside the "window" created by an interactive bezel.
It's not clear what Apple has in mind for the bezel technology, and like every other patent that the company files, it's completely possible that Apple won't ever launch the feature. However, the company's diagrams showing the technology in action seem to indicate that it would work best on a tablet or smartphone.
A Florida man masturbated during a flight from Spokane to Denver last week, a criminal charge alleges.
Two 18-year-old passengers told an FBI agent that they saw Kyle Devin Pearce, 25, masturbating while on board United Airlines Flight 340 on May 19.
One witness said he was sitting behind Pearce when he saw what he was doing and "hit him with my book in the arm, which caused him to stop and leave to the bathroom. After a while he returned," according to an affidavit. Both witnesses said Pearce's penis was visible.
Pearce was to connect to an Orlando-bound flight but was instead arrested at the airport and appeared before a federal judge in Denver. He posted $25,000 bond Tuesday.
Pearce is charged with crimes aboard aircraft, which carries a maximum 90 days in jail, $5,000 fine and one year probation.
Not only is filming on Christopher Nolan's upcoming blockbuster Interstellar complete, but it finished early, says Matthew McConaughey.
Yesterday, Variety published a great interview with Matthew McConaughey that takes a look at the actor's terrific turnaround of a career that has been dubbed “the McConaissance” by the internet. While the whole interview is great and a worthwhile read, McConaughey brought to light some interesting info about Interstellar.
“Here's what I can tell you. It's the most ambitious thing he's ever done. And he's done some ambitious stuff,” McConaughey told Variety about director Christopher Nolan. “There's no fucking around on set. He's a great problem solver. In that way, he's very indie. Here's a guy who could have whatever budget he wants — and we finished shooting early.”
It's a very good sign to hear that filming on Interstellar finished early. Not only does this mean that filming went by without too many hiccups, but it also means that they were happy enough with the footage they got and they were able to tell everyone to pack up and go home before they had to. We never heard that Nolan broke an IMAX camera this time, and that probably saves on time.
Related: Christopher Nolan puts IMAX camera in jet nose
McConaughey also revealed that the way he was cast for Interstellar was out of the ordinary.
“He came up to me and said, ‘Mud. I love that movie.' I sat down with him for about 2½ hours at his house. Not one word came up about Interstellar. I walked out not sure what to think. I mean, he's not a guy who takes general meetings.”
Article Continues Below
Well, Nolan certainly came out of the meeting with enough of an impression to cast McConaughey in the role.
Apart from the Interstellar teaser trailer that was released last year, we haven't seen much official promotion for the film. It's not set to be released until November, so that shouldn't be too big of a surprise.
In addition to McConaughey, Jessica Chastain, Anne Hathaway, Michael Caine, Casey Affleck, Ellen Burstyn, Wes Bentley, Mackenzie Foy, Bill Irwin, Topher Grace, David Oyelowo and John Lithgow all star in the film. Even Matt Damon will have a small role in the film.
‘Interstellar' hits theaters on November 7
Occupy Wall Street has bred a number of offshoots that are specifically focused on providing mutual aid to members of the 99% who are in crisis.
I've been involved with Occupy Our Homes for over a year – it's a housing justice campaign aimed to keep people in their homes and stopping bank theft of houses. More recently, Occupy Sandy has provided crucial aid to affected areas following Hurricane Sandy. And now, Strike Debt has launched a Rolling Jubilee, a campaign meant to leverage the cheapness of debt to reduce it for others:
We buy debt for pennies on the dollar, but instead of collecting it, we abolish it. We cannot buy specific individuals' debt – instead, we help liberate debtors at random through a campaign of mutual support, good will, and collective refusal.
Here's a quick video explaining Occupy Wall Street's new project — it's a neat idea:
Projects like this are critical for three reasons:
Occupy off-shoots like Occupy Our Homes, Occupy Sandy, & Strike Debt's Rolling Jubilee are providing services which government at all levels has failed to provide. Mutual aid is filling the gap that policymakers and politicians have tragically left open, resulting in massive human suffering. By providing mutual aid in moments of crisis, these Occupy offshoots have the opportunity to turn people they have aided into activists and leaders for these causes. We've seen it time and again with Occupy Our Homes, where people who have been helped become gung-ho community organizers afterwards. Additionally, by providing mutual aid, these groups succeed in radicalizing the people they help, educating them on the root causes of these crises and the sorts of solutions which are needed to address the problems. These are not things which are part of normal American political discourse, so this step is significant.
All of this work is slow. It's oriented on helping people one individual or one family at a time. But it has tremendous power and potential, not in the least because each of these efforts provide frameworks of a vision for a better America. One where banks can't steal homes, where debt doesn't destroy peoples' lives, and where natural disasters aren't exacerbated by human failures. In short, these are the sort of projects which have the potential to create a real, sustained new movement that can create massive change in America.
More than any electoral outcome, these developments make me hopeful for the future of our country.
Nearly half of the edible fresh potatoes bought by UK householders each day are thrown away - 5.8 million of them per day, and at a “staggering” annual cost of £230m, figures show.
The humble spud is the second most wasted food in the UK, behind bread, according to campaign material released on Wednesday. The research was offered in support of a government campaign to encourage consumers to reduce their domestic food waste.
Half of us chuck potatoes in the bin because we don't get round to them using in time, yet once wrinkly skins, green patches and “sprouts” are removed they are still edible, said Love Food Hate Waste, which is run by the government's waste advisory body Wrap.
The UK churns out 10m tonnes of food waste a year – of which 7.3m tonnes come from households. The estimated retail value of this is £13bn, and Wrap calculates that a typical family wastes £700 of food a year.
Its new Save Our Spuds campaign aims to raise awareness of the vast scale of potato waste and its impact on the environment and our pockets, as well as offering top storage tips, potato rescue remedies and recipe suggestions to use up potatoes before they go bad and are inedible. Correct storage can keep potatoes fresher for longer, it said, giving more time to come up with meal ideas to use them.
Householders are advised to store their potatoes in a dark, cool, well-ventilated place to reduce sprouting - and ideally away from strong-smelling foods such as onions and garlic. They should stay in their original packaging, or be transferred to a cloth or natural fibre bag. If potatoes develop green patches, they are fine to eat when those bits have been cut off - and the same applies to those that have sprouted. If you have a surplus of spuds that you cannot use, you can par-boil and freeze them.
As part its £10m “waste less, save more” scheme to help households save money by cutting food waste, Sainsbury's, the UK's second largest supermarket last year launched new opaque packaging to prevent potatoes from turning green and developing a bitter taste.
Jane Skelton, Sainsbury's head of packaging, said: “Last year we introduced new opaque packaging which is breathable, but prevents any light from reaching the potatoes, the most common culprit for ‘greening'.”
• This article was amended on 10 November 2017. A figure supplied by Wrap was incorrect: the UK throws away 5.8m potatoes a day, not 2.7m as an earlier version said. The UK food waste figure of 15m tonnes a year, 7m of which comes from households, came from an earlier Wrap report. The most recent figures from Wrap are 10m tonnes a year, 7.3m of which comes from households. The estimated retail value of that UK household food waste has also been corrected, from £7.5bn to £13bn.
: In a couple of weeks the 2nd edition of Fantasy Flight's Game of Thrones: The Card Game , with its direwolves, chunky coins and endless pictures of sultry nobles, will be released. A lot of people are very excited, and with good reason- the 1st edition amassed a cult following, and the 2nd edition looks incredibly sharp.
You won't be getting our review just yet. As a Living Card Game, this box encourages players to collect monthly expansions and build their own decks, and we want to have conviction when we suggest you get involved (or not). But I can offer some early impressions and comparisons to the LCGs that this site has gone on the record as recommending, namely the bizarre Doomtown and the sublime Netrunner (on the subject, Paul will have a review of Plaid Hat's new card game Ashes in the next few weeks).
So let's begin. How do you win the Game of Thrones?
I'm thrilled to say that it's by being an appropriately sneaky f***.
Caveat: I've not played the 1st edition, so while I'll touch on what they've added, I won't be talking about the many improvements they've made. For that you want to go here, click “read more” and scroll down to “What are the differences?”
The immediate simplification I want to make is that Game of Thrones: The Card Game is like Magic: The Gathering except you're fighting your opponent on three fronts. The characters that you play from your hand have a “strength” value, but also big coloured buttons above it showing whether they can be used in fights for Military, Intrigue or Power. As you'd expect, Ned Stark contributes a vast reserve of strength to your military and power struggles, but he's about as much use in clandestine spywork as a high-visibility jacket.
If you hadn't guessed that, because you've somehow trundled through the 21st century neither having watched or read Game of Thrones nor absorbed the spoilers through osmosis, you're going to miss out on an awful lot of the fun here.
The colourful themes of card games aren't just set dressing. They're vital for drawing players into the game, and as new cards come out they're responsible for brand-new interactions that are dramatic, thought-provoking or laugh out loud funny. In my first game of 2nd edition my Lannister opponent played a “The Things I Do For Love” card, except in our alternate history he pushed a puppy out of a window.
If you don't get why that's funny, I've made my point. The problem here is that you're being entertained not by grand themes a la Netrunner, but by the actions of characters you know and love. While you can glom a character's personality from their gorgeous artwork and the occasional scrap of flavour text, you're nonetheless going to be missing out, and your friends are going to spend a lot of time saying “You know nothing” in a Northern accent.
But you'll still be able to enjoy a very strong game indeed. The fundamental puzzle of how best to use your characters; when to attack, HOW to attack, and even when to bother defending, is utterly absorbing. Failing to defend a military attack means killing one of your characters. Failing an intrigue attack means you throw away cards from your hand (which can be crippling under – say – the Lannisters intriguing the crap out of you every single turn). Power attacks simply see you getting mugged for your power tokens. Does that sound bad? It should, because it's the first player to 15 power tokens that wins the game.
But we're just getting started. Each player also builds a tiny deck of seven Plot cards, and every turn starts with players simultaneously picking one. The card you pick will have a spread of numbers determining how much gold you get, how likely you are to go first (or last, if you like), how many cards you have to discard down to at the end of the turn, and a special power.
What's lovely about these plot cards is that you only pick them back up once you've played all seven. So whatever strategy you had in mind when you built your deck is something you're going to have to work with through thick and thin. Again, it's very Game of Thrones. Want to build a Stark deck that's all recruitment, wolves, swords and soldiers? Nothing could be simpler, or more satisfying. You're playing card after card, and slaughtering all before you!
…But if your opponent's packing Wildfire Assault in their plot deck, they'll have the luxury of not just being able to make a fool of you by decimating your army, but wondering when best to do it. Probably around turn four, when all your high-income plot cards are spent.
And they might be making a fool of you in front of an audience, because Game of Thrones is great 2 players, but also perfectly strong with 3 or 4 players. It works in exactly the same way, with the addition of a brief draft phase where players take turns picking from a dwindling selection of “Title” cards. Each offers a different bonus, but also randomly pairs you up with one player who you “Support” and can't attack, or is your “Rivals” and you get bonuses for attacking.
Best of all, the Crown Regent lets you redirect attacks. It's the most satisfying play I've made in ages- watching an opponent marshal all of their Intrigue at you, and then quietly palming them off to fight the guy next to you instead.
Speaking of satisfaction, I've never encountered an LCG that immediately offers so many exciting play styles from its factions. It's not that they're particularly distinct, rather that they all manipulate the central game in such a fun, thematic way, and the box boasts 8 (eight!) of them (two more than the first edition).
The sinister Greyjoys receive fantastic bonuses if their attacks are unopposed, but your opponent knows it. Hilariously for a house that's mostly known in the TV series as “the one that everyone forgets about”, House Martell decks receive benefits for losing challenges and can use the amount of cards in their plot discard pile as a multiplier. Don't you forget about 'em! They're just waiting to strike.
Then there are the two new factions, House Tyrell* and the Night's Watch. If I'm being generous, Tyrell's theme appears to be sprouting and growing like a horrible rose bush, with Intrigue challenges that deploy still more characters to the board, and family members who all increase one another's strength. Like the book, they're not a threat until suddenly they're everywhere and utterly immovable.
And I'm happy to say that The Night's Watch play nothing like any of the other ruling houses, exactly as it should be. Rather, they're interested in protecting The Wall- a card in their deck that gives EVERYBODY +1 strength AND 2 power every single turn, but only if they oppose every attack directed at them. On top of this, they're all about sacrifice. Cards that prevent death, or make the most of it.
Also, you can mug your friends. See “A Meager Contribution”, down there on the left:
I guess I've focused an awful lot on flavour and tiny details in this article, but what you can take away from that is that the core game, the play and counterplay of cards, is hugely strong. I didn't feel any need to explain it further, or wonder at its longevity- an hour with Thrones is enough to teach you why people play it, and one thing it has over Netrunner and Doomtown is a base game that's simple enough that it immediately catches your imagination. You want to start deckbuilding straight away. Your genius deck idea is so obvious!
…Though your imagination will immediately be reigned in by the number of cards in the box. In Netrunner you can get away with owning a single starter set for a long time. Here, it's instantly clear that you'll want two boxes of the core set to see what the game can do, and a full three for competitive play so you can fill your deck with the best cards while still adhering to the “maximum of 3 copies of a single card” rule of deck building. Then again, it has a better manual than Netrunner, and it's cheaper to get into right now, and if you and a friend each buy a core set you could split the factions and both walk away with four semi-complete ones… !
But these difficult consumer purchases can wait. Don't worry, friends. Winter is coming. For now, just know that if you want to drop £30 on buying the core set come September, you'll have plenty of fun with it.
*The best house, with House Baratheon coming a close second. You know it's true.
In the early days of the motorcar, architects were already looking to what would replace it as the popular transport of the upper classes, and obviously, private helicopters were to be the transport of choice.
For there to be skies full of helicopters, there need to be places to land, and preferably high up so the noise didn't disturb the people below. Very high up. On stilts.
Designed by James Dartford for Pilkington's Glass Age Development Committee it was part of a programme to show off how “the future” would look, specifically in the year 2000, but built using technologies available in the 1950s.
The intention was to build the new office block combo heliport near Waterloo Station, at St. George's Circus. Helicopters would use the platform atop the three tall, glass-enclosed elevator shafts through which passengers and crew members would be carried from street level. Other features would be a sky-top restaurant with a far-reaching view of the city. The building below would house offices, hotels and garages.
In total the building would have been around 500 feet tall.
The three clover-leaf platforms would have been 120 feet in diameter, which was expected to provide enough space for 24 landings per hour, assuming 7 minutes of time per helicopter.
The reports of the time suggested that there would be several similar buildings around London offering inter-city transport for high flying businessmen.
Of course, the flying car never arrived, so without a need for a collection of heliports in London, neither did Skyport One, nor Two or Three, etc.
Sources:
Architectural Review, November 1957
Architecture and Design For the Family in Britain, 1900-1970
The Journal of Civil Aviation Administration, Volume 11
St. Petersburg Times, May 26, 1957
Aviation Department, Shell Oil Company, 1957
Real World article
(written from a Production point of view)
Jeffrey Lieber Date of Birth 1969 Origin Evanston, IL, USA Job(s) Creator
Writer IMDb profile
Jeffrey Lieber is credited as one of the creators of Lost. He is also credited as the co-writer (story) of "Pilot, Part 1" and "Pilot, Part 2".
Background
Lieber is also credited on the movies Tuck Everlasting and Tangled, as well as having been the writer/executive producer for the unaired 2003/2004 pilot Hitched for FOX television. He has been blogging for DailyKos, a left-wing oriented blog discussing U.S. politics for over four years.
In 2003, ABC chairman Lloyd Braun pitched a concept which he described as Cast Away - The Series. Ted Gold, then employed at Spelling Productions, turned to Lieber and asked him to turn that pitch into a working concept. According to Lieber, Braun's series concept was pitched to him as a "hyperrealistic portrayal of life on a deserted island", and he came up with a setting similar to Lord of the Flies. In September 2003, Lieber pitched his premise, then named Nowhere, to ABC, and was then asked to write a pilot. Even though he was originally only asked for a few minor rewrites before it would be considered ready to start shooting, Lieber eventually ended up heavily rewriting his script. Ultimately, Lloyd Braun, still not satisfied with Lieber's script, fired him. Lieber recalled that he had never been specifically told what exactly the problem was.[1]
Soon afterwards, J.J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof were hired to overhaul the concept, which eventually ended up as Lost. Upon learning about this, Lieber felt that he deserved a credit for his work and complained to the Writers Guild of America, whereupon ABC and Touchstone argued that Lieber's initial concept had nothing to do with the show that was now being developed.[2] Lieber managed to get his hands on a shooting script for the pilot and drew parallels between characters in the shooting script and those from his own script. The WGA eventually ruled in Lieber's favor (the arbitration panel split 2-1), granting him a 60% creatorship credit, with the remaining 40% being split between Abrams and Lindelof.[3]
This was more than Lieber had hoped for, and he now feels outright embarrassed for being credited for something he himself admits he didn't really have anything to do with. Upon watching the pilot, Lieber was shocked about how the "hyperrealistic" concept that had originally been pitched to him had turned into "Jurassic Park", referring to the Monster and the polar bear. Lieber suggests that he would have been "laughed out of the room" had he pitched his concept the way the show eventually ended up. In 2005, Lieber even received an Emmy nomination for his (credited) participation in the writing of the pilot.[4]
Some former members of ABC's development team feel that Lieber's credit is undeserved, arguing that the alleged similarities between characters would have been the same under any writer. To this day, Lieber receives annual royalties in the "low six figures" for his credited contribution to the show's creation.[5] In September of 2009, Lieber's original Nowhere pilot script surfaced on the internet.[6]
Lieber has not had any further input into the direction of Lost.
Chicago Magazine - August 2007 - "Cast Away" - article on Lieber
Jeff Lieber's DailyKos Diary posts - DailyKos is a blog about U.S. politics where Jeff has been posting since February 2004.
Consultation on New Small Business Rates Relief Scheme for Wales
Consultation on New Small Business Rates Relief Scheme for Wales
This article has been submitted by Business Wales
The Welsh Government wants your views on the policy proposals for delivering a permanent small business rates relief (SBRR) scheme for Wales.
From 1 April 2018 the Welsh Government are introducing a new SBRR scheme in Wales. This permanent scheme aims to more effectively target support for small businesses.
The consultation proposals include:
Limiting relief for businesses qualifying for SBRR across multiple properties
Reviewing current and future exceptions from SBRR
Increasing support for eligible small businesses
Providing additional relief for certain sectors which support wider government objectives, for example the childcare sector
Longer term considerations for the scheme
Please submit your comments by 13 October 2017.
For further information please visit the Welsh Government website
There are still senior people in jobs at the Director of National Intelligence office, the office of the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency… that ought to be fired, Larry Johnson, retired CIA and State Department official, told RT.
President Donald Trump claims his White House predecessor, Barack Obama, wire-tapped his offices in New York prior to the election last November.
Trump posted a series of tweets, decrying the alleged surveillance as "McCarthyism."
Barack Obama's spokesman responded to Trump's accusations, saying that “neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any US citizen."
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 4 марта 2017 г.
RT: What do you make of the accusations made by Donald Trump? How big of a deal is this?
Larry Johnson: I think it's a huge deal. The problem is Trump probably should not have done this via Twitter because to call it a “wiretap” is technically inaccurate. And the denials by the Obama people - like Bill Clinton asking what the meaning of “is” is with respect to “was oral sex a sexual act.”
In this case I understand from very good friends that what happened was both Jim Clapper and John Brennan at CIA were intimately involved in trying to derail the candidacy of Donald Trump. That there was some collusion overseas with Britain's own GHCQ [Government Communications Headquarters]. That information that was gathered from GHCQ was actually passed to John Brennan and it was disseminated within the US government. This dissemination was illegal.
Donald Trump is in essence correct that the intelligence agencies, and some in the law enforcement community on the side of the FBI, were in fact illegally trying to access, monitor his communications with his aides and with other people. All of this with an end to try and destroy and discredit his presidency. I don't think there can be any doubt of that. I think it's worth noting that the head of the National Security Agency, an Admiral [Michael] Rogers, made a journey to the Trump Tower shortly after Trump had won. And in the immediate aftermath of his visit, Jim Clapper and others in the intelligence community called for him to be fired. Why did Rodgers go to Trump Tower? My understanding is that it was to cover himself, because he was aware that the NSA authorities had been misused and abused with respect to Donald Trump.
MORE: Trump blames Obama admin for setting up 'first meeting' between Sessions and Russian Amb https://t.co/AtlTIq2spApic.twitter.com/2KTc3PGr99 — RT (@RT_com) 4 марта 2017 г.
So I think Trump's decision to go out this morning and tweet this was fully intended to send a notice, to send word. I don't think he's doing this without evidence, he does have evidence. I think it was just inartfully expressed in the tweet.
RT: We've not seen a lot of evidence in whole that Trump-Russia debacle. Will we see some evidence in this case?
LJ: There's no evidence on the side of Russia meddling in the US election. I saw that [RT] had Brent Budowsky on earlier, and I simply wished you folks would ask him a very basic question. Ask him – “What specifically did Russia do that influenced the US election?” The answer is – nothing. Russia did not set up front companies; Russia did not provide money to the Trump campaign so that they could buy advertising; Russia was not providing advisers direct or indirect as cutouts to advise Trump on how to defeat Hillary Clinton - the classic things that we would see. Does Russia run intelligence operations against the United States? Yes. And does the United States do this against Russia? – Yes. But this is entirely, completely different matter. What we're seeing here – some think this is an exaggeration, but I do not – there's a genuine effort to try to take out and defeat Donald Trump even in the aftermath of his election. And there are still senior people in jobs at the Director of National Intelligence office, the office of the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency… that ought to be fired; they ought to be marched right out the door.
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 4 марта 2017 г.
RT: Will Trump be able to produce the evidence? Will he be able to take the upper hand here?
LJ: This is a coordinated, organized effort. The Obama remnants were really shocked that Trump won. They had no clue coming down the road that he was going to win. Once he won they genuinely thought that they could do things and plant information in the press that would put so much pressure on him that he wouldn't be able to take the oath of office.
And those efforts backfired. This was one of the reasons the so-called ‘dossier' on Trump's alleged misbehaviors in Russia was leaked. All of this was part of a coordinated, planned campaign by people that are linked to Barack Obama. Did Barack Obama pick up the telephone and tell Jim Clapper or John Brennan to do XY and Z? No, I don't think that's the case. My understanding, though, is Obama did give the green light when he was briefed on information that had come from British GHCQ to US intelligence officials, that he gave a green light to go and to start distributing and using that in an improper way. This has to be done very methodically, because I think there well could be criminal charges brought against former members of the Obama administration for what they have done. What they're doing would fall under the definition of sedition, which I realize sounds very alarmist. But the reality of what is going on is – these are not isolated events generated by actions that have been taken by Donald Trump and his surrogates. These are actions that are being generated by opponents of Donald Trump trying to force actions out of the Trump team.
'An outstanding development'
It is kind of extraordinary for Trump to level this charge to his 20 million followers on Twitter, says Charles Ortel, investor and writer. It probably means the US leader has good reasons for doing so, he added.
RT: Trump also insinuated he was considering legal action over the case. How likely is that in your opinion, and where could it lead?
Charles Ortel: Look at Donald Trump's long career employing lawyers. I think this is probably even out of his hands. This is an astounding development. I don't think it has ever happened in American history for a sitting President to level this kind of accusation against his predecessor, 45 days into his first term. This is amazing stuff.
RT: A spokesperson for Barack Obama rejects Trump's assertion. Does that put an end to the matter, in your view?
CO: I take issue with it. Actually it is weasel words. The way this would work is that the FBI and the Department of Justice would make the request. Would they do this on the direct order of Obama, on the suggestion of Obama, or on the suggestion of somebody in his administration? They certainly wouldn't do it on their own. So it is absolutely not a clean rejection of what may have happened. It is also kind of extraordinary for Trump to level this charge to his 20 million followers on Twitter. He would not do this without some excellent reasons knowing the consequences of being shown wrong. I don't think that is a strong rejection. I note also that the first (rejection) came from Ben Rhodes, who couldn't even get a security clearance after the November 2008 election for some unexplained reason… I assume there is strong evidence backing up these charges.
VOTE FOR GENO Campaign Headquarters
CONSOL Energy Center
Pittsburgh, PA
Dear voters:
You can be a part of history.
Yes, you.
Now.
With a swift click of your index finger, you can exercise your right as a human (or non-human, we don't discriminate), a citizen and a lover of liberty and vote Evgeni Malkin for the cover of EA Sports NHL 13.
Malkin is going head-to-head with Philadelphia statesman Claude Giroux in the semifinals round of voting for the privilege of representing the entire National Hockey League on the world's No. 1 hockey video game franchise. Voting runs from Thursday, May 24 to Monday, May 28, and fans can vote as many times as possible.
Malkin understands the issues that concern voters.
Geno, as he's affectionately known as, is an advocate for a shorter workweek, a strong economy, more jobs, a balanced budget and freedom.
Geno's work ethic and determination, which has made him the best player in the world, comes from his working class background, which he learned while growing up in the blue-collar city of Magnitogorsk. Malkin has strong family values instilled in him from his loving and ever-present parents Vladimir and Natalia.
Malkin has already proven he's the right man for the job. Why should you vote for Geno? Take a look at his record and platform:
Now think charitably – as Geno would. Can the hockey world afford one more year of someone else on the cover? Isn't it time for a change?
Go to www.nhl.com/covervote or www.pittsburghpenguins.com/vote and be a part of the Geno Revolution. And just like Chicago in the 1960s, you can vote as many times as you want. So stuff those ballot boxes on the Internet.
At a time of uncertainty for the future of video game covers, the hockey world needs a leader with Malkin's credentials. It's time to take back the cover. It's time to vote for Geno.
BUYERS...BROWSING MY COLLECTIONS IS THE BEST WAY TO NAVIGATE THROUGH MY PORTFOLIO AS I HAVE OVER 1500 IMAGES HERE. THE IMAGE AREA IS IN NO ORDER IT IS BASED ON THE UPLOAD DATE ONLY!!!
My artwork has been leased to SHOWTIME specifically on the show "RAY DONAVAN" in SEASON 6 which will feature my artwork Staten Island Ferry as a set dressing. My art and photography can also be found all over the world. I have won many awards and contest as well I can be found in art galleries and many local art events in the Grand Haven Michigan area.
I am an Artist / Photographer who is determined to create the very best art I can. Art to hopefully move and captivate you. Art to put a smile on your face as it has mine. I am very diverse in the subjects I paint as inspiration is never ending. I lived the first 27 years of my life in New Jersey, before moving to Florida in 1997 and now reside in Grand Haven Michigan. I have always been creative but never pursued painting until 2014. Once I start a painting, I find it hard to stop creating my vision. The most intricate paintings take up to 70 hours to finish. My photography came about because of my art and needing a way to photograph it for prints. Now I am hooked and love that as well. I hope you can enjoy my body of work and let it grace your walls someday. Thank you for visiting my site and come back soon to see my new art.
For art licensing, commissions or to buy originals,
Contact me here:
Northernwoodw@msn.com
ALL OF MY ART IS COPYRIGHT PROTECTED, DUPLICATION IS PROHIBITED AND VIOLATORS WILL BE PROSECUTED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW
As part of an ongoing series, we're highlighting the benefits and advantages of various end-to-end encryption tools for messaging, file storage, and secret management.
Secrets
Password Managers
One-Time Secret
GitCrypt
Amazon KMS
Credstash
Is it enough?
Long-lived data isn't the only thing that benefits from end-to-end encryption. Sometimes simple, short strings need the same level of protection. This is exactly the case with secrets. The idea is that you encrypt a piece of data on one computer, and it stays securely protected until it's needed on another.When dealing with secrets, the “point A” is the creator of an account. The “point B” is another entity that needs to use the secret – this could be a coworker with a shared login or a sever with specific access to a protected resource. These secrets should still be encrypted at rest so any unauthorized parties who gain access cannot use them. Accessing and decrypting this data should be easy for authorized parties. Let's review some options for both peer-to-peer secret sharing and secure ways to share secrets with development environments.Two of the flagship personal secrets managers on the market today are LastPass and 1Password . Both applications operate under a similar principal: all of your site and application specific passwords are stored encrypted by a single, master password. This is a huge win for consumer grade security, as users won't have to remember different password for the 90 different accounts they use. It's also a win in an enterprise environment; both applications present simple models for sharing passwords between individuals and environments. You store a secret in the system, then provide access to that secret to the rest of your team. No one holds on to the plain text; they all get an encrypted copy of the secret. You also have the ability to audit secrets at any time. Neither LastPass nor 1Password have access to your secrets at any time. Software encrypts everything on the client side, using credentials under your control. At the very worst, the vendors can leak encrypted copies of your dataAn alternative pattern for sharing secrets across your team is the free One-Time Secret application . Whereas LastPass and 1Password allow for the long-term sharing and coordination of secrets, One-Time Secret allows for the limited (one-time) sharing of any text data. If you need to send a single credential, securely, from point A to B you could do so using One-Time Secret. The hosted server doesn't store any data permanently. The data also automatically deletes itself once it's been accessed. You can also proactively encrypt the data with an independent passphrase. Plus, One-Time Secret is open source , so you can easily host it on your own infrastructure.Not every secret you use is a password; some secrets are privileged credentials for programmatic resource access. These secrets might be the API keys for access hosting resources (AWS) or billing services (Stripe). Accidentally leaking these secrets can have hugely detrimental effects on your business. Unfortunately, password managers are meant to share secrets between individuals. You can't use a traditional password manager to share secrets between computers or handle secrets used in code. Luckily, tools like GitCrypt enable transparent encryption and decryption of secrets in a source repository. GitCrypt is a developer tool that will filter files that contain secrets, automatically encrypting the data before writing it to the repository. Assuming proper permissions, GitCrypt automatically decrypts data as needed. GitCrypt is also open source and available for free.Amazon Key Management Service (KMS) is one of the amazing tools in Amazon's hosted cloud. You can use KMS to encrypt arbitrary data (a secret or otherwise) with a key hosted on Amazon's servers. You can later use the same key (again, through Amazon) to decrypt that data when its needed. Access to keys is controlled using Amazon's own Identity and Access Management (IAM) service, giving you reliable control over who has permission to do what with the protected data. Amazon tracks the use of your keys, creating a solid audit trail for data access and secret management.As useful as Amazon's KMS utility can be, it's still a developer utility. This means it's a solid base for other applications, but not very useful in isolation for managing secrets. Instead, tools like Credstash allow for more user-friendly access to low-level utilities like KMS. Credstash is a command-line tool that allows for the creation of secure secrets, encrypted with KMS-hosted keys, stored in the cloud. Credstash makes it easy for a development team to securely share passwords with one another or with a server environment. The tool encrypts all data before it's stored and only decrypts it when needed.The principle behind end-to-end encryption is straight-forward: data is stored (or sent) encrypted and can only ever be decrypted when it's reached its destination. Messages and emails are only decrypted when received. Files are only decrypted when accessed by an authorized party. Passwords are only decrypted when they need to be used to authenticate. All of the utilities detailed above help ensure data stays safe and secure at all times. Together these pieces add up to a solid approach to protecting your data, even if no one utility is the best solo solution. Next month, we'll go into even further detail on some of the utilities above in a deep dive on secrets management for development.
The USAF Satellite Station Olivia is a location in the Commonwealth in 2287. It is located between Sanctuary Hills and Tenpines Bluff.
Contents show]
Background Edit
USAF Satellite Station Olivia was a USAF operated listening station that intercepted and decoded Chinese communications. It became exceptionally busy in the period before the Great War, with increased signal traffic being intercepted.[1] After the War, a group of raiders led by Ack-Ack moved into the facility to loot it.[2]
Layout Edit
The surface of the installation consists of two wooden shacks, with minimal furniture and loot and the satellite dish. There is also an elevated room containing a footlocker, a table and other random objects. In the mole rat nest just outside the fence to the east, one of the mole rats usually has mines attached to it, capable of dealing substantial damage if it gets close. This mole rat makes ticking time bomb noises (like super mutant suiciders). The mole rats are close enough to the installation that they frequently enter to engage the raiders.
The concrete main building contains an armor workbench and the entrance to the much larger subterranean level of the installation. The installation is home to a group of six raiders led by the minigun-wielding Ack-Ack and contains a significant amount of loot.
Notable loot Edit
Related quests Edit
Learning Curve - This is one of the locations where one needs to escort a scribe of the Brotherhood.
Returning the Favor - This is the location where Mary's stolen locket can be found.
Raider Troubles - Once Returning the Favor has been completed, troublesome raiders might take refuge at this location between two attacks on the Commonwealth settlers.
Appearances Edit
The USAF Satellite Station Olivia only appears in Fallout 4.
Gallery Edit
With retro phone brands Nokia and Blackberry remerging at Mobile World Congress this year you'd be forgiven for thinking Mistress Fortune was up to her old wheel-spinning tricks again.
And as old tech becomes tech news again, it's a sign — say some — that smartphone innovation is on the scrap heap. But a commoditized smartphone market offers fresh opportunities if you look at it from a different perspective: sustainability.
European phone company and social enterprise Fairphone, which — for its second ethically minded handset, first released all the way back in December 2015 — is using modularity to enable repairability, designing a smartphone with longevity in mind.
Take a deep breath gadget nerds: Fairphone wants its customers to keep the smartphone for as long as possible — as many as five years.
And if your business goal is sustainability then all of a sudden a saturating smartphone market, and consumer complaints of boring sameness, starts to smell like an opportunity. A chance to disrupt the treadmill of tech upgrades by giving jaded buyers a more ethical alternative that also happens to save them money because the intention is they keep their device for longer.
Just don't call this a win-win. Fairphone founder Bas van Abel is tired of having to couch sustainability apologetically. “We have to do it!” is his bottom line.
“I'm fed up with people saying ‘sustainability is fine but you shouldn't compromise' — so what is compromise? If your phone is thicker, is that a compromise? If there's a fingerprint on it, is that a compromise? Or is it an added value?”
Instead of impossibly shiny devices, Fairphone is bringing a new story to the industry: Products built to last, by visibly present hands. It's not a new idea but one whose time may finally be arriving in the smartphone space.
After all, what comes after slabs of iterative glass? Perhaps it's phones that are cherished exactly because of the number of scratches they've acquired. Because if you want to have the biggest environmental impact on electronics consumption — well, short of convincing people not to own a phone at all — then getting them to keep a device for longer is key.
Brand value and storytelling is how you differentiate in a space where hardware and software is commoditizing, reckons van Abel. “You differentiate on what you stand for.”
We have a differentiating story — and it's not on technology.
“The big guys are having a problem differentiating themselves –- because they can't on technology,” he argues. “So they add an extra camera, an extra this, an extra that. It's commoditized. What you see is that you get a lot more of the prize-fighters. You get a lot of companies that can do it cheaper. That is a sign that the industry is at a point that it's been commoditized. The great thing about that for us is that we have a differentiating story — and it's not on technology.
“That makes it an interesting time for looking into new things like having a modular architecture, repairability, circular economy — things that are also important to a growing group of consumers. That's one of the strengths of the timing that we have.”
He points out that the current system of technology manufacturing works to wipe away all trace of the workers who make the gadgets — even to the detriment of their health, such as screen cleaning chemicals being discovered to be a serious health hazard.
Another example he points to is the factory worker who tested an iPhone camera with a selfie which was accidentally left in memory instead of being erased — leading to a surge of interest in who she was.
“Our cosmetics and aesthetics around phones is that they may not be touched by someone before they come out of the box. We've hidden everyone,” he says, arguing that the biggest challenge to marketing fairer electronics is still raising awareness.
“How can you create responsibility for something when you don't even know that there's somebody involved in making it? So what if you actually don't clean the screen? And it arrives with fingerprints. And you think ‘hey, this thing is made by human beings'.”
That's where the value of storytelling comes in, of course — re-humanizing products whose manufacturing realities have been cloaked behind spotless facades. The truth — of course — is a lot dirtier.
“We live in a world where there is slavery still in the products we make. We live in a world where there is people dying around the stuff that's made. Technology is not different than clothing or food. It's our economic system. So we're hiding this stuff – I don't think it's people hiding it; it's the system,” he argues.
“We've set up a system that's brilliant at making stuff that we can't understand ourselves — there's not one single person who understands the complexity of the phone by themselves so we need each other to do it. But it also created distance and alienation in a way with where things come from. And we've been hiding it so we don't have to think about it.”
“People are proud of having a Fairphone,” he adds, underlining the contrasting outcome of an ethical approach to product manufacturing. “You see more and more Millennials wanting to work for companies that have a purpose, and they also want to have products that contribute not only to private interests.”
Demystifying electronics extends to the Fairphone's own internals — as you'd hope. Not only can you remove the Fairphone 2's case to get at and replace the battery — a standard feature of smartphones in years gone past, traded in in favor of ever thinner, growing-colder-to-the-touch hermetically sealed slabs — but with the help of a small screwdriver you also can get stuck in and unscrew all the pieces: display module, camera module, top and bottom chins, and the core…
[gallery ids="1458064,1458063,1458059,1458062,1458061,1458060,1458058,1458056"]
Almost all the handset's electronic bits are replaceable, with spare parts sold via Fairphone's website — although the core chipset is not offered as a spare part, given it's the most expensive component and repair costs would likely put off any buyers. Nor can it be upgraded for a faster processor, as it's the anchoring electronic architecture that the device is certified against.
But the rest of the components have been modularized so they can be replaced when broken and more easily recycled at end of life. Some modules can also be replaced to be upgraded — in order to extend the hardware lifespan with improved capabilities. At MWC Fairphone announced it has new front and rear camera modules incoming soon, for example.
They also announced that support for Android 6 would be arriving in the “coming weeks” — because of course software upgradability is equally important for ensuring gadget longevity.
For those wanting another mobile OS flavor there's also a community port of Ubuntu (pictured running on Fairphone hardware below) and of Jolla's Sailfish OS. And you can also load an open source version of Android stripped of “all the Google stuff”, as van Abel puts it.
The Amsterdam-based startup has been thinking differently about the world's favorite gadget since 2010. Initially as a campaign and then a crowdfunder with the idea of building a fairer phone like people buy fairtrade coffee or chocolate, yet lacking any direct experience of making phones. But with backers' money in the bank they started hiring — going on to successfully turn a little goodwill into a debut handset and a nascent community.
The first device focused on ethically sourced minerals and fairer labour practices for factory workers. The second also introduced a design that's both rugged and repairable via bespoke modularity.
“When we went to the operators at first I had a stone in my hand – I took it from a mine. And I put it on the table at KPN – one of the biggest operators in Holland — and I said guys this is going to be a Fairphone. Because it's from a mine where there's no conflict,” explains van Abel, pulling the very same green-streaked stone out of his bag and resting it on the table next to the pieces of its higher tech cousin.
“And the crazy thing is that these guys signed a contract for 1,000 phones that didn't exist from a company that didn't exist and that had never made a phone before.
“But the great thing is they started communicating that — we were a campaign at that time – but the fact that this big company started buying this made it very real for consumers. And then when we started selling it, we had three weeks when we sold over 10,000 phones, we had €3.5M in the bank account and we didn't know how to make phones. And that's how we lifted off!”
Fairphone has sold around 125,000 devices in total, selling more of the second handset than the first. And it's preparing to scale up. van Abel says he's fundraising and seeking strategic partners to support the next growth phase.
Early support for the business came in the form of a little working capital (£15,000) from London-based accelerator Bethnal Green Ventures, which backs social enterprise startups. But most of the financing to sustain Fairphone so far has come via a crowdfunding route.
“If you're a company like us where you have a social enterprise model you don't want to get venture capital on board too fast. Because they still are in the model of growth and financial returns,” says van Abel.
“I would say we're past the startup phase and we're really scaling the company. We've got 70 people already, we've got a turnover of around €20M to €30M, we're going towards break even and profitable this year. So it's a real company.”
Strategic partnerships are of especial importance for surviving in a commoditized hardware space — enabling Fairphone to benefit from economies of scale that larger partners can command, such as by being able to tack its (modest) component orders onto much larger ones. And that need for help from the wider mobile ecosystem isn't going to go away.
“As a small player in the industry you're very vulnerable,” he says. “And so one of the things we're working on is really anchoring our position in the industry – through companies that are allied with what we do, and especially bigger companies, so we're working on distribution networks.
“We've got some really great things coming up with big operators, big distributors, who are also going to help up, going to support us on scaling the company. And have that leverage in the industry to work with the factories on a more healthy, [sustainable] base. So that's really strengthening the business.”
He describes carriers as an interesting partner combination given how their commercial goals can align with its mission — with carriers seeking loyalty and Fairphone encouraging phone users to stick not twist their hardware.
He says one possible scenario could be a carrier partner offering a Fairphone user more data or lower monthly costs in exchange for keeping their device for longer. “Loyalty is their business,” he says. “So they can play around with that, and for us it's great because it incentivizes people to keep their phone for longer through a financial incentive as well.”
“People keep asking how can you be in business, how are you going to survive if you make phones and you can only sell a phone every five years. Well who says that you can't be in business if you only sell a phone every five years? You might not grow as fast but that depends on your shareholders – what they are satisfied with,” he adds.
And while many investors would pass by what van Abel cheerfully describes as a “niche” business for now, he's confident a bigger shift is coming down the pipe as the concept of fairer electronics gains momentum — pointing, for example, to how other startups are following in Fairphone's footsteps.
Even if, as I point out, a giant like Google apparently couldn't make modularity stick. Why does he think that Google's Project Ara failed to bring smartphone modularity to market? “It was more about customizable phones,” he suggests. “I don't see a reason why people want to put their own phone together. And because of that, customization with modularity, it became really challenging from a technological point of view.
“I haven't found a phone company that actually said that their mission is to sell fewer phones to a single person,” he adds. “That's the thing, you don't change these things over night — so you can better do that as a niche product. We're a niche, we don't have to become bigger than a couple of hundred thousand phones a year to survive.”
Germany is Fairphone's best market so far, according to van Abel. And when I ask who the typical user is the answer is instant and specific: “A 36-year-old male German with a university Masters degree.” But he's also confident that green-hued Gen-X Germans are just the early adopting vanguard — the tip of the ethical electronic iceberg.
“Now it's a niche but it becomes mainstream because we have to,” he argues. “The companies that are now disconnecting their business models from misusing resources, companies that have in their mission a social purpose – those are the companies that will keep people working for them, that will keep customers coming, and that will keep their shareholders. Because shareholders, institutional investors are looking more and more and saying okay we're not investing in companies that are destroying the world.
“So I think we're not at the point when we can make it mainstream but we can, as a company, survive on it. And I'm pretty sure that we can establish something. Look at chocolate — you can't find chocolate that's not fairtrade now. You can't find coffee — it's very hard to find a coffee that's not fairtrade. So that's mainstream. It's something that will happen.”
As chance would have it, as I'm writing this article I realize that one of my trusty Sennheiser earbuds has finally gone dark — some four years after I bought the pair. Sadly there's zero chance of prising apart its tiny pieces and swapping out whatever component has failed. But I really wish there were.
Skip to comments.
'Joe the Plumber' Backs Claim That Obama Would Bring 'Death to Israel'
Posted on by pissant
click here to read article
Forget McCain. Palin/Plumber 2008!
To: pissant
i think he's right too. I think Obama is really really bad news for Israel.
To: pissant
Watch the spin. The MSM regards this as a problem. Not to think it, but to say it. Very un-PC.
To: pissant
Oh my goodness. We have been lucky with regular ole folks this election havent we???? We need to quit looking for our next leader in the mansions and find them playing football with their kids in the front yards.
To: pissant
Sarah / Joe 2012!
To: babble-on
McCain needs to be careful with Joe. He's a big plus for McCain right now, but that could change if they give him too much exposure. He will end up saying something that gets him in trouble.
To: pissant
Even if what he said is true, it will come across as extremist and the MSM will make McCain look bad for it. Joe may have jumped the shark.
by 7 posted onby Paradox (Obama, the Audacity of Hype.)
To: Genoa
Very un PC. If McCain learned from Joe, he'd win in a landslide.
To: pissant
No kidding, Sarah/Joe 2012!
To: pissant
Hey, that's my bumper sticker. I hang out in political chat every now and again, well way too much for my own good actually. Anyways, the libtards were saying that McCain, bringing Joe the Plumber into the debate was going to kill McCain's campaign. This is one more proof they have no idea what they are talking about. One of the things I say to drive the Libtards nuts is said that we should increase aid to Israel. Which I believe we should do, but they can't even discuss the issue rationally.
by 10 posted onby YdontUleaveLibs (Reason is out to lunch. How may I help you?)
To: Paradox
Nah. Joe just won admiration for some real straight talk. Unlike Mccain's dissembling.
To: pissant
bump
by 12 posted onby maine-iac7 ("He has the right to criticize who has the heart to help" Lincoln)
To: Paradox
Straight talk express... that's how McCain calls it. Joe said the truth. Obama will neuter us and leave Israel hang out to dry. The truth hurts.
To: Paradox
come across as extremist
Actually, it might not be bad to get the chatter onto foreign policy for a day or two. I think most people will generally cut Joe plenty of slack. He's you and me, don't forget. This will only tick off people who were Obama voters from the get-go.
To: pissant
An Orthodox Jewish friend of mine is voting for McCain. No way for Obama. Six months ago, the Orthodox Jewish community in America was expressing strong reservations about Obama's friendship with Palestinian sympathizers.
by 15 posted onby Ciexyz (Todd Palin signed my t-shirt Oct.18 at NRA rally, N.Versailles PA Sportsmen's Club.)
To: pissant
OK, nobody here thinks this statement will be negative for the McCain campaign right? Shep Smith is trying to make a big deal about this. I think it does not hurt McCain.
To: pissant
Obama in one debate would not agree that one of our allies, Israel, should be allowed to defend itself in the event of a nuclear attack by Iran. On the other hand, he endorsed the notion of an unprovoked United States invading another of our allies, Pakistan. I like Joe's foreign policy better.
To: MikeFrancesa.com
That's because Shep is too busy dreaming about his date with Anderson tonight to figure out what real people think.
To: MikeFrancesa.com
He didnt say it he agreed with it, right? What is wrong with that. Shep is a shit. I need his email.
To: pissant
OMG Shepherd smith is doing his melo dramatic girlie hissy fit again about this why on earth does FOX have this idiot working for them
by 20 posted onby manc (Marriage is between a man and a woman no sick MA,CT sham marriage end racism end affirmative action)
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
© NDR
Sie haben es tatsächlich getan: Die deutschen Verleger, selbsternannte Hüter des Qualitätsjournalismus in Deutschland, klagen in ihrem App-Wahn gegen die "Tagesschau"-App. Dazu ein Kommentar von DWDL.de-Chefredakteur Thomas Lückerath
21.06.2011 - 11:36 Uhr von Thomas Lückerath 21.06.2011 - 11:36 Uhr
Man staunt mit offenem Mund und weiß nicht, ob man zuerst lachen oder weinen soll. Acht Zeitungsverlage haben heute bei der Wettbewerbskammer des Landgerichts Köln eine gemeinsame Klage gegen die öffentlich-rechtlichen Rundfunkanstalten ARD und NDR eingereicht. Sie wehren sich gegen die "textdominante Berichterstattung in der Tagesschau-App ohne jeglichen Sendungsbezug." Hörfunk- und fernsehähnliche Inhalte bleiben von der verlegerischen Kritik unberührt, heißt es in einer Mitteilung des Bundesverbands Deutscher Zeitungsverleger (BDZV).
Nach etwa fünfzehn Jahren des kommerziell erfolgreichen Internets fällt den deutschen Verlegern also auf, dass es online Texte zu lesen gibt. Bislang hat man sich an den Online-Nachrichtenportalen von ARD und ZDF nicht gestört, was daran gelegen haben mag, dass die deutschen Verleger das Internet anfangs erstmal so gut wie möglich ignorierten und dann über Jahre meist ergebnislos nach Erfolgsrezepten im Web gesucht haben. Doch jetzt glaubt eine traditionsreiche Branche mit gestandenen Journalisten und Verlegern allen Ernstes ihre Rettung in Smartphone-Apps gefunden zu haben.
Außer den Verlegern glaubt daran natürlich niemand. In den Top10 der Downloadstores etwa für Apples iPad und iPhone findet sich kein einziges journalistisches Angebot - egal ob bezahlt oder kostenlos. Und doch stören sich die Verleger schon seit der Veröffentlichung der kostenlosen "Tagesschau"-App an ihr. Wer kein Vertrauen darin hat, dass die eigene Qualität Käufer findet, der muss offenbar den Wettbewerb bekämpfen. Doch das wird zum Boomerang: Die jetzige Klage macht in erster Linie den BDZV zur Lachnummer der Nation.
"Die Ministerpräsidenten schauen untätig zu, wie mit Gebührengeldern umfänglich Pressetexte geschrieben und digital verbreitet werden", sagt Dietmar Wolff, Hauptgeschäftsführer des Bundesverbands Deutscher Zeitungsverleger. Und ergänzt, wohlgemerkt als studierter Jurist: "Es bedarf in Deutschland aber keiner staatsfinanzierten Presse." Es ist schon sehr interessant, dass sich der Hauptgeschäftsführer des BDZV nicht mit dem öffentlich-rechtlichen Rundfunk auskennt, obwohl er ihn angreift.
Staatsfinanziertes Fernsehen gibt es zwar in der Tat in Deutschland. Das wäre allerdings die Deutsche Welle. Die Finanzierung von ARD und ZDF ist, ganz bewusst, losgelöst vom Einfluss des Staates bzw. der Politik, gebührenfinanziert realisiert worden. Ein kleiner aber feiner Unterscheid, der einem Juristen nicht durchgehen dürfte. Doch viel dreister, wieder einmal wahlweise komisch oder tragisch, ist ein ganz anderer Aspekt: Der Hauptgeschäftsführer des Bundesverband Deutscher Zeitungsverleger sagt, es bedarf keiner staatsfinanzierten Presse.
Nun, Zeitungen und Zeitschriften werden in Deutschland aus unerfindlichen Gründen mit dem reduzierten Mehrwertsteuer-Satz von 7 Prozent besteuert. Es ist der Print-Journalismus, der damit per se subventioniert wird. Will der BDZV wirklich staatsfinanzierte Presse verhindern, müsste er sich selbst an die eigene Nase packen. Bei so viel Dreistigkeit und verlorenem Realitätssinn des Verbandes und der klagenden Verlage, bleibt man als denkender Mensch am Ende einfach sprachlos.
Die Verlagshäuser stützen sich bei ihrer Wettbewerbsklage übrigens auf den Rundfunkstaatsvertrag der Länder, der presseähnliche digitale Inhalte der öffentlich-rechtlichen Sender ohne konkreten Bezug zu einer erfolgten Sendung verbietet. Das hat jahrelang bei den Webangeboten der Öffentlich-Rechtlichen nicht gestört. Aber jetzt stört es die wilden App-Fantasien der Verleger. Namentlich waren sich übrigens "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung", "Süddeutsche Zeitung", "Die Welt", "Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung", "Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger", "Rheinische Post", "Ruhr Nachrichten" und "Flensburger Tageblatt" nicht zu schade für diese Klage.
Teilen
Have your own Tale From an Interview? Don't hesitate to send it to me.
The Next Big Thing (from "CPound")
I recently found an advertisement in one of those thin newspapers near the entrance of the grocery store. It read:
Seeking software developer to create the next generation app. No one has thought of this before! Major potential, great $$$! Contact me at 555 - 1234 ."
I was out of work at the time and thought, what the heck, let's see what this new idea that "no one has thought of" was all about. So I gave the guy a call and we agreed on a time to meet at his offices.
I arrived at the address he gave me and it was one of those ramshackle, semi-abandoned plazas off a service road. I hesitated a bit before walking into the tiny "suite" and considered just going back home. But I figured I wasted gas on this, so here goes.
The office had nothing more than a table, a couple chairs, and a yellowed PC with one of those ancient bulky monitors. As I walked in, the guy came out of what looked like the bathroom and asked me to sit down and tell him about myself and my experience.
I gave him the whole spiel, and he seemed really impressed and excited. But the whole while, I was wondering if what I saw was what I'd get: just him, his small office, and his yellow PC. I decided to inquire a bit about his operation.
"Well, it's just me and a couple investors right now," he said, "We have to keep this real quiet."
He paused for a moment and continued, "it looks like you're a great candidate for the position, but I can only tell you more if I can have your solemn agreement that you will take the job."
I raised an eyebrow and stared intently.
"I'm offering this job to you right now," the guy clarified.
"I'm sorry," I said, as alarm bells were going off in my head, "but you still haven't told me what it is you want to accomplish. How can I agree to something when I have no idea what I would be doing? If you want I can sign a confidentiality agreement—"
"Oh no no no," he said, cutting me off. "That's not necessary. No paperwork here. Too much to keep up with."
More alarms went off. "Really, I have no problem signing—"
"Fine. Fine." he conceded. "I'll give you a broad outline. Two words: blog-ging."
"That's funny," I laughed a little bit. He innocently looked back with a what?-expression. "Seriously... blogging? Uh...what about it?"
"It is the newest thing to the web," he lit up. "This is going to be huge! Every day we will be posting new content. It will be fresh and informative, and will take the world by storm!"
"Are you saying that blogging is..." I thought for a moment, "new? You do realize that blogging has been around for years? And that before that, people were doing online journal—"
"Oh yeah," he countered, "but do these blogging sites have ad-ver-tise-ments?"
"Yes," I said matter-of-factly. "I can show you, just Google 'John's Blog' or 'Mike's Blog'. I'm sure you'll get thousands of results."
"Hmm," he said, glaring back, "we don't have internet access here yet."
I ended the interview shortly after that. On my way out, he shouted "now don't tell anybody about this!" Whoops.
Too Primitive for COBOL (from Jill)
Nearly twenty-five years ago, I was looking for a job as a COBOL programmer and landed an interview at a mid-sized payroll processing firm. The interviewer seemed nice enough and started out by asking the standard job interview questions. As I'd answer, he'd often interrupted me with random questions about my résumé.
“Wait a sec,” he said, cutting off my explanation of some programming problem, “you worked at CorbaDyne? I think I've heard of them before. Where are they based out of?”
I told him they were based out of Cape Town.
“Cape Town,” he replied, raising an eyebrow. “Where is that, in Vermont?”
“Actually,” I said, slightly clearing my throat, “it's in South Africa.”
The interviewer stared at me for a few moments, deep in thought. Without saying a word, he clicked his pen, shook his head, and dropped my resume down on his desk. He let out a deep sigh.
“Okay,” he said in disappointed tone, “well now I know you're lying. I mean really, everybody knows that Africa hardly even has electricity, let alone computers, let alone COBOL programmers! You could have at least picked a place like Scotland!”
Needless to say, it turned out the opportunity wasn't a good fit, after all.
"The Best" Interview (from Len)
A while back, I had a pleasure of interviewing "The Best". That was the nickname we had for him long before the interview, as he used that phrase — Proper Case and all — all over his cover letter. And clearly, his background was The Best; he had degrees in Biochemistry, Neuroscience, Programming, Automotive Technologies, and a few others fields.
I was running a little late to the interview, so my colleague got started without me. When I walked in to the conference room, The Best was in the middle of lecture about how completely unnecessary Object Oriented Programming was. I just figured he was a fan of functional programming or something.
When it came time for the technical questions, however, his answers had me wondering.
"What is inheritance?" he was asked.
The Best smiled and answered, "it's when you give a variable a value of a different variable."
We threw him another softball question. "What is a class?"
"I do not know," he shrugged, "but I would look it up."
"Okaaay," I said, moving on to another question. "what does a SQL join?"
"I do not know," he said in the same tone, "but I would look it up."
Almost every question we asked yielded the same response. As we finished up the interview, The Best shared with us a link to his personal website, and we couldn't resist checking it out."
As we perused his site, we found a page that linked to his University transcript. And by University, he meant the local community college. We also found out that, by saying "I have a degree in..." he actually meant failing or dropping out of a class in that discipline.
21 IS recruits from Kerala may be launched into India to stage attacks
India
oi-Vicky
The 21 persons from Kerala who went missing between June and July,and who were suspected to have joined the Islamic State are likely to be launched into India soon. A major breakthrough in this case came on Thursday, with the Intelligence Bureau, with the help of foreign agencies tracking the persons to an IS camp in Jalalabad.
OneIndia was the first to report that these persons were shifted to an IS-run camp at Jalalabad in Afghanistan. IB officials say that these operatives comprising women too are likely to be launched into India after their training is complete. "We are keeping a close watch," says an officer with the IB.
[Also read: 21 missing youth from Kerala traced to IS camp in Afghanistan]
At first it was believed that these persons were being trained in a bid to set up a strong module of the IS in Afghanistan. However the indication now is that they are being trained to launch attacks in India.
Officials do not rule out the possibility of more such persons leaving India to train at camps in Afghanistan. These persons are either landing in the Gulf or Iran before they make their way into Afghanistan, officials say.
It has also been found that there are operatives from Bangladesh and Maldives who are part of this camp in Jalalabad. "We are working closely with our counterparts in Afghanistan to nab these persons," an Indian official states.
In June 2016, 21 persons from Kerala went missing. They had called their families and said that they had reached their final destination. At first, the Kerala police suspected that they may have joined a ISIS in Syria. However intelligence that trickled in from Iran indicated the presence of these persons in Afghanistan. Indian agencies then coordinated with their counterparts in Afghanistan and after months of tracking it was found that they were settled in a camp in Jalalabad.
June 22, 2015 Brain connections last as long as the memories they store, Stanford neuroscientist finds A team of Bio-X scientists applied microscopy know-how to a long-standing theory in neuroscience: if brain connections called synapses store memories, those synapses should last as long as the memories themselves. It turns out they do, as Mark Schnitzer was able to show. By Amy Adams Stanford researchers have used microscopy tools that they developed in the lab to monitor the synapses between hippocampal neurons, opening a window onto the workings of short-term and long-term memory. (Creations / Shutterstock Our memories are as fleeting as the brain structures that store them, or so the theory goes. When the connections – called synapses – between neurons break, the memories they hold are thought to evaporate along with them. The idea seemed good, but has been hard to test. Now a Stanford team has taken on the challenge, studying a brain region called the hippocampus, which stores "episodic" memories. These are the memories of events or conversations that might be forgotten over time if the memories aren't used. The challenge to studying synapses in this region is that the hippocampus is so deep and the connections so densely packed that no microscope could easily monitor the synapses' longevity. Now Mark Schnitzer, an associate professor of biology and of applied physics, has leveraged microscopy tools developed in his lab and for the first time was able to monitor the connections, called synapses, between hippocampal neurons and confirm what neuroscientists thought might be happening. In the mice he and his team studied, the connections between neurons lasted about 30 days, roughly the duration over which episodic memories are believed to stay in the mouse hippocampus. The work was published on June 22 in Nature. "Just because the community has had a longstanding idea, that doesn't make it right," Schnitzer said. Now that the idea has been validated, he said, his technique could open up new areas of memory research: "It opens the door to the next set of studies, such as memory storage in stress or disease models." Mobile memories When mice experience a new episode or learn a new task that requires spatial navigation, the memory is stored for about a month in a structure at the center of the brain called the hippocampus (it is stored slightly longer in people). If mice have hippocampus-disrupting surgery within a month of forming a memory – a memory of meeting a new cage-mate or navigating a maze – that memory is lost. If the disruption occurs after more than a month, then the mouse still retains the memory of a new friend or location of food. That's because the memory had been relocated to a different region of the brain, the neocortex, and is no longer susceptible to disruption in the hippocampus. "The thought is that memories are gradually moved around the brain," said Schnitzer, who is also a member of Stanford Bio-X and the Stanford Neurosciences Institute. "The neocortex is a long-term repository, whereas considerable evidence indicates that memories stay in the mouse hippocampus only about a month." In the past, scientists at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York and elsewhere had monitored connections between neurons in the neocortex, nearer the brain's surface and therefore visible with little disruption to the brain. They watched not the connections themselves, but the bulbous projections called spines that form connections at their tips. Watching the spines come and go serves as a proxy for knowing when excitatory connections between neurons are created and broken. Those scientists found that about half of the spines in the neocortex were permanent and the rest turned over approximately every five to 15 days. "The interpretation was that about half the spines in the neocortex are long-term repositories for memories while others retain malleability for new memories or forgetting," Schnitzer said. Deep and dense If the same line of thinking held true for the hippocampus as it did for the neocortex, spines in the hipocampus should turn over roughly every 30 days along with the memories they hold. Verifying that idea had been challenging, however, because the hippocampus is deeply buried in the brain and the spines in that region are so densely packed that multiple spines can appear to merge into one. Schnitzer said there were three components to his team's ability to track spines in the hippocampus. The first was a technique he reported in 2011 that allows scientists to stably image a single neuron in a living mouse over long time periods. The next was an optical needle, called a microendoscope, that provides high-resolution images of structures deep within the brain. Even with a stable and high-resolution way of imaging neurons in the hippocampus over time, the team still faced the challenge of distinguishing when spines are gained and lost if they couldn't tell the difference between a single spine and several merged bulges. "The ability to resolve spines in the hippocampus is right on the hairy edge of our technological capability," Schnitzer said. The team overcame that problem with a mathematical model that took into account the limitations of the optical resolution and how that would affect the image datasets depicting the appearances and disappearances of spines. What Schnitzer and his team found in this analysis is that the region of the hippocampus that stores episodic memories contains spines that all turn over every three to six weeks – roughly the duration of episodic memory in mice. Schnitzer said that the work confirmed a long-held idea about how the brain stores memories. Using the same techniques, scientists can now probe additional aspects of how memories are formed, remembered and eventually lost at the level of the individual connections between neurons. For more Stanford experts on biology and other topics, visit Stanford Experts. -30-
Racine County Sheriff's Department Corey Curtis, 44, was sentenced to three years of probation on Monday with the condition that he is not to procreate until he
can support the nine children he fathered with six women.
A Wisconsin judge has ordered a man who owes $90,000 in child support after fathering nine children with six women to not have any more kids, at least for now.
Racine County Circuit Court Judge Tim Boyle sentenced Corey Curtis, 44, to three years of probation on Monday with the condition he is not to procreate until he shows he can support his children, according to court documents.
Curtis pleaded no contest in October to one count each of felony bail jumping and failure to pay child support.
Assistant District Attorney Rebecca Sommers said Curtis owes about $50,000 in back child support, plus another $40,000 in interest to the mothers, the Journal Times reported.
“Common sense dictates you shouldn't have kids you can't afford,” Racine County Circuit Court Judge Time Boyle said at a hearing, according to the Journal Times. “It's too bad the court doesn't have the authority to sterilize.”
In his decision, the judge cited a 2001 case in which Wisconsin Supreme Court justices upheld a Court of Appeals ruling that a judge may, as a condition of a person's probation, order the defendant not to have another child unless he can show financial viability.
Curtis told local station WDJT-TV he planned to comply with the unusual order in his case.
"Judges, they make rulings," Curtis said. "They make them kind of hastily. So, if that's what he feels one of my conditions should be then I'm going to abide by it."
This isn't the first time a judge has made a ruling intended to block breeding.
A Kentucky judge in March ordered a man who had fathered a dozen children by 11 women to refrain from having “any sexual intercourse” for the one-to five-year period he's on parole.
A Texas judge in 2008 sentenced a 20-year-old mother to 10 years probation for not protecting her 19-month-old daughter from abuse by the child's father. The judge ordered her to not get pregnant during her probation.
More content from NBCNews.com:
Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
Show a human any photograph and they'll be able to predict what happens next with pretty decent accuracy. The woman riding her bike will keep on moving. The dog will catch the frisbee. The man is going to have a pratfall. And so on. It's such a basic skill that we don't consider the vast amount of information that is used to make these predictions — concerning gravity, inertia, the nature of pratfalls, etc. — and teaching computers to do the same is proving to be a key challenge in machine vision.
The videos are short, small, and often nightmarish
Researchers from MIT attempting to solve this problem have come up with some very impressive results, using specially trained neural networks to turn images into videos and getting the computer to essentially predict what happens next. Their model has plenty of limitations — the videos are seconds long, tiny, and often nightmarish — but it's still an impressive feat of machine imagination, and another step toward computers that understand the world a little more like humans.
The neural net was trained using more than 2 million videos downloaded from Flickr. These were sorted into four types of scenes; golf courses, beaches, train stations, and hospitals (this latter category made up of images of babies), and the footage was stabilized to remove camera shake. Using this data, the team's neural nets were able to not only generate short videos that resembled these scenes (that's the GIF at the top of the page), but to also look at a still and create footage that might follow (that's the GIF below). This is essentially predicting what will happen next, albeit in a limited manner that is only guessing how pixels might change, rather than understanding the scene.
Here's how that looks:
It's quite easy to see what's being achieved here and where it falls short. In the beach videos for example, you can see the waves crashing, and at the train station, the model knows that the train is likely to keep moving past the camera. However, when asked to predict how a human will walk across a golf course, the end results don't actually look anything like a human. They're blurred, smeared, and unrealistic. The researchers themselves note that the computer's predictions don't usually follow "the correct video," but that at least "the motions are plausible."
Getting beyond these plausible-but-obviously-fake videos is going to be tough, but other machine learning systems have made progress in related areas, predicting actions like handshakes and hugs, and even generating sounds that match videos. Facebook's head of AI Yann LeCun addressed this topic in an interview last year, saying that being able to generate future movement like the research above is a "piece of the puzzle" in creating predictive computers, but that true understanding of a video or image and its possible futures will take much more work.
"If you're watching a Hitchcock movie and I ask, ‘15 minutes from now, what is it going to look like in the movie?' You have to figure out who the murderer is," said LeCun. "Solving this problem completely will require knowing everything about the world and human nature. That's what's interesting about it."
Experiments with deadly viruses such as Ebola have to be performed in biosafety level or BSL-4 laboratories, for the highest level on containment. (Tim Brakemeier/AFP/Getty Images)
Researchers studying Ebola in a highly secure laboratory mistakenly allowed potentially lethal samples of the virus to be handled in a much less secure laboratory at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, agency officials said Wednesday.
One technician in the second laboratory may have been exposed to the virus and about a dozen other people have been assessed after entering the facility unaware that potentially hazardous samples of Ebola had been handled there.
The technician has no symptoms of illness and is being monitored for 21 days. Agency officials said it is unlikely that any of the others who entered the lab face potential exposure. Some entered the lab after it had been decontaminated. Officials said there is no possible exposure outside the secure laboratory at CDC and no exposure or risk to the public.
“At this time, we know of only the one potential exposure,” CDC Director Tom Frieden said in a telephone interview.
The mistake took place Monday afternoon. It was discovered by laboratory scientists Tuesday and within an hour reported to agency leaders. The error, which is under internal investigation, was reported to Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Mathews Burwell and to a program that has oversight over pathogens such as Ebola and anthrax.
View Graphic This is the largest outbreak of the Ebola virus in history.
The mistake comes after a series of incidents this summer involving the mishandling of dangerous pathogens at the nation's labs. An incident at a CDC lab in June potentially exposed dozens of employees to live anthrax because employees failed to properly inactivate the anthrax when transferring samples.
In a statement, Frieden said he was troubled by the mistake in the CDC's Ebola research lab. “Thousands of laboratory scientists in more than 150 labs throughout CDC have taken extraordinary steps in recent months to improve safety,” he said. “No risk to staff is acceptable, and our efforts to improve lab safety are essential — the safety of our employees is our highest priority.”
The CDC operates advanced biosafety laboratories in which dangerous pathogens such as Ebola can be handled by investigators who wear biohazard suits that keep them from being exposed. But what happened this week illustrates the impossibility of eliminating human error from even a state-of-the-art facility.
In the interview, Frieden said the agency's goal to have systems in place to mitigate human error “was not met here.”
The mistake was discovered Tuesday when workers looked in the freezer in the Ebola research lab — one of the highest-security biosafety labs, known as a Level 4 — and saw material that was supposed to have been sent to a different, less-secure lab in the same building.
They realized something was wrong.
The researchers had been studying the effects of Ebola on guinea pigs in the high-security lab to find out whether the Ebola strain that has devastated West Africa this year is deadlier than previous strains.
But there was a mix-up this time: Less-hazardous material that should have gone to the second lab down the hall was placed in the first lab's freezer. The hazardous material, which possibly contained live Ebola virus, was put in a spot to be transferred to the second lab, CDC officials said.
The technician in the second lab should have recognized, via the color coding on the test tubes, that this was hazardous material that should have stayed at the first lab, officials said. That technician is the person who could have been exposed.
The lab where Monday's potential exposure occurred was decontaminated and the material destroyed as a routine procedure before the error was identified. The laboratory was decontaminated for a second time and is now closed. Transfers from the high-security lab have stopped while the review is taking place.
The high-security lab where the first mistakes were made also performs diagnostic tests for Ebola, and has conducted hundreds of those tests since July. Stuart Nichol, a top CDC official, said diagnostic testing for Ebola will be moved to a different lab.
The latest incident comes at a time when the CDC is taking a leading role to fight the epidemic that has killed more than 7,500 people in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, and to improve domestic preparedness against Ebola. More than 170 CDC infectious disease specialists are in West Africa. Frieden returned late Saturday from his second trip to the region.
After the summer's incidents, the CDC temporarily banned transfer of all biological materials from its labs, conducted a wide-ranging safety review, appointed a new director of lab safety and created an outside lab safety advisory group. The CDC labs conduct some of the world's most sophisticated research into infectious diseases.
At congressional hearings, Frieden vowed to improve the agency's overall safety culture as well as put in place stronger oversight measures.
In the June incident involving live anthrax, more than 80 workers may have been exposed after employees unknowingly sent samples of the bacterium from one CDC lab to other CDC labs. During the anthrax investigation, agency officials learned about several other instances in which deadly pathogens had been improperly sent to other laboratories over the past decade.
No one became infected or fell ill in those incidents, and all the organisms were safely disposed of, officials said.
The most serious of those previously undisclosed incidents took place in March, when a CDC lab in Atlanta sent a sample of flu virus contaminated with the deadly H5N1 influenza virus, a much-feared bird flu strain, to a U.S. Department of Agriculture laboratory in Athens, Ga. CDC staff members failed to report the incident to top leaders at the time.
Biosafety experts have criticized the lack of coordination and oversight at laboratories inside and outside the federal government that conduct research on microbes that could be used as bioterrorism agents.
“Such events like this are absolutely unacceptable even once. When they occur multiple times, you have to ask yourself what systems are in place to prevent this from happening,” Michael Osterholm, director of Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota, said in an interview Wednesday.
“To err is to be human. We expect that to happen in any kind of high-tech setting,” Osterholm said. “So what you do is build in a set of procedures and checks and balances. They need to be in place to account for human error.”
LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Oct 14, 2016) - Pure Hospitality Solutions, Inc. ( OTC PINK : PNOW ), parent Company of the Central American-Caribbean Online Travel Agency (OTA) Oveedia, announced today, that the Company's strategy to economically attract more Oveedia users has successfully taken form; attracting special interest travelers while generating revenues through the newly launched numismatic vertical.
Management indicated that this aspect of the Oveedia marketing plan, borrows from the evolution of Sports Tourism; a booming, $7.7 Billion industry. In marketing to numismatic enthusiasts who travel specifically to participate in coin and currency events, Pure has been able to garner the interest of a significantly sized, specialty tourism market, while spending a minimal amount of money to test the strategy. Management further indicated that the numismatic operation is very cost efficient and can generate enough revenue to sustain itself and add profitability to the Company's bottom line.
"Last year, ASC International USA, organized a 5-day numismatic trip to Havana, Cuba; for enthusiasts and other interested travelers to learn about the history of Cuban coins, currency and recovered treasures," stated Melvin Pereira, President and CEO of Pure Hospitality Solutions. "While there are hundreds of shows organized in the United States yearly, the 'gem' of all the Americas -- being Central America and the Caribbean -- as ASC International USA demonstrated, is just now truly becoming a destination of great discovery for the numismatic tourist... also known as Numismatourist, and Latin American tourism as a whole."
"For us, creating this vertical was a no brainer... Our ultimate goal is to market an OTA intended to spur tourism, specifically to the Central American-Caribbean region. We don't care if it's sports tourism, eco-tourism, or in this case... numismatic tourism. We chose numismatics because this market affords us an opportunity to develop an additional, positive cash flow business, which has low overhead, strong asset value appreciation and highly sought-after merchandise. To Pure and our shareholders, this means more revenue, more potential profits and increased valuations."
Management intends to scale-up it numismatic vertical and begin traveling to specialty numismatic events, promoting numismatic tourism through Oveedia, and of course, selling its current inventory of rare Costa Rican and Central American coins and currencies.
About Pure Hospitality Solutions, Inc.
PURE provides proprietary technology, marketing solutions and branding services to hotel operators and condominium owners. The Company's vision is to build competitive operations in the areas of (i) online marketing and hotel internet booking engine services, (ii) hotel branding and, (iii) own, operate and in some instances develop, boutique hotels under the new, "by PURE" brand. PURE is the creator of Oveedia, the Central American-Caribbean online travel hub.
Related Links:
Safe Harbor Statements in this news release that are not historical facts, including statements about plans and expectations regarding products and opportunities, demand and acceptance of new or existing products, capital resources and future financial results are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause the Company's actual results in future periods to differ materially from those expressed. These uncertainties and risks include changing consumer preferences, lack of success of new products, loss of the Company's customers, competition and other factors discussed from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
1 — Control Panel 2 — Range 3 — Input Lag & Test Methodology 4 — G-SYNC Ceiling vs. V-SYNC 5 — G-SYNC Ceiling vs. FPS Limit 6 — G-SYNC vs. V-SYNC OFF w/FPS Limit 7 — G-SYNC vs. V-SYNC w/FPS Limit 8 — G-SYNC vs. Fast Sync 9 — G-SYNC vs. V-SYNC OFF 10 — G-SYNC Fullscreen vs. Borderless/Windowed 11 — In-game vs. External FPS Limiters 12 — External FPS Limiter HOWTO 13 — Hidden Benefits of High Refresh Rate G-SYNC 14 — Optimal G-SYNC Settings & Conclusion 15 — Closing FAQ
G-SYNC Module
The G-SYNC module is a small chip that replaces the display's standard internal scaler, and contains enough onboard memory to hold and process a single frame at a time.
The module exploits the vertical blanking interval (the span between the previous and next frame scan) to manipulates the display's internal timings; performing G2G (gray to gray) overdrive calculations to prevent ghosting, and synchronizing the display's refresh rate to the GPU's render rate to eliminate tearing, along with the delayed frame delivery and adjoining stutter caused by traditional syncing methods.
G-SYNC Demo
The below Blur Busters Test UFO motion test pattern uses motion interpolation techniques to simulate the seamless framerate transitions G-SYNC provides within the refresh rate, when directly compared to standalone V-SYNC.
G-SYNC Activation
“Enable for full screen mode” (exclusive fullscreen functionality only) will automatically engage when a supported display is connected to the GPU. If G-SYNC behavior is suspect or non-functioning, untick the “Enable G-SYNC, G-SYNC Compatible” box, apply, re-tick, and apply.
G-SYNC Windowed Mode
“Enable for windowed and full screen mode” allows G-SYNC support for windowed and borderless windowed mode. This option was introduced in a 2015 driver update, and by manipulating the DWM (Desktop Windows Manager) framebuffer, enables G-SYNC's VRR (variable refresh rate) to synchronize to the focused window's render rate; unfocused windows remain at the desktop's fixed refresh rate until focused on.
G-SYNC only functions on one window at a time, and thus any unfocused window that contains moving content will appear to stutter or slow down, a reason why a variety of non-gaming applications (popular web browsers among them) include predefined Nvidia profiles that disable G-SYNC support.
Note: this setting may require a game or system restart after application; the “G-SYNC Indicator” (Nvidia Control Panel > Display > G-SYNC Indicator) can be enabled to verify it is working as intended.
G-SYNC Preferred Refresh Rate
“Highest available” automatically engages when G-SYNC is enabled, and overrides the in-game refresh rate selector (if present), defaulting to the highest supported refresh rate of the display. This is useful for games that don't include a selector, and ensures the display's native refresh rate is utilized.
“Application-controlled” adheres to the desktop's current refresh rate, or defers control to games that contain a refresh rate selector.
Note: this setting only applies to games being run in exclusive fullscreen mode. For games being run in borderless or windowed mode, the desktop dictates the refresh rate.
G-SYNC & V-SYNC
G-SYNC (GPU Synchronization) works on the same principle as double buffer V-SYNC; buffer A begins to render frame A, and upon completion, scans it to the display. Meanwhile, as buffer A finishes scanning its first frame, buffer B begins to render frame B, and upon completion, scans it to the display, repeat.
The primary difference between G-SYNC and V-SYNC is the method in which rendered frames are synchronized. With V-SYNC, the GPU's render rate is synchronized to the fixed refresh rate of the display. With G-SYNC, the display's VRR (variable refresh rate) is synchronized to the GPU's render rate.
Upon its release, G-SYNC's ability to fall back on fixed refresh rate V-SYNC behavior when exceeding the maximum refresh rate of the display was built-in and non-optional. A 2015 driver update later exposed the option.
This update led to recurring confusion, creating a misconception that G-SYNC and V-SYNC are entirely separate options. However, with G-SYNC enabled, the “Vertical sync” option in the control panel no longer acts as V-SYNC, and actually dictates whether, one, the G-SYNC module compensates for frametime variances output by the system (which prevents tearing at all times. G-SYNC + V-SYNC “Off” disables this behavior; see G-SYNC 101: Range), and two, whether G-SYNC falls back on fixed refresh rate V-SYNC behavior; if V-SYNC is “On,” G-SYNC will revert to V-SYNC behavior above its range, if V-SYNC is “Off,” G-SYNC will disable above its range, and tearing will begin display wide.
Within its range, G-SYNC is the only syncing method active, no matter the V-SYNC “On” or “Off” setting.
Currently, when G-SYNC is enabled, the control panel's “Vertical sync” entry is automatically engaged to “Use the 3D application setting,” which defers V-SYNC fallback behavior and frametime compensation control to the in-game V-SYNC option. This can be manually overridden by changing the “Vertical sync” entry in the control panel to “Off,” “On,” or “Fast.”
A Mississauga man has been charged with drunk driving following a dramatic police chase in Mississauga Wednesday night that was captured on camera.
The drama unfolded in the City Centre around 8:30 p.m. when Peel Regional Police officers tried to stop a pick-up truck that was “driving erratically,” according to Peel Const. George Tudos.
The vehicle stopped but then sped off and crashed into a light pole at Hurontario Street and Burnhamthorpe Road.
The police chase, crash and arrest of the driver and passenger was captured on video and posted to YouTube and Twitter showing the driver fleeing a police stop. The height of the chase on the YouTube Video is captured around the 0:50 mark. It is followed by the devastating crash and takedown by several officers as the driver appears to be attempting an escape:
It's been almost 100 years since Woodrow Wilson created the National Parks Service, but visitors aren't waiting until the centennial to explore national parks. New data released by the National Parks Service shows that in 2014 the parks system hosted more visitors than any other year in history.
There were 292.8 million visits to national parks in 2014, up seven percent from 2013. It was the best year since 1987, officials noted in a release. San Francisco's Golden Gate National Recreation Area was again the most visited place in the National Park System, racking up over 15 million visits, while the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in North Carolina and Tennessee blew other parks out of the water with over 10 million visits, more than twice the visits logged by the next runner-up, Grand Canyon National Park.
So what's the least popular park? LiveScience's Becky Oskin notes that three national parks—all in the wilds of Alaska—didn't get any visitors at all last year (or at least didn't get any check-ins). And places like the Eugene O'Neill National Historical Site in California and Pennsylvania's Thaddeus Kosciuszko National Memorial weren't able to break out of the low thousands of visitors.
The uptick could be due to more than just the gorgeous scenery. 2014 brought everything from good weather to lower gas prices, an improved economy, Corbin Hiar reports for Environment & Energy News, and overall, the travel industry is slowly recovering from downturn following 9/11.
MORE: Tanaka's "can't decide" tweet
To the baseball enthusiast, Hall-of-Fame executive Larry MacPhail is best known as the innovative architect of some great Reds, Dodgers and Yankees teams in the 1930s and 1940s and as a zealous and abiding consumer of wholesome, nutritious alcohol. MacPhail was also, however, an Army man with a not-insubstantial sense of daring ...
There's Capt. Leland MacPhail sitting on the far left, first row. As for the rest of his confreres pictured above, they and MacPhail ... well, they tried to kidnap Kaiser Wilhelm II.
A bit of back-story ... Not long after the Great War (World War I) drew to a close, the Kaiser, the last German emperor, abdicated this throne, and after hostilities entered the treaty-making stage he scurried off to neutral Holland and tucked himself away in Amerongen, a 17th-century castle, to await whatever came next. "Whatever came next" was likely to be a trial for war crimes. Of course, for said trial to take place, the Kaiser and his "Bat Signal" mustache ...
... would need to be apprehended and hauled before an International court -- possibly hog-tied, possibly not.
And that brings us back to MacPhail and his buccaneering fellow travelers. Perhaps fearing the at-marathon-length bureaucratic run-up to bringing the Kaiser in to face justice, this crew decided to, as it were, "take back the streets" on their own time and without going up the chain of command. (I've read other accounts that cited unchecked group drunkenness as the scheme's author and executor, which certainly sounds plausible enough.)
In any event, the original plan, hatched by one Col. Luke Lea (seated next to MacPhail in the top-most image above), involved -- and know that I am not making this up -- beating their way inside the castle with tire irons ("I was thinking of motoring up to Holland kidnapping the Kaiser," Col. Lea said to Capt. MacPhail some time around Christmas 1918). Instead, Col. Lea, prior to the events of Jan. 4, 1919, settled on the illusion of statecraft rather than spare-tire violence. In MacPhail's own words to a New York-based Sydney Sunday Herald correspondent in 1953 ...
Before all that went down -- and in keeping with the best practices of WWLMD ("What Would Lee Marvin Do?") -- they cut the phone lines to the castle. Things were going about as well as could be expected until one of the Kaiser's valets attemped to call the Hague to verify the credentials of this most curious diplomatic envoy, the members of which were, as noted, possibly wrecked on whiskey.
At that point, things began to fall apart. The Dutch infantry summoned to the scene seemed inclined to laugh it off and let McPhail and company walk, but then Col. Lea prompted his men -- whether by official order or in leading by example -- to make a break for it. So they all leaped into their roadster and beat a hasty retreat. And because the story can end no other way, Capt. MacPhail, Col. Lea and rest of the boys careened into the loving arms of nearby Belgium with the headlights off and ushered out by gunfire at the border.
In Col. Lea's own words, the point of the whole thing was to hand-deliver the Kaiser to President Woodrow Wilson, who was in Paris advancing his "14 Points." That was the plan because of course that was the plan.
In the end, though, all these well-intentioned bedlamites had to show for their efforts was one of the Kaiser's ashtrays, which Capt. MacPhail pocketed while in the castle. The entire thing probably would've been forgotten, except that the Kaiser was quite annoyed by the whole affair. So he filed a formal complaint with the Dutch government. In that complaint, the Kaiser noted that the American intruders "made him nervous" and also griped that missing from his personal effects was a certain monogrammed ashtray. At the official inquiry that ensued, MacPhail testified that he had no knowledge of any ashtray belonging to this or any other Kaiser. He and his cohorts were eventually pardoned.
As for the Kaiser, he spent the rest of his life in exile. As for the Kaiser's ashtray, it sat on Col. MacPhail's desk and followed him to the Reds, Dodgers and Yankees.
(Sources: Sydney Morning Herald, Tennessee State Library and Archives, The Victory Season by Robert Weintraub)
The George W. Bush Administration was set on going to war with Iraq even before Colin Powell made his infamous 2003 weapons of mass destruction pitch to the United Nations, writes the former secretary of state in his new book, "It Worked For Me: In Life and Leadership."
It might be Powell's biggest revelation in the book, which details the experiences and lessons learned during his career as a soldier, a four-star general and secretary of state.
Powell writes in one chapter in which he discussed his address to the U.N. that war "was approaching," reports the Huffington Post, which obtained an advanced copy of the book slated for a May 22 release.
"By then, the President did not think war could be avoided," Powell writes. "He had crossed the line in his own mind, even though the NSC [National Security Council] had never met--and never would meet--to discuss the decision."
Powell refers to the address to the U.N. as a "blot." It was during that address that he appealed to the international body to support the United States because the country--albeit, erroneously--believed Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, notes a Bloomberg report on the book.
The speech and the facts surrounding the speech serve as a lesson to business leaders on the importance of staying skeptical and following their intuition, Powell writes.
"Yes, a blot, a failure will always be attached to me and my UN presentation," the former U.S. secretary of state writes. ... "I am mad mostly at myself for not having smelled the problem. My instincts failed me."
Powell points a finger at Dick Cheney and Scooter Libby, the former vice president's chief of staff, as the ones responsible for providing the inaccurate information about Iraq's possession of weapons of mass destruction, the Huffington Post reports.
In the book, Powell notes the weapons of mass destruction case "was a disaster."
"I learned later that Scooter Libby, Vice President Cheney's chief of staff, had authored the unusable presentation, not the NSC staff. And several years after that, I learned from Dr. [Condoleezza] Rice that the idea of using Libby had come from the Vice President, who had persuaded the President to have Libby, a lawyer, write the 'case' as a lawyer's brief and not as an intelligence assessment."
Powell, though, takes credit for rejecting continued appeals from Cheney to add "assertions that had been rejected months earlier to links between Iraq and 9/11 and other terrorist acts," according to the Huffington Post report.
More from Yahoo! News:
Time for a trim
This is a neea buxifolia (nia in Spanish. Saltwood in English) that I originally got from Hector Morales.
Doing research for this post I am flummoxed in my attempt finding out why this tree is called saltwood. Or any other info on it other than bonsai related.
It is an understory tree that tends to grow straight until it gets tall, then it twists and turns, searching out light.
It has almost no tap root (which is perfect for bonsai).
It grows in limestone heavy soils (the island of Puerto Rico)
It doesn't produce much fruit and those seeds collected from them don't germinate much.
They can be propagated from cuttings, air layers and, a recent discovery of mine, root cuttings.
Which, with their small leaf and tremendous growth habit, will make for some nice tiny, twisted trees.
Looking at our subject
you'll notice the flat front. It appears to me as though the tree was split in twain.
Imagine this is a tree trunk
Then you cut it in half
That's basically this tree.
It probably happened during collection; the tree was pulled up and a root tore off and up the trunk.
And it lived. This is serendipity.
The only wire this tree has seen was on the main branches when I was training them down a bit.
Basically it's been “clip and grow”.
It's very easy to treat this tree as a topiary, just hedge trimming the canopy.
Can I give a reason why you shouldn't do that, with any tree, not just this one?
It will always look like that's all you did, and that's the thing. It looks artificial.
We should be stringing for an organic shape, not a dome shape.
It's a long process with a neea to build a branch.
Let it grow, trim, grow, trim, wire, grow, trim, unwire, trim……..
You get the idea.
I'm about midway on this tree.
The normal trimming model is:
Cut off those shoots growing down and up. Remove multiple shoots in one area. Remove those shoots growing in the crotches of branches. Remove shoots occurring on the inside of a curve.
This model works for a few trimming seasons. Then you have to think of the thickness of the branch pad you are developing.
The branch from the top will look OK
But it will be flat
At this point you take some of the top growing branches and wire them over the pad. Giving it a 3d look
I'll go through the tree slower this time and choose more carefully those branches I need to keep.
Lookie, I found a flower!
Now for some wire
This being such a small, vigorous tree I have to repot every year
As you can see. That's pretty geometric.
A little comb and wash and trim
Do you see the brash brush, um, bass brish, brish bus, ugh…. Brass brush in the background?
This is a good time to brush dead wood. When the tree is without soil (and if the roots are in no danger of drying or breaking off) is a good time to brush because the act of brushing (in a pot) is rough on the roots but now (out of the pot) you don't have that problem.
No soil, no stress.
If you are discerning, you'll have noticed the unique pot
It's a marvelously flawed piece; perfect for this tree.
The soft rectangular shape (parallelogram actually) goes well with the flat plane of the front of the tree.
It's handmade (obviously) and is signed on the bottom
If anyone can identify the maker I'd love to know. It's one of my favorite pots.
When you moss the soil the green and the orange contrast nicely.
Rear view
Side
Side
It's a sweet little tree. (If you want to read more on this and other neeas click on this link)
If you get one know this.
It is tropical: do not let it get below freezing. And if you have it indoors for any extended time it requires supplemental light. Like a full spectrum grow light. High intensity. Really.
If there's anyone who can tell me why it's called saltwood, please drop a note this way.
Before
After
ATLANTA -- Josef Martinez pointed to a panorama photo hanging on the wall of the conference room in the shiny, still-new training center of Atlanta United, the 2017 expansion team and first MLS franchise in the Deep South.
It showed Atlanta's Bobby Dodd stadium at the sold-out, first game of the year, on March 5. “What's the MLS record [for attendance]?” he eagerly asked a team administrator, sitting across the conference-room table.
Atlanta United has launched at a dizzying pace, leading MLS in goals scored and average attendance, as well as looking likely to become the first expansion team in eight years to enter the playoffs. And although two injuries have sidelined Martinez for more than half the season, the Venezuelan forward tops the league in goals per 90 minutes, at 1.36. Until recently, he also led his team in goals thanks to his dangerous change of pace on the ground and surprisingly effective aerial abilities.
A pioneer of sorts, Martinez is MLS' highest-profile player from Venezuela, traditionally a cradle of baseball talent and the only CONMEBOL country never to qualify for the World Cup. Historical numbers show the gulf between the two sports: MLS has featured a baker's dozen of Venezuelan players while Major League Baseball has imported more than 530.
The country is also in complete chaos. Months of battles between government forces and protesters have left dozens of deaths, mostly civilians, while inflation spirals higher and food and medical supplies become ever more scarce. This has, of course, touched sports, too. On the morning Martinez asked about attendance records, he had received messages on his phone about a teenaged professional player who was shot and killed in a protest, the second such death in recent weeks.
The situation means Martinez's success takes on extra meaning. He sees himself offering some hope to a nation in pain, though he struggles with the limited impact he can have on the country's conflict.
“Athletes have a role to play,” said Martinez, painfully aware of how restricted his help can be. “A message on the internet can help lift a person's spirits, but it doesn't feed that person."
Growing the game
Soccer has become increasingly important in Venezuela over the last two decades -- starting in 2001, when the men's national team won four World Cups qualifying games in a row. Hosting the 2007 Copa America helped develop infrastructure, while the youth teams continued to improve: a first men's U-20 World Cup appearance in 2009, a first U-17 World Cup in 2013, and a run to the 2017 U-20 World Cup final. Meanwhile, the women's U-17s reached the World Cup semis in 2014 and 2016.
These developments “raised the interest of many children,” noted Venezuelan soccer commentator Humberto Turinese. “They saw themselves in the national teams.”
Now 24, Martinez was either very young or already playing professionally during many of those moments. He's “very happy with the achievements [those] teams have reached and continue to reach,” though his main inspiration from home remains “my family, my friends and the work I do every day.”
Butch Dill-USA TODAY Sports
Turinese, a television commentator for the Venezuelan men's team, has seen the Atlanta United forward's efforts since Martinez's agent, Sebastian Cano, pointed him out as a child. This includes Martinez's early days taking buses three hours a day to and from training in Caracas; traveling to tryouts with Argentinean team Estudiantes, where he was thwarted by FIFA rules disallowing foreign players under 18 from signing professional contracts; entering the U-20 national team, as well as the men's national team; and, finally, signing his first contract in a major European league, with Italian side Torino, where he languished for several years before coming to Atlanta United.
Cano detailed this arc in a 40-minute documentary that aired on Venezuelan TV. Now that he is doing well at Atlanta United, said Cano, Martinez is an example for children in his home country. “All of us in Venezuela see the news, a Venezuelan reaching success abroad,” he said. “With everything that's happening in the country, kids receive this news, and it gives them a big reason to hope for the future.”
Shifting the global imbalance
Martinez is aware of being a role model, and not just for children. He sees his triumphs as “raising the name of my country higher.” He also admits that some of his countrymen take to social media to minimize those same achievements, saying, “Yes, but you're in MLS.” In Venezuela, soccer fans and players “always think of Europe,” Martinez said.
But that too is changing, according to Turinese. “Many players and agents are seeing MLS as very attractive -- for the pay, infrastructure, attendance, and marketing … I have no doubt that young Venezuelan players are going to continue to come to the U.S.”
Being abroad doesn't stop him communicating with his homeland. Like the video he posted in May on Instagram and Twitter, posing in his national team's jersey and urging his compatriots to have “unity and strength … in this painful time.” A month later, Martinez posted a photo of Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro, topped by the word, “Assassin.”
Mike DiNovo-USA TODAY Sports
But he can only do so much for the many Venezuelan soccer players and other friends who beseech him constantly -- often for aid in getting out of the country. “People ask me every day for help,” he said. “If I had my own team, I would, but I don't. I don't have so much money that I can help everyone who approaches me … I wish I could help them all, but I'm just a soccer player.”
Martinez also feels the danger his own family faces, including the threat of kidnapping that many Venezuelan baseball players have spoken about in recent months. Some of Major League Baseball's nearly 100 Venezuelans have also taken to social media to support their compatriots while expressing the same sort of anguish Martinez feels.
Clear goals
Even under this weight, Martinez is clear-headed about his job at Atlanta United, which he will resume as soon his right foot recovers from a bruise he sustained in June.
And he has a clear vision for the future: more success at Atlanta; reaching the World Cup, although not this time around, as Venezuela is dead last in CONMEBOL World Cup qualifying; and, someday, running the soccer academy that Cano launched in Venezuela nine years ago, where about one in five children doesn't have to pay to attend because they're “from neighborhoods like the one I grew up in.”
In the immediate future, Martinez questions whether Venezuela's August 31 World Cup qualifying match at home against Colombia should go on as scheduled. “We can't play … it's a celebration when the national team plays, and my country is not in the mood to celebrate right now. Venezuela is suffering a lot. People are dying.”
“The happiest day for me,” he added, “will be when my country is at peace, when those in power have left and when they've paid for what they've done.”
As for his own part in his country's story, he is humble but hopeful.
“I hope people say that there's a Venezuelan who is doing good things, and that someone knows about Venezuela because of me.”
Click here for more of FourFourTwo USA's leading MLS coverage
Police responded to a report of an active shooter at Kaiser Fontana on Thursday, April 21, 2016.
Operations resumed at Kaiser Permanente Fontana Medical Center after it was locked down Thursday night as police responded to reports of an active shooter that were later determined to be unfounded.
Police surrounded Kaiser Permanente Fontana Medical Center, at 9961 Sierra Ave., at 10:30 p.m.
Police combed the hospital for about two hours and did not find an active shooter, according to Fontana Police Department. Around 9:57 p.m., people inside the hospital heard loud noises they thought were gunshots and alerted authorities, police said.
It was not immediately clear what caused the noises, but there was no gunfire at the campus in San Bernardino County, according to police.
Hospital visitors tweeted about the incident. One woman tweeted that she was in a back room with emergency room patients and families who were in waiting room. She said there was no access to a bathroom or water.
Jennifer Silvestri, a Kaiser spokeswoman, said police were at the hospital after reports of an active shooter.
The hospital returned to normal activity just after midnight, police said.
Nate Silver's questionable foray into predicting World Cup results got me thinking about the limitations of maths in economics (and the social sciences in general). I generally stay out of this discussion because it's completely overdone, but I'd like to rebut a popular defence of mathematics in economics that I don't often see challenged. It goes something like this:
Everyone has assumptions implicit in the way they view the world. Mathematics allows economists to state our assumptions clearly and make sure our conclusions follow from our premises so we can avoid fuzzy thinking.
I do not believe this argument stands on its own terms. A fuzzy concept does not become any less fuzzy when you attach an algebraic label to it and stick it into an equation with other fuzzy concepts to which you've attached algebraic labels (a commenter on Noah Smith's blog provided a great example of this by mathematising Freud's Oedipus complex and pointing out it was still nonsense). Similarly, absurd assumptions do not become any less absurd when they are stated clearly and transparently, and especially not when any actual criticism of these assumptions is brushed off the grounds that “all models are simplifications“.
Furthermore, I'm not convinced that using mathematics actually brings implicit assumptions out into the open. I can't count the amount of times that I've seen people invoke demand-supply without understanding that it is built on the assumption of perfect competition (and refusing to acknowledge this point when challenged). The social world is inescapably complex, so there are an overwhelming variety of assumptions built into any type of model, theory or argument that tries to understand it. These assumptions generally remain unstated until somebody who is thinking about an issue – with or without mathematics – comes along and points out their importance.
For example, consider Michael Sandel's point that economic theory assumes the value or characteristics of commodities are independent of their price and sale, and once you realise this is unrealistic (for example with sex), you come to different conclusions about markets. Or Robert Prasch's point that economic theory assumes there is a price at which all commodities will be preferred to one another, which implies that at some price you'd substitute beer for your dying sister's healthcare*. Or William Lazonick's point that economic theory presumes labour productivity to be innate and transferable, whereas many organisations these days benefit from moulding their employees' skills to be organisation specific. I could go on, but the point is that economic theory remains full of implicit assumptions. Understanding and modifying This is a neverending battle that mathematics does not come close to solving.
Let me stress that I am not arguing against the use of mathematics; I'm arguing against using gratuitous, bad mathematics as a substitute for interesting and relevant thinking. If we wish to use mathematics properly, it is not enough to express properties algebraically; we have to define the units in which these properties are measured. No matter how logical mathematics makes your theory appear, if the properties of key parameters are poorly defined, they will not balance mathematically and the theory will be logical nonsense. Furthermore, it has to be demonstrated that the maths is used to come to new, falsifiable conclusions, rather than rationalising things we already know. Finally, it should never be presumed that stating a theory mathematically somehow guards that theory against fuzzy thinking, poor logic or unstated assumptions. There is no reason to believe it is a priori desirable to use mathematics to state a theory or explore an issue, as some economists seem to think.
*This has a name in economics: the axiom of gross substitution. However, it often goes unstated or at least underexplored: for example, these two popular microeconomics texts do not mention it all.
Advertisements
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela would be willing to cut its own oil production if OPEC decides to limit output when it meets on Nov. 27, Foreign Minister Rafael Ramirez said on Thursday.
Venezuela's Foreign Minister Rafael Ramirez (R) speaks next to Venezuela's Oil and Mining Minister Asdrubal Chavez during the 14th Cabinet Meeting of Petrocaribe in Caracas November 20, 2014. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Ramirez, who was until recently oil minister and president of state oil company PDVSA, declined to say what specific proposal Venezuela planned to take to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries meeting in Vienna.
Asked which OPEC members would support a proposal aimed at strengthening prices, Ramirez said: “I hope all of them.”
Chances have risen that OPEC will agree to reduce production, according to oil industry analysts, citing delegates with the producer group.
Ramirez, who serves as Venezuela's representative to the group, just returned from a trip to OPEC and non- OPEC countries Mexico, Iran, Algeria, Qatar, and Russia to shore up support.
Financially strained Venezuela is pushing for higher prices to help it pay mounting arrears with private companies, debt payments and popular but pricey social programs.
Although Venezuela is a founding member of OPEC, the South American country's pull has waned in recent years as production has flagged and it has shown little willingness to join in previous production cuts.
On Thursday, Ramirez repeated a previous statement that the fair price of oil was $100 per barrel.
Oil rose after three straight days of losses as strong U.S. economic data bolstered crude markets, though focus remained on whether OPEC will cut enough output to end a five-month long selloff.
Benchmark Brent oil settled up $1.23 at $79.33 a barrel, after a session high at $79.46.
EXXON ARBITRATION, ALGERIA IMPORTS
Venezuela sought a revision of an arbitration award that ordered it pay Exxon Mobil Corp $1.6 billion in compensation for oil projects nationalized in 2007 because it disagrees over payment, Ramirez said.
Venezuela argues a previous Exxon award from Paris-based International Chamber of Commerce for $908 million should be discounted.
PDVSA has said it expects to eventually pay closer to $1 billion in the International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes' (ICSID) award, which announced its decision last month.
Ramirez said recent imports of Algerian crude, to dilute Venezuela's growing extra-heavy output and replace more costly naphtha purchases that had been used for the same purpose, were part of growing bilateral plans including a joint venture.
“Don't view these as imports because with Algeria we're going to create a joint venture. It's like a business mixing two types of crude ... and it sells at a very good price,” he said, adding that refineries take the mix for an extra $20 per barrel and the arrangement with Algeria could last “forever.”
President Obama believes that no veteran should have to fight for a job at home after they fight for our nation overseas. On November 21st, the President signed The Vow to Hire Heroes Act of 2011, a law that combines provisions of the veterans' tax credits from the President's American Jobs Act , Chairman Murray's Hiring Heroes Act and Chairman Miller's Veterans' Opportunity to Work Act into a comprehensive package that will aggressively attack the unacceptably high rate of veteran's unemployment. The Obama Administration has also created resources to help veterans translate their military skills for the civilian workforce, built new online tools to aid their search for jobs, and partnered with the Chamber of Commerce and the private sector to make it easier to connect our veterans with companies that want to hire them:
Visit the program homepage (This link will take you off of Whitehouse.gov) Veterans
Employers looking to hire veterans The Veterans Job Bank connects unemployed veterans to job openings with companies that want to hire them. The Obama Administration partnered with leading job search companies to create a new, easy to use online service that enables employers to “tag” job postings for veterans. It launched with more than 500,000 job listings, a number that will continue growing as more companies tag the job postings on their own websites and add them to the Veterans Job Bank.
Visit the program homepage (This link will take you off of Whitehouse.gov) Veterans
Employers looking to hire veterans Veterans Recruiting Services connects employers and veterans through virtual career fairs. VRS offers services to assist veterans and their spouses as they transition to the civilian workforce, and helps employers find the right highly qualified, educated and well-trained veterans for their businesses.
Visit the program homepage (This link will take you off of Whitehouse.gov) Veterans My Next Move for Veterans is an easy-to-use online tool created by the Department of Labor that allows veterans to enter information about their experience and skills in the field, and match it with civilian careers that put that experience to use. The site also includes information about salaries, apprenticeships, and other related education and training programs.
Visit the program homepage (This link will take you off of Whitehouse.gov) Veterans The Veteran Gold Card provides post-9/11 veterans with extra support as they transition out of the military. Once a veteran has downloaded the Veteran Gold Card , he or she can access six months of personalized case management, assessments and counseling at the roughly 3,000 One-Stop Career Centers located across the country.
Visit the program homepage (This link will take you off of Whitehouse.gov) Veterans Hero 2 Hired (H2H) is a comprehensive employment program provided by the Department of Defense that offers everything a Reserve Component job seeker needs to find their next opportunity, including job listings, career exploration tools, education and training resources, virtual career fairs, a mobile app for IOS, Android and Windows Phones, an innovative Facebook application and a variety of networking opportunities. H2H also provides vast recruiting opportunities for military-friendly employers, including unlimited free postings; ability to send digital invitations to gauge the interest of potential veteran candidates; automatic notifications for applications; H2H messages and connect requests; and search capabilities on H2H's database to match the qualifications required for positions. h2h.jobs/
Visit the program homepage (This link will take you off of Whitehouse.gov) Veterans The Military Spouse Employment Partnership http://www.msepjobs.com/ (MSEP) is a comprehensive web-enabled recruitment and career partnership solution connecting military spouses to employers seeking a 21st century workforce with the skills and attributes possessed by military spouses. MSEP provides a digital recruiting platform for vetted FORTUNE 500 PLUS employers who have committed to identifying and promoting career employment opportunities for military spouses, posting job openings on the MSEP web portal, and to offering transferrable, portable careers to relocating military spouse employees.
Saudi Blogger To Be Publicly Flogged For Insulting Islam
A Saudi blogger sentenced in May to a decade in prison and 1,000 lashes will be publicly flogged Friday in Jiddah, The Associated Press is reporting, citing a person close to the case.
Raif Badawi was found guilty of insulting Islam on Free Saudi Liberals, a website he created, and also ordered to pay about $266,000 in fines. A court originally sentenced him to 600 lashes and seven years in prison, but a judge increased the sentence after an appeal. Amnesty International said he will receive 50 lashes each week for 20 weeks.
U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the U.S. was greatly concerned about Badawi's punishment "for exercising his rights to freedom of expression and religion."
"The United States Government calls on Saudi authorities to cancel this brutal punishment and to review Badawi's case and sentence," she said.
Amnesty International said it too had learned of Badawi's impending punishment.
"It is horrifying to think that such a vicious and cruel punishment should be imposed on someone who is guilty of nothing more than daring to create a public forum for discussion and peacefully exercising the right to freedom of expression," Philip Luther, Middle East and North Africa director for the group, said in a statement.
Badawi's wife and children moved to Canada after he was arrested, and his website has been closed.
The Cleveland Cavaliers are teaming up with Akron's own Goodyear Tire and Rubber next season to go along with new uniforms as well.
In an early afternoon press conference at Quicken Loans Arena, the Cleveland Cavaliers announced that they would officially be partnering with the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company. The partnership between both Northeast Ohio powerhouses will be a multi-year deal beginning in the 2017-18 season.
The biggest addition for the Cavaliers from this deal is they will now feature Goodyear's iconic Wingfoot logo on all players' uniforms starting with the 2017-18 season. For the home uniform, the team will feature the logo with a wine and gold color scheme, much like the Cavaliers' own colors. For the road uniforms, the team will use the Wingfoot logo that is more central to Goodyear with a navy and gold color scheme. Both logos will be placed on the upper left-hand location of the uniform.
The partnership between both the Cleveland Cavaliers and Goodyear Tire and Rubber makes perfect sense. Cavaliers' great LeBron James is an Akron, Ohio native the same place that is home to Goodyear as well. According to the Cleveland Cavaliers, James said, “Every Akron kid grew up seeing the Wingfoot in the sky on the blimp and feeling pride in our community. There is something special for me personally about having that logo on the Cavs uniform. Goodyear is also very supportive of the LeBron James Family Foundation. I can't imagine a better situation with our new Cavs jersey than bringing together Nike and Goodyear, two companies that mean a lot to me and my family.”
The Cavaliers and Goodyear also announced that together they are funding $1 million to the Cleveland Metropolitan School District's and Akron Public School District's STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) programs as well.
Besides the uniform change with the announcement of a jersey advertisement, according to Conrad Burry, content creator at SportsLogos.net, the Cleveland Cavaliers will be wearing new uniforms for the 2017-18 season:
Not quite, unfortunately. Some things will be changing for their unis next season ?? https://t.co/GNSvA14xoR — Conrad Burry ?????? (@conradburry) May 15, 2017
Can confirm. The new wordmarks are an improvement. More "designed" than current look. https://t.co/zTGgYvtAtn — Conrad Burry ?????? (@conradburry) May 15, 2017
Yea, I've seen the new logos + new wordmarks. Logos are a lateral move, and the wordmarks are an improvement, imo. https://t.co/awhb4Z5xoy — Conrad Burry ?????? (@conradburry) May 15, 2017
@AmNotEvan not sure. the wordmarks don't look like the first LeBron-era ones, though. — Conrad Burry ?????? (@conradburry) May 15, 2017
While Burry cannot release all the information at this time the fact that Nike is going to give the 2015-16 NBA Champions a facelift does make sense since their most important athlete also plays for the Cavaliers in LeBron James. When Burry calls the new Logos a "lateral move" the team will retain a similar look but modernize it with Nike's personal touch; similar to what Nike has done recently with the Portland Trailblazers.
The current uniform set has been with the team for their lowest points during the 2010-11 season and at their highest when they won the NBA title last season. Perhaps a fresh look will solidify the team in NBA history as they look to build a dynasty while still maintaining some of the look of NBA World Champions. Stay tuned for what the Cleveland Cavaliers have in store for the 2017-18 season and be sure to also follow Conrad Burry (@conradburry) on Twitter for updates on what Nike has planned for the NBA next season.
Despite the fervor of President Trump's Republican opponents, the president's brand of hard-edge nationalism — with its gut-level cultural appeals and hard lines on trade and immigration — is taking root within his adopted party, and those uneasy with grievance politics are either giving in or giving up the fight.
In some cases, the retirement of an anti-Trump Republican could actually improve the Republican Party's chance of retaining a seat. Senator Jeff Flake's decision on Tuesday to not seek re-election was greeted with quiet sighs of relief in a party anguished by his plunging approval ratings.
But such short-term advantages mask a larger, even existential threat to traditional Republicans. The Grand Old Party risks a longer-term transformation into the Party of Trump.
“There is zero appetite for the ‘Never Trump' movement in the Republican Party of today,” said Andy Surabian, an adviser to Great America Alliance, the “super PAC” that is aiding primary races against Republican incumbents. “This party is now defined by President Trump and his movement.”
It's one of the world's first drone-based delivery networks, but it's not in the Silicon Valley. It's in Shangri-la.
A Silicon Valley startup is piloting a low-cost drone-based delivery project in the remote Himalayan nation of Bhutan that could save lives in far-flung rural communities—and perhaps pioneer the system globally.
Bhutan has only 0.3 physicians per 1,000 people, according to the World Bank data, which is lower than larger regional countries like India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. But the bigger problem for many Bhutanese is access.
With 31 hospitals, 178 basic health unit clinics and 654 outreach clinics (as of 2011) serving a population of over 700,000, the challenge is to reach remote mountain communities on time and affordably.
That's why, earlier this year, the Bhutanese government and the World Health Organization reached out to Matternet, a Palo Alto company backed by some big name American investors that develops transportation networks using unmanned aerial vehicles to reach hard-to-access places.
With funds from investors like Andreessen Horowitz, Scott and Cyan Banister and Winklevoss Capital, Matternet has spent the past couple of years conducting field tests in the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
The project in Bhutan, however, is the first big test for the startup. Matternet is aiming to build a network of low-cost quadcopters to connect the country's main hospitals with rural communities.
Matternet uses small quadcopters that can carry loads of about four pounds across 20 km at a time, to and from pre-designated landing stations. The company is able to track these flights in real-time, and aims to eventually deploy fully-automated landing stations that replace drone batteries, giving them extended range and flight time. The drones it uses typically cost between $2,000-5,000.
Tshering Tobgay via Facebook Bhutan's prime minister Tshering Tobgay (in red) talks to Matternet CEO Andreas Raptopoulos (in black).
“It's not just about the cost, but the feasibility,” says Matternet's chief regulatory and strategy officer Paola Santana, who reckons that creating a similar land-based delivery system in Bhutan would be much more expensive and difficult to track.
For the pilot project, Matternet is using four drones to connect the Jigme Dorji Wangchuck National Referral Hospital in Thimphu, Bhutan's capital, with three small healthcare units.
Bhutan, often compared to the mythical Shangri-la of Joseph Conrad's ‘Lost Horizon,' is virtually all mountain. In the country's north, the air is thin and the altitude makes it difficult for flying. In the humid, subtropical south, monsoons bring up to 25 feet of rain per year.
The conditions are less than ideal for small drones, but Santana tells Quartz that they have functioned without any glitches so far. (There hasn't been any testing in heavy rains.)
Nonetheless, if pilot projects such as these work out, they could potentially lead to a massive new market for drone-based applications.
“Essentially, we see a market of civil government and commercial in terms $5.4 billion over the next decade,” says Phil Finnegan, an analyst at the Teal Group, a US-based firm that analyzes the aerospace industry. “It's quite promising, in a lot of areas, not only in humanitarian areas but also in things like agriculture for UAVs to develop their capabilities.”
The BjjBrick Podcast is in iTunes, and Stitcher radio
Steve Maxwell is one of the first Americans to receive a Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He was the first person to start teaching kettlebells in the United States. At the age of 62 he travels the world teaching BJJ and lifestyle fitness. Find more info about Steve Maxwell here.
We talk about:
His start to martial arts as a kid
Getting his blue belt fast and getting stuck at purple belt
How he learned how to teach Jiu-Jitsu
History of early BJJ in the United States
The combat aspect of Jiu-Jitsu
Why the age 45 seems to be a road block for people that do BJJ
Setting intrinsic goals and not extrinsic goals
How age effects you ability to do BJJ
How his game has changed over the years
Proper breathing techniques
A method of training to force you use better breathing
Links:
Quote of the week: “no victory without sacrifice” Robson Moura
Article of the week: “7 REASONS WHY YOUR CHILD SHOULD PRACTICE MARTIAL ARTS” breakingmuscle.com
Catch us next week for part 2 of this interview on The BjjBrick Podcast
Operation Plowshare Devon Powell
March 5, 2014 Submitted as coursework for PH241, Stanford University, Winter 2014
"And he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning hooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more." - Isaiah 2:3-5
Introduction
Operation Plowshare was a program officially established by the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) in 1958 to explore the technical and economic feasibility of using nuclear explosives for industrial applications. Until its termination in 1975 for environmental, technical, and political reasons, 27 nuclear tests were carried out. These experiments examined the possibility of using nuclear explosives for major excavation projects, underground fracturing for fossil fuel production and mineral leaching, creation of artificial aquifers, and chemical isotope manufacture. [1]
The Birth of Plowshare
Scientists and government personnel began to express interest in developing nuclear explosives for productive peacetime activities in the 1950s. Strong international reactions to Egypt's nationalization of the Suez Canal in 1956 prompted consideration for a nuclear excavation of a second canal. Though this issue was resolved diplomatically, it brought the possibility of nuclear excavation for major civil engineering projects into the mainstream. [1]
On June 27, 1957, the AEC approved the establishment of the Plowshare Program by LRL's Division of Military Application. A Division of Peaceful Nuclear Explosives would soon be created to assume responsibilities associated with the project. On September 19, 1957, the first US underground nuclear test (codenamed Ranier) provided the first experimental data for possible engineering uses of nuclear explosives; this was a major impetus for the further development and expansion of Plowshare. The existence and mission of the Plowshare program was publicly announced by the AEC on June 6, 1958. [1]
During the nuclear testing moratorium that went into effect on October 31, 1958, numerous non-nuclear preparatory experiments (including high explosive tests) were conducted, with major plans and proposals for nuclear tests and civil engineering projects under development. Upon the Soviet Union's unilateral end to the moratorium on September 1, 1961, the United States was fully prepared to carry out its peaceful nuclear testing program. [1]
Nuclear Tests
Gnome, the first post-moratorium test conducted under the Plowshare program on December 10, 1961, was an underground blast near Carlsbad, NM. Gnome's goal was "to determine if the underground nuclear detonation in a salt medium could produce steam that could run an electric generator and also to obtain information regarding the recovery of radioisotopes for medical and other purposes." [1]
Fig. 2: Post-detonation cross-section of the Rulison test site. [4] (Courtesy of the U.S. Department of Energy)
A major goal of Plowshare was to develop nuclear explosives for excavation. In 1962, a US Corps of Engineers Nuclear Cratering Group was formed at LRL for the purpose of advising Plowshare on civil engineering matters. [1]
The first and most dramatic cratering experiment was Sedan, conducted at the Nevada test site (NTS) on July 6, 1962. At 104 kt Sedan displaced 12 million tons of earth and created a crater 400 m across and 100 m deep. [1]
The Buggy test (March 1968) was notable for being the only row-charge detonation in the US nuclear testing program. [1]
Stimulation of low-permeability natural gas formations emerged as the most promising use for peaceful nuclear explosions. Experiments to this end were the only joint government-industry nuclear tests. Gasbuggy was the first of these tests, conducted on December 10, 1967, near Farmington, NM. This was a 29 kt blast 1,292 m underground, which created a "chimney" of fractured rock intended to allow trapped oil and gas to flow freely. Rulison was a similar test carried out in Grand Valley, CO. Rio Blanco was a simultaneous detonation of three 33-kt charges spaced from 1,780 m to 2,039 m in depth along the same vertical shaft. Private corporations involved in these tests included the El Paso Natural Gas Company (Gasbuggy), the Austral Oil Company (Rio Blanco), Conoco (Rio Blanco), and CER Geonuclear Corporation (Rio Blanco and Rulison). [2-4]
The Rulison test produced a less-than-expected 455 million cubic feet of natural gas, though tritium contamination rendered it unacceptable for public use. [4]
The potential for environmental contamination from such activities was considered to be low due to the impermeability of the surrounding rock. Ongoing monitoring programs have reported no environmental hazards outside of the immediate subterranean test area. [2-4]
High-Profile Proposed Projects
Fig. 3: The proposed Project Chariot harbor, showing the original plan and the later scaled-down version. (Source: Wikimedia Commons)
Project Chariot was, in many respects, the flagship of the early Plowshare program, intended to be a full-scale exhibition of civil engineering using nuclear excavation. Chariot would have created an artificial harbor some 30 miles southeast of Point Hope, Alaska, 125 miles north of the Arctic Circle. Although the original concept called for the simultaneous detonation of about 2.4 megatons of nuclear ordnance, this was later scaled down to two 200-kt blasts to create the harbor, plus two to three 20-kt row charges to create a channel to the sea. [5,6]
Chariot came remarkably close to being carried out. An area almost the size of Delaware was set aside by the Department of the Interior, and 40 environmental studies were conducted at the site by the AEC between 1959 and 1962 in preparation for the shot. [5,6]
Chariot was met with strong public opposition, especially from the Eskimo residents of the Point Hope area. The economic and military value of the project was also dubious. These combined factors led to the effective cancellation of the project in 1962. [5,6]
Chariot was not the only artificial harbor project proposed under Plowshare. A 1971 report examined the possibility of blasting an artificial harbor into the coast of South America, with 33 proposed sites. [7]
The idea of a sea-level waterway (a canal requiring no locks) was also quite popular during the Plowshare era; such projects were the most ambitious ever proposed. In 1965, the Atlantic-Pacific Interoceanic Canal Study Commission (the Anderson Commission) was established to explore the possibility of constructing a sea-level waterway across central America. During subsequent years, several routes were proposed. The shortest were through Panama and northern Colombia, although one route covered nearly 140 miles through southern Mexico. These canals were to be hundreds of meters wide and tens of meters deep in order to accommodate large vessels like the newly-constructed USS Forrestal. [1,8,9]
At least one other study proposed the use of nuclear explosives to excavate a 160-mile sea-level canal between the Mediterranean Sea and the Gulf of Aqaba (a route that passed through Israel at the time), as well as a channel to the Dead Sea for hydroelectric generation. [10]
In 1970, the Anderson Commission recommended to the Nixon administration that the US not make any policy decisions on the assumption that suitable nuclear excavation technology would be available for any such project. [1]
Another Plowshare project was Carryall, a proposed roadcut for rerouting both Interstate 40 and the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway through the Bristol Mountains in southern California. This would have involved 22 nuclear explosives with yields from 20 to 200 kt to create an artificial valley two miles long and 100 m deep, moving about 68 million cubic yards of earth. The detonations were scheduled for early 1966; however, by this time the California Division of Highways had decided to begin excavation by conventional methods about one mile north of the original proposed route. [1]
This is but a snapshot of the highest-profile nuclear excavation plans that were given serious consideration under Plowshare. However, there were a multitude of proposals for a wide range of projects. The three-volume, six-year environmental field study completed in 2011 by Beck, Edwards, and King contains a short summary of each of these. [1]
The Death of Plowshare
Ultimately, environmental and technical concerns won out over the technological appeal of using nuclear explosives for peaceful purposes. Funding for the Plowshare program was finally halted in 1975. [1]
© Devon Powell. The author grants permission to copy, distribute and display this work in unaltered form, with attribution to the author, for noncommercial purposes only. All other rights, including commercial rights, are reserved to the author.
References
[1] C.M. Beck, S.R. Edwards, and M.L. King. "The Off-Site Plowshare and Vela Uniform Programs: Assessing Potential Environmental Liabilities Through an Examination Of Proposed Nuclear Projects, High Explosive Experiments, and High Explosive Construction Activities," U.S. Deparment of Energy, DOE/NV/26383-22, Vol. I, Vol. II, Vol. III, September 2011.
[2] "Rio Blanco, Colorado Site Fact Sheet," U.S. Department of Energy, 5 Oct 11.
[3] "Gasbuggy, New Mexico Site Fact Sheet," U.S. Department of Energy, 25 Apr 11.
[4] "Rulison, Colorado Site Fact Sheet," U.S. Department of Energy, 5 Oct 11.
[5] D. O'Neill, "Project Chariot: How Alaska Escaped Nuclear Excavation," Bull. Atomic Scientists 45, No. 10, 28 (1989).
[6] "Chariot, Alaska Site Fact Sheet," U.S. Department of Energy, 20 Aug 13.
[7] H. H. Zodtner, "An Investigation of the Feasibility of Building a Harbor on the West Coast of South America Using Explosive Power of Nuclear Weapons, a Preliminary Report," UCRL-ID-125513, 31 Dec 71.
[8] R. A. Miles, "Isthmus of Tehuantepec," UCRL-ID-126133, 25 Mar 58.
[9] C.P. Lindner, "Channel Stabilization: Interoceanic Sea-Level Canal, Lower Atrato River Portion, Route 25, Colombia, South America," US Army Corps of Engineers, October 1969.
[10] H.D. MacCabee, "Use of Nuclear Explosives for Excavation of a Sea-Level Canal Across the Negev Desert in Israel, Connecting the Mediterranean with the Gulf of Aqaba," UCRL-ID-124767, 1 Jul 63.
Members of the K-pop group 'Billion' walk to their car after visiting a stylist to prepare for a concert, in Seoul, June 10, 2014 (AFP Photo/Ed Jones)
Seoul (AFP) - "Time to get up girls!" The call comes at 6:00 am as it does every morning, pulling Ray from her bunk bed at the start of another 16-hour day in search of stardom.
Ray and the five other young women sharing a small Seoul apartment make up the K-pop band "A Billion" -- which at times can feel like the number of miles they are from achieving their goal.
K-pop glamour has conquered much of Asia and beyond, but for every headlining boy and girl band, there are many more like "A Billion" struggling for a break on the margins of South Korea's best-known cultural export.
And that means gruelling days packed with travelling, training, rehearsing, grooming and performing under the watchful eyes of record label minders who push an almost military-like dawn-to-dusk regimen.
The sacrifice is substantial. Holidays are rare, and most live with other band mates in dorm-like apartments provided by their agencies, who decide when they wake up, what they do, when and what they eat and when they go to bed.
"It's really not what it looks like on TV. You have to work incredibly hard just to make a debut," said Ray.
"We're extremely lucky to have made it this far," the 23-year-old rapper told AFP.
"This far" means a debut album released in March, nearly two years after the group was formed.
Even on a day without a booking, they wake up at six, work out for several hours and spend the rest of the day rehearsing dance steps and honing singing skills, with a 10 pm lights-out considered an early night.
- 'Bit groggy in the morning' -
"They usually go to bed after midnight, so you can see why they are a bit groggy in the morning," explained Lee Hyo-Jin, as she moved from bed to bed, gently but firmly enforcing the wake-up call.
Lee, 31, is one of a trio of managers running Billion's career and scheduling the daily lives of its members.
The band share two spartan bedrooms -- each with a bunk bed and a third mattress on the floor. There's a makeup cabinet and not much else.
A piece of paper pinned to the wall carries the hand-written message: "We'll make it! We'll be the best! We'll never get tired!"
There is little time for relationships and none of the six has a current boyfriend, while several say they haven't dated for years.
The only break is given for South Korea's two main holidays, the Lunar New Year and the Chuseok harvest festival, when they can visit their families.
- Missing family and home -
"The band literally is my second family," said Song-Yi, 22, a music major who took time out of college to join "A Billion".
"I miss my real family a lot but try to contain that feeling, because I need to focus on this right now," she said.
Fellow member Seul-Gi, 19, was just a high school junior when she was picked up by the agency.
Lee is a key figure in the life of the band members: a manager who is also a dorm matron, confidante, minder and peace-keeper.
She is responsible for keeping everyone on a strict diet of twice-daily meals -- consisting mainly of vegetables and fruits, along with small strips of chicken breast.
Looks are everything in the K-pop world -- for girl- and boy-bands -- and a set of scales squats permanently in the living room of the "A Billion" apartment.
"It's difficult, because I really like food. But it's necessary," says lead singer Betty, who sometimes stays awake at night sharing fantasies of favourite foods with her two roommates.
Betty, 21, is 1.6 metres (5ft 2in) tall and weighs 45 kilograms (99 pounds).
K-pop has been criticised for its production-line mentality, churning out similar-sounding, similar looking, similar-moving groups.
A Billion are managed by Move Entertainment which is a relative minnow in an industry dominated by three groups -- SM, YG and JYP -- who each employ a small army of producers, choreographers and stylists.
The hunt for talent is extremely competitive and the agencies start recruiting kids as young as 13.
- 'It's a survival tournament' -
Monthly tests are held to evaluate progress and determine who will earn a slot in a band -- a winnowing-out process that all the Billion members went through.
"It's a survival tournament where only the winners move onward," said A Billion's lead manager Park In-Seo.
"Launching a pop band is a large investment. You have to look after that," Park said.
There are only two weeks until the total solar eclipse of Aug. 21, 2017. If you're traveling into the path of totality, it's time to make sure your plans are in order.
The Aug. 21 total solar eclipse will sweep across the continental U.S., beginning in Oregon and ending in South Carolina. The last time an eclipse touched both American coasts was in 1918. Eclipse enthusiasts say this phenomenon is one of the most spectacular sights in nature. As a sort of celestial preview, the moon will pass through part of Earth's shadow in a partial lunar eclipse today (Aug. 7).
Skywatchers throughout the U.S. will be able to witness a partial solar eclipse on Aug. 21, when the moon covers less than 100 percent of the sun's disk. But only skywatchers inside the path of totality will see the incredible phenomenon of a total solar eclipse. Wherever you will be, it's a good idea to have solar viewing glasses on hand. Or, you can build your own pinhole camera to watch the moon's progress across the sun. [Where to See the 2017 Total Solar Eclipse, State by State]
During a total solar eclipse, the moon blocks out the disk of the sun. (Image: © NASA/GSFC/CI Lab)
You can use this interactive eclipse map to find out exactly where totality will be visible, as well as when totality will occur at different locations inside the path. Totality will last for less than 3 minutes depending on how close you are locatedto the center line, so make sure you are looking skyward at the right time!
If you plan on traveling to see totality, be aware that experts are expecting nightmarish traffic conditions. Plan for extra time to reach your destination. Many cities and towns along the path of totality are planning eclipse-related events that could cause additional traffic delays. Research your destination ahead of time to find out where to park and where to observe the eclipse.
The total solar eclipse on Aug. 21, 2017, will be visible on a path stretching from the U.S. West Coast all the way to the East Coast. (Image: © NASA)
Massive crowds are expected to converge on the path of totality, and members of the American Astronomical Society (AAS) Eclipse Task Force have suggested that people driving to the path of totality should have food, water and a full tank of gas, in case you find yourself stuck on a highway for an extended period. When you reach your destination, be aware of where you can find additional supplies, as well as bathroom facilities. People who live inside the path of totality may also want to stock up on basic supplies and gasoline.
Due to the somewhat unique nature of this event, hotel rooms in the path of totality are difficult to come by, and those that are still available are often very expensive. However, travelers may still be able to find campgrounds and RV parks inside the eclipse path with room to spare. Alternatively, travelers could consider renting a room or a private home through the website Airbnb.com.
Whatever your eclipse plans are, now is the time to solidify any travel plans and get your eclipse-viewing equipment. Don't miss this incredible opportunity!
Editor's note: Space.com has teamed up with Simulation Curriculum to offer this awesome Eclipse Safari app to help you enjoy your eclipse experience. The free app is available for Apple and Android, and you can view it on the web. If you take an amazing photo of the Aug. 21 solar eclipse, let us know! Send photos and comments to: spacephotos@space.com.
Follow Calla Cofield @callacofield. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Call it elevating Murder, Inc. to a higher level. A Washington Post Special Report discussed America's permanent war agenda.
It includes targeted killings, Obama's secret kill list, global drone wars, and White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan's new rules for war playbook.
Established in 2003, Washington's National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC) provides terrorist related information for America's intelligence community. Brennan initially ran the agency. It devised Washington's so-called “disposition matrix.”
If America had a motto it would be war is good, the more wars the better. How else can generals add stars and profiteers cash in big?
Human lives don't matter. Inviolable rule of law principles are trashed. Wealth, power and dominance alone matter. Imagine national policy wanting to destroy humanity to control it.
Democrat Obama has that in mind and more. Imagine what Romney's planning. Think about it November 6. Voting either major party ticket assures permanent wars, destroying social America, and cracking down hard on resisters.
On October 23, the Washington Post headlined “Plan for hunting terrorists signals US intends to keep adding names to kill lists,” saying:
Information came from “dozens of current and former national security officials, intelligence analysts and others….” Evolving US counterintelligence policies are examined. Two follow-up articles are planned.
US special forces death squads operate in 120 or more countries. CIA agents kill globally. US citizens may be targeted at home or abroad. No one anywhere is safe.
Summary judgment means rule of law principles don't apply. Last spring, Obama appointed himself judge, jury and executioner. Extrajudicial authority is official administration policy. Diktats decide who lives or dies.
Anyone can be targeted anywhere in the world for any reason or none at all. Obama usurped the power of life and death. He's got final kill list authority.
Policy prioritizes killing by drones, death squads, or other means. Only eliminating America's enemies matter. Whether real or imagined makes no difference.
Targeted victims are people who want to live free from America's imperium. Washington calls them terrorists. Names go on kill lists.
Those around him say killing comes easy to Obama. Waging war on Islam is policy. So is taken no prisoners. Counterterrorism is cover for wholesale or retail slaughter. Collateral deaths don't matter.
Post writer Greg Smith said for “the past two years, the Obama administration has been secretly developing a new blueprint for pursuing terrorists, a next-generation targeting list called the ‘disposition matrix.' ”
It contains names of terrorist suspects, covert plans to eliminate them, and in some cases sealed indictments. Officials interviewed said a “database (being compiled) is designed to go beyond existing kill lists, mapping plans for the ‘disposition' of suspects beyond the reach of American drones.”
Regardless of whether US wars continue or end, killing America's enemies remains policy. Suspects are guilty by accusation. Due process and judicial fairness are off the table. One unnamed official said:
“We can't possibly kill everyone who wants to harm us. It's a necessary part of what we do….We're not going to wind up in 10 years in a world of everybody holding hands and saying, ‘We love America.' ”
Smith didn't say plans are to make sure they don't. Peace and stability defeat America's imperium. Violence and instability are essential to advance it.
He also didn't expose Washington's bogus war on terror. At issue is inventing global enemies, waging wars against them, and destroying democratic freedoms in the process. At stake is unchallenged dominance no matter how many corpses it takes to achieve it.
Other omissions including failing to explain coverup is policy. So is aggressive killing in multiple theaters. Mostly civilians are killed. Populations are terrorized.
At most, only 2% of victims are high-level combatants. Drone attacks are the recruiting tool of choice for militants, and targeted killings violate fundamental international law.
Like his predecessor, Obama claims success. It's always in the eye of the beholder. Bin Laden's alleged killing is cited. No matter that he died naturally in December 2001. Even modern technology can't kill a dead man. Claiming it was staged hokum.
Big plans are being made. “White House counterterrorism adviser John O. Brennan is seeking to codify the administration's approach to generating capture/kill lists, part of a broader effort to guide future administrations through the counterterrorism processes that Obama has embraced.”
Strategies to eliminate America's enemies include “extradition requests, capture operations and drone patrols.” Summary executions are the method of choice. Why bother with protocol or other procedures when spy in the sky drones kill easily and quickly.
Operators in distant command centers work multiple monitors. They're far from targeted victims. They kill with precision at low cost. For them, remote control killing is like sport. No muss. No fuss. No bloodshed or shredded bodies to view. When work days end, they go home to dinner and relax. Imagine going to work each day for more killing.
The CIA wants many more drones in its fleet. The more available, the more theaters of operations for more targeted killings. Business is better than ever. No shortage of targets exist.
At the same time, counterterrorism experts say relying on them is “self-perpetuating.” Short-term gains obscure longer-term costs. According to former CIA analyst Bruce Riedel:
“The problem with the drone is it's like your lawn mower. You've got to mow the lawn all the time. The minute you stop mowing, the grass is going to grow back.”
In fact, the more enemies eliminated, the greater the number created. Nonetheless, Washington operates multiple drone programs. They include Pentagon and CIA ones. They're used for surveillance and killings. Expanded operations lie ahead.
Database information includes biographies of targeted subjects, their locations, known associates and affiliated organizations, as well as other relevant information.
Targeted victims, of course, are a closely kept secret. They can be anyone anywhere in the world. They can be ordinary people, distinguished ones, or officials. Their crime is opposing US imperialism.
Smith said “the creation of the matrix and the institutionalization of kill/capture lists reflect a shift that is as psychological as it is strategic.” He omitted explaining its lawlessness. He didn't say that no one can self-appoint themselves judge, jury, and executioner.
What's most important, media scoundrels suppress. Nonetheless, he covered a lot of important ground. It's up to readers to connect the dots. Few take the trouble to do it.
His article was five online pages long. Few seeing it go beyond page one. They'd have missed page four saying:
Kill list “names are submitted to a panel of National Security Council officials that is chaired by Brennan and includes the deputy directors of the CIA and the FBI, as well as top officials from the State Department, the Pentagon and the NCTC.”
Page five added:
“Obama approves the criteria for lists and signs off on drone strikes outside Pakistan, where decisions on when to fire are made by the director of the CIA.”
By presidential diktat, he can order anyone killed anywhere, including US citizens.
“For an administration that is the first to embrace targeted killing on a wide scale, officials seem confident that they have devised an approach that is so bureaucratically, legally and morally sound that future administrations will follow suit.”
It's shocking that officials anywhere feel this way. It's worse in one calling itself a democracy.
A Final Comment
On October 24, ACLU‘s National Security Project director Hina Shamsi said:
“Anyone who thought US targeted killing outside of armed conflict was a narrow, emergency-based exception to the requirement of due process before a death sentence is being proven conclusively wrong.”
“The danger of dispensing with due process is obvious because without it, we cannot be assured that the people in the government's death database truly present a concrete, imminent threat to the country.”
“What we do know is that tragic mistakes have been made, hundreds of civilian bystanders have died, and our government has even killed a 16-year-old U.S. citizen without acknowledging let alone explaining his death.”
“A bureaucratized paramilitary killing program that targets people far from any battlefield is not just unlawful, it will create more enemies than it kills.”
ACLU has two outstanding lawsuits to enforce FOIA requests for targeted killing information. Another filed jointly with the Center for Constitutional Rights challenges its constitutionality.
ACLU Deputy Legal Director Jameel Jaffer said:
“It has become the norm for government officials to disclose cherry-picked information about ostensibly classified programs while insisting to the courts that the programs are too secret to be discussed or defended in court.”
“This practice deprives the public of complete and accurate information about important government policies, compromises the integrity of the classification system and suggests a disturbing contempt for the judicial process. The courts should reject the government's effort to transform FOIA into a dead letter.”
Washington proves itself morally and politically bankrupt multiple ways. Perhaps enough Americans one day will decide they'll no longer let policies this monstrous persist. They'll have to for anything to change. They better or their futures are grim.
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at [email protected]
His new book is titled “How Wall Street Fleeces America: Privatized Banking, Government Collusion and Class War”
http://www.claritypress.com/Lendman.html
Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com and listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network Thursdays at 10AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon. All programs are archived for easy listening.
http://www.progressiveradionetwork.com/the-progressive-news-hour
Buy Photo Police investigate a shooting outside of Small Athletic Field on Friday, Sept. 9, 2016, in York City. The shooting, which happened during the fourth quarter of a football game between William Penn and J.P. McCaskey is still under investigation. Amanda J. Cain photo (Photo: The York Dispatch )Buy Photo
The first home football game of William Penn High School was the scene of a lockdown after two adult males were shot in the parking lot outside the stadium Friday night, according to a school official.
York City Police officers were dispatched to Small Athletic Field at 9:34 p.m. for a reported shooting, according to a department news release.
The officers found two victims — Darius Allen, 23, of York City, and Antwan Jackson, 20, of the York area, police said. Allen was struck once in the abdomen and Jackson was struck once in the back.
The shootings were the result of a verbal dispute that started inside the stadium during the game and continued outside the stadium after the participants were removed by York City School Police officers, according to York City Police.
Allen was listed in critical condition and Jackson was listed in stable condition, according to the release.
York City Police ask anyone with information about the incident to call the department at (717) 846-1234 or text tips to 847-411.
The shootings happened while the William Penn High School football team was playing J.P. McCaskey, according to York City School District Superintendent Eric Holmes.
He said as soon as there was a reported shooting, York City School District Police placed the stadium on lockdown as protocol.
"No one was allowed out and no one was allowed in," Holmes said.
The lockdown lasted about 20 minutes before York City Police could give clearance to let people out. More than 1,000 people at the game were not allowed to leave. The superintendent said there were about 20 people on security from the district at the game.
Holmes said the shootings were reported in toward the end of the fourth quarter of the game. The game was suspended. Holmes said authorities will be reviewing security footage from the parking lot as part of their investigation.
During that time of the lockdown, a voice over the loudspeaker could be heard addressing the people in the stadium, saying there was police activity in the parking lot.
Inside the parking lot officers had sectioned off a large area for investigation. Police from several municipalities, including Hellam Township, Northeastern Regional Police, West Manchester Township Police, and state police, were assisting at the scene. Police could be seen on North George Street as well.
Once the lockdown was over, people flocked out to the lot to get in their cars and leave.
Police have sectioned off an area of the parking lot at smalls field pic.twitter.com/jfcwC4N9Ud — Chris Dornblaser (@YDDornblaser) September 10, 2016
Ron Millirne, of Lancaster, was one of the unlucky few whose car was stuck within the police investigation area. Millirne said he saw both teams running, and heard someone yell to get down.
"I got down real quick," he said.
Millirne was there watching J.P. McCaskey.
"It's definitely rattling," he said.
Brittany Mann, of Harrisburg, was at the game watching her brother play for William Penn. Like Millirne, her car was stuck in a behind police tape. Her red sedan had damage from the shooting in between the front and back passenger side doors. When everyone else was leaving, she had to stay behind until police finished investigating.
Mann said she was at the snack stand of the field when she saw the teams start running toward the bleachers, and she joined in.
"When one person runs, everybody runs," she said.
Mann said authorities spoke over the loudspeakers during the lockdown, and told them the incident had not happened in the stadium.
Mann, who grew up in the city, had not seen anything to this extent beore.
"This is the first time this ever happened here," she said.
Read or Share this story: https://www.yorkdispatch.com/story/news/2016/09/09/breaking-shooting-small-athletic-field/90158926/
10 /10
A documentary is only as good as its subject matter, and Mea Maxima Culpa: Silence in the House of God is a phenomenal examination and magnification of sexual abuse in the Catholic church, specifically at the St. John's School for the Deaf in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The film interviews four deaf adults who claim to be molested by Father Lawrence Murphy when they were young, and continued to be molested until they graduated from high school. They've kept quiet until now, apparently.
When Terry Kohut, Gary Smith, Pat Kuehn, and Arthur Budzinski first arrived at St. John's, they marveled at the delicate, castle-like infrastructure and beautiful statues of Jesus Christ that stood proudly in the yard. They met the likes of several schoolboys their same age, made friendships, became close to the nuns, and even enjoyed the company of their priest, Father Lawrence Murphy. The men reflect on how they strove to meet Murphy's standards and tried ever so hard not to disappoint or upset him.
Then the unthinkable happened; all four men, at separate times, were lured into Murphy's office and were told to either unclothe themselves or pleasure themselves in the presence of Murphy himself. The boys cooperated, as good Catholic children so often do, and immediately knew something wasn't right. Later on, they saw him molesting other boys, entering their bedrooms at all hours of the night and molesting them while they lay in bed. We're told that Murphy specifically singled out kids whose parents couldn't sign so they couldn't communicate with them and tell them what happened. Many of the children, when they received visitors from family, had to communicate through Murphy, so no word was ever even spoken about it.
Even when the children sucked up the gumption to tell their parents, they didn't listen. Many thought of priests/popes as aesthetically and morally "perfect." They were the men of the Lord and how could they dare commit the atrocity that is child molestation? This went on for many years, as Murphy continued to molest deaf children and those already ill-equipped of formal communication. The boys had to find ways to tell people on the outside the horrors that went on in St. John's and actually made "Wanted" posters for Father Murphy, urging he was a "serial child molester" and needed to be stopped. Such courage from children should be admired, not silenced.
After about fifty minutes of exploring the horrors in St. John's, director Alex Gibney shifts the focus to molestation and sexual abuse in The Vatican, and how the broken laws of the monumental church say that a priest convicted of molestation must be removed from his site, "rehabilitated," then sent back into another community perhaps having not learned a single thing. It explores how Pope John Paul II and Pope Benedict XVI's involvement with the questions raised about priest molestation and how the legislation should be adjusted or kept the same.
The facts brought forth in Mea Maxima Culpa (which, in English, means "My most grievous fault") are appalling and disturbing. It was news to me that after being convicted of molestation, Cardinal Bernard Law was sent to another division of The Vatican, where he resided in a luxurious and illuminating palace. Is this what we show people what happens when you harm and endanger children? Even commentary on the issues by Popes shows they are more concerned about the well-being of the priests than the actual victims of the tragedy. The first statement they make is how they are horribly ashamed of the man committing the atrocities, rather than the young, corrupted youth who were on the receiving end. It becomes depressingly clear that they are more concerned about the church's name and well-being than the thousands affected by this.
Alex Gibney, who also narrates the picture, is one of the smartest and most prolific documentarians working today. His Oscar-winning feature, Taxi to the Dark Side, exposed the Bush administration's acts of torture in the ongoing "War on Terror." His film The Last Gladiators details the lives of hockey enforcers that put their lives and safety on the line in order to protect the team as a whole. His newest feature, We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks, magnifies the controversial event of Julian Assange's website that is known for leaking confidential documents of the U.S. Government. Gibney is not just a brave soul, but one that does the job Frederick Wiseman would continue to do if he was younger. That job is exposing shady institutions and reading between the headlines in order to formulate a compelling feature. He is one of the smartest - if not, the smartest - documentary filmmaker in the business today.
Lisa Rinzler's cinematography is akin to that of a horror movie revolving around the church and The Vatican. Reenactments of events are always shown in shadow, with a disturbingly bleak layer of black covering most of the screen, the interviews with the four men are conducted behind a pitch black backdrop, with light shining on their torso-area in one of the most stylistic approaches to an interview I've ever seen. The whole film has an eerie vibe, especially for a documentary about something as allegedly innocent as the church. From a stylistic/aesthetic standpoint, the picture is beautiful in its depiction of the terrible.
If anything, we can say that we as a society have greatly moved past the senseless, empty-headed "godlike" worship of priests and popes, and are aware that many priests' actions have led to children having incomprehensible problems and lasting trauma due to sexual abuse and torment. Mea Maxima Culpa may inspire sickness, outrage, hatred, and condemnation towards the Catholic Church in The Vatican but, most importantly, now we know more about this issue and we must try to repair it. All it took were a countless amount of unfortunate children and a brazen documentary.
The Ultimate Fighting Championship is ever expanding in terms of global popularity. Countries such as China, South Korea, Mexico and France which never had fighters competing at such a high level are now cranking out prospects. Now, you can add India to that list. Despite being one of the largest countries in the world population-wise, India has never produced a native UFC fighter… until now that is!
The UFC announced Saturday morning that Brave CF bantamweight prospect “Daring” Bharat Khandare (5-2) has signed with the promotion and will square off with fellow debutant Pingyuan Liu (12-4) at UFC Fight Night: Shanghai on November 25th.
Khandare was on a five fight finishing streak prior to dropping his last fight against Ahmed Faress at Brave CF 5 this past April. His opponent, Pinguyan Liu, is riding a seven fight win streak going into the clash with Khandare. Liu most recently competed for the WLF W.A.R.S. promotion, defeating Nikolai Baikin by submission this past March.
While Khandare will be the first India-born fighter in UFC history, he will not be the first fighter representing the country. Canadian-Indian UFC heavyweight Arjan Bhullar made his promotional debut at UFC 215 this past September, becoming the first fighter of Indian decent to make the walk to the world famous octagon.
UFC Fight Night: Shanghai takes place November 25th from the Mercedes-Benz Arena in Shanghai, China. The card marks the first UFC event held on mainland China and will air live on UFC Fight Pass in the United States. The card is currently headliner by former UFC Middleweight Champion Anderson Silva and top UFC middleweight contender Kelvin Gastelum. Stay tuned to MMA Today for all of the latest news, updates and announcements concerning UFC Fight Night: Shanghai!
A day after we learned of a draining turf battle between the NSA and other law enforcement agencies over bulk surveillance data, it now appears that those same agencies are working together to cover up when those data get shared.
The Drug Enforcement Administration has been the recipient of multiple tips from the NSA. DEA officials in a highly secret office called the Special Operations Division are assigned to handle these incoming tips, according to Reuters. Tips from the NSA are added to a DEA database that includes "intelligence intercepts, wiretaps, informants and a massive database of telephone records." This is problematic because it appears to break down the barrier between foreign counterterrorism investigations and ordinary domestic criminal investigations.
Because the SOD's work is classified, DEA cases that began as NSA leads can't be seen to have originated from a NSA source.
So what does the DEA do? It makes up the story of how the agency really came to the case in a process known as "parallel construction." Reuters explains:
Some defense lawyers and former prosecutors said that using "parallel construction" may be legal to establish probable cause for an arrest. But they said employing the practice as a means of disguising how an investigation began may violate pretrial discovery rules by burying evidence that could prove useful to criminal defendants.
The report makes no explicit connection between the DEA and the earlier NSA bulk phone surveillance uncovered by former Booz Allen Hamilton contractor Edward Snowden. In other words, we don't know for sure if the DEA's Special Operations Division is getting its tips from the same database that's been the subject of multiple congressional hearings in recent months. We just know that a special outfit within DEA sometimes gets tips from the NSA.
There's another reason the DEA would rather not admit the involvement of NSA data in its investigations: It might lead to a constitutional challenge to the very law that gave rise to the evidence.
Earlier this year, a federal court said that if law enforcement agencies wanted to use NSA information in court, they had to say so beforehand and give the defendant a chance to contest the legality of the surveillance. Lawyers for Adel Daoud, who was arrested in a federal sting operation and charged with trying to detonate a bomb, suspect that Daoud was identified using NSA information but was never told.
Surveys show most people support the NSA's bulk surveillance program strongly when the words "terrorism" or "courts" are included in the question. When pollsters draw no connection with terrorism, support tends to wane. What will happen when the question makes clear that the intelligence not only isn't being used for terrorism investigations against foreign agents, but is actively being applied to criminal investigations against Americans?
Read more:
FAQs: What you need to know about the NSA and Edward Snowden
Correction: This piece originally described the information provided to the DEA as "Section 702 phone records," but the Reuters report doesn't specifically identify the type of information shared. The article has been edited accordingly.
With a wave of curved phones and other gadgets on the way, batteries will inevitably need to follow the same trend. So LG has decided to get a head start; its LG Chem division has already put curved batteries into mass production. The batteries — a perfect match for the company's curved displays – will be used to power LG's next-generation smartphone lineup, according to a press release issued today. LG Chem also hopes to have the curved battery in other phones, watches, and glasses. The company says it owns an exclusive patent of "Stack & Folding" technology which reduces stress on curved battery designs.
LG is also trumpeting other battery advancements its made of late, including the "stepped battery" seen in its flagship G2; this combines two batteries in a step-like design that takes maximum advantage of space within a given device. Looking ahead to the future, LG Chem says it has what it calls a "cable battery" that's a few years from production. The company says this design is perfect for wearables, as it can be contorted and even tied into a knot.
Deemed by critics to be the most efficient ways to separate disgusting vegetables and legumes from more enjoyable parts of the meal, on Sunday 17 of December, right in time for festivities, the well-known kitchen and home equipment brand Pyrex introduced its newest addition to its line of kitchenware aimed specifically at the white middle-class American child. The optimized plate has already been registered at the patent office and is esteemed to be one of the biggest breakthroughs in innovation for the past century, with its main feature being what the CEO described as a “slightly elevated divider along the middle of the plate”
“I like broccoli but my friends don't so I don't eat broccoli” -a spineless teenager, subject to peer pressure
“I am severely allergic to vegetables and this new technology is actually a lifesaver!” -A woman that is definitely not allergic to vegetables. Just obese.
“My mom says runny overcooked veggies are the reason daddy left” -Katie,5.
The high-performance product, despite the praise it has gathered through social media and fora, as well as getting its own hashtag #TheWall and #MakePlateGreatAgain, has also managed to stir up controversy, as people support the belief that such a separation of food groups is “unethical and wrong”, making references to a new kind of apartheid.
The CEO of Pyrex, amidst the backlash his revolutionary invention has created, made it known that he intends to continue stirring the pot, a statement that is thought to hint at a self-stirring saucepan as a possible addition to his series of equipment.
Advertisements
Ben Gordon (Photo11: KIRTHMON F. DOZIER, Detroit Free Press)
Former NBA player Ben Gordon was arrested Thursday morning, according to online jail records.
Gordon, 34, was taken into custody by Los Angeles police at 7:10 a.m. local time and he remained in jail with his bail set at $5,000 as of Thursday afternoon. TMZ reported that Los Angeles police and firefighters responded to Gordon's apartment complex after he allegedly pulled several fire alarms.
An LAPD spokesperson told USA TODAY Sports details were not yet available on the arrest.
Gordon played in the NBA for 11 seasons, the first five with the Chicago Bulls, where he won the NBA's Sixth Man of the Year award as a rookie. He last played for the Orlando Magic during the 2014-15 season. Gordon, a native of London, attended the University of Connecticut.
MTV True Life: Transgender Teens change their minds as adults April 5, 2013
Male transgender teen ‘Daniella'
“ I saw the breasts and I saw the long hair and I thought, like, that's what I wanted.” – Jait Jr., former transgender teen now a gay man trying to undo the damage to his body done by hormones and silicone.
“ I'm always walking around with a secret”.
Former transgender teen ‘Daniella' 24, after detransition
MTV “True Life” runs a segment on transgender teens- one male, one female, now forced to undo the damage as they grow up and change their mind about believing they should medically alter their bodies into looking like the opposite sex. “I'm questioning my gender again”- Full episode here:
The incredible sexism of their home environments (“Boys who play with Barbie must be girls”) is astounding and illuminates some of the cultural forces driving the “transgender children” trend. Both of these former trans teens were fully supported into transitioning by their families, and both families cautioned the (now young adult) transgenders against switching back.
Female transgender teen ‘Anthony'
“ This is what I was afraid of. They don't get it. They feel like I'm not being true to myself. I don't know… I just feel like they think that I'm making a mistake.”- Jait Jr on his family's lack of support for his de-transition.
“ Right now I just want to shave off all my hair and be a man so that's what I'm going to do”- Jait Jr, formerly “Daniella”.
“ Detransitioning is what is going to make me happy”- Jait Jr.
Former transgender teen ‘Anthony' 22, after detransition
“ Growing up, I never really felt super-girly and I couldn't put my finger on why.” -Amanda, former teen transgender “Anthony” now quitting testosterone and undergoing electrolysis to remove her beard.
“ I guess my biggest fear is that right now I've got it all figured out but that I'm going to get confused again and not know what I'm doing or who I am. Forever.”- Amanda
“ I just hope that this is the last transition I make. I don't want to keep doing this”. -Amanda
“ I hope I'm done with gender related surgeries for good this time”.- Jait Jr.
“ I guess I kind of feel reborn”.- Jait Jr.
“ I haven't felt this comfortable in a while”. -Jait Jr.
A risk assessment from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) in Stockholm, an EU agency tasked with monitoring diseases, has found that the E. coli outbreak in Germany is one of the most severe worldwide.
More than 1,000 people in Germany have been infected with a rare strain of E. coli, which can cause haemolytic-uremic syndrome (HUS), an illness that can lead to acute kidney failure and cannot be treated with antibiotics.
Ten people have already died of the disease in the recent outbreak.
The ECDC noted that E. coli infections normally affect children, but that in this recent outbreak, it was mainly adults, and women in particular, who fell ill.
Raw vegetable warning
Germans have been advised not to eat raw vegetables, such as tomatoes, cucumbers and lettuce.
"As long as the experts in Germany and Spain have not found the definitive source of the bacteria, we have to stick with our warnings against raw vegetables," Consumer Protection Minister Ilse Aigner told the Bild am Sonntag newspaper.
Spanish cucumbers are thought to be the source of the bacteria
On Friday, the European Commission said that two Spanish farms in Malaga and Almeria had been shut down after German experts identified Spanish cucumbers as the source of the E. coli bacteria.
But on Saturday, the Spanish authorities denied that the two farms had been closed temporarily. The regional health ministry of the Spanish region of Andalusia said that water, soil and cucumber samples from the farms were being analyzed, but that the shipping of produce had not been halted.
There have been no reported cases of E. coli in Spain and the authorities say it is by no means certain that the bacteria originated there.
The issue, which has threatened to cause a rift between Germany and Spain, will be on the agenda when EU agriculture ministers gather for a three-day meeting in the Hungarian town of Debrecen from Sunday.
Author: Nicole Goebel (dpa, Reuters, AFP)
Editor: Kyle James
Most of us are taught from a young age that revenge is wrong, and it's better to turn the other cheek. But far from condemning vengeance as something we must learn to overcome, Fordham University law professor Thane Rosenbaum argues in his radical new book, Payback: The Case for Revenge, that the desire to get even is an indelible part of our nature, and that it's nothing to be ashamed of. In fact, he says, we'd all be better off if society makes a place for revenge in our legal system, accepting it as an integral part of justice. Using examples from history, mythology, popular culture and recent events—such as the widely-celebrated killing of Osama bin Laden—Rosenbaum asks us to “give revenge a chance.”
Doesn't an eye for an eye leave the whole world blind? Won't we have a more peaceful society if we abstain from seeking vengeance?
To me, there's a greater moral outrage in not taking an eye for an eye, or in taking less than an eye for an eye. It's the moral outrage that comes when people feel they can get away with something. We've been taught that vengeance is an artifact of our primitive past. But there is no justice unless people feel avenged. Criminals and wrongdoers should be made to pay back what is owed.
If revenge is natural and right, how did we get to the point where society considers it barbaric and primitive?
There's a fear of revenge run amok, like when we hear of the Hatfields and the McCoys, where there's been so much tit for tat and doubling down on tit for tat that nobody knows how to stop it. But I think a blood feud is different from vengeance, because vengeance by definition is proportionate.
Your book focuses mainly on changing our legal system, and you write that courts need to provide “permissible, legal pathways” for vengeance. What would that look like in practice?
In the United States, our legal system says, “Don't take anything personally. You are merely a witness on behalf of the state.” It doesn't allow victims to speak honestly about the harms committed against them. And it doesn't let them have the necessary biological, psychological and moral imperative of an emotional release. Victims should be part of the suit, rather than calling it People vs. Jones. Victims should be participating in the prosecution, they should be able to speak—and not just at the sentencing hearing, they should speak during the part of the trial that deals with guilt itself.
I also raise the possibility of a victim veto, where if the state enters into a plea bargain that is insufficient in the mind of the victim or the victim's family, they can say, “Judge, I can't live with that. This person killed my daughter. I can't possibly go home and think this is appropriate,” and prevent the bargain from taking place.
Why isn't it enough to give victims or their families a chance to speak before a convicted criminal is sentenced, as we sometimes do today? Doesn't including them in the part of the trial meant to determine guilt risk prejudicing the jury against a defendant who is presumed innocent?
The burden is still on the state and the victim to get the right person. And we already do engage victims as witnesses in the guilt phase. It's not as if they aren't a part of the process, it's just that we don't let them speak to the jury, and they become voiceless. But I want the victim involved. Be a face we can see!
A Thane Rosenbaum courtroom is a much messier courtroom—it's emotionally open. It's not as clipped and canned and sanitized. It gives people an opportunity to express their grief, their loss, to speak to their pain. We don't do that now. What I'm talking about is a much more tearful expression of justice. It's much more honest; it's therapeutic. There's something very powerful in standing before your community and speaking to your loss.
That might not be consistent with provisions in the Bill of Rights that protect the accused, like the Sixth Amendment's requirement that a jury be impartial, and that a defendant be allowed to cross-examine anyone who testifies against him. Would you amend the Constitution to protect victims' rights as well?
Our Bill of Rights is set up to address the needs of the accused, but we've completely renounced any obligation to worry about victims' rights. The Fourth, Fifth, and, most especially, Sixth Amendments are completely designed to protect the accused. No such reciprocal amendment protects victims, and any such amendment might conflict to some degree with this other three. But what if there were a Sixth Amendment subsection which read, “Notwithstanding all the rights just enumerated in favor of the accused, crime victims also have the right to confront witnesses, to participate in trial proceedings, to have their own counsel representing them at criminal trials, to participate in both the guilt and sentencing phases of criminal trials, and to exercise a victim veto.” You want to truly put an end to vigilante justice? The above language would probably go a long way toward accomplishing it.
You write a lot about murder and its impact on victims' families. Do you believe the death penalty is an appropriate way to help survivors feel avenged? What sorts of punishments are fair for the most heinous crimes?
I only feel strongly about the death penalty when we're talking about the worst of the worst. I'm not saying the death penalty or life in prison without parole can ever redress the harms that were committed. But I do know that to under-punish, to shortchange, is a kind of moral violation that we should find intolerable. I write about the woman in Iran who was blinded by a classmate, with acid thrown in her face. Originally the sentence was that a doctor would put acid in the eyes of the person who did that—truly an eye for an eye. This woman has been blinded and disfigured for the rest of her life, and why should the other person not experience the same thing? In the end, both the court and she decided not to go through with that remedy. Some people were relieved. But I think it at least sends a message that she was entitled to that.
The Iran case prompted international outrage. Would you like to see judges in the United States imposing such sentences as well?
I'm in favor of leaving options available to allow judges to impose punishments that more closely approximate the injury and violence that the wrongdoer committed. Judges should be mindful of what the victim needs to see happen in order to feel avenged.
How do we prevent judges from meting out “cruel and unusual punishment”?
If the principles of the Constitution applied equally to protect victims as much as the accused, I would say that it is “cruel and unusual punishment” to deny victims the right to experience the reclaiming of honor that comes with punishing those who have done them harm. The judge, of course, is in the best position to reduce or limit the victim's request, because the victim might be asking for a disproportionate punishment.
As you note throughout the book, our justice system sometimes fails to punish wrongdoers all together. Do you believe we ever have a right to enact our own vengeance?
I'm not arguing that people should engage in self-help. I call for the legal system to do it right and to take certain precautions to recognize what happens when the system does it wrong. The transaction costs are tricky when individuals go about it. You could always get the wrong person.
If the legal system fails, which it often does, and individuals can't live with the outcome, and they have to take justice into their own hands, we should at least recognize what it was, instead of treating it like a separate crime. In the book, I mentioned a case in Rhode Island, the father whose 5-year-old son was killed and eaten by a pedophile, Michael Woodmansee. Woodmansee got a 40-year plea bargain, and he got out in 28 years. The media spoke to the father and he said, “If this man is released in my vicinity, I do intend to kill him.” Many people reacted with outrage. But how can we not sympathize?
If a father killed his child's murderer, how should the legal system treat him?
We need a revenge statue that would say, “This crime took place wholly in the context of a justified retaliation,” in the same way that we permit self-defense. This isn't premeditated murder; it's something like manslaughter. I would always give the legal system the first chance, but if something like this were to happen, we should understand it in the context of a justified revenge.
You write about the place of revenge in “the moral universe.” From where do you derive your understanding of morality?
It's not religious. There are some things that are just right and wrong. It's better to tell the truth than to lie. It's better to treat people with kindness than to harm them. I don't accept a moral relativism there. Similarly, there is a kind of moral absolutism when people who are guilty of something are sufficiently punished. There's a chapter on science in the book, and all the recent research is without any question: we are wired for justice and fairness and retaliation. We respond to justified retaliation with a sense of relief, of satisfaction. Certain sectors of the brain light up when a person receives his due.
You're obviously very passionate about this. Have you ever been the victim of a crime?
No. Aside from the fact that my parents were Holocaust survivors, I've lived a very charmed life.
You don't think your parents' experience has anything to do with your feelings of moral outrage when people get away with murder?
No. They died when I was very young. This isn't personal to me, this just makes sense. The human experience means something to me. I don't like the antiseptic way in which we think the law is supposed to deal with individuals. People come to the law when they're at their most vulnerable, their most emotional, their most morally injured. We have to respond to them at that level. Vengeance has a purpose. It has an emotional purpose, a moral purpose, a therapeutic purpose. Why can't we just be honest about it?
On Tuesday night, as Arsenal hosted Bayern Munich, their young right back Hector Bellerin would have looked back at his last memories of playing against the German opposition, and not too fondly. When Arsenal visited the Westfalenstadion to take on Borussia Dortmund, Bellerin had a nightmare of a game, still early on in his Arsenal career.
It seemed to be a similar performance last night, as Douglas Costa tore into him time and again, turning him inside out on more than one occasion for most of the first half. The second half was an improvement, with the young Spaniard keeping a 100% passing accuracy and making 3 interceptions. But the moment that defined why he was kept at the club ahead of the more experienced Carl Jenkinson, and why he has kept Mathieu Debuchy on the bench came late on in the 90th minute of the game.
Having played 90 minutes of what was probably the most exhausting match of the season for Arsenal, the 20-year-old sprinted on to a slightly overhit pass, snatching the ball from Juan Bernat, before flying past another Bayern defender before squaring it for Mesut Ozil to make it 2-0 for Arsenal. This pace, attacking intent and most importantly his determination and commitment to make life hard for his opposition, even in the dying embers of the game, is what defines Hector Bellerin as a player.
Arsenal fans were left surprised when, after Bacary Sagna's departure in the summer of 2014, Carl Jenkinson was also loaned out. Mathieu Debuchy had signed from Newcastle and was bound to be the first choice right back but Jenkinson surely had to be second choice given no one else was signed. Bellerin had just returned from an impressive loan spell at Watford, but hadn't played at the top level and when he was retained as the backup to Debuchy, it didn't convince many.
Injuries to Debuchy saw Bellerin getting a handful of starts, and the former La Masia starlet made a slow start to his Arsenal career. But slowly and steadily, he set about solidifying his place on the right hand side of the Arsenal defence, as the 2014-15 season also saw another Spaniard win his place as a fullback, with Nacho Monreal impressing immensely at left back.
Having started out as a winger, his attacking instinct was there for all to see, as he grabbed his first goal for Arsenal against Aston Villa in a 5-0 win, with a neat finish from outside the box. But the moment which really marked his arrival for Arsenal was his opener against Liverpool at the Emirates. Receiving the ball on the edge of the box, he turned the opposition full back, before curling a beautiful shot into the back of the net. Arsenal won the match 4-1, but the skill and composure shown by the Spaniard was much more than what you would expect from a young fullback.
This season, he has looked more solid defensively, while being a major attacking force. One reason why Arsenal have been able to score goals more freely this year is that they have two fullbacks who are genuine threats with their crossing and movement in general. Bellerin has been key to that, having now created 11 clear-cut chances, which according to stats is the highest number of chances created by any player in the top 5 leagues in Europe.
He matches his blistering pace with accurate crosses and intelligent movement, making him a deadly threat on the right hand side for Arsenal. Aaron Ramsey is the preferred player on the right hand side for Arsene Wenger and Bellerin has formed an impressive partnership with the Welshman, linking up with ease. Bellerin's beautiful run and assist for Ramsey's first goal of the season against his former loan club Watford is a testament to their partnership.
He recently indicated that he is happy to stay at Arsenal, even though there is sure to be an interest in the young Spaniard as his performances keep getting better with each match. And he seems to be grounded and determined to only get better. He has had some bad performances, but they have been few and far between. Playing with consistency, commitment and confidence, Bellerin is proving to be another beautiful gem unearthed by Arsene Wenger.
Experiments investigating timing behaviour in humans under conditions where body temperature was raised or (much more rarely) lowered, dating from 1927 to 1993, were reviewed. These tested the hypothesis that humans possess a temperature-sensitive chemical or biological internal clock. Most studies used conditions in which subjects produced or estimated durations less than 100 sec long, probably using chronometric counting, but other experimental paradigms were sometimes employed. Data from each study were expressed in a uniform fashion, as plots of changes in the rate of subjective time (estimated from changes in timing behaviour) against changes in body temperature. In almost all cases, rate of subjective time increased when body temperature increased above normal, and decreased when body temperature was lowered below normal, although observations of the latter type were rare. The data also suggested a parametric effect of body temperature, with higher temperatures generally producing faster subjective time. Some possible mechanisms for the effects obtained were discussed, with the most promising explanation probably being that the temperature manipulation produces changes in arousal.
Using home-stitched parachute and equipment found on Craigslist, two 17-year-olds send Lego-naut 80,000ft into the air
Two Canadian teenagers have sent a Lego man into the outer reaches of the Earth's atmosphere using a home-stitched parachute and equipment found on Craigslist.
Two weeks ago, Mathew Ho and Asad Muhammad, both 17, attached the plastic figurine replete with maple leaf flag to a helium balloon, which they sent 80,000 feet into the air.
The pair managed to capture the entire journey into the blackness of space, including the descent, which lasted 97 minutes, using four cameras, at an entire cost of just £254.
Spending four months of Saturdays on the project, the teenagers launched the professionally made weather balloon from a football pitch. It then soared to more than double the height of a commercial jet's cruising altitude – some 24km into the upper atmosphere from where the Earth's curvature can be seen.
Having attached a GPS receiver to the styrofoam box carrying the cameras and Lego-naut, the two managed to recover the bundle attached to a hand-stitched parachute from a field 122km from the launch site.
According to the Toronto star, which broke the story, the two met in middle school after Muhammad's family had just emigrated from Pakistan. Muhammad, who spoke no English, was soon befriended by Ho and they began working on the project at Ho's house last September.
"People would walk into the house and see us building this fantastical thing with a parachute from scratch, and they would be like, 'What are you doing?'" says Ho. "We'd be like, 'We're sending cameras to space.' They'd be like, 'Oh, okayyyyy …'" he said.
Astrophysics professor Dr Michael Reid, from the University of Toronto, praised the boys, saying: "It shows a tremendous degree of resourcefulness. For two 17-year-olds to accomplish this on their own is pretty impressive."
Lego sent a note of congratulations. "We are always amazed by the creative ways in which Lego fans use our products, and humbled by how many unsuspecting places we appear, like attached to a helium balloon in … space," said the company's brand relations director, Michael McNally.
Alex Grey's “Psychic Energy System” (1980). Acrylic on linen. Collection of the artist. (Alex Grey)
While it may sound like something straight out of a sci-fi film, the U.S. intelligence community is considering “human augmentation” and its possible implications for national security.
As described in the National Intelligence Council's 2012 long-term strategic analysis document — the fifth report of its kind — human augmentation is seen as a “game-changer.” The report detailed the potential benefits of brain-machine interfaces and neuro-enhancements, noting that “moral and ethical challenges . . . are inevitable.”
The NIC analysts aren't the only ones following the rapid growth of technology. Today there is an entire movement, called transhumanism, dedicated to promoting the use of technological advancements to enhance our physical, intellectual and psychological capabilities, ultimately transcending the limitations of the human condition. Its proponents claim that within the next several decades, living well beyond the age of 100 will be an achievable goal.
Coined by biologist and eugenicist Julian Huxley (brother of author Aldous Huxley) in 1957, transhumanism remained the the terrain of science fiction authors and fringe philosophers for the better part of the 20th century. The movement gained broader interest as science advanced, leaping forward in credibility in the 1990s with the invention of the World Wide Web, the sequencing of the human genome and the exponential growth of computing power.
New technologies continue to push the limits of life. CRISPR enables scientists to alter specific genes in an organism and make those changes heritable, but the advancement is so recent that regulation is still up for debate. Meanwhile, participants in the “body-hacking” movement are implanting RFID microchips and magnets into their bodies to better take advantage of potentially life-enhancing technology. (Some claim, not unfairly, that these modifications aren't so different from much more accepted technologies such as pacemakers and intrauterine devices). Just last week, in a closed-door meeting at Harvard University, a group of nearly 150 scientists and futurists discussed a project to synthesize the human genome, potentially making it possible to create humans with certain kinds of predetermined traits.
Transhumanism, in its most extreme manifestation, is reflective of an increasingly pervasive and influential school of thought: that all problems can and should be solved with the right combination of invention, entrepreneurship and resource allocation. The movement has its critics. Techno-utopianism is often described as the religion of Silicon Valley, in no small part because tech moguls are often the only ones with the resources to pursue it, and the only ones who stand to benefit in the near term.
As the solutions that transhumanists champion slowly enter the market, high prices leave them far out of reach for the typical consumer. Even today, the ability to make use of neuro-enhancing drugs and genetic screening for embryos greatly depends on whether one can afford them. If the benefits of human enhancement accrue only to the upper classes, it seems likely that inequality will be entrenched in ways deeper than just wealth, fundamentally challenging our egalitarian ideals.
And for many religious and philosophical opponents, transhumanism appears at its core to be an anti-human movement. Rather than seeking to improve the human condition through engagement with each other, transhumanists see qualities that make up the human identity as incidental inconveniences — things to override as soon as possible.
But for all its misgivings, transhumanism is making its way from the world of speculative technology into the mainstream. Google recently hired Ray Kurzweil, the inventor best known for his predictions of “the singularity” — simply put, the moment at which artificial intelligence surpasses human intelligence — and his assertions that medical technology will soon allow humans to transcend death, as its chief futurist. At the same time, the Transhumanist Party is floating Zoltan Istvan as its own third-party candidate for president.
The transhumanist movement is growing in followers and gaining media attention, but it's unclear whether its particular preoccupations are inevitable enough to concern us today. Yet as technology continues to provide tools to manipulate the world around us, it becomes more and more likely that we will reach to manipulate ourselves. What could be the ramifications of a new wave of human enhancement? And what does our increasing fascination with technological futurism say about our priorities today?
Over the next few days, we'll hear from:
Charles T. Rubin, political science professor at Duquesne University and blogger at the New Atlantis
Ronald Bailey, science writer for Reason
Ellen Jorgensen, co-founder and executive director of Genspace
David Vincent Kimel, historian and philosopher at Yale University
James Hughes, executive director of the Institute for Ethics and Emerging Technologies
Crysis 2 has become Electronic Arts' most popular release so far this year, beating out other major titles such as Dragon Age 2 and Dead Space 2. According to the sales figures, the Xbox 360 was the most popular console too, thoroughly dominating the PS3 and PC.
The 360 accounts for 57% of Crysis 2's sales, with the PS3 taking 29% and the PC raking in a miserable 14%. Maybe they were too busy torrenting it or something.
This news is notable for the fact that Crysis was always a major PC title and being able to run it was the hallmark of a powerful gaming computer. PC fans have been upset at the console inclusion, blaming it for "dumbing down" the game and not looking pretty enough without manual tweaking.
I wouldn't expect EA to care much now, though, since the PC is apparently not where the money is. Can't fault people for wanting their games to actually sell, y'know?
Crysis 2 is EA's biggest launch of the year so far [Videogamer]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
US President Donald Trump has often criticised negative commentary as "fake news".
US President Donald Trump has often criticised negative commentary as "fake news".
FACEBOOK HAS SAID it has started weeding out bogus accounts by watching for suspicious behavior such as repetitive posts or torrents of messages.
The security improvement was described as being part of a broader effort to rid the leading social network of hoaxes, misinformation, and fake news by making sure people are who they claim to be.
“We've found that when people represent themselves on Facebook the same way they do in real life, they act responsibly,” Shabnam Shaik of the Facebook protect and care team said in a blog post.
Fake accounts don't follow this pattern, and are closely related to the creation and spread of spam.
Accounts suspected of being bogus are suspended and holders asked to verify identities, which scammers typically don't do, according to the California-based social network.
In France, the new tactic has already resulted in Facebook taking action against 30,000 accounts believed to be fakes, Shaik said.
“We've made improvements to recognise these inauthentic accounts more easily by identifying patterns of activity – without assessing the content itself,” Shaik said.
“With these changes, we expect we will also reduce the spread of material generated through inauthentic activity, including spam, misinformation, or other deceptive content that is often shared by creators of fake accounts.”
Under pressure to stymie the spread of fake news, Facebook has taken a series of steps including making it easier to report such posts and harder to make money from them.
Facebook also modified its displays of trending topics to find stories faster, capture a broader range of news, and help ensure that trends reflect real world events being covered by multiple news outlets.
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg has sought to deflect criticism that the huge social network may have been used to fuel the spread of misinformation that affected the 2016 US presidential race.
Facebook last week unleashed a new weapon in the war against “revenge porn” at the social network as well as the messaging services Messenger and Instagram.
When intimate images shared on Facebook without permission are reported, confirmed and removed, the company will use photo-matching technology to prevent copies from being shared again on its platform.
- © AFP, 2017
A cat in Boston has been called to jury duty even though his owner has insisted to court officials that the cat cannot speak English.
Sal the cat recently received a summons to appear at Suffolk Superior Court on March 23.
His owners, Anna and Guy Esposito, filed to have Sal disqualified for jury service, but the request was denied.
In her application, Anna Esposito said that Sal "is unable to speak and understand English," one of 10 statutory qualifications for disqualification from service. (Others include "not a United States citizen," "under age 18" and "over age 70.")
The judicial branch website states that U.S. citizens who "do not speak and understand English sufficiently well may be disqualified."
"Jurors are not expected to speak perfect English," it specifies.
The Espositos believe Sal may have been mistakenly listed after they named him on a recent U.S. census in a question about pet ownership.
According to the Massachusetts Judicial Branch, "prospective jurors are selected randomly by computer from a Master Juror List … using street lists submitted annually by each city and town."
Finance Minister Bill Morneau is telling his G20 colleagues that taxing the rich is good economics, just days before he releases a second budget that must keep Canada competitive as the United States promises massive tax cuts.
Speaking in Frankfurt, Germany, on Thursday, where finance ministers and central bankers are gathered for an international summit, Mr. Morneau highlighted the Canadian government's efforts to prioritize the middle class.
In a speech, Mr. Morneau claimed that other countries have been very interested to hear about Canada's economic plan since it was first discussed with them at the 2015 G20 summit in Antalya, Turkey.
Story continues below advertisement
Opinion: Another broken promise: Tax cuts for the middle class
"At the time, people looked at our plan for more generous and means-tested child benefits, tax increases for the rich and tax cuts for the middle class as a bit of a curiosity," he said, according to a copy of his remarks. "I think we can all agree that curiosity has been satisfied over the last year or so."
Mr. Morneau's short speech made several references to ensuring the gains of economic growth are not concentrated in the pockets of the wealthy.
The minister's March 22 budget is expected to reveal the initial results of a year-long review of federal tax credits, which had a goal of eliminating targeted tax breaks that were ineffective or that delivered benefits that were skewed in favour of the highest-income earners.
However, business groups have been urging the Liberal government not to raise taxes further, warning that such a move could place Canada at a competitive disadvantage in light of U.S. President Donald Trump's pledge to support a "massive" tax cut for the middle class.
The government appears to have budged in response to those concerns. As the Globe reported last week, sources say that the review of tax credits will continue beyond the budget. That suggests that while some credits are likely to be eliminated in the budget, more complicated tax changes could be recommended for further study and consultation. That would buy the Canadian government time to see what emerges from the United States before adopting major tax reform.
The Liberal Party platform estimated that this review of tax credits could raise $3-billion a year in new revenue.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Some observers expect that credits introduced under former Conservative prime minister Stephen Harper are most likely to be eliminated in the short term.
Still, the lack of public clarity from Mr. Morneau on his tax-credit plans has fuelled speculation on Bay Street that tax hikes on investment income could still be on the table.
Mr. Morneau's comments were made at the Institute of International Finance G20 conference. The formal meeting of ministers and central bankers from 20 of the world's leading economies is scheduled for Friday.
In his speech, Mr. Morneau said the budget will focus on helping Canadian workers upgrade their skills throughout their careers in an economy where the skills that are in demand are changing rapidly.
"I will be confirming that Canada plans to continue doing what confident, optimistic countries do – invest in our people, our communities and our economy," he said. "I will also be taking steps to create a culture of lifelong learning, helping people develop the skills they need at every stage of their life to succeed in the new economy."
The government has made clear in recent days that the budget's theme will be heavily focused on skills training, innovation and promoting long-term growth.
Story continues below advertisement
Ian Russell, president and CEO of the Investment Industry Association of Canada, said Mr. Morneau's repeated statements about stimulating economic growth leaves him optimistic that the government won't introduce major hikes on investment income in the budget.
Mr. Russell said higher taxes on dividends or capital gains would run counter to the government's pledge of boosting innovation by attracting foreign capital and talent. He also challenged the argument that new taxes on investment income would target the rich.
"There's a lot of retired people that have blue-chip, dividend-paying stock and they're certainly not rich. They're the middle class that he's talking about and you would hit them pretty hard if you took the dividend tax credit away or you reduced it," he said. "I don't think he's going to do it."
The government has already imposed a new 33-per-cent federal tax bracket on income over $202,800, which produces a combined top tax bracket of more than 50 per cent in six provinces.
Bank of Montreal chief economist Doug Porter said in a note Thursday that being in the top tax bracket does not mean Canadians can live large in hot housing markets like Toronto.
"Even people who nearly qualify for the top 1 per cent of all incomes and will be paying over 53 per cent in personal marginal tax rates – and would presumably be considered 'rich' – are at best able to afford a semi-detached home on the fringes of Toronto, or maybe a low-end detached home verging on tear-down status," he said. "Now just imagine the predicament a more typical couple of more modest means faces in the current market environment."
Story continues below advertisement
The federal review of tax expenditures was announced in last year's budget alongside a pledge to give the Canada Revenue Agency more money to fight offshore tax evasion. The G20 has been co-ordinating efforts to improve the sharing of information between countries in an effort to catch and discourage tax evasion. Mr. Morneau's speech Thursday encouraged the G20 to continue these efforts.
"This principle of equality and fairness also applies to another area that is of critical importance to the G20, and that is the issue of tax fairness, closing loopholes and fighting international tax evasion," he said. "This is an issue Canada takes very seriously and is working hard to address in collaboration with the G20 and other countries around the world, so that we can bring tax fairness to our middle class."
Pin 1 Shares
Religious conservative groups have lobbied for policy relocating US embassy to Jerusalem from biblical standpoint.
(MEE) — God is not a real estate agent, the former bishop of Jerusalem said in response to US evangelical support for recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Evangelical advocacy for Israel is a political position rooted in theology, experts say.
President Donald Trump went against the advice of allies and warnings of foes and announced on Wednesday plans to move the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. The US religious right was a driving force behind the move, which left Washington isolated on the world stage, analysts say.
“I have no doubt that evangelicals played a meaningful role in this decision,” Johnnie Moore, a spokesperson for My Faith Votes, a large evangelical political group, told Reuters.
The policy shift was an unprecedented move that garnered international and domestic condemnations, even from states and politicians that are friendly to Israel.
While leading Christian figures across the world have opposed Trump's decision, the US religious right's influence helped make it a reality.
Several Christian groups had issued statements and action alerts to push for recognising Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
East Jerusalem was illegally occupied by Israel in 1967 and annexed in 1980. The status of the city, which is home to holy sites for all Abrahamic faiths, remains disputed. The recent US decision angered Palestinians, Arabs and Muslims, sparking protests across the world.
‘Belittling Almighty God'
US evangelical political activists view the Israeli-Palestinian conflict through a biblical lens. In their interpretation, the scripture promises Jerusalem to the Jewish people for all time. They cite a verse from the Books of Chronicles that quotes God as saying: “I have chosen Jerusalem that my name may be there and I have chosen David to be over my people Israel.”
A wider theological aspect of the evangelical support for Israel stems from the fundamentalist notion that the establishment and preservation of Israel as a Jewish state will hasten the second coming of the Christian messiah, Jesus Christ.
“Jerusalem has been the object of affection of both Jews and Christians down through history and the touchstone of prophecy. But most importantly, God gave Jerusalem – and the rest of the Holy Land – to the Jewish people,” Robert Jeffress, an evangelical preacher who advises the president, told CNN.
But the idea of God choosing a certain people and giving them a piece of land is insulting to his divine qualities, argued Riah Abu El-Assal, former Anglican bishop of Jerusalem.
“You're belittling almighty God, making him a real estate agent, favoring one party over another party,” he told Middle East Eye.
Ron Stockton, a political science professor at the University of Michigan-Dearborn, said Christian Zionists who base their support for Israel on the Bible believe that the creation of Israel in 1948 was the fulfillment of a divine prophecy.
“Those people are exceptionally pro-Israeli,” Stockton told MEE. “They back the Israelis on almost all issues… They really have no knowledge of Israel or of anything relevant to the issue. They're thinking entirely in terms of religious obligations.”
The professor added that by going through with the move Trump was able to please the Israeli lobby and “evangelical culture”, while appearing to be a strong president who keeps his campaign promises.
Laurie Cardoza-Moore, the founder of Proclaiming Justice, a pro-Israel evangelical organisation, said the bible, which she called the true word of God, clearly states that Jerusalem is the undivided capital of the Jewish people.
“The evangelical vote is a very powerful vote in the United States of America,” she told MEE. “Everybody recognizes that. And yes, it has been the evangelical Christians who have been pushing this (embassy) move.”
In their quest to shape policy, evangelicals found an unlikely ally in Trump, a casino mogul who does not appear to be driven by spirituality.
Even after the infamous video of Trump bragging about grabbing women's genitals was leaked, the Christian right firmly stood behind the Republican candidate, with 80 percent of white evangelical voters backing him November 2016, according to exit polls.
Conservative Christians placed their bet on the winning candidate and now their gamble is paying off. From banning transgender people from serving in the military to appointing conservative judges, the president has been pushing the religious right's agenda, reversing the tides for the cultural war that conservatives seemed to be losing to secularism and liberal values.
The embassy move, however, embodies far-reaching international consequences, and evangelicals are taking credit for it.
‘Inflammatory and Discriminatory'
Desmond Tutu, South African Nobel laureate and the archbishop emeritus of Cape Town, strongly condemned the US policy shift.
“God is weeping over President Donald Trump's inflammatory and discriminatory recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel,” Tutu, an outspoken advocate for Palestinians, said.
Pope Francis also voiced opposition to the move, saying he could not remain silent.
“And at the same time, I wish to make a heartfelt appeal to ensure that everyone is committed to respecting the status quo of the city, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the United Nations,” he told a general audience on Wednesday.
Palestinian Christians inside Jerusalem itself had called on Trump not to go through with the move.
“We are certain that such steps will yield increased hatred, conflict, violence and suffering in Jerusalem and the Holy Land, moving us further from the goal of unity and deeper toward destructive division,” Christian Orthodox archbishops wrote in a letter to the US president on Tuesday.
Palestinian groups and churches have long opposed attempts to use the Christian faith to justify the occupation.
“We declare that the military occupation of Palestinian land constitutes a sin against God and humanity. Any theology that legitimizes the occupation and justifies crimes perpetrated against the Palestinian people lies far from Christian teachings,” reads the mission statement of Kairos Palestine, a Palestinian movement that calls on Christians worldwide to help end the occupation.
Asked why American evangelicals seem indifferent to the suffering of Palestinian Christians, Bishop El-Assal said: “Because many in the Christian communities in America do not realize that there are Christians among the Arabs.”
El-Assal added that he has had first-hand experience of that misconception – being asked by Americans about his conversion to Christianity when they find he is a Palestinian Christian.
US vice president Mike Pence will visit Israel and the Palestinian territories on 17 December. Trump mentioned the trip after announcing the embassy decision.
Pence is a leading figure in the evangelical conservative movement. “My support for Israel stems largely from my personal faith,” Pence told the Congressional Quarterly in 2002, when he was lawmaker.
Palestinian officials have said that the US vice president is not welcome in Palestine.
Hanan Ashrawi, a leader in the Palestinian Liberation Organisation who is Christian herself, warned Pence against making biblical talking points. She told BBC that God did not command that the world has to be unjust for the Palestinians.
“If he wants to talk politics, legality and morality, fine, he will find people. If he wants to come and tell me: ‘It's ordained, this is what the Bible told me,' then I think he should go preach in a church, rather than talk politics.”
Egypt's Coptic Christians Pope Tawadros II also cancelled a planned meeting with Pence.
However, Cardoza-Moore, the evangelical activist, questioned the spiritual foundation of Christian leaders who opposed the embassy move, going as far as calling them “false prophets.”
She challenged Christian preachers who came out against recognising Jerusalem as the capital of Israel to point to verses from the bible that would substantiate their position.
“It's actually a sin against God what these people are teaching and preaching – to suggest that Jews have no right to this city,” Cardoza-Moore told MEE.
“You have to also remember that in the Middle East, Christians are Arab; their culture is more Arab leaning than it is central to their faith.”
Jim Rigby, the minister of St Andrew's Presbyterian Church in Austin, Texas, said literal interpretations of spiritual writings should not drive policy.
“Whenever people think that God has given them something, historically that has led to very unpleasant consequences,” he told Middle East Eye.
“Sane religion doesn't think like this. It doesn't say: ‘I found something in an ancient book that I'm now going to use to trump any question of justice or sanity.'”
By Ali Harb / Republished with permission / Middle East Eye / Report a typo
This article was chosen for republication based on the interest of our readers. Anti-Media republishes stories from a number of other independent news sources. The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not reflect Anti-Media editorial policy.
Pin 1 Shares
Kristen Bell had possibly the best response ever to last week's announcement that Disney was officially making Frozen 2. The news may have sent many parents and those of us with Elsa and Anna-obsessed nieces and nephews cowering in fear and bulk-ordering earplugs, but for Bell — who voiced plucky Princess Anna in the first film and follow-up short Frozen Fever — it was music to her ears.That's because she's possibly the one parent in America who has yet to overdose on Frozen, a fun fact she shared when we talked to her on the day of the big announcement. Bell was conveniently chatting about a new line of Frozen-branded products from Crest and Oral-B, and though we may not be their target audience, it gave us the opportunity to talk to one of our favorite celebs. Wins all around, even though nary a snowman was built that day."We've actually never been exposed to that. I'm pretty territorial when I'm with my kids, and I don't take pictures with people when my little girls are around because I don't ever want them to think that their mom has to stop what she's doing with them and take a picture with a stranger. I don't ever want my girls to think anything pulls me away from them when we're out and about. I want them to feel a priority. So, they don't actually witness it at all, and since Frozen's not in our household because we don't watch TV yet, they're completely immune to it. I actually am probably the one person in America [who hasn't] overdosed on Frozen yet because it's never on in my house.""I mean, yes?Unless this adult prefers tooth decay. I bet I can convince you pretty easily.""We don't actually do a song during toothbrushing, but the kids are very much fans of '70s and '80s rock. A lot of Hall & Oates and Cat Stevens.""It's something we put a lot of time and effort into thinking about. It's interesting because I know what my job is. I want to keep a very open personality, and I like allowing the public to see parts of my relationship with Dax that I'm very proud of, but I also have very strong boundaries. I know that when I go out in public, people will engage with me — and that's fine; it's flattering and it's part of my job. But, I will not ever get myself into a situation where I'm at the airport and someone says ‘Hi, Lincoln,' to my daughter, because that would be utterly confusing for me to have to explain to her why that stranger knows who she is and is acting like they know her. I think that just having clear boundaries is something that's really important to me.""Absolutely. That's a character that would never leave my marrow. It's interesting because when we were first doing it, it felt less like an empowered young female and more like it was dubbed a female who was sassy and going against the grain — which both, I suppose, are the same definition. But, I'm a pretty strong, opinionated female, so playing that character is kind of second nature.""Oh hell yes. It would be great if Uda has the party and hires the Party Down caterers because they're available.""Totally, and micromanages the Party Down caterers. I'm gonna pitch that to Rob Thomas."
TOKYO — For decades, the Japanese have called Sadaharu Oh the world's true home run king. With 868 career home runs and many other hitting records to his name, Oh, now 73, is worshiped here as much as Babe Ruth is in America.
A few foreign players in Japan's top league have threatened to surpass Oh's hallowed mark of home runs in a single season, 55. And each time, opposing pitchers refused to throw pitches anywhere near the strike zone in a blatant effort to protect Oh's record.
But the culture of deference to Oh has seemingly ended. In a development that would have once seemed unthinkable, many Japanese fans are now rooting for Oh's record to fall, signaling the arrival of a generation that is more comfortable than ever with the notion of knocking off national heroes.
And who is the slugger who might soon usurp Oh? Wladimir Balentien, from a tiny island in the Caribbean.
This study investigated the preventive effects of vinegar and acetic acid (the active component of vinegar) on ulcerative colitis (UC) in mice. Vinegar (5% v/v) or acetic acid (0.3% w/v) treatment significantly reduced the disease activity index and histopathological scores, attenuated body weight loss, and shortened the colon length in a murine experimental colitis model induced by dextran sulfate sodium (DSS). Further mechanistic analysis showed that vinegar inhibited inflammation through suppressing Th1 and Th17 responses, the NLRP3 inflammasome, and MAPK signaling activation. Vinegar also inhibited endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-mediated apoptosis in the colitis mouse model. Surprisingly, pretreatment with vinegar for 28 days before DSS induction increased levels of the commensal lactic acid-producing or acetic acid-producing bacteria, including Lactobacillus, Bifidobacteria, and Enterococcus faecalis, whereas decreased Escherichia coli levels were found in the feces of mice. These results suggest that vinegar supplementation might provide a new dietary strategy for the prevention of UC.
Chapter Text
It whispers a promise in the cool, crisp winds from the north mountain, sweeping to kiss the valley of Arendelle. It fogs its breath against the warmth of the castle's windows, tracing its fingers in tendrils of frost on the glass. It silently stills the rivers and fountains, settles peaceably onto rooftops in a smooth, perfect blanket. Queen Elsa touches her window's reflection in greeting to her old friend. Winter has finally come home.
Although Elsa doesn't experience temperature (at least, she thinks, not in the same way as other people seem to) she does sense the hot and cold in other ways- in summer, the heat is oppressive, sucking the energy out of her like a vampire, leaving her drained. Winter, by contrast, is gentle and familiar, demanding nothing, providing comfortable equilibrium between herself and the environment. She wishes others could feel it as she did, curling in her bones as a cat curls on a pillow.
While the seasonal change is a welcome one, it comes with new queenly duties to perform, most prominently the organization and attendance to the kingdom's yearly winter solstice celebration. While her younger sister gets to prance around in the thickening snow, Elsa must stay inside and oversee the preparations: there are menus, entertainment, and decorations to approve, invitations to send, and of course the obligatory speech to the citizens. She can hardly get a moment to relax without an attendant or two seeking her opinion or permission on one thing or another. Which color accent would Her Majesty prefers on her dress? What song should the choir sing at the opening? As for the appetizers, seafood or meat? Was this order of dances pleasing to Her Majesty? Elsa ends up relegating the majority of the planning to her advisors. The avalanche of questions makes her feel like a frazzled mother of thousands, trying too hard to answer every needy child seeking her approval.
But there is at least one needy child she is willing to indulge: the little girl inside who is sick of this stressful nonsense and thinks it's about time she went outside to build a snowman.
In the snow-glazed royal gardens, Elsa's handiwork is interrupted by a high whistle. Anna, fully decked in her snow-gear, has finally found her, and she is thoroughly impressed by the tiny army of snowpeople her sister just created. “Elsa, wow!” she exclaims, making her way over. Elsa has outdone herself, even creating tiny little ice structures for the snow people to interact with. On closer inspection, Anna realizes it is a miniature version of their castle. She squats down to observe the little people. “Aw, they're so cu-- oh. Oh. Ouch.”
On closer inspection she realizes some of them are walking headfirst into walls, others are falling off of rooftops like lemmings or running into each other, snowballing into larger, multilegged creatures.
“Um, Elsa... some of these guys are kinda... goofy. It's okay though-” she adds quickly, picking one up in her glove, “-- I think it gives them character.”
“...Yeeeeah,” Elsa sighs, stroking her braid uneasily as she observes her strange creations. A light snowfall drifts down from the sky. Near Elsa, it swirls gently around her person, invisibly stirred.
Anna crunches through the powdery snow to stand beside her sister. She looks at the queen, then glances back down at the locomotively-challenged snowpeople, who are getting more strangely dismembered and mutated by the second. This macabre display is rather concerning.
“Hey Elsa...” she starts, forcing a tentative smile, “Everything ok? You seem kind of... stressed out.”
“It's just a little overwhelming, sometimes,” Elsa says, looking at her hands. “I know it's selfish, but I miss when Mama and Papa handled everything. I don't feel ready for this yet. Everyone has so much faith in me, but...” She trails off, smiling bitterly. “How can I be the queen Arendelle deserves if I get this worked up over planning a festival?”
Anna reaches a gloved hand to cover her sister's bare bare fingers, clasping them reassuringly.
“Don't be so hard on yourself. It's going to be fine! And if it's not, just blame it all on me. Everyone knows I'm really good at ruining big parties,” Anna assures her. Elsa gives her a half-hearted smile. Anna smiles back. “Really, though... what's there to worry about? I thought you had ironed it all out.”
“I'll be expected to dance.”
Anna feels foolish for not realizing the issue. Elsa gets anxious around large groups of people. Old anxieties die hard, she supposes, and her sister is still unused to being touched by strangers, even in formal settings.
“Well, uh... that's never been an issue before, has it? It's not as if anyone can make you dance if you don't want to.” Unless someone told Elsa there was a spider on her, Anna thinks, but that's her little secret. “You're the queen, you know? If you hate dancing so much, you could make a decree and ban it or whatever! Go mad with power! Whoo!” she exclaims. In her enthusiasm, she accidentally kicks off a spire of the tiny ice castle. It flies up high, then plummets down and impales a tiny snow person. Anna winces. “Ooh... sorry.”
Elsa, who seems too distracted to have noticed the incident, wrings her hands and says nothing. An idea dawns upon her younger sister. “Elsa... do you want to dance?” Anna asks.
“I... I haven't really had much practice.” Her older sister purses her lips. “For the few events I've attended, I've always stood on the side and watched. I didn't think I had a choice. But--” She glances at Anna, lost, vulnerable, seeking assurance. “I don't want to be that person anymore. I want to show our people I can be more involved, more approachable, more friendly. Like you are,” she adds, squeezing Anna's glove.
“O-oh!” Startled at the absurd idea of her elegant, gorgeous, perfect big sister aspiring to emulate her, Anna shrugs and gives a flustered laugh. “You want to be more like me? Oh Elsa... be careful what you wish for,” she says loftily, but her cheeks glow with the unexpected praise. She feels suddenly emboldened. “But all right! If you insist-“ she proclaims, stepping close to pull Elsa towards her and to rest her other glove the older girl's waist.
Elsa laughs nervously at the sudden and unexpected approach. “Wait, uh- what are we doing?” she asks.
Anna tilts her head at the silly question. “Isn't it obvious? I'm going to teach you how to dance! Now, put your hand here,” she instructs gently, moving her sister's hand to her shoulder. “Now we hold our other hands like this--- ok? And just follow me. One, two, three, one, two three--”
“Oof--!” Elsa grunts. She wearily glances down at her trodden foot, protected only by a fragile ice slipper, then shifts her gaze to her sister's thick, heavy winter boots. “I'm feeling a little vulnerable here,” she says in mock accusation.
“Sorry, sorry!” Anna says guiltily, shifting her feet. “I'm not used to leading! I'll be more careful, I promise.” She is, and soon they find their waltz rhythm, Anna counting the beats for guidance. Elsa is a fast learner, and within minutes she keeps up easily, glancing down now and then to ensure she won't trample any of her tiny, mutated snow people. Her creations mostly manage to scramble out of the way, some of them sitting on miniature ice roofs to watch the towering royals dance.
Elsa slowly feels herself relaxing to the predictable, comfortable synchronization of their steps. The snow flurry from earlier calms to a very mild precipitation; the delicate snowflakes seem to hover rather than fall. Some of them pepper Anna's coppery hair, and the cold air brings an attractive blush to her freckled cheeks, Elsa notes with a private smile. Anna's eyes look greener without Arendelle's grassy knolls to compete with them. Winter always seems to emphasize the natural color and beauty of everything it touches, Elsa thinks, and her sister is no exception.
As Elsa watches, Anna's lips tug into a smirk. “You're a natural, Elsa.” The compliment puffs in the frigid air, dissipating between them.
“Hm? I... oh, thank you,” Elsa responds, taken off guard. Her face softens. “It's easy because it's with you.”
“I-Is that so? Well... let me know if you need me to step on your other foot, then!” Anna says, full of false bluster, and Elsa laughs. It's good to see her genuinely smile again, Anna thinks. All these unexpected compliments are giving her a fluttering tickle, like butterflies. She is reminded of their first real meeting in forever, at her sister's coronation. She makes a mental promise to herself: this time, she will ensure everything goes perfectly for Elsa. After completely ruining the last ball, she owes her sister that much.
Elsa's smile fades; she still seems preoccupied with some worry. “It won't be the same dancing with strange men,” she sighs finally. “There's going to be at least twice as many guests as last time. And especially now that my secret is out, the nobility from every neighboring kingdom are jostling to win my favor in any way they can. I'm nothing but an asset to them... or a threat to be neutralized.”
Anna stops her feet, suddenly serious. “What, you think... someone will try to hurt you?” Her jaw clenches at the thought. Her grip on Elsa tightens.
“The thought has crossed my mind, yes,” Elsa says. Her mouth thins into a stern line. “If anyone tries anything, they'll have to face security. And, well, me.”
“And me! If anyone dares--“ Anna's eyes glow with a fierce green anger. “I'll... I'll...”
Elsa can't help but be heartened by her sister's reaction. “Beat them to a pulp with a lute?” she asks. Her smile comes easy. She's rarely seen her sister get so angry. There's something enthralling about it.
Anna punches her gloved hands together. “No way! This punishment deserves a full-blown guitar!”
Her fury is quieted by the gentle pressure of Elsa's hands in her own. “I appreciate your enthusiasm, but let's hope that won't be necessary. It would be a shame to waste a perfectly good guitar.” Anna huffs, sending her bangs fluttering. Elsa privately finds the gesture adorable.
“I'm honestly not too concerned about that! I can defend myself if I have to. And yes,” Elsa continues as her sister opens her mouth to interject, “I know that you'd rescue me even if I couldn't.”
“I don't understand, then. If you're not worried about someone, uh... killing you, what are you worried about?”
The queen's smile fades. “Like I said, royals from all corners of the kingdom will be visiting. Mostly harmless dignitaries, envoys... and I'll have to dance with all of them.”
“You're a great dancer, Elsa, I've been trying to tell you--”
“Anna!” Elsa pulls away. She wrings her hands: looks at them, winces, holds them up. “I'll have to dance with all of them,” she repeats. “Don't you get it? I'll have to touch them. It's one thing to stab someone with an icicle if they're trying to kill me, but what if I jab someone when they're just trying to waltz?”
Anna grins. “You haven't jabbed me. Not once! Not this whole time!”
Turning to show Anna her shoulders, Elsa hugs her arms to her chest. “It's different with you. If we could dance alone together, just us, I'd be fine. Excuse me.” She gifts her sister a distracted smile and hurries along the garden path back toward the castle, following the hopeful call of servant.
Anna watches her go, tapping her chin thoughtfully.
Nani suffered the injury before flying to South Africa Portugal winger Nani, who was ruled out of the World Cup earlier in June after suffering an injury to his collar bone, says he will be "fine in a week". Manchester United's Nani, 23, picked up the injury in training on 3 June in Lisbon before flying to South Africa, but was then declared unfit on 8 June. A Portuguese Football Federation vice-president dismissed media suggestions there had been a disciplinary problem. "There's no intention of hiding anything," said Amandio de Carvalho. Nani, who scored three goals in 11 appearances during qualification, has been replaced in Portugal's squad by Benfica midfielder Ruben Amorim. Amorim made 24 appearances for Benfica last season, helping the club to their first Portuguese title in five years. Winger Nani had demonstrated impressive form for Manchester United during the second half of the 2009/10 season. 606: DEBATE I definitely felt he was going to be a star at the World Cup
606AllRounder During the campaign he scored six goals in 34 appearances as United finished runners-up to Chelsea in the Premier League and reached the quarter-finals of the Champions League, where they were beaten on away goals by Bayern Munich. He scored a superb chipped goal in Portugal's 3-1 victory over Cameroon in a home World Cup warm-up game on 1 June. Portugal also have injury concerns over defender Pepe, who has been recovering from a knee injury he sustained in December. The Real Madrid centre-back has not played since then but has been cleared by doctors from both his club and country to travel to the finals with a view to featuring at some stage. Portugal's first match of the tournament is on 15 June against the Ivory Coast in Group G, which also includes Brazil and North Korea.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Skip to Recipe|Print Recipe
Sweet potatoes and black beans are my new favorite combination. I tried this combo out when we were trying to eat vegetarian for a few months. I season the sweet potatoes with chili powder, cumin, and cayenne. This creates a sweet, salty, savory flavor that is super tasty. The beans add a meaty texture, while the sweet potatoes are silky and buttery. This is a great vegan breakfast option, even though I like mine with sour cream…
I think the hardest thing about being vegetarian or vegan is breakfast. This makes a great breakfast burrito. You can even freeze them to enjoy whenever you want. Just wrap each burrito in plastic wrap, place in a huge Ziploc bag, and freeze.
Want to crisp the tortillas back up after you have refrigerated them? My sister showed me a clever trick. Use your panini maker! So smart:
I made these for my mom because she can't eat eggs, dairy, or oats (allergies…). It's really hard for her to find items she can eat for breakfast. She fell in love with these immediately.
They are so pretty!
Sweet Potato and Black Bean Breakfast Burritos ★★★★★ 5 from 6 reviews These vegan sweet potato and black bean burritos are a great option for breakfast. The beans bring a meaty texture while the sweet potatoes are silky and buttery. Author: The Hungry Waitress
Prep Time: 10 mins
Cook Time: 30 mins
Total Time: 40 minutes
Yield: 6 Ingredients 1 sweet potato, cubed
2 Tablespoons olive oil
1 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1/4 teaspoon cumin
1/4 teaspoon cayenne, optional
1 can black beans, drained and rinsed
1 cup salsa, divided
6 tortillas, soft taco size Instructions Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a medium bowl mix together the sweet potato cubes, olive oil, chili powder, garlic powder, paprika, salt, pepper, cumin, and cayenne. Spread out the sweet potato mixture in an even layer onto a baking sheet. Bake for 25 minutes. When the sweet potatoes are done, throw the black beans onto the hot baking sheet and mix them together. Assemble the burrito by pouring 1/2 cup sweet potato and black bean filling into the middle of a tortilla. Evenly pour 1 Tablespoon of salsa on top of the sweet potato mixture, and roll the tortilla into a burrito. Once all of the burritos are assembled, heat a large skillet up over medium high heat. When the pan is hot place each burrito into the skillet seam down. Brown for around 2 minutes then flip the burritos over and brown for another 2 minutes. Serve with salsa and cilantro.
This is one of my favorite vegan recipes! Here are some more vegan ideas!
Check out this Farmer's Market Hash:
Or this delicious Vegan Sun-Dried Tomato Pesto Zucchini and Mushroom Pasta:
I love this Spiced Black Beans and Coconut Rice recipe!
"I'm glad this ordinance was tabled because we need to do 360-degree research on this to see how solid their ground is [constitutionally], and how this ordinance should be shaped if they want to put it in place."
"This could be a flashpoint issue. We could get downstream charges and incidents of violence," he said. "Police officers have a tough enough job without igniting a situation because the commissioners want it."
Gulbrandsen said officers stopping people on the street often face "spontaneous eruption of anger," when the people they're arresting start to argue or become violent.
"Wearing clothing is a constitutional issue. We have to connect [saggy pants] to a criminal offense," he said. "Civil rights are an important issue in any community."
But Gulbrandsen said he didn't know if the saggy pants ordinance would pass muster constitutionally.
"Viscerally, when you see people walking with their pants below their buttocks, you wonder how they can walk," he said. "It's a look that appears to be connected to being a gang member or a wannabe gang member."
He stresses that he finds the saggy pants look obnoxious.
Adjudication Judge Perry Gulbrandsen rules on Forest Park's local ordinance violations twice a month at village hall. Saggy pants violations would come to his courtroom.
By Jean Lotus
Editor
With television cameras rolling and a reporter from the Chicago Tribune in the audience, the Forest Park Village Council voted Monday to table a proposed ordinance to issue tickets to wearers of saggy pants with exposed undies and charge them a fine up to $750.
But after the meeting Mayor Anthony Calderone said he was committed to passing the new rule and would work to get it back on the village agenda.
Calderone placed the tweak of the village's "indecent conduct" ordinance on the village council agenda, but when reported by the Review over the weekend some residents worried the new amendment would be used by police to harass residents for their fashion choices.
"The Forest Park police should not become the fashion police," said Forest Park School Board member Sean Blaylock before the meeting.
"When I saw the ordinance I thought why burden the Forest Park police to take time out from solving crimes? It's not right, it's not smart and it's not a good use of police time."
Forest Park Deputy Chief Tom Aftanas said he and Chief James Ryan had not even heard about the proposed ordinance.
"My guess is that if it passed we would not enforce it immediately,"Aftanas said in an email.
The proposed change amended the indecent conduct section of Forest Park village code to prohibit "wearing pants or shorts falling more than three (3) inches below the person's hips (crest of the ilium) and exposing that portion of the person's buttocks or undergarments." The change was to go into effect Nov. 20.
The Village of Maywood passed a similar ordinance in 2012, but it recently was given new life by a poster campaign sponsored by Mayor Edwenna Perkins.
During public comment, several audience members complained that the ordinance was too invasive and un-American.
"My fear is that this can become akin to 'stop-and-frisk' in New York," said Nick Ardinger. He said the New York City chief of police created the rule to target "young men of color."
"Is [exposed underwear] really a threat to our village?" he asked.
Pastor Bill Teague said before the meeting that although he personally preached against the droopy-drawers look from the pulpit, he worried without an advanced education campaign from the village, police would be picking up people for a law they never heard of.
"It has to be a training pattern, so people don't get caught up in the legal system because they don't know [about the law]," he said.
Frank Hansen said the proposed rule went "against basic American values," was legally controversial and was trying to regulate self-expression.
"There are plenty of things we find offensive, but being offensive shouldn't make it illegal."
Calderone put the issue on the agenda at the urging of others, he said. Calderone said none of those people showed up at Monday's public meeting to share their views.
Commissioner Rory Hoskins made the motion to table the vote.
Calderone said he was planning to convene a "diversity committee" to talk about the new rule.
"Both whites and blacks have been observed walking with sagging pants," the mayor said. "A community should have some civic pride. I look forward to this conversation continuing." Calderone referred to enforcing the ordinance not as racial profiling, but "behavioral profiling."
After the meeting Calderone said he was committed to following up and passing the new rule. As for possible lawsuits, he said similar saggy-pants laws throughout the country have held up in court.
He said he was hoping to start a conversation with members of the new diversity committee, "to see if we can get some overall buy-in," to reintroduce the ordinance.
Calderone said any citizen of the village could be a member of the diversity committee if they called village hall.
Contact:
Email: jlotus@forestparkreview.com
Twitter: @FP_Review
Giant telescopes like the Extremely Large Telescope now being built in Chile could hunt for alien life by detecting oxygen on exoplanets – even though they were not designed with that in mind.
On Earth, plants and some bacteria are the only sources of large amounts of atmospheric oxygen. Finding oxygen on an exoplanet would therefore be a tantalising hint of life as we know it.
Current telescopes can look at the light that passes through exoplanet atmospheres and tease out their make-up, based on the substances that absorb particular wavelength bands. “We do this now for Jupiter-sized planets,” says Ignas Snellen of Leiden Observatory in the Netherlands.
But current telescopes are not sensitive enough to see atmospheres on small, rocky worlds. What's more, observations made from the ground struggle to filter out Earth's own oxygen-rich atmosphere. Space missions intended to hunt for distant oxygen have been cancelled.
Advertisement
Flux buckets
Snellen and colleagues have now calculated that the European Extremely Large Telescope, due to be completed in the next decade on Cerro Armazones, a mountain in Chile, will be big enough to do the job. Boasting a 39-metre main mirror, this telescope is expected to see some of the most distant stars and galaxies in the universe. With its much higher resolution, oxygen from an exoplanet would appear similar to Earth's oxygen, but its wavelength band would be noticeably shifted due to the exoplanet's motion as it orbits its star.
Finding such oxygen would still be a long shot: an exoplanet has to pass in front of its star many times to gather enough data to say for sure whether oxygen is present. Depending on the planet's orbit and the size of its star, that could take between 4 and 400 years.
The team also suggests building an array of “flux buckets”, cheap telescopes that collect as much light as possible. These cannot be used to produce detailed images like large observatories, but they would allow the analysis needed to find exoplanet oxygen.
“It's good to have a cheaper alternative to the big space-based missions,” says Jack O'Malley-James at the University of St Andrews in Fife, UK. But he cautions that just detecting oxygen will not confirm the presence of life. Other planets with vastly different chemistry might have an alternative source, so space-based observations would still be needed to confirm the full range of chemicals in a planet's atmosphere and show whether it is truly Earth-like.
Journal reference: Astrophysical Journal, doi.org/kh6
I do not know what to make of this. The administration's environmental policies are a mess, when they're not actually hostile towards, you know, the environment. This is because people running things in that department were placed in their jobs specifically because that's the way they feel about it, too. Interior is the department where Steve Bannon's conjuring words about “deconstructing the administrative state” come to their sharpest point, although Betsy DeVos' stewardship at Education is coming up fast on the outside.
The president* handed Interior over to Ryan Zinke, a Republican congressman from Montana. Zinke has looked around his department and finds that it is honeycombed with traitors. Time to purge these treehugging subversives. From the AP:
Zinke, a former Navy SEAL, said he knew when he took over the 70,000-employee department in March that, “I got 30 percent of the crew that's not loyal to the flag.” In a speech to an oil industry group, Zinke compared Interior to a pirate ship that captures “a prized ship at sea and only the captain and the first mate row over” to finish the mission. “We do have good people” at Interior, he said, “but the direction has to be clear and you've got to hold people accountable.” Zinke's comments echo complaints by some White House allies that a permanent, “deep state” in Washington has sabotaged Trump's efforts to remake the government.
The “deep state,” of course, are those people who know what they're talking about, and who know what the mission is of the department in which they serve. Out with them, immediately.
Zinke did not go that far, but he lamented a government culture that prizes analysis over action, saying: “There are too many ways in the present process for someone who doesn't want to get (a regulatory action) done to put it a holding pattern.” To remedy that, Zinke said he is pursuing a major reorganization that would push much of the agency's decision-making outside Washington and move several agencies, including the Bureau of Reclamation and Bureau of Land Management, to undetermined Western states.
Yeah, that's a great idea. Move the whole thing out to Cliven Bundy country, where they know what freedom is all about.
My goodness, this governing thing is complicated.
On other topics, Zinke said the Endangered Species Act has been “abused” by bureaucrats and environmental groups and needs to be reformed to be less “arbitrary.” “There is no off-ramp” for species to be removed from protected status, he said. Zinke also offered a quirky defense of hydraulic fracturing, a drilling technique also known as fracking that has led to a years-long energy boom in the U.S., with sharply increased production of oil and natural gas. “Fracking is proof that God's got a good sense of humor and he loves us,” Zinke said without explanation.
“Quirky.”
That's one word for it.
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page.
Put On A Monster Mask! I-Mockery's 2016 Halloween Season Has Begun!
[click to enlarge]
There's a chill in the air. The leaves are crunching beneath your feet. The summer has succumbed to the spookiest of seasons.
So here we are. I-Mockery's "Two Months of Halloween" celebration has arrived once again, and I couldn't be more excited to have you guys along for the spooktacular ride. The Halloween tunes in the Jack-O-Juke may keep me company during those long writing sessions, but it's hearing from all of you throughout the season that's the lightning bolt to my Frankenstein.
And I gotta say, I need this Halloween. It's been a trying year for many reasons that I won't bore your bones with, but suffice to say, I can't wait to celebrate all things haunted, undead, pumpkin spice, and more. We've had some amazing seasons in recent years, and I think Halloween 2016 is going to be no exception - just look at what's already happened this summer! Whether you enjoyed it or not, we saw a new Ghostbusters movie released, which also resulted in the glorious return of Ecto Cooler. Netflix surprised all of us with their new show, Stranger Things, that had all of us saying "dem-oh-gore-gon" a thousand times a day until our best friends wanted to stomp on our throats. Mr. Robot unveiled a faux horror movie within one of their episodes that was a nearly perfect homage to 80s slashers. And the General Mills decided to give us a Monster Cereal Election we could all be excited about. All this before September even showed up to shove cardboard skeleton decorations and plastic pumpkin buckets in our faces at every turn? Are you kidding me?
My friends... this is gonna be goooood. Like you're-the-last-person-to-go-trick-or-treating-at-that-rich-person's-house-on-Halloween-so-they-give-you-the-rest-of-their-full-sized-candy-bars kind of good.
While I never officially celebrate Halloween until September 1st - I consider these two months to be a sacred tradition - I've certainly experienced a boatload of Halloweeny things so far this year. In addition to the aforementioned anomalies, I've gone to not one, but three Halloween conventions so far this year (which you'll see coverage of soon enough), we released a game called Godball where you hurl giant monster balls at helpless towns, and I've even been freelancing for two of my favorite horror sites, Dread Central and Blumhouse. It's like Halloween has been inside of me like a ferocious Xenomorph since last October and I've been struggling to keep it from bursting out of my chest until today.
Well, it's time to let the monster out. It's time for all of us to let our monsters out.
(this will be you shortly)
This is the season of all things spooky, and it's our deadly duty to spread the word about anything we see related to Halloween. Remember, Halloween isn't a single day... it's a season. It's a season we're going to have a lot of fun talking about together. We're going to talk about Halloween toys, Halloween cereals, Halloween costumes, Halloween Candies, Halloween games, Halloween movies, Halloween TV specials, Halloween drinks, Halloween soap bottles, Halloween paper towels, and anything else that proudly displays the visage of a ghost, goblin, or other creepy creatures of the night.
I've always had and continue to treat what I do from September 1st - October 31st every year as an honor. Having worked on I-Mockery for a few years shy of two decades, I can't tell you how much it means to know that so many of you include this site in your Halloween traditions. It really is an awesome privilege to know you're all reading along on this site while sipping on hot apple cider and listening to Rockwell's "Somebody's Watching Me" for the thousandth time. So once again, I think you all for allowing me to be your petrifying pied piper, leading you into the spooky annual abyss that is the Two Months of Halloween on I-Mockery.
For those of you not in the know, September 1st marks the beginning of I-Mockery's annual "Two Months of Halloween" celebration. Every single update you see on this site from now until October 31st will be Halloween-related in one way or another. No matter where you live - whether it's a shining beacon of Halloween goodness, or a barren land with barely a flickering matchstick to make things a little spookier - please think of this site as your official Halloween home. The next two months are going to rule, for there is no greater time of the year.
Alright, let's get into the details of what you can expect to see on I-Mockery in the coming months. As you probably already know, we pride ourselves on going crazier over this holiday than just about any other place has in our 18+ year history, so we've got all sorts o' spine-shocking surprises planned for the 2016 Halloween season. We'll have coverage of various haunted Halloween attractions, horrific novelties, my huge annual round-up of the best & worst Halloween candies, horror movie reviews, new videos, craft projects, scary toy features, contests, and all the other wonderfully random oddities we stumble upon over the next two months.
If any of you have suggestions for Halloweeny things you'd like to see covered this season, or you have something you'd like to donate for us to review, please let me know here in the blog thread or shoot me an email. It doesn't matter if it's a Halloween event taking place in your area, a horror movie, an independent seasonal costume shop, some new candy, or some completely bizarro new Halloween novelty... I wanna see and hear all about it, so please get in touch!
(to quote Roddy Piper: "Put on the glasses!")
To those of you who aren't well acquainted with our annual Halloween celebration here on I-Mockery, I always suggest checking out some of our main Halloween attractions. We have a huge archive of Halloween material on this site from previous years, so while you wait for our newest pieces to go up, I highly recommend checking out those older things to get in the spirit of the season.
-I-Mockery's Halloween Collection: Here you'll find quick 'n easy access to most of our Halloween material from the past. Extremely in-depth horror movie and candy articles, product reviews, and of course the boppin' Halloween adventures of Count Pop himself along with many other oddities. Also, be sure to check back right here on the homepage every day for the very latest Halloween updates as well.
-The Halloween Grab Bag: Much like our "Shorts" section, this is a place where you'll find our smaller Halloween articles, but often covering some of the weirdest stuff we've ever stumbled upon.
-The Greatest Horror Movie Moments: Another fan favorite is our ongoing quest to document some of the finest moments in horror movies. Sometimes they're moments you're well aware of, other times, it's stuff you probably never knew existed. Either way, if you're looking for some horror movies to check out this season, this is a great place to start.
-The Halloween Jack-O-Juke: Here be our Halloween music jukebox, filled with over 218 hand-picked horrifying songs and counting to keep your decaying ears bleeding with ghoulish glee all season long. Feel free to keep the Jack-O-Juke open in a separate window so you can listen to all of the hand-picked tunes while still checking out the latest article offerings here on I-Mockery. I'm hoping to add some more spooky tunes to it during the next two months. If there's a song you think should be added to the jukebox, be sure to let me know by dropping a comment in this thread and I'll try to add it before the end of October if time permits!
-Trick-Or-Treat Adventure: One of the largest classic Flash games we ever made... and it's all about Halloween. If you're a fan of classic adventure games such as Secret of Monkey Island and Space Quest, you'll feel right at home with this one as you go on an adventure to build a Halloween costume and then collect enough candies before you battle the ultimate evil! It even auto-saves your progress as you go play, so you don't have to beat the game all in one sitting.
-Haunted House Candy Hunt: In this Halloween game, we pay tribute to the games of the Atari 2600 by creating an all new one in the same style. You must guide two buddies (who just so happen to be from a galaxy far, far away) through all the treacherous rooms of a spooky haunted house as they hold hands. Should you reach the end of the game, you'll have a showdown with the ultimate candy hoarder - The Grim Reaper himself! I've also heard from a reliable source (ie: myself) that there's a secret level select hidden somewhere in the game. But you don't need that anyway, right? Cheater!
-MonsterTime: With our most recent Halloween game, we pay tribute to another favorite arcade classic, BurgerTime. Only difference is, instead of building burgers, you're a mad scientist named Doc Mock who is building classic monsters to save you from the modern slasher monsters who are out for your blood!
-Doc Mock's Movie Mausoleum: Doc Mock, I-Mockery's official horror host is looking for a new home to shoot his original show at, but we have over 30 archived episodes you can still watch online. If you're looking for a good cheesy b-movie flick, check out all of the Doc's episodes that are archived on iTunes (some were archived on YouTube as well), including his Halloween specials! You can also find some Doc Mock's special "Mini Mausoleum" videos here.
In addition to a ton of new feature articles, you can still expect our regular site updates to the Blog (don't forget the archived Halloween blog entries from years past). We've also got some great Halloween contests in store for you to participate in as well. Please show your support for all the hard work we put into our Halloween celebration by following I-Mockery us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to get all the latest updates.
HALLOWEEN SURVEY: Share in the comments section below *three* horror movies you're going to make a point to watch this season. Are they ones you've seen a bajillion times before? Are they frightful flicks you've been putting off for far too long? Drop a comment below (you don't even have to register!) and let's get this Halloweeny discussion going!
ONE FINAL NOTE: As a writer, the best compliment you can pay me is to chime in with your comments on all the articles I post, and to share them with your friends on various social networks. I don't pay to advertise the site or my work, it simply gets out there via word-of-mouth, so please make sure your skull jawbones ready to start moving and help spread the word. I can't even begin to tell you just how much of my life gets swallowed up by Halloween for two months out of every year, and the workload is pretty tremendous; so it's the little things like your comments that which keep me motivated and going full-steam ahead on my Munster Koach from now through October 31st.
All right, in the words of the dearly departed, great Gene Wilder: "Tonight, we shall hurl the gauntlet of science into the frightful face of death itself. Tonight, we shall ascend into the heavens. We shall mock the earthquake. We shall command the thunders, and penetrate into the very womb of impervious nature herself."
In other words... let's get this Halloween party started!
Leave a Reply
Previous post: The Meals Of Horror: Part 2!
Next post: The Greatest Horror TV Show Intros!
There's nothing like strumming a good rock song. It's that thrill when you play the songs you've always been listening to. You feel it when your fingers are blazin' across the strings through the gain of the amp. Total bliss!
But what songs do you pick when you're in the beginning stage? There are plenty rock songs out there, but most of them are pretty challenging to play to say the least.
To tackle this problem I picked 30 rock songs for you that are quite attainable and will deliver you that divine euphoric rock feeling. Don't forget to turn the amp up and play that electric guitar loud and dirty.
To be fair, it is recommendable that you own some beginner skills. You know a few basic chords, you are familiar with basic strumming patterns and have tried some easy guitar riffs. If that is the case, you are up for the challenge!
All the songs in this list are fairly easy to play, however some parts of the song can be simplified depending on your level of playing. Simplifying or altering songs is a common thing in learning to play guitar. It gives you the chance to play your favorite songs that would normally be above your skill level.
Even famous guitar players and singer songwriters who cover a song from another band or artist often simplify or create their own version of the song. It's rather the rule than the exception. So don't worry a bit.
While you're practicing you might want some help and use one of these tools to listen, study and analyze the song you want to learn. It will help you achieve your goal faster.
There's a Youtube link attached to each song title. The “Chords” link will deliver the chords or tabs for the song and “More” will show you more official chords and tablature of the artist if you want to dive in completely.
Enjoy and keep on rocking!
1 – Selling the drama – Live Chords – More
2 – Knockin' on Heavens door – Bob Dylan / Guns ‘n Roses Chords – More
3 – Right through you – Alanis Morissette Chords – More
4 – Satisfaction – The Rolling Stones Chords – More
5 – Sunshine of your love – The Cream Chords – More
6 – Wild thing – The Troggs Chords
7 – Boulevard of broken dreams – Greenday Chords – More
8 – I love to rock n roll – Joan Jett Chords
9 – Alright now – Free Chords – More
10 – Zombie – Cranberries Chords
11 – Creep – Radiohead Chords – More
12 – Heart shaped box – Nirvana Chords – More
13 – Cocaine – Eric Clapton / J.J. Cale Chords – More
14 – Rockin' in the free world – Neil Young Chords – More
15 – Otherside – RHCP Chords – More
16 – Seven Nation Army – White Stripes Chords – More
17 – Lose yourself – Eminem Chords
18 – When I come around – Greenday Chords – More
19 – Black – Pearl Jam Chords – More
20 – I will follow – U2 Chords – More
21 – American girl – Tom Petty Chords – More
22 – The One I love – REM Chords – More
23 – Lightning Crashes – Live Chords – More
24 – Song 2 – Blur Chords – More
25 – Steady, As She Goes – The Raconteurs Chords – More
26 – Should I stay or should I go – The Clash Chords – More
27 – Like a stone – Audioslave Chords – More
28 – Up around the bend – Creedence Clearwater Revival Chords – More
29 – All along the watchtower – Bob Dylan / Jimi Hendrix Chords – More
30 – Don't let me down – The Beatles Chords – More
In classic Ars system guides, we assumed that everybody wants the same thing out of a computer—the only question is how much you spend. And in that case, the beloved "Budget Box / Hot Rod / God Box" classifications made a lot of sense.
In this latest era of the guide, though, I'd like to branch out a little. System builds are getting more and more task-focused and specific—and that's not a bad thing. The modern geek doesn't just have one computer per household, or even one computer per geek.
So in our first guide for 2017, we're going to look at three separate systems anybody might want: the Thriftstation, the Workstation, and the Battlestation. They still range from least to most expensive, but they also have distinctly different foci. The Thriftstation makes a great silent HTPC (home theater) or unobtrusive, low-cost general-purpose machine. The Workstation steps things up and aims at serious office work, medium design work, and/or light gaming. And the Battlestation gets serious about FPS (c'mon) and pwning noobs.
You've waited long enough as is, let's get to the builds.
The Thriftstation—$558
Our least-expensive build, the Thriftstation, focuses on getting simple jobs done cheaply, effectively, and unobtrusively. Some Arsians might consider this one cheating, because there's not a whole lot of "building" to it at all: we're going to start with the Qotom line of miniature PCs.
You may remember these from my Router Rumble article. These make great routers, but they also make great HTPCs and surprisingly capable general-purpose desktops as well. They're completely quiet, draw less power than most LED light bulbs, and can even be mounted directly to the back of a standard TV set or monitor for an effectively "invisible" installation.
You can buy a Qotom (or similar) mini-PC of this type fully assembled, but we're going with a barebones model. Specifically, the Q150P-S108 is a barebone config featuring a Celeron N3150 quad-core CPU preinstalled on a motherboard in a small, rugged chassis. We'll need to add our own RAM and storage to this config, plus we'll install the operating system of our choice. This option lets us make sure we don't get some dodgy off-brand SSD that we might not want to trust... and it allows us to dial in our selection of components even further. If you want an HTPC, for example, you probably don't need or want a Windows license; instead install Kodi on your new mini-PC and get going. The barebones PC itself runs $160 on Amazon right now, including shipping (from mainland China to the USA).
For most users, we're going to assume that you're starting from scratch and that you want a general purpose Windows 10 PC for light office work and Internet browsing. With this goal, we'll need a Windows 10 license, some RAM, and a hard drive. We'll also want a Wi-Fi adapter, monitor, keyboard, and mouse. After putting all that together, we've got a nice little machine that bolts right to the back of a monitor, is absolutely silent, won't suck dust bunnies into the case, and is surprisingly competent for light office work, Web browsing, and maybe even a little Web-based gaming.
Parts for the Thriftstation
Qotom Q150P-S108—Note that if this model sells out, you'll probably see the price jacked way up to $350+ instead of the item simply being marked as unavailable. If that's the case, don't panic. Search around the site for other Celeron Mini PCs; there's probably a newer model available for around the same price. (You can also look elsewhere if you just want to spend a little more money in return for a beefier processor; Qotom also sells more powerful mobile i3 and i5 versions of the same machine.)
Qotom-Q150P-S08 Price: $159.62 at Amazon Marketplace Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
ASUS VE248H 24" LED monitor—In general, 24" monitors are pretty much the sweet spot these days. There's not a whole lot of point in buying smaller unless you just don't have any room on your desk. There are plenty of options in this range on Amazon, most with great ratings and capable of doing a perfectly cromulent job. The features that stand out on this ASUS are plenty of input options (HDMI, DVI, and VGA), easy-to-find controls (buttons on the bottom bezel, no goofiness with touch-sensitive hotspots), and built-in speakers. (Don't expect to bring down the house with the speakers in this or any monitor, but it's nice to at least have the option of a single HDMI cable running from your PC to your monitor. You'll be able to hear the soundtrack to your favorite funny cat videos.)
Asus VE248H 24-inch Monitor Price: $150.20 at Amazon Marketplace Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
Windows 10 Home, x64—You can download it as an ISO, or order a USB thumbdrive ready-to-install that ships to your address. Note that you also may very well be able to find Windows Home OEM at a lower cost from a reputable vendor—I usually pay around $80 per license. When you buy OEM, though, you'll need to burn your own thumb drive to install it, and you can't legitimately transfer the license from one computer to another later. Finally, keep in mind that it's ridiculously easy to accidentally buy counterfeit Windows if you search for OEM versions online. So unless you really know what you're doing, we'd recommend playing it safe, making it easy on yourself, and buying the full version from the Microsoft Store.
Windows 10 Home Price: $119.99 at Microsoft Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
Corsair Value Select 8GB DDR3L SODIMM—You could choose to "thrift out" a little further and go with a 4GB stick for about $20 less. But unless you're planning on a Linux HTPC instead of our general-purpose Windows build and working on a really tight budget, I'd recommend sticking with 8GB.
Corsair Value Select 8GB DDR3L SODIMM Price: $62.99 at Amazon Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
SanDisk SSD Plus 120GB SSDA-120G-G26—Yes, you can get smaller SSDs for less... but not for a lot less, and the smaller ones may give you trouble with Windows Updates stacking up and eating too much space in a few years (not to mention, they may generally have lower performance). I'd advise you to be a little picky about brands here, too. I've had good luck with SanDisk and Mushkin on the low end, even Adata if you're not too picky about performance. But there is some real garbage floating around in the under-$50 category from overseas brands you've never heard of and likely don't want to. Caveat emptor.
SanDisk SSD Plus 120GB SSDA-120G-G26 Price: $54.99 at Amazon Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
Logitech Desktop MK120—This is a no-frills, but high-quality wired USB keyboard and mouse combo. I'll probably catch some flak over this, but I like wires. They don't need batteries, they don't have interference problems, and they keep you from losing the mouse on your desk. You also don't have to wonder about somebody wirelessly snooping and capturing your keystrokes. If you really hate wires but don't want to throw out the budget, choose the MK270 instead. It's basically the same keyboard and mouse, but it comes with a 2.4 GHz USB transceiver and a few AA batteries instead of the wires.
Logitech Desktop MK120 Price: $15.18 at Amazon Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
Linksys Dual-Band AC1200 USB3 WiFi Adapter (WUSB-6300)—You might not need Wi-Fi at all. If you used wired Ethernet (like a civilized person), the Qotom mini-PC's motherboard already has you covered. If not, you'll need to bring a Wi-Fi adapter to the table, and I highly recommend this Linksys USB3 adapter. This is what I selected as my "reference adapter" for the series of Wi-Fi testing pieces I've done here and for the Wirecutter; the WUSB-6300 got the nod there for having the best and most consistent speeds, both upload and download, out of all the 2x2 adapters I tested. As a bonus, its design is relatively slim and lightweight. You could also choose to go with a mini-PCIe adapter (such as the $26 Intel 7260), but it won't have the range or speed of the WUSB-6300. You'll need to fiddle around with antenna connectors, and you won't be able to easily swap it between devices. Your call.
The US has the most technologically powerful economy in the world, with a per capita GDP of $59,500. US firms are at or near the forefront in technological advances, especially in computers, pharmaceuticals, and medical, aerospace, and military equipment; however, their advantage has narrowed since the end of World War II. Based on a comparison of GDP measured at purchasing power parity conversion rates, the US economy in 2014, having stood as the largest in the world for more than a century, slipped into second place behind China, which has more than tripled the US growth rate for each year of the past four decades.
In the US, private individuals and business firms make most of the decisions, and the federal and state governments buy needed goods and services predominantly in the private marketplace. US business firms enjoy greater flexibility than their counterparts in Western Europe and Japan in decisions to expand capital plant, to lay off surplus workers, and to develop new products. At the same time, businesses face higher barriers to enter their rivals' home markets than foreign firms face entering US markets.
Long-term problems for the US include stagnation of wages for lower-income families, inadequate investment in deteriorating infrastructure, rapidly rising medical and pension costs of an aging population, energy shortages, and sizable current account and budget deficits.
The onrush of technology has been a driving factor in the gradual development of a "two-tier" labor market in which those at the bottom lack the education and the professional/technical skills of those at the top and, more and more, fail to get comparable pay raises, health insurance coverage, and other benefits. But the globalization of trade, and especially the rise of low-wage producers such as China, has put additional downward pressure on wages and upward pressure on the return to capital. Since 1975, practically all the gains in household income have gone to the top 20% of households. Since 1996, dividends and capital gains have grown faster than wages or any other category of after-tax income.
Imported oil accounts for more than 50% of US consumption and oil has a major impact on the overall health of the economy. Crude oil prices doubled between 2001 and 2006, the year home prices peaked; higher gasoline prices ate into consumers' budgets and many individuals fell behind in their mortgage payments. Oil prices climbed another 50% between 2006 and 2008, and bank foreclosures more than doubled in the same period. Besides dampening the housing market, soaring oil prices caused a drop in the value of the dollar and a deterioration in the US merchandise trade deficit, which peaked at $840 billion in 2008. Because the US economy is energy-intensive, falling oil prices since 2013 have alleviated many of the problems the earlier increases had created.
The sub-prime mortgage crisis, falling home prices, investment bank failures, tight credit, and the global economic downturn pushed the US into a recession by mid-2008. GDP contracted until the third quarter of 2009, the deepest and longest downturn since the Great Depression. To help stabilize financial markets, the US Congress established a $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program in October 2008. The government used some of these funds to purchase equity in US banks and industrial corporations, much of which had been returned to the government by early 2011. In January 2009, Congress passed and former President Barack OBAMA signed a bill providing an additional $787 billion fiscal stimulus to be used over 10 years - two-thirds on additional spending and one-third on tax cuts - to create jobs and to help the economy recover. In 2010 and 2011, the federal budget deficit reached nearly 9% of GDP. In 2012, the Federal Government reduced the growth of spending and the deficit shrank to 7.6% of GDP. US revenues from taxes and other sources are lower, as a percentage of GDP, than those of most other countries.
Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan required major shifts in national resources from civilian to military purposes and contributed to the growth of the budget deficit and public debt. Through FY 2018, the direct costs of the wars will have totaled more than $1.9 trillion, according to US Government figures.
In March 2010, former President OBAMA signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA), a health insurance reform that was designed to extend coverage to an additional 32 million Americans by 2016, through private health insurance for the general population and Medicaid for the impoverished. Total spending on healthcare - public plus private - rose from 9.0% of GDP in 1980 to 17.9% in 2010.
In July 2010, the former president signed the DODD-FRANK Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, a law designed to promote financial stability by protecting consumers from financial abuses, ending taxpayer bailouts of financial firms, dealing with troubled banks that are "too big to fail," and improving accountability and transparency in the financial system - in particular, by requiring certain financial derivatives to be traded in markets that are subject to government regulation and oversight.
The Federal Reserve Board (Fed) announced plans in December 2012 to purchase $85 billion per month of mortgage-backed and Treasury securities in an effort to hold down long-term interest rates, and to keep short-term rates near zero until unemployment dropped below 6.5% or inflation rose above 2.5%. The Fed ended its purchases during the summer of 2014, after the unemployment rate dropped to 6.2%, inflation stood at 1.7%, and public debt fell below 74% of GDP. In December 2015, the Fed raised its target for the benchmark federal funds rate by 0.25%, the first increase since the recession began. With continued low growth, the Fed opted to raise rates several times since then, and in December 2017, the target rate stood at 1.5%.
In December 2017, Congress passed and President Donald TRUMP signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which, among its various provisions, reduces the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%; lowers the individual tax rate for those with the highest incomes from 39.6% to 37%, and by lesser percentages for those at lower income levels; changes many deductions and credits used to calculate taxable income; and eliminates in 2019 the penalty imposed on taxpayers who do not obtain the minimum amount of health insurance required under the ACA. The new taxes took effect on 1 January 2018; the tax cut for corporations are permanent, but those for individuals are scheduled to expire after 2025. The Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) under the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the new law will reduce tax revenues and increase the federal deficit by about $1.45 trillion over the 2018-2027 period. This amount would decline if economic growth were to exceed the JCT's estimate.
The student government at the University of California, Riverside has approved a resolution calling on school officials to require all undergraduate students to complete in order to graduate.
A gender studies ad hoc committee within the taxpayer-funded school's Academic Senate will now determine if the full Academic Senate, UC Riverside's faculty governing body, will vote on the gender studies requirement, according to Campus Reform.
The new, compulsory gender studies course would replace one of the humanities courses students must take to fulfill graduation requirements. Thus, the requirement “would not increase graduation time,” according to Summer Shafer, a UC Riverside senior who largely instigated the student government vote on the mandatory gender studies course.
Shafer told The Highlander, the UC Riverside student newspaper, that the public school offers “over 300” existing courses covering an array of subjects from “masculinity studies to Beyonce” which would fit the gender studies requirement.
“Gender is always a part of our lives,” Shafer pontificated. “A lot of people taking their humanities requirements don't take the gender classes. We want to increase students' awareness to gender issues and also to take some interesting and fun classes.”
UC Riverside charges state residents $31,611 each year for tuition, room and board. Students from other states pay considerably higher tuition rates.
UC Riverside ethnic studies professor Dylan Rodriguez, the Academic Senate chairman, expressed optimism about a requirement making every student take a gender studies class.
“While there is no such thing as a guarantee,” Rodriguez told The Highlander. “I believe this proposal will eventually pass.”
Rodriguez is the author of two books including “Suspended Apocalypse: White Supremacy, Genocide, and the Filipino Condition.”
The professor's Facebook likes include convicted cop killer Mumia Abu Jamal, former U.S. Communist Party leader Angela Davis and Beautiful Me(s): Finding our Revolutionary Selves in Black Cuba.
UC Riverside would be the first school in the taxpayer-funded University of California system to require all students to complete a gender studies course. (RELATED: Loopy Feminist Website Says It's About To Shut Down, Admits No One Cares)
Only three colleges and universities in the United States require students to complete gender studies courses in order to graduate, according to Campus Reform.
The UC Riverside requirement would affect incoming freshman students beginning the year after the faculty senate group's approval.
Follow Eric on Twitter. Like Eric on Facebook. Send story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
Media playback is not supported on this device Aston Villa 0-1 Swansea: Garry Monk praises 'fantastic' Swans
Swansea City midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson hopes striker Bafetimbi Gomis becomes more prolific in front of goal for the rest of the season.
The French forward scored his second Premier League goal of 2015 to earn the Swans a late 1-0 win at Aston Villa.
Sigurdsson says the club are pleased for Gomis, 29, who took over as frontline striker after Wilfried Bony's January move to Manchester City.
"Everyone's happy for him... there's a lot of pressure on him," he said.
"Hopefully now he can really push on and get some goals before the end of the season.
"Everyone believes in him. Of course it's hard for a striker when you need goals, but he kept going and he got the goal in the end."
Gomis, 29, had missed two earlier chances saved by Villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan before holding off Ciaran Clark with three minutes to go to convert from 12 yards.
The victory takes Swansea up to eighth in the table as they continue their push for their highest finish in English football since they came sixth in the old Division One in 1981-82.
It was also the first win for the Welsh club in three Premier League matches, following defeats by Tottenham and Liverpool.
Gomis fainted on the pitch in the defeat at White Hart Lane and returned for the loss against Liverpool.
The Swans now have 43 points this season and Sigurdsson says they are aiming to beat their record haul of 47 in their first season in the Premier League in 2011-12.
"It was very important we got the win today and we are looking to build on it," he said.
"We are trying to beat our [Premier League] points record from a few years ago... so that's one of the aims this season."
Mexican drug cartels may be a bunch of vile, hyper-violent murdering scum, but they're not necessarily stupid. Some have apparently figured out that they can save the cost and risk of mules (hired smugglers) and avoid digging expensive and dangerous tunnels to get their product to the Norte-Americanos. Their latest weapon: the potato gun. Or something similar. From yumasun.com: “An attempt by drug smugglers to propel cans of marijuana into the United States with a pneumatic cannon was thwarted by Border Patrol agents over the weekend.” . . .
The drug smugglers crossed the Colorado River with the pneumatic cannon and entered an area of U.S. territory outside of the border fence. They then used a carbon dioxide canister to propel the pot over the salinity canal and the border fence into a field abut 500 feet away. The marijuana was tucked inside what appeared to be soup cans inside of larger cans and sealed on the ends.
So fair warning: if you live in the border area or will be visiting in the near future, you may want to don a helmet to protect yourself from flying packages of contraband.
Although no arrests were made, and the smugglers escaped with the cannon, agents were able to seize a tank of carbon dioxide outside the border fence, along with 33 cans of marijuana. The cans contained about 85 pounds of pot worth an estimated $42,500. The pot is scheduled for destruction.
As the executive and legislative branches assiduously work to ban certain kinds of firearms, it's good to see that other forms of prohibition are working so well.
Ukrainian cryptotrader and blockchain expert Kir Kelevra explained the reason of the dramatic upsurge of bitcoin. Today the cryptocurrency reached its maximum in two years, breaking through $700 barrier.
The fertile ground for bitcoin price growth was additionally fertilized these days by the positive attitudes of market participants waiting for a price growth before the halving. Nevertheless, the considerable leap of the bitcoin price from $550 to $700 was mostly caused by the pressure of Chinese investors who save their capitals from the quickly devaluating Yuan. It can be proved by the fact that the great majority of all transactions took place on Chinese exchanges OKCoin and BTCC; they accounted for roughly 90% of the daily trading volume.
It is remarkable that the daily trading volume in the whole network in dollar equivalent soared more than twice, from habitual $125 million to $258 million. Such a needle on the chart could be observed in the beginning of November 2015 (it reached $335 million daily) when the Chinese government vetoed foreign Yuan investment and banned Chinese citizens from investing more than $50,000 in foreign projects.
Apparently, it becomes more and more difficult for China to keep Yuan within acceptable limits, and the traders are very sensitive to such situations, so it would cause more and more leaps. Rollbacks allowing to fix the earnings are possible when the Chinese appetites are satisfied.
Be ready for Russian mountains on Chinese trains, my friends. In 2016, volatility will only increase.
Authored by James Howard Kunstler via Kunstler.com,
We are looking more and more like France on the eve of its revolution in 1789. Our classes are distributed differently, but the inequity is just as sharp. America's “aristocracy,” once based strictly on bank accounts, acts increasingly hereditary as the vapid offspring and relations of “stars” (in politics, showbiz, business, and the arts) assert their prerogatives to fame, power, and riches - think the voters didn't grok the sinister import of Hillary's “it's my turn” message?
What's especially striking in similarity to the court of the Bourbons is the utter cluelessness of America's entitled power elite to the agony of the moiling masses below them and mainly away from the coastal cities. Just about everything meaningful has been taken away from them, even though many of the material trappings of existence remain: a roof, stuff that resembles food, cars, and screens of various sizes.
But the places they are supposed to call home are either wrecked — the original small towns and cities of America — or replaced by new “developments” so devoid of artistry, history, thought, care, and charm that they don't add up to communities, and are so obviously unworthy of affection, that the very idea of “home” becomes a cruel joke.
These places were bad enough in the 1960s and 70s, when the people who lived in them at least were able to report to paying jobs assembling products and managing their distribution. Now those people don't have that to give a little meaning to their existence, or cover the costs of it. Public space was never designed into the automobile suburbs, and the sad remnants of it were replaced by ersatz substitutes, like the now-dying malls. Everything else of a public and human associational nature has been shoved into some kind of computerized box with a screen on it.
The floundering non-elite masses have not learned the harsh lesson of our time that the virtual is not an adequate substitute for the authentic, while the elites who create all this vicious crap spend millions to consort face-to-face in the Hamptons and Martha's Vineyard telling each other how wonderful they are for providing all the artificial social programming and glitzy hardware for their paying customers.
The effect of this dynamic relationship so far has been powerfully soporific. You can deprive people of a true home for a while, and give them virtual friends on TV to project their emotions onto, and arrange to give them cars via some financing scam or other to keep them moving mindlessly around an utterly desecrated landscape under the false impression that they're going somewhere — but we're now at the point where ordinary people can't even carry the costs of keeping themselves hostage to these degrading conditions.
The next big entertainment for them will be the financial implosion of the elites themselves as the governing forces of physics finally overcome all the ruses and stratagems of the elites who have been playing games with money. Professional observers never tires of saying that the government can't run out of money (because they can always print more of it) but they can certainly destroy the value of that money and shred the consensual confidence that allows it to operate as money.
That's exactly what is about to commence at the end of the summer when the government runs out of cash-on-hand and congress finds itself utterly paralyzed by party animus to patch the debt ceiling problem that disables new borrowing. The elites may be home from the Hamptons and the Vineyard by then, but summers may never be the same for them again.
The Deep State may win its war against the pathetic President Trump, but it won't win any war against the imperatives of the universe and the way that expresses itself in the true valuation of things. And when the moment of clarification arrives — the instant of cosmic price discovery — the clueless elites will have to really and truly worry about the value of their heads.
GOLD CHASE EXPANSION: Ahsoka Tano By The Senate on 2016-07-02 02:45:00 Who doesn't want to own a bit of gold? With our new Base Series 3 Expansion Gold variants, this precious metal is right within your reach!
Available for only 24 hours!
Today's Smuggler's Den Exclusive Gold Expansion Variant is Ahsoka Tano
Meld Option 1: 100% chance when you meld 30 White Base Expansion Ahsoka Tano's.
If you chase after the 2nd Meld Option, the first option will disappear...
Meld Option 2: 100% chance when you meld 10 Ahsoka Tano 2016 Base White Expansion cards. You'll need to pick up the Gold Chase Bundle to see this option. Once you meld the for the Ahsoka Tano 2016 Base Gold Expansion card, the first option will return and the Gold Chase Bundle will appear again.
Remember Extension 3 cards can be found in the new White, Blue, Red, Green Master and Orange Master Expansion packs!
Good luck! Go Crack Some Packs!
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved Roberto Valentin (Schenectady PD)
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved Roberto Valentin (Schenectady PD)
Web staff - SCHENECTADY, N.Y. (NEWS10) - Police have arrested a man they claim robbed a Schenectady store.
Police said Roberto Valentin, 45, entered the Dollar General store on State Street and attempted to shoplift merchandise.
He was observed by a store employe who attempted to stop Valentin as he was leaving the store. Police said he struck the employee and threw her to the ground.
Valentin was arrested a short time later and taken into custody without incident. He was charged with one count of Robbery in the Third Degree and one count of Petit Larceny.
The store clerk was not injured, police said. Valentin is in the city lockup. He will be arraigned Saturday morning.
* Greeks cut back on fuel and taxis
* Once lowly bike gaining popularity
By Karolina Tagaris
ATHENS, Aug 8 (Reuters) - Greece's dire economic plight has forced thousands of businesses to close, thrown one in five out of work and eroded the living standards of millions. But for bicycle-maker Giorgos Vogiatzis, it's not all bad news.
The crisis has put cash-strapped Greeks on their bikes - once snubbed as a sign of poverty or just plain risky - and Greek manufacturers are shifting into fast gear.
The high cost of road tax, fuel and repairs is forcing Greeks to ditch their cars in huge numbers. According to the government's statistics office, the number of cars on Greek roads declined by more than 40 percent in each of the last two years. Meanwhile, more than 200,000 bikes were sold in 2011, up about a quarter from the previous year.
Shops selling bicycles, and equipment ranging from helmets to knee pads, are spreading fast across the capital, popping up even between souvenir shops on the cobbled pedestrian streets of the touristy Plaka district.
"They're sprouting up like mushrooms," said Vogiatzis, who designs and builds tailor-made bicycles in his workshop on the Aegean island of Rhodes.
A former cyclist on Greece's national team, Vogiatzis opened his business in the mid-80s, combining his love for drawing and mathematics, but only recently watched sales boom from a modest 40 bikes a year to over 350.
"There's no more money for luxuries and that helps," said Vogiatzis, who works away furiously with two other staff to meet demand for all sorts of bikes - some lavishly hand-painted in glitter, others flaunting the Greek flag.
"People who were never interested in cycling are buying bikes," he added. Vogiatzis now exports to seven countries including Germany and the United States, and opened shops across Greece, including in Athens where competition is fierce.
A far cry from the shuttered shopfronts in the capital that have become a painful reminder of the country's worst downturn since World War Two, bike shop owners estimate that at least one store opened every month in 2011.
Vogiatzis laughed: "Every neighbourhood has its bike shop just as it's got its kebab shop."
POTHOLES, TRAFFIC JAMS
In austerity Greece, the once lowly bike is winning new fans every day, from middle-aged commuters who relied on their cars to those who poked fun at former prime minister George Papanadreou's penchant for cycling as not being macho enough.
The new national fashion has even prompted the Athens mayor to start working on a public bike hire scheme similar to those in other European capitals - a first for a city where the few cycling lanes are often dotted with pine trees or parked cars.
The lack of infrastructure and Athens's mountainous landscape have not deterred Greece's new cyclists who have begun pedalling through traffic jams, up and down steep hills and over potholed roads.
"This is not Berlin. Here it's risky but you need to start thinking what you'll cut back on - taxis, the metro," said Elena Koniaraki, 39, a music saleswoman who joked about sticking a learner's sign on her back for the first few bumpy rides.
A pay cut two years ago forced Koniaraki to give up her car under a "cash for clunkers" scheme as she could no longer afford to pay the road tax or fill up her tank. She also moved from her house in a leafy northern Athens suburb to the centre.
And to get through a cash squeeze in March, she picked up a second-hand bike for the first time since childhood.
"At first my friends would laugh at me and say: Oh, poverty!" said Koniaraki, who now cycles to work from the foothills of the ancient Acropolis, past shop-gazing tourists in Plaka and through the bustling Syntagma square.
"We've never had a bike culture in Greece. Sometimes I'll leave my local street market on my bike, loaded with bags of tomatoes, and people will stop and wave at me," she said.
THE ONLY WAY IS UP
With fuel prices catapulted by tax rises to about 1.72 euros per litre in July - one of the highest rates in Europe - a bike culture may just develop.
"A lot of people are starting to see it as an alternative," said Tolis Tsimoyannis, a cycling aficionado who imports fold-up bikes from Taiwan.
Tsimoyannis, who opened his business in 2006, said he saw a steady increase in demand in the previous two years, many of his customers students and people in their 40s who were struggling to make ends meet. Lately, his business has started to level out - not because of a drop in demand but because the opening of so many bike shops means they each get a smaller piece of the pie.
But even as prospects of Greece's recession-mired economy remain glum and many fear the pain from the crisis will only intensify in the days ahead, bike enthusiasts are optimistic that the appeal of the bicycle will only grow.
Insider trading rules are stymieing shareholder activism in Australia, fostering a culture of bad management in the nation's listed companies and curbing growth, prominent investor and venture capitalist Mark Carnegie says.
Shareholders trying to shake up underperfoming boards struggle to build support among fund managers, who are prevented from buying or selling stock if they know a deal is planned but hasn't been announced, Carnegie said in an interview in Sydney this week.
Venture capitalist Mark Carnegie says fund managers have "shown a history of talking big in quietened rooms and then acting cowardly."
"The sorts of unofficial communications that happen in the US and England are unable to happen in Australia," said Carnegie, 52, whose advisory firm Carnegie, Wylie & Co. was sold to Lazard in 2007. "You need to be very, very sure of your ground in terms of the number of shareholders who will vote with you before you start your campaign, and that's what people have found hard."
In the US, investors such as Carl Icahn and Kirk Kerkorian have used minority shareholdings to push for changes at companies including Apple and General Motors. The dearth of such activism in Australia had led to a lack of board accountability, contributing to investment capital being misspent, Carnegie said, pointing to wasteful spending in the country's natural gas export projects.
Ynet has an oddly anonymously-sourced story on a trend the Israeli embassy in Washington has noticed in American popular culture – Israel and the Israel lobby are increasingly portrayed as the bad guy. From YNet:
Popular American television shows are presenting Israel in a highly critical manner, sources in Israeli Embassy in Washington say, expressing their concern that the negative characterization will badly affect the Jewish state's image among viewers. One of the recent episodes of HBO comedy series “Veep,” starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus, focused on the Middle East conflict: The US vice president's daughter, a college student who has a boyfriend of Iranian descent, slams Israel in an essay based on Oscar-nominated film “5 Broken Cameras.” The article undermines the relationship between the White House and the Jewish lobby, forcing the vice president to schedule a damage control interview. But the setting is quite unhelpful: She is seen discussing the friendship between America and the Jewish state with a pig roast in the background. An episode in American political drama series “House of Cards” is also said to have presented Israel in a critical manner: In order to thwart the president's choice for secretary of state, Representative Francis Underwood (played by Kevin Spacey) uses an editorial published by the candidate 30 years earlier in his college student newspaper, in which he criticized Israel's “illegal occupation” of Palestinian land.
We wrote about House of Cards here. I haven't seen the Veep episode, but it sounds good. Here's the recap from HBO:
Mike learns that an essay Catherine wrote for a film class leaked to the blogosphere. It praises the “masterly portrayal of brutal Israeli aggression” in Emad Burnat's “Five Broken Cameras” about nonviolent Palestinian resistance to Israeli settlement of the West Bank. Back in DC, Amy and Dan scramble to get out “the Gettysburg Address of tightrope-walking say-nothing bull****.” Kent, concerned about the combination of family strife and the Middle East, orders Jonah to get Catherine to apologize. Selina gets her daughter on FaceTime and tries to sweet talk her into apologizing, but the conversation sours when she spots Rahim, Catherine's Iranian boyfriend, in the background. Catherine accuses her of having a problem with his nationality and then hangs up, refusing to apologize for the essay. Selina orders Mike to get on a chopper and bring Catherine back to the air base, along with some towels: she may need to “daughterboard” her. Later, Kent sees Selina on TV voicing solidarity with the Jewish people in front of rotating pork. He calls on Mike to “de-pork the visual,” but since he's at the air base with Catherine, he's forced to call on Jonah for assistance. Jonah works “security detail” by bending over and blocking the pig behind her. . . At the air base, Selina argues with Catherine about apologizing for the essay. She tells her it could cost her the pro-Israel contingency and subsequently Florida's 29 electoral votes in two years, and then “mommy's out of a job.” Cathefrine agrees to apologize if Selina lets her spend part of Thanksgiving break with Rahim.
Unnamed Israelis don't like it. The takeaway from Ynet:
Codeine is an opioid drug that has been used for decades in over-the-counter cough formulas and prescription pain medicines. The liver converts codeine into morphine. Genetic factors determine how quickly an individual's body breaks down the drug and it therefore has a too strong relief for some patients, while providing inadequate relief for others. Certain individuals, especially those with obstructive sleep apnea and children, are “ultra-fast metabolizers” and may experience breathing rates that are severely slowed, or even die after taking normal doses of codeine.
Despite growing evidence linking the common painkiller to fatal breathing or life-threatening reactions, use of the drug is continued in a pediatric setting. The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) is now calling for restrictions on its use, especially in patients under the age of 18. The Academy also urges health providers and parents to stop giving codeine to children, advocating for more education about its risks.
In 28 states and the District of Columbia, the drug still is available from outpatient pharmacies without a prescription in over-the-counter cough formulas. This despite the well-documented risks and with concerns expressed by groups including the World Health Organization, the U.S. Food & Drug Administration and the AAP.
According to the AAP report, codeine is also still commonly prescribed to children after surgical procedures such as adenoid and tonsil removal. Between 2007 and 2011, codeine was prescribed to more than 800,000 patients under the age of 11. The AAP report cites one study claiming that otolaryngologists prescribe codeine/acetaminophen liquid formulations the most frequent (19.6 %), followed by dentists (13.3 %), pediatricians (12.7 %) and family physicians / general practice (10.1 %).
The report's lead author, Joseph D. Tobias, MD, FAAP admits that although the clinical report proposes potential alternatives to provide pain relief in children, relatively few effective, safe drugs are available for pediatric use. He adds that because children's bodies process drugs differently than adults do, effective pain management for children remains a challenge.
Full research has been published in the journal Pediatrics.
When I was going to college in Vancouver in 1989 my mother came to visit me. While she was staying with me we decided to go to Dr. Sun Yat Sen Chinese Garden which had recently opened in Vancouver. It was built using the traditional techniques used during the Ming period in China. While were there admiring and learning about the construction we spotted a low shrub like tree with an enormous bizarre seedpod hanging from it. The seedpod had split open and the brilliant vermilion seeds were exposed and some of them were hanging down on sticky threads. We asked what kind of plant it was and were told it was a Magnolia.
Magnolias which are very common in this area. Many spectacular Magnolias blooming at this time of the year owe their parentage in part to the Magnolia kobus (Kobushi Magnolia) and there is a spectacular Kobus Magnolia at Dominion Brook Park which I eagerly look forward to seeing in bloom each year, and the time is now!
When I was in School at that time we spent a lot of time at Park & Tilford Garden where we did our practicum and has a large collection of other Magnolias. There I was able to study many Magnolia species but not the Kobus Magnolia. I stumbled upon the one I am writng about because I frequently go to visit local parks searching for wonderful plant specimens to photograph. The location of this Magnolia kobus is hard to miss when it is flower. It's located next to the sunken garden which is across from the main pond.
Magnolias are fascinating as they look like they come from a different age and they do, they are older than most plants that inhabit the earth. They are thought to have evolved in the Tertiary period 2 to 65 million years ago. They are a more primitive plant as their flowers attest to. Magnolias are unusual in that they have tepals which are neither petals nor sepals(confused yet?), but look just like petals. The flower stamens and pistols are arranged in rings which encircle the stigmatic column where the seed is produced. Magnolias evolved over millions of years when there were only beetles to do the pollination. Beetle pollinated flowers are generally very large, white pink or red in color and have copious amounts of pollen which is a rich food source for them. They usually do not have nectar or fragrance (some Magnolias including kobus have a light scent). The thick unusual seedpod carpals are designed to protect the embryonic seeds from the beetles.
Kobus or Kobushi Magnolia is a common tree throughout Japan and is found locally on the island of Cheju-do (Quelpart Island) on the southern coast of South Korea. This Magnolia was introduced in to North America first in 1861 by Dr. George Hall of Rhode Island. Other seeds where later sent to Arnold Arboretum in 1876 which had been collected from trees in Sapporo by William Clark. Magnolia kobus was finally brought to England in 1879 by Charles Maries, the famous plant explorer. The seed he brought back were grown at the world renowned Veitch's Nursery. The different seed sources have lead to the variability in the species in cultivation which I have seen here in Victoria.
Magnolia kobus are are probably the most spectacular of hardy all hardy trees with their fantastic blossoms. Thiss is a good tree to select for home gardens as it is smaller than many other Magnolias. It is particularly hardy for Magnolias and is known to withstand temperatures of -30c(-25f) for short period,but is safer to plant no lower than zone 5 . Kobus Magnolia are also more tolerant of different types of soil, only suffering when planted in thin dry soils. It is best if they have deep, moisture retentive soils which are humusy. These are forest trees which prefer part shade but can grow in full sun.
You have to be patient for the first bloom as these trees are usually 12 or 15 before they first bloom. One thing you have to keep in mind with all Magnolias is they have very brittle roots and do not like being moved so much care must be taken in the process of choosing a site and planting. Later the fragile roots can be damaged by careless cultivation under the tree.
Links for this article:
More about Magnolias(great seedpod picture too). http://www.newworldencyclopedia.org/entry/Magnolia
Dr. Sun Yat Sen Garden in Vancouver. http://www.vancouverchinesegarden.com/
Dominion Brook Park is where you can see this tree.
http://www.northsaanich.ca/Municipal_Hall/Departments/Parks_and_Trails/Parks_Information/Municipal_Parks/Dominion_Brook_Park.htm
Until We meet Again ….
Advertisements
This article is about the CEO. For people with similar names, see Brian Roberts (disambiguation)
Brian L. Roberts (born June 28, 1959) is an American businessman who currently serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Comcast, an American company providing cable, entertainment, and communications products and services which was founded by his father, Ralph J. Roberts.
Early life and education [ edit ]
Roberts was born into a Jewish family[2][3] in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Ralph J. Roberts, the founder of Comcast Corporation, and Suzanne (née Fleisher), a former actress and playwright.[4] Roberts graduated from the Germantown Academy and earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1981, and immediately began working for Comcast.[5]
Career [ edit ]
Roberts is Chairman and CEO of Comcast Corporation, and personally controls 33 1/3% of the voting rights of the company.[6] He was named President of Comcast Corporation in 1990 when the company had $657 million in annual revenue. Comcast Corporation's annual revenue has since grown to $87.4 billion.[7]
Roberts is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association (NCTA), and a former treasurer.[8] Roberts served as Chairman of NCTA from 1995 to 1996, when the landmark deregulatory 1996 Telecommunications Act became law.
In 2016, Roberts received US$28.6 million in compensation,[9] and in 2018, his net worth was US$1.98 billion.[1]
Awards and philanthropy [ edit ]
Institutional Investor Magazine named Roberts as its top vote-getter for three years in a row (2004–06) in the Cable & Satellite category of their America's Best CEOs annual survey; and named Comcast as one of America's Most Shareholder-Friendly Companies in 2006.
Roberts was the recipient of the 2004 Humanitarian Award from the Simon Wiesenthal Center, and was the 2002 Walter Kaitz Foundation Honoree of the Year for his commitment to diversity in the cable industry. The Police Athletic League of Philadelphia honored Roberts with their 2002 award for his commitment to youth programs and community partnerships.[10]
In 2001, Roberts was awarded the USC Shoah Foundation Institute's 2011 Ambassador for Humanity Award.[11]
The Aileen K. and Brian L. Roberts Foundation was one of the largest contributors to the restoration of the Alfred W. Fleisher Memorial Synagogue at Eastern State Penitentiary in Philadelphia, named in the honor of his maternal grandfather.[12]
Maccabiah Games [ edit ]
Being an All-American squash player and of Jewish descent, Roberts participated in the Maccabiah Games in Israel, earning a Gold Medal with the U.S. Squash team in 2005, and Silver Medals in 1981, 1985, 1997, and 2009.[10][13] On October 21, 2012, Roberts was honored by Maccabi USA as a 'Legend of the Maccabiah.'[14]
Politics [ edit ]
Roberts was a founding co-chair of Philadelphia 2000, the nonpartisan host committee for the 2000 Republican National Convention. The Pennsylvania Report named Roberts to the 2003 "The Pennsylvania Report Power 75" list of influential figures in Pennsylvania politics, calling him "Pennsylvania's most powerful businessman", and noted his influence with Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell.[15]
In 2003, Roberts was named to the PoliticsPA list of politically influential individuals.[16]
Since 2006, Roberts has donated more than $76,000 to Democratic candidates, and $13,500 to Republican candidates.[17]
In December 2009, Roberts wrote a letter to President Barack Obama, endorsing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.[18]
Personal life [ edit ]
Roberts and his wife, Aileen Kennedy Roberts, live in Philadelphia and have three children, Sarah, Tucker and Amanda. Aileen is the director of the Barnes Foundation.[19][20] Roberts' father is late Comcast founder Ralph J. Roberts, and his mother is Suzanne Roberts. In 2010, Roberts presented his mother, along with his brother Douglas and his father, Women's Image Network Awards Lifetime Achievement Award.[21][22] Roberts owns a 48 ft sloop and a 65 ft sloop, both designed by Sparkman & Stephens and named Aileen after his wife, which he sails while on vacation in his seasonal home on Martha's Vineyard.[23] Roberts' son, Tucker, was appointed president of Overwatch League esports team Philadelphia Fusion in January 2018,[24] after Comcast and its sporting arm Comcast Spectacor paid a reported $20 million in franchise fees to participate in that league.[25]
Following the biggest rout to the Ruble in ages, Russia - unlike Mario Draghi - instead of talking the talk decided to walk the bazooka walk and shocked all those long the USDRUB by unleashing an emergency rate hike (at 1 am in the morning) from the recently raised interest rate of 10.50% to... hold on to your hats... 17.00%, a 650 bps increase!
From the press release:
The Board of Directors of the Bank of Russia has decided to increase from December 16, 2014 the key rate to 17.00% per annum. This decision was driven by the need to limit significantly increased in recent devaluation and inflation risks.
In order to enhance the effectiveness of interest rate policy loans secured by non-marketable assets or guarantees for a period of 2 to 549 days from 16 December 2014 will be granted at a floating interest rate established at the level of the key rate of the Bank of Russia increased by 1.75 percentage points (Previously these loans for a period of 2 to 90 days, provided at a fixed rate).
In addition, to enhance the capacity of credit institutions to manage their own currency liquidity was decided to increase the maximum amount of funds to repurchase auctions in foreign currency for a period of 28 days from 1.5 to 5.0 billion. US dollars, as well as on similar operations for a period of 12 months on a weekly basis.
Nick Clegg has blocked tough new laws intended to stop extremist speakers brainwashing university students for terrorism , raising fears that Britain will be left more vulnerable to attack.
The Deputy Prime Minister personally vetoed the plan during private talks with David Cameron, after one of the worst Cabinet rows in the Coalition's five-year rule.
Mr Clegg said he could not support moves to require university bosses to vet visiting speakers and prevent impressionable students from falling under the spell of extremists – because Liberal Democrats feared the move would erode “free speech”.
Draft legal guidelines detailing how the ban would work, which were published by the Home Office in December, have now been scrapped. Senior government sources warned that students would remain at risk of radicalisation by preachers visiting campus Islamic societies.
Theresa May, the Home Secretary, told the Telegraph that academics must now “play their part” in preventing radicalisation, even though there is no government guidance on how they should tackle extremist speakers.
The disclosure follows warnings from Mrs May and others that new rules are badly needed to clamp down on campus extremism.
The issue rose to the top of the national security agenda after it emerged that Mohammed Emwazi, the Islamist murderer known as “Jihadi John”, may have been radicalised while a student in London.
Emwazi was unmasked as the man who beheaded American and British hostages while fighting with the so-called Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
Terrorism experts have warned that student union Islamic societies are vulnerable to exploitation by radical speakers who want to brainwash undergraduates to their violent interpretations of Islam.
A new legal duty – to be ratified by MPs later this month – will require publicly-funded organisations including schools, NHS trusts, nurseries and universities to actively work to prevent vulnerable people from becoming radicalised or converted to terrorist causes.
A draft of statutory Home Office guidance on how institutions should fulfil their new legal duty – known as the Prevent Duty – was published in December. It stipulated that universities must introduce stringent checks on all visiting speakers who are invited to address students on campus, and require student unions to give university authorities at least 14 days' notice to allow for background checks and cancellation of the event, if necessary.
However, the plans were blocked by Vince Cable, the Liberal Democrat Business Secretary, who is responsible for universities policy, after academics said the measures would interfere with their duty to promote free speech and debate.
The row became public earlier this month and, after failed negotions between Mr Cable and Mrs May, had to be “escalated” for Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg to resolve.
The Deputy Prime Minister told Mr Cameron the Lib Dems would not support the new rules and, as a result, the entire section of Home Office guidance on how universities should handle visiting speakers has been axed.
Urging universities to root out extremism, the Home Secretary Mrs May told The Sunday Telegraph: “Tackling the radicalisation of young people is not and cannot ever be the sole responsibility of the government and law enforcement agencies.
“The new Prevent Duty means universities will have a legal obligation to play their part, and I hope they do as fully as possible.”
TORONTO, ON - DECEMBER 1: Former player and television analyst Ronde Barber before the Atlanta Falcons NFL game against the Buffalo Bills at Rogers Centre on December 1, 2013 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. (Photo by Tom Szczerbowski/Getty Images) Tom Szczerbowski/Getty Images
Former Bucs great and current TV analyst for the Buccaneers preseason Ronde Barber joined The Booger and Ryan Show to give his take on Richie Incognito coming in for a visit and what he saw on Saturday in Buffalo.
Barber said he knows for a fact that the Bucs have been looking around the league for guard help during the preseason, but they're noncommittal on signing Incognito.
“They just want to take a look, see where he's at personally,” Barber said of Incognito. “I've had a chance to meet (Incognito) a couple times, I think I know who he is as a person and he's not what he's been portrayed to be.”
Barber went on to say that people are jumping to conclusions by saying that Incognito has character concerns.
“People who want to jump to conclusions have a problem with his character. Until you have it straight from the horses mouth, don't put character issues on a guy who doesn't have character issues.”
Barber thinks if any team were to bring in Incognito, the Bucs are the team to do it.
“If he gets an opportunity I can't think of a better place than here with Lovie.”
Compromise spending package contains provisions asking the NSA to quantify the effectiveness of its surveillance program
Congress is calling on the National Security Agency to detail the effectiveness of its bulk data collection programmes and will outlaw certain types of domestic surveillance, using two little-noticed clauses included in its giant federal spending bill.
The $1.1tn budget bill passed the House of Representatives Wednesday afternoon by 359-67 votes and is expected to become law after clearing the Senate as soon as Friday.
But in a sign of pent-up reform pressure on Capitol Hill, two measures dealing with the NSA were quietly included in the 1,600-page spending text with relatively little fanfare – or opposition from the White House – and are likely to pave the way for more binding legislative efforts once President Barack Obama outlines his own response to the surveillance scandal on Friday.
The first, and more unexpected, of the two NSA budget measures directs the agency to reveal “the number of records acquired by the NSA as part of its bulk telephone metadata program” over a five-year period, and to turn the data over to the House and Senate judiciary committees within 90 days.
“This report shall provide, to the greatest extent possible, an estimate of the number of records of United States citizens that have been acquired by NSA as part of the bulk telephone metadata program and the number of such records that have been reviewed by NSA personnel in response to a query,” it demands.
It is also calls for more information on the vexed question of how helpful such metadata has been in foiling terror plots, something that both NSA critics and Obama's own review panel say has been greatly exaggerated.
The report should be “unclassified to the greatest extent possible and with a classified annex if necessary, listing terrorist activities that were disrupted, in whole or in part, with the aid of information obtained through NSA's telephone metadata program and whether this information could have been promptly obtained by other means”, says the budget text.
However, the demand for fresh NSA disclosure is contained in an introduction to the budget bill rather than the main text of the legislation and, according to congressional staff, is thought likely to have an advisory effect rather than carry the full weight of law.
A separate NSA reform measure dealing with domestic surveillance is included in the main legislation text, and would carry more power to compel the NSA.
It bars the agency from using any of the funding it gets from Congress to target US citizens for surveillance under section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
The measure was first introduced into a defence spending bill by congressman Mike Pompeo, a Kansas Republican, in June, as part of the initial response to the revelations of domestic data collection that came out of documents provided to the Guardian by Edward Snowden.
It was intended, however, as a response to more radical reforms proposed by congressman Justin Amash, a Republican from Michigan, and is likely to have relatively limited impact on the NSA's ability to collect data on US citizens through incidental means, the so-called backdoor provisions, which was seen as a bigger threat as Snowden's revelations continued.
Some reformers in Congress were therefore concerned that inclusion of the clause in the spending bill could serve as a distraction, although one staffer involved in separate reform legislation said it was “helpful to keep the pressure up”.
Asked about the budget provisions on Tuesday, Obama spokesman Jay Carney said he was not aware of them, but the White House later issued a letter urging passage of the spending bill and said the president would sign it into law.
Good news for Powerpuff Girls fans. Cartoon Network has ordered 40 episodes for the first season of the animated reboot series.
The original Powerpuff Girls ran from 1998 to 2005.
The new series will once again follow the adventures of Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup—three superpowered girls who fight villains before bedtime.
In a recent interview, the series' executive producers—Nick Jennings and Bob Boyle—said Cartoon Network has ordered 40 episodes for the show's first season:
Our first season has forty eleven-minute episodes and it's a staircase method of production. Every week, we're finishing written material, we're handing out written material, looking at storyboards in rough phases and finished phases. We're doing animatics, records, mixing, finishing, and delivering.”
The first season of the new Powerpuff Girls begins April 4th at 6 p.m.
Check out a preview below:
What do you think? Are you a Powerpuff Girls fan? Will you watch the new reboot series?
Migrants believe French police will no longer stop them sneaking into UK
Migrants living in the jungle refugee camp in Paris have praised the Brexit vote claiming French authorities will no longer block their passage to Britain.
French politicians reacted angrily to the referendum result, with the Mayor of Calais seeking the removal of the controversial refugee camp claiming the British government should deal with the situation.
Asylum seekers make nightly attempts to sneak on board trucks looking to cross the Channel, but are often intercepted by French police.
Migrants living in the Jungle Camp in Calais believe Brexit will make it easier to sneak into the UK
French politicians want to abandon an agreement where UK border checks are carried out in Calais
One Afghan asylum seeker told the Mirror: 'Everything is very tough now, they don't let people go to the UK. But if the UK is out of the EU, France is going to say, "Bye bye, you are out, now take your refugees".'
Currently border checks are conducted on the French side of the Channel with many migrants living in the infamous Jungle camp.
But now the the understanding, known as the Touquet agreement, between France and the UK has been called into question following Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
And mayor of Calais Natacha Bouchart says she will be pressing for the agreement to be suspended.
She told French broadcaster BFM TV: 'The British must take on the consequences of their choice.
Mayor of Calais Natacha Bouchart, who says migrant camps in the French port town should to be moved to Britain after a vote in favour of Brexit
'We are in a strong position to push, to press this request for a review and we are asking the President to bring his weight (to the issue).
'We must put everything on the table and there must be an element of division, of sharing.'
This echoed calls from Xavier Bertrand, the centre-right president of the Hauts-de-France region, who tweeted: 'The English wanted to take back their freedom, they must take back their border.'
Prior to the referendum, a French government minister had warned a vote for Brexit could see migrant camps being moved from Calais to Britain.
Finance minister Emmanuel Macron said in February that the treaty, which was signed in 2003, could be scuppered, telling reporters: 'The day this relationship unravels, migrants will no longer be in Calais.'
There are currently around 7,000 migrants camped in Calais and Dunkirk, many of whom make regular attempts to get into the Channel Tunnel or board a ferry.
Ending the agreement would mean cars and lorries would not be checked for migrants until they reach the British side of the Channel.
However, previously Bernard Cazeneuve, the French Interior Minister, rubbished suggestions the border with Britain could be opened.
'Calling for the border with the English to be opened is not a responsible solution,' Mr Cazeneuve said.
Before the vote, a French government minister had warned Brexit could lead to the camps moving to England
Ending the agreement would mean vehciles would not be checked for migrants until they reach Dover
There are currently around 7,000 migrants camped in Calais and Dunkirk seeking to sneak into the UK
'It would send a signal to people smugglers and would lead migrants to flow to Calais in far greater numbers.
'A humanitarian disaster would ensue. It is a foolhardy path, and one the government will not pursue.
'On the contrary, we're going to make the border even more watertight to dissuade smugglers and migrants, respect international rules and reduce the pressure on Calais.'
ES Lifestyle Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
The stylish Portuguese coach has picked up 21 trophies at Porto, Inter Milan, Real Madrid and Chelsea, where he is currently in his second spell. He lives in Belgravia with his wife Matilde and their children Matilde, 18, and José Mário, 15.
DÉCOR
My study is for everyone in the house, but they know it's important not to touch my work. There are flowcharts, diagrams and files for the next match. My family know how organised I am. When I leave something in a position, it stays in that position. My son's bedroom is a bunker. It's like a football museum and he's computer crazy so there are screens everywhere.
FILM
Michael Caine, Anthony Hopkins and Sean Connery are heroes. They were top actors, but at the same time so stylish. They became legends without the advantages contemporary actors take for granted. I was a teenager growing up with them, so I have a soft spot for the old guys.
PEOPLE
Any party would be a good party with just me, my friends and family, but to make it really fantastic I'd want Bryan Adams or Sting there. I'm from that time, so those are my people.
ACCESSORIES
Some guys keep medals, shirts or something football-related after matches, but I collect watches. I have to look at my watch 1,000 times during every final to manage our time on the pitch. If I win, I stop it and don't wear it again. It's not a superstition, just a funny way to remember every trophy. I'm wearing Hublot this season.
MUSIC
Does a music career wait for me after management? Maybe. Of course now I have to put up with my daughter and son's music, but for me Genesis and Phil Collins will always be my number ones. I can't sing along. I would destroy the song — in fact, I would destroy everything.
FASHION
At the moment I'm wearing a lot of Loro Piana. More than the brand, I think quality comes first. I don't like wool, I just need what I'm wearing to be comfortable on my skin when I'm out there on the touchline, so I'm very careful with what I dress in.
FOOD
There are so many good restaurants in London that if I named one, I'd be in trouble — but I can say I go to La Famiglia and San Lorenzo often. I lived in Italy for two years when I managed Inter Milan and that rubbed off on me. When you change countries many times there's always a tendency to go with what you know.
TV
Normally, when I try to get into a TV series, I wait until the second season. I need 15 to 20 episodes of something like Scandal, House of Cards, Mad Men and then I eat my way through them. I spend a lot of my time travelling or in hotels with the Chelsea team and there's a lot of waiting around. Watching boxsets helps me relax in those moments.
A link on BillOReilly.com, the website of Fox News and conservative radio talk-show host Bill O'Reilly, was titled "Those weren't veterans John Edwards, they were sex offenders," and linked to an Associated Press article about Florida's efforts "to dissolve a community of sex offenders living under a bridge." Media Matters for America has documented the back-and-forth between O'Reilly and former Sen. John Edwards over homelessness and homeless veterans.
On February 7, the "O'Round the World: Stories from the 'No-Spin' News Desk" section of BillOReilly.com, Fox News anchor and conservative radio talk-show host Bill O'Reilly's website, featured a link titled "Those weren't veterans John Edwards, they were sex offenders." The phrase referred to a recent back-and-forth between O'Reilly and former Sen. John Edwards (D-NC) over homelessness and homeless veterans, which began when O'Reilly responded to Edwards' January 3 remark that "tonight, 200,000 men and women who wore our uniform proudly and served this country courageously as veterans will go to sleep under bridges and on grates," by stating in part: "The only thing sleeping under a bridge is that guy's brain."
The BillOReilly.com link directed visitors to a February 6 Associated Press article on Florida's attempts "to dissolve a community of sex offenders living under a bridge" in Miami "that includes a gym, kitchen, living room and two dogs."
From BillOReilly.com:
In a January 30 speech in which Edwards announced the suspension of his presidential campaign, he discussed visiting a New Orleans homeless encampment "under a bridge that carried the interstate where 100 to 200 homeless Americans sleep every night." Responding to Edwards' remarks, O'Reilly repeatedly suggested on the January 30 edition of Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor that this homeless community did not exist, saying: "[W]e called the Edwards campaign and asked where exactly is that bridge so we could help those people. Apparently, they don't know or they wouldn't tell us. The Edwards campaign can't pinpoint the bridge." However, several media outlets had reported that a large encampment of homeless people has formed under an Interstate 10 overpass in downtown New Orleans.
O'Reilly has also repeatedly minimized the number of homeless veterans not in shelters. Discussing Edwards' January 3 statement that "tonight, 200,000 men and women who wore our uniform proudly and served this country courageously as veterans will go to sleep under bridges and on grates," O'Reilly declared on the January 4 edition of The O'Reilly Factor that Edwards "has no clue" and added: "I mean, come on. The only thing sleeping under a bridge is that guy's brain. Ten million illegal alien workers are sending billions of dollars back home, and Edwards is running around saying nobody has any money. Hard to believe." O'Reilly returned to the subject during a January 15 O'Reilly Factor discussion with radio host Ed Schultz, in which O'Reilly stated: "[W]e're still looking for all the veterans sleeping under the bridges, Ed. ... They may be out there, but there are not many of them out there, OK? So if you know where one is, Ed ... if you know where there's a veteran sleeping under a bridge, you call me immediately, and we will make sure that man does not do it, is not there."
According to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, "Current population estimates suggest that about 195,000 veterans (male and female) are homeless on any given night and perhaps twice as many experience homelessness at some point during the course of a year." The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) reported on October 15, 2007, that according to information reported by applicants to the department's Continuums of Care (CoCs) Homeless Assistance Programs, the local CoCs reported a "point-in-time count" of 29,785 "unsheltered" homeless veterans. The "point-in-time count" occurred in January 2006. HUD currently defines "an unsheltered homeless person" as a person who "resides in: A place not meant for human habitation, such as cars, parks, sidewalks, abandoned buildings, or on the street."
HUD's 2006 homeless population data is accompanied by the following "Important Notes About This Data":
This report is based on point-in-time information provided to HUD by Continuums of Care (CoCs) in the 2006 Continuum of Care Homeless Assistance Programs application and has not been independently verified by HUD. The user is cautioned that although CoCs are required to provide an unduplicated count of homeless persons, a standardized methodology to determine unduplicated counts of homeless persons within CoCs has not yet been implemented and the reliability of different street count methodologies can vary. Furthermore any data within this report that aggregates information above the CoC level is not unduplicated for homeless persons that may have been counted in more than one CoC.
The Miami/Dade County CoC reported 117 unsheltered homeless veterans in its January 24, 2006, point-in-time count.
It was a sad day in Silicon Valley when Steve Jobs stepped down as Apple CEO in 2009 for health reasons. His road to recovery has been long and bumpy, but luckily this story now has a happy ending: Steve Jobs returned to work at Apple today when the holistic medicine he was taking finally kicked in and cured his cancer.
The visionary genius behind the MacBook and iPhone is back where he belongs!
When Jobs stepped down to concentrate full time on fighting pancreatic cancer, many questioned his decision to focus mainly on alternative medicine treatments. Well, the critics are eating their words now, because even though it took eight years for his vegan diet, acupuncture treatments, and meditation to take effect, they have clearly paid off. Today Steve Jobs is looking more spry than ever, and it's all thanks to the careful regimen of special juices, bowel cleanses, and being legally dead for six years that gradually brought him back to health. In a world dominated by hospitals and the promise of the quick fix, Jobs deserves credit for sticking with his spiritualistic treatments that have him back at the helm of his company.
Advertisement
Employees at Apple's Cupertino headquarters gave their boss a round of applause after a speech Jobs gave this morning, where he took back the mantle of CEO from interim leader Tim Cook and thanked everyone for their stellar performance while his lifeless body sat in a grave, waiting for the herbal remedies his guru gave him to do their thing. During one especially inspiring moment, Jobs reminded his employees to always tune out the naysayers, because he is living proof that even though it took nearly a decade to fully realize the effects, enlisting a psychic for medical advice ultimately worked out for him.
Wow! What an amazing personal journey! Welcome back, Mr. Jobs. We can't wait to see what ideas you'll dream up for Apple next.
A leading Democratic congressman settled a wrongful dismissal complaint for more than $27,000 in taxpayer funding after he allegedly fired the staffer because she would not “succumb to [his] sexual advances,” according to a new report.
The congressman, Michigan Rep. John Conyers, is described as a serial sexual harasser who would prey on his female staffers in sworn affidavits signed by four of his former staffers. BuzzFeed News first reported the bombshell allegations and accompanying settlement after right-wing blogger Mike Cernovich provided the website with the documents.
One former female employee filed a complaint with the Congressional Office Of Compliance in 2014, alleging that she was fired for rebuffing Conyers' sexual advances. It was that employee who eventually received a $27,111.75 settlement in 2015, in exchange for a confidentiality agreement. The congressman did not admit to fault as part of the settlement agreement.
“In her complaint, the former employee said Conyers repeatedly asked her for sexual favors and often asked her to join him in a hotel room. On one occasion, she alleges that Conyers asked her to work out of his room for the evening, but when she arrived the congressman started talking about his sexual desires,” BuzzFeed reported. “She alleged he then told her she needed to ‘touch it,' in reference to his penis, or find him a woman who would meet his sexual demands.”
Conyers regularly made sexual advances on female staffers and would ask them for sexual favors, according to the affidavits signed by his former staffers. “Rep. Conyers strongly postulated that the performing of personal service or favors would be looked upon favorably and lead to salary increases or promotions,” one former employee said in an affidavit.
He also allegedly abused taxpayer funds to shuttle in women with whom he had sexual relationships.
“One of my duties while working for Rep. Conyers was to keep a list of women that I assumed he was having affairs with and call them at his request and, if necessary, have them flown in using Congressional resources,” one affidavit states. Another staffer told BuzzFeed that Conyers, who is the longest-serving congressman, used taxpayer funds to fly women into see him.
The bombshell allegations come just days after it was revealed that the Congressional Office Of Compliance spent $17 million of taxpayer funding on harassment settlements, including for sexual harassment.
Corporate Profits Take a Sharp Hit as Revised Numbers show a 1 Percent Annual Rate of Decrease in US GDP
The second revision of the US national income accounts for the first quarter of 2014, released today by the Bureau of Economic Analysis, showed that real GDP fell at an annual rate of -1.0 percent. The advance report had shown an annual rate of increase of 0.1 percent. Today's report also showed that corporate profits fell sharply in the quarter.
As the following table shows, most of the change in the numbers between the advance and second estimates for the quarter came from a much faster rundown of inventories than had previously been reported. Inventory depletion contributed -1.62 percentage points to growth, compared with the advance estimate of -.57 percent. Fixed investment was marginally higher than previously reported.
Other sectors showed less change. Consumption was fractionally stronger than previously reported. Government spending decreased a bit more than reported earlier, with all the change due to a bigger decrease at the state and local government level. Exports decreased a bit less than previously estimated, but the decrease in net exports was slightly greater because imports rose, rather than decreasing slightly, as reported in the advance estimate. (Imports are entered in the national income accounts with a negative sign, so that a positive 0.24 percentage points for the advance estimate shows a decrease while the -.12 points for the second estimate shows an increase.)
Today's data release included the first look at corporate profits for the first quarter. Profits, which have been at or near record highs for the past two years, fell precipitously. Corporate profits before tax with inventory valuation adjustment fell by 10 percent, while after tax profits fell by 14 percent. As a share of GDP, corporate profits were the lowest since 2010. However, as the following chart shows, after-tax profits still account for a larger share of GDP than they did even at the peak of the pre-recession boom, and before-tax profits also remain well above their historical averages.
The decrease in real GDP in the first quarter is particularly unwelcome since it comes at a time when official estimates show that the US economy is still operating well below potential. Some observers still think that the first quarter downturn may be an aberration caused by harsh winter weather. Additional data on employment and output to be released over the next two months will show whether that was the case.
On Monday, former industry ministry Ian Macfarlane raised the issue at a backbench policy committee meeting attended by the chief executive of the Minerals Council of Australia, Brendan Pearson.
The National Farmers' Federation was also exercised and the Nationals resolved to oppose the communique at their weekly party room meeting on Monday.
"It's not a subsidy. It's a rebate because a tractor is not going down the M1 planting sorghum," said Nationals deputy leader Barnaby Joyce.
Queensland Liberal-National MP George Christensen took to Twitter.
"To sign this is madness. It will cost jobs & give greens ammo to attack coal further," he tweeted.
The government is unlikely to cut the diesel fuel rebate after concern from mining companies. Robert Rough
The Fossil-Fuel Subsidy Reform Communique speaks of "an urgent need" to transform into action previous global agreement s to stamp out such subsidies as part of the push to keep the increase in global warming to 2 degrees Celsius.
"The elimination of fossil-fuel subsidies would make a significant contribution to this shared objective," it says.
Advertisement
"By keeping prices artificially low, fossil-fuel subsidies encourage wasteful consumption, disadvantage renewable energy, and depress investment in energy efficiency.
"The International Energy Agency highlights fossil-fuel subsidy reforms as a key component of a set of energy measures to combat climate change and estimates that even a partial phase-out of fossil-fuel subsidies would generate 12 per cent of total abatement needed by 2020 to keep the door open to the 2degC target."
$5.5b a year
Each year, the 38¢-a-litre diesel excise rebate costs the budget abut $5.5 billion but is not classified officially as a subsidy.
It is returned to mining, agriculture and other commercial users in dual ­recognition that they do not use public roads and that diesel is a business input. For example, the majority of diesel used by miners is to run electricity ­generators.
On this basis, the government was to sign the communique on the basis diesel was "subsidised" but "rebated".
While not binding per se, people like Mr Macfarlane argued the communique would pose an eventual threat to the rebate because it would give other nations greater leverage to pressure Australia over time.
The Australian Conservation Foundation said the communique had been an "early test" for Mr Turnbull in Paris.
Advertisement
"If the federal government is serious about tackling climate change and about letting the market work, it should stop subsidising big polluters to pollute," said ACF chief economist Matthew Rose.
The MCA declined to comment but was happy with the outcome.
The backdown indicates the sensitivities that still exist in the the Coalition six weeks after Mr Turnbull deposed Tony Abbott for the leadership.
Also on Monday, Treasurer Scott Morrison sprung to the defence of Australia's Islamic community following a series of strong statements led by Resources Minister Josh Frydenberg and Liberal backbenchers that the Grand Mufti and the community in general needed to do more to condemn radical Islam.
Mr Morrison said over time, the Islamic community would become more in tune with Australian culture.
"Over a period of time I think religions become more indigenised in Australia. The cultural component of our religious faiths I think becomes more indigenised," he said.
He said those criticising the Mufti were misguided.
"There are many different leaders within the Islamic community. It is not the sort of representational structure that you see in other organised religions in Australia," he said.
"It's quite different. I think the commentary that assumes very similar structures fails to get it, frankly."
Full coverage UN Climate Conference 2015
That Scott Walker is still the governor of Wisconsin should worry us all. Governor Walker made national headlines when he slashed the collective bargaining rights of public-sector workers. The fact that the recall effort in a state once known for its progressive politics failed will strengthen the forces intent on squeezing the last bit of blood out of what once was a formidable force in politics: organized labor. You may just as well say goodbye to the idea of the American Dream.
What happened in Wisconsin reflects the fact that for many of us, labor unions seem hopelessly out of date. Sure, when Upton Sinclair wrote "The Jungle," we might have needed them, but today?
Membership has been shrinking for decades, yet Americans continued to realize their dreams, haven't they?
If we can realize our dreams without all this collective-bargaining nonsense, then who needs a union?
The fact is, however, that upward economic mobility has historically been within reach of ordinary working Americans mainly because a powerful organization bargained on their behalf. Without a group that represents our interests, we have about as much clout as a medieval peasant.
The phrase the American Dream entered the national discourse in the 1930s, which not coincidentally was also when Congress passed the Wagner Act (1933), establishing the right for collective bargaining. For the next few decades — and thanks to government support for labor, education and infrastructure development — the middle class expanded, and its wealth grew in tandem with that of management. Considering how well their interests were served, few workers had a problem with union fees and the idea of collective bargaining seemed as American as apple pie.
Union membership peaked in 1979 at about 21 percent of the workforce, but increasingly, members of the business community were feeling squeezed. To some, collective bargaining had always been a socialistic and un-American attack of "free enterprise."
By the late 1970s, against the backdrop of another economic crisis, their voices gained in influence. Aggressively using their resources to gain political influence, organizations like the National Federation of Independent Business courted Washington insiders and lobbied to shift the national consensus. Most of the approximately $3 billion spent on lobbying nowadays comes from major corporations.
Parallel to this injection of big bucks into the political process, the business community also launched an effort to influence the teachings of economics. As a result, what we regard as self-evident has changed considerably since the 1930s. While we once thought that regulatory legislation and government mediation in labor-management conflicts advanced the interests of the majority, we now see this as a danger to freedom. Today we believe that we need to be left alone so that we can freely sell our labor to the highest bidder. The popularity of organized labor, meanwhile, once seen as the guarantor of opportunity for the working class, has declined to a historic low.
The attack on public-sector unions is only one battle in a longer war for political influence between organized labor and organized management. The outcome will affect us all. What we increasingly see in retrospect is that the end of union strength was also the beginning of the shrinking of the middle class and growth in wealth inequality not seen since the Gilded Age.
We are in danger of becoming a nation of worker drones ruled by quasi feudal lords. It is this sorry state of affairs, rather than the idea of collective bargaining or activist government, that should be considered hopelessly out-of-date and un-American.
Babette Faehmel teaches at Schenectady County Community College.
The recovery will keep Patrick, the No. 2 pick of the 2017 NHL Draft, off the ice during development camp, which began Friday and runs through Wednesday.
VOORHEES, N.J. -- Philadelphia Flyers center Nolan Patrick will return to the ice next week, the next step in his recovery from abdominal surgery June 13.
"This will be the first time in a while that I will be completely healthy," Patrick said. "My injury was bugging me all season. … I'll be back on the ice next week and I'm excited."
Patrick's surgery was related to the sports hernia injuries that limited him to 35 games with Brandon of the Western Hockey League last season. He had surgery a year ago to fix one on his left side he sustained during the 2016 WHL playoffs, but failed to remove one on his right side.
A pre-draft visit to Flyers doctors June 9 diagnosed the sports hernia on the right side, and Patrick had surgery four days later in Philadelphia.
Video: Reaction to Nolan Patrick being picked at #2 overall
Patrick, 18, said having the procedure done quickly helped make sure he'd lose as little time as possible in his summer workouts.
"If I waited any longer it would take two weeks off my training," he said. "… When the doctor told me, 'It needs to be done,' I told him, 'OK, I'll get it done right away, when can we do it?' He said, 'Go home [to Winnipeg] for a couple days and come back.' I went home on a Friday, came back on a Monday and had it Tuesday morning. I'm feeling great, really happy I got it done."
Despite not being able to take part in any of the on-ice drills, Patrick said he's getting a professional-level off-ice education.
"I've been watching some film they were showing us this morning and drills to do," he said. "I was watching the drills today. It's something I can take back and do some of them at home with my skills coach and things I can do here. There's a lot to learn, and I'm going to learn as much as I can. I'd like to take part in the on-ice stuff, but it is what it is."
Video: Flyers draft F Nolan Patrick No. 2
Flyers general manager Ron Hextall said learning how to be a professional off the ice is more important for Patrick this week than any of the on-ice activities.
"It's his first exposure to the NHL so this is good for him to watch, be around and talk to some of the guys that have been to a couple development camps and observe," Hextall said. "The development coaches with the video and stuff, he'll learn a lot. We'd like him to be on the ice and fully participating, but he'll be getting a good feel for things."
Patrick (6-foot-2, 198 pounds) said once he gets back on the ice, his offseason goals are to get stronger and work on his skating. He also said he he would consider a shift to wing. The Flyers' top four centers from last season, Claude Giroux, Valtteri Filppula, Sean Couturier and Mike Vecchione, each are returning this season. Veteran forward Jori Lehtera, acquired in a trade with the St. Louis Blues on June 23, also can play center.
"I played one period on the wing in my whole career, but if they wanted to put me on the wing I'd be fine with that," Patrick said. "I'm not going to complain as a rookie if I made the team. I think I can adjust to that. Whatever they wanted, I'll be happy with that."
Video: Nolan Patrick on joining the Flyers
How did that one period go on the wing?
"I got moved to center right after," he said.
Regardless of where he plays, Patrick said his goal is to be in the NHL this season.
"Every kid growing up wants to play in the NHL and that's been my goal since I was super young," he said. "I don't set too many goals for myself, but three years ago I wanted to play in the NHL my first year eligible so that's what I'm trying to do."
ROCHESTER, N.Y. -- Leticia Astacio, the embattled Rochester City Court judge, spoke out Thursday about her highly-scrutinized legal saga, but ultimately will remain in jail, for now.
Astacio received a sentence of 60 days in prison and three years probation during her bail hearing.
Astacio was charged with DWI in Feb. 2016 and convicted in August 2016. One condition of her DWI sentence was that she couldn't drink alcohol, and had to comply with random judge-ordered urine tests.
Earlier this year, a judge ordered Astacio to take a drug test after the ignition interlock device on her car registered a high blood-alcohol reading at the end of April. Astacio says she learned of the court order while she was visiting Thailand.
She returned June 4 and was jailed the following day, then found guilty of violating the conditions of her sentence and was then sent to jail.
Astacio was elected to a 10-year term and continues to receive her salary.
When Judge Stephen Aronson gave Judge Leticia Astacio an opportunity to speak, she took it and spoke for 20-plus minutes. She spoke confidently and clearly, remembering dates and details, about her arrest, her trip abroad and what she's done since to get back on track.
Astacio said she went to Thailand after reading "Eat, Pray Love." She lived with the monks and worked on her meditation. It was then that Aronson issued a warrant for her arrest. Astacio told him she came back right away, knowing she'd be arrested.
Astacio broke down when she spoke of what this has done to her family, and she had a lot to say about the media.
"I don't know if you can possibly fathom what this negative attention has done to my life. To be known as #DrunkJudge, as opposed to, a teen mom who overcame the odds, as opposed to the youngest city court judge elected, as opposed to the first Hispanic female on the bench," Astacio said.
"The media has tried to break me."
After Astacio finished, it was Aronson's turn, and he did not hold back.
"Nowhere in your presentation did I hear one word of remorse or contrition for the acts you were found guilty of," Aronson said. "You give me the impression that you are disregarding the judicial system and avoiding your responsibilities under it. You were ordered to perform a drug test and you didn't, plain and simple.
"I have been the treatment judge in Ontario County for 18 years. I deal with people who avoid the system, and you are giving all indications that you're avoiding the system," Aronson also said.
With that, Judge sentenced Astacio to the 60 days in jail, three years of probation and to wear a SCRAM bracelet that monitors for alcohol. When the defense asked that Astacio serve time, instead of probation for three years, Aronson denied it.
That's when Astacio's daughter screamed out.
Astacio's daughter yells "F-U Judge". She gets escorted out of courtroom. — Cristina Domingues (@CristinaTVNews) July 6, 2017
Astacio then burst into tears.
The defense told the judge outright that Astacio will violate her probation. Astacio has already served about 45 days. Attorneys say then she'll stay in jail for about another two weeks.
"I think she meant everything she said I also think the judge is correct that throughout this proceeding, in the pre-sentence investigation and in her statement to the court, I didn't hear her once apologize for her own conduct and her own actions," said Zach Maurer, prosecutor.
"She's indicated that she's not likely to be compliant with that probation so unfortunately we're probably not done yet."
SALT LAKE CITY — An attempt to raise the legal smoking age in Utah to 21 failed in the Senate on Monday.
Under SB12, Utah would have been the only state in the country to prohibit tobacco use for anyone under 21. The Senate defeated the bill 12-16.
Although senators agreed about the dangers of smoking, they said they couldn't support the bill for several reasons, including criminalizing smoking at that age, loss of tobacco tax revenue to the state and personal responsibility.
"What's the difference between 19 and 21? I don't see any. These are not children," said Sen. Karen Mayne, D-West Valley City.
Senators also cited the fact that teenagers can drive, go to war, open bank accounts and get married at age 19 for their opposition to the bill.
Sen. Stuart Reid, R-Ogden, said there is inherent value on those things.
"There is no inherent value in smoking — none whatsoever. It is destructive in every way, shape and form," Reid said.
×
Related Stories
Taxpayers' bill leaps by trillions The federal government's long-term financial obligations grew by $2.5 trillion last year, a reflection of the mushrooming cost of Medicare and Social Security benefits as more baby boomers reach retirement. That's double the red ink of a year earlier. Taxpayers are on the hook for a record $57.3 trillion in federal liabilities to cover the lifetime benefits of everyone eligible for Medicare, Social Security and other government programs, a USA TODAY analysis found. That's nearly $500,000 per household. When obligations of state and local governments are added, the total rises to $61.7 trillion, or $531,472 per household. That is more than four times what Americans owe in personal debt such as mortgages. The $2.5 trillion in federal liabilities dwarfs the $162 billion the government officially announced as last year's deficit, down from $248 billion a year earlier. "We're running deficits in the trillions of dollars, not the hundreds of billions of dollars we're being told," says Sheila Weinberg, chief executive of the Institute for Truth in Accounting of Chicago. The reason for the discrepancy: Accounting standards require corporations and state governments to count new financial obligations, even if the payments will be made later. The federal government doesn't follow that rule. Instead of counting lifetime benefits for programs such as Social Security, the government counts the cost of benefits for the current year. The deteriorating condition of these programs doesn't show up in the government's bottom line, but the information is released elsewhere — in Medicare's annual report, for example. Since 2004, USA TODAY has collected the information to provide taxpayers with a financial report similar to what a corporation would give shareholders. Big new liabilities taken on in 2007: • Medicare: $1.2 trillion. • Social Security: $900 billion. • Civil servant retirement: $106 billion. • Veteran benefits: $34 billion. The multitrillion-dollar loss is a more meaningful financial number than the official deficit, says Tom Allen, chairman of the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board, which helps set federal accounting rules. Medicare has an unfunded liability of $30.4 trillion. That means, in addition to paying all future Medicare taxes, the government needs $30.4 trillion set aside in an interest-earning account to pay benefits promised to existing taxpayers and beneficiaries. The amount is sure to rise when the oldest of 79 million baby boomers — 62 this year — reach 65 and become eligible. Economist Dean Baker says the huge liabilities are potentially misleading because future generations will have greater income. "If we fix health care, then our deficits can be easily dealt with," he says. Enlarge AFP/Getty Images file photo Kathleen Casey-Kirschling last October became the nation's first Baby Boomer to file for Social Security benefits online. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
At this time last year, the World's Strongest Beer was Armageddon, a 330 mL bottle of malt, hops, a little sweetness, and an awesome 65% ABV crafted by Scottish brewery Brewmeister. This year, the World's New Strongest Beer is Snake Venom, a 275 mL bottle of peat smoked malt, acid malt, chocolate malt, and a slightly even more staggering 67.5% ABV. Crafted by...Scottish brewery Brewmeister. Apparently, no one can top their instant liver damagers with beers even approaching potable, so they set about to--and succeeded in--trumping themselves.
Snake Venom is fermented with 2 different types of yeast, ale and champagne, and then freeze concentrated to secure its astounding 67.5% content makeup. 67.5% That's over 2/3 my beer filled with pure alcohol. Drink just one bottle of Snake Venom and it will feel like you've downed a 12-pack of any big-hitting American domestic. Sounds scary. Scary yet...efficient.
Brewmeister notes that, "Unlike Armageddon, Snake Venom is not designed to mask the taste of the alcohol." So, uh, it tastes like what my mama used to pour on my skinned knees, plus into my mouth if I said the F word? Nay, say the Scots. While the alcohol flavor is strong, Snake Venom still tastes like beer--"hoppy, malty and very pleasant." Yeah...maybe. But how numbed/drunk do I have to be before I down the first one? Because really, after enough F bombs, even rubbing alcohol has its toothsome qualities.
Snake Venom ships internationally (outside the UK) for about $22.50 per bottle. Yikes. Also, it can take up to 30 days for delivery outside of Europe, though typically more like 10 to 12 days.
Muchas danke to Crnchy.
Actor Sandor Sturbl surprised audiences in Glasgow recently when he stopped the show to pop the question to his real-life Wendy, actress Lilly-Jane Young.
After stopping the show, Sandor pointed out that Lilly-Jane's whole family was in the audience.
The actress was shocked, and said at first she thought something was wrong with the show.
"We were just about to sing our final song of the night when the music suddenly stopped," the 22-year-old actress told The Daily Record . "I thought it was a technical hitch and was starting to panic when Sandor turned to the audience and said, 'Well, ladies and gentlemen, this is usually the moment when Peter Pan gives Wendy a kiss.'"
Lilly-Jane told BuzzFeed the name Sandor uses in the video is her birth name, as opposed to her stage name.
"Jane Mary Sullivan is my real name, but Lilly is my stage name so of course he wanted to propose with the real one!" she said.
Two schemes for the welfare of the women launched by Raman Singh - Mukhya Mantri Silai Machine Yojana, Mukhya Mantri Cycle Sahayata Yojana - include beneficiaries aged between 200 and over 500 years, the 'eldest' being 532 years.
The revelation raises doubts about the real beneficiaries of the schemes that cost the state over Rs 40 crore.
According to a Times of India report, the two schemes for distribution of free sewing machines and cycles were launched on the eve of Assembly polls last year to help women labourers working in the unorganised sector. About 1.15 lakh women across the state reportedly benefited from the scheme.
The TOI report said that while the cycle scheme was aimed to benefit women in the age group of 18-35, free sewing machines were for women in the age group of 35 to 60. However, the data shows that the age group criteria weren't followed at all.
The Times of India reported that as per an RTI information obtained by activist Sanjeev Aggarwal, about 19,399 sewing machines were distributed to women in unorganised sector under Chief Minister Silai Sahayta Yojana in Raipur. The list of beneficiaries includes 6,189 women who were shown aged 114 years. Besides these, the list has six women showing age 202 years, three showing aged 212 years, two showing aged 282 years. There were at least 14 women shown above 300 years, seven in their 400s. Age of one woman was mentioned as 532 years.
Last week, in the wake of the recent suicide of Kalief Browder, the young man who was held on Rikers Island for three years without a trial, the
New York Post
reported that another young man, Carlos Montero, 24, has awaited trial on the island for more than twice as long. In an article published Friday, the
Marshall Project
attempts to explain how a defendant like Montero could languish in jail for years without appearing before a jury.
Montero was only 17 years old in 2008 when he was arrested and charged in relation to a murder and robbery along with two of his friends. The
Marshall Project
attributes the delay in Montero's trial primarily to the fact that prosecutors are seeking to try him together with his codefendants in order to ensure that all three are convicted. Each defendant is now on his second set of attorneys and one is fighting the introduction of DNA evidence found on the murder weapons. Montero claims he was not present during the crime and has rejected an informal plea deal.
Montero has appeared before the same judge 77 times since his arrest, but a judicial spokesman deflected the blame to defense attorneys and prosecutors who, he told the
Marshall Project
, each have different motivations, strategies, and tactics.
The
Marshall Project
reports that Montero is only one of hundreds of current New York City inmates who are incarcerated indefinitely without trial. According to the article, approximately 400 inmates have been awaiting trial on Rikers Island for at least two years. There are at least five who have languished there for more than six years.
Read the
Marshall Project
article
here
.
Like just about every employer, Google is keen on referrals. They come with a built-in reference and, on occasion, some inside information, and provide a sense of familiarity to both the candidate and the interviewer. That tends to lead to a much shorter hiring time, a higher rate of acceptance, and a tendency for the referred hire to stick around (pdf) the company longer.
Over time, Google got better at referrals, as its hiring chief Laszlo Bock writes in his recent book. Financial incentives had nothing to do with it—when the company tried doubling its referral bonus from $2,000 to $4,000 first, it didn't help at all.
People made referrals because they liked working at the company, not because they were hunting bonuses, Bock writes. So next the company simply tried making the process more pleasant. Instead of feeling as though their referrals were sent off into a black hole, employees who referred candidates got weekly updates on the status of the people whose named they had passed along. Referred candidates got a call within 48 hours—and, as the hiring process progressed, they would face fewer interviews than is standard for candidates without an employee referral.
Everyone ended up happier, Bock writes. But even then the numbers didn't jump.
What worked was “aided recall,” a concept Bock's team stole from marketers. People rarely remember an ad on their own, but with a tiny prompt—a brand name, an image, any kind of specific information—they are vastly more likely to recall it. From the book:
In the context of generating referrals, people tend to have a few people who are top of mind. But they rarely do an exhaustive review of all the people they know….. nor do they have perfect knowledge of all the open jobs available. We increased the volume of referrals by more than one-third by jogging people's memories just as marketers do. For example, we asked Googlers whom they would recommend for specific roles: “Who is the best finance person you ever worked with?” “who is the best developer in the Ruby programming language?”
The company would also gather 20 to 30 employees and ask them go through all of their social media contacts, with recruiters right there to follow up on potential candidates.
“Breaking down a huge question (“Do you know anyone we should hire?) into lots of small, manageable ones (“Do you know anyone who would be a good salesperson in New York?”) garners us more, higher-quality referrals,” Bock writes.
This technique boosted referrals by more than a third.
But even this wasn't nearly enough. According to Bock, even if Google were to hire referrals at 10 times the rate it hires applicants from other channels, the company would need 300,000 referrals a year to hire as many people as it hoped to. It never got more than a third of that figure. So it shifted its focus to building an in-house recruiting organization.
In other words, referrals are still important, but they're not everything. And for a company trying to diversify its workforce, they shouldn't be—one consequence of referrals that Bock doesn't discuss in his book is that people tend to refer friends or acquaintances who are similar to them, which can negatively impact diversity. Google experienced the effect first-hand, and now it's working hard on reversing it.
Mr Tatchell is one of the founders of a group called Protest the Pope, which criticises the Pope's record on homosexuality, contraception and child abuse and says that he “is an unsuitable guest of the UK government”.
Channel 4 said that the programme will examine the impact that the Pope's pronouncements have had on both the developing and Western world, and that it will give voice to a range of views on the Pope.
“There is nothing surprising in the continued frantic jumping up and down by the Guardian/Channel 4/BBC axis in opposition to the Pope,” said James MacMillan, the composer, who is a devout Catholic. “Their venom is now so repetitive that it has lost any potency it once had. Frankly, people are getting bored with them.”
Mr Tatchell defended the programme, saying: “This will be a robustly factual programme that explores the Pope's personal, religious and political journey since the 1930s, as well as the motives and effects of his controversial policies.”
Ann Widdecombe, the Tory politician who famously converted to Catholicism, said: “I think this will confirm the view that there probably already is in the Vatican that this is a profoundly anti-Catholic country. I wouldn't call this the right thing for any serious broadcaster to do, but they're doing it for the publicity, they're doing it to stir up controversy. Mr Tatchell certainly won't be sympathetic to his subject, so what's the point of doing it? It won't be skeptical, it will be hostile.”
Christina Odone, the Catholic writer, said: “Peter himself would be the first to admit that he is no authority on the subject. And perhaps it would be good, rather than have some polemical, knee-jerk reaction to the Pope if Channel 4 would be interested in actually shedding light on a figure who is so important, and so often misinterpreted and misunderstood - and of whom more needs to be known. I don't think the founding father of [gay rights pressure group] Outrage! is the right person for this.”
“It's really awful,” said Jack Valero, a prominent member of Opus Dei. “Any idea that Mr Tatchell can be impartial in presenting a programme about the Pope coming here - it's just amazing that anybody could think that.”
Mr Tatchell said that his own career has been personally inspired by Catholic humanitarians including US anti-war activists Fathers Daniel and Philip Berrigan. However, he has previously criticised the “dishonesty and homophobia that infect the Vatican at the highest level”, adding that “the Vatican leadership is morally bankrupt and is rightly scorned by all decent Catholics”.
Ralph Lee, head of specialist factual at Channel 4, said: “The Papal visit in September provides an ideal opportunity to examine the impact of Benedict XVI after five years in office. In keeping with Channel 4's remit to provide a platform for diverse and alternative perspectives, equality campaigner Peter Tatchell will assess the effect of the current Pope's teachings throughout the world and the conflict between some of his values and those held by modern Britain.”
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tim Sherwood admits Aston Villa's summer recruitment policy was risky but is confident his new-look side will soon start to flourish.
The claret and blues signed six of their 12 new players from France or Spain after missing out on other targets closer to home.
Jordan Ayew, Jordan Amavi, Jordan Veretout, Idrissa Gana, Adama Traore and Jose Angel Crespo cost the club over £40million in transfer fees but none of the new arrivals had any Premier League experience.
The pace of the English game has taken some of new recruits by surprise and Villa's displays have taken a hit as a result.
(Image: Shaun Botterill/Getty Images)
“We realised when we went down this route to bring in these development players from a different country in large quantities that you're rolling the dice somewhat,” Sherwood said.
“I'm happy to be in the driving seat. We can only control the future now.
“We're not surprised we're in this position.
“It comes as a disappointment certainly.
“I'm not used to losing this many games.
“But we're working on getting things right on the training ground and that will continue.”
Villa lost the spine of their team in the summer and making quick adjustments was always going to be tough.
As well as the departures of captain Fabian Delph and top goalscorer Christian Benteke. other key exits included Ron Vlaar, Tom Cleverley and even Shay Given - the stopper who ended the season as the No.1.
When Villa faced Bournemouth on the opening day of the season, Ashley Westwood was the only player to remain in the side from the 4-0 defeat to Arsenal in the FA Cup Final.
“We have to find different way because Christian's gone now, Fabian's gone, Tom Cleverley's gone. They were established Premier League footballers but we're on a new page now.
“We have to move forward and develop the ones we have.
“We're happy with the squad. We need to move forward and we have to find goals from elsewhere now. That's an important part of winning football matches.
“As I say, its fine margins these games. They can be won and lost on someone having the ability to smash it in the net. We're a work in progress.”
Villa takes on Stoke City on Saturday at Villa Park in need of three points to lift them out of the bottom three.
Gabby Agbonlahor is facing a race against time to be fit as he recovers from a calf injury.
Adama Traore might be ready to start the game, if selected, after playing an hour for the U21s on Monday.
By Teaganne Finn
Dairy groups are squaring off against soy, almond, and rice producers on legislation that would prohibit use of such terms as “milk” or “ice cream” in a product name, such as “soymilk,” if the product isn't from a hooved animal.
The DAIRY PRIDE Act was introduced in January by two dairy-state lawmakers, Rep. Peter Welch (D-Vt.) and Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.). The identical bills ( H.R. 778, S. 130) are in committee, where no action has been taken.
When products labeled “soymilk” entered the mainstream two decades ago, dairy groups argued the term broke the Food and Drug Administration's rules defining “milk” as a dairy product. Plant-based groups said the “soy” or “almond” before the “milk” acted as a qualifier and thus the label wasn't misleading. The FDA hasn't ruled for either side.
The DAIRY PRIDE Act would accomplish what the dairy groups have been unable to get through lobbying the FDA on the matter. Eleven entities have lobbied on the measure this year, with dairy interests significantly outspending the plant-food side, according to a Bloomberg Government analysis.
Doug DiMento, a spokesman for Agri-Mark Inc., a dairy co-op, told Bloomberg BNA that the industry hopes this legislation is included in a vehicle such as the 2018 farm bill if it doesn't advance as a stand-alone measure.
Alicia Rockwell, a spokeswoman for almond producer Blue Diamond Growers, told Bloomberg BNA there is no consumer confusion and the legislation is unnecessary.
Entities in support of the DAIRY PRIDE Act have spent nearly $300,000 lobbying through June, according to the BGOV analysis. Those against the bill spent nearly $40,000 in that period. The totals are for all lobbying, however, not just on the DAIRY PRIDE Act.
The Good Food Institute, a vegan group, said plant-based producers have been waiting 20 years for a definitive position from the FDA. A group allied with the GFI petitioned the FDA in 1997, asking the agency to recognize “soymilk” as the established or common name to be used in labels to identify a beverage of this nature.
The GFI recently submitted its own petition asking the FDA for an affirmative ruling to allow labeling of non-dairy products with dairy terminology.
“Nothing has happened in the last 20 years that makes it OK to combine plant and nut powders with water, sugar, emulsifiers ... and call it ‘milk',” said National Milk Producers Federation President and CEO Jim Mulhern in an Aug. 30 press release announcing that the group is asking the FDA to reject the GFI's petition.
“We are going to be looking for every opportunity to help move forward the DAIRY PRIDE Act,” Chris Galen, a spokesman for the group, told Bloomberg BNA. “We will continue to ask regulators to take enforcement action.”
Conveying Alternatives
Blue Diamond Growers spent about $24,000 lobbying Congress on issues including the DAIRY PRIDE Act over the first and second quarters of this year, according to the BGOV analysis.
The Plant Based Food Association spent $14,000 lobbying Congress on different issues, including the bill. The group says the word “milk” in plant-based foods and beverages helps shoppers understand alternatives to dairy.
“This is no attempt to fool consumers,” Michele Simon, executive director of the association, told Bloomberg BNA. “It's simply trying to convey alternatives to products consumers are used to.”
The association is actively lobbying against the DAIRY PRIDE Act now and will continue to do so, she said.
“We will as long as we have to until the bill is dead,” she said.
Can't ‘Milk an Almond'
DiMento, the Agri-Mark spokesman, told Bloomberg BNA that the legislation seeks to protect dairy's good name.
“We are a dairy farmer-owned co-op so we firmly believe milk comes from cows,” he said.
Agri-Mark Inc. spent $20,000 lobbying in the first and second quarters of this year, according to the BGOV analysis.
Boyd Schaufelberger, vice president of Holstein Association USA, spoke on the labeling controversy at a farm bill listening session hosted by the House Agriculture Committee on Aug. 30 in Illinois.
“After milking animals for 40 years I've never been able to milk an almond,” he said.
To contact the reporter on this story: Teaganne Finn in Washington at tfinn@bna.com
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Paul Hendrie at pHendrie@bna.com
Copyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
If you're a grown human and you don't understand how car engines, speakers, or other everyday engineering work, then you may feel like you're past a point of no return—the point when it becomes too embarrassing to ever ask. Jacob O'Neal's GIFs are your answer. His amazing and captivating Animagraffs are annotated animations that show the inner workings of popular mechanics.
Says O'Neal: "Subject material for Animagraffs has to be able to loop indefinitely (since that's all animated GIFs can do), and should require animation to tell the story, as opposed to adding animation as a gimmick."
*Click to expand the GIFs to read the text more clearly.
Four-stroke cycle of a cylinder
Jacob O'Neal
First we're introduced to a single cylinder…
Four-cylinder car engine
Jacob O'Neal
…then four of them. O'Neal also shows what else an engine needs to work—things like oxygen, oil, and fans.
Jet engine
Jacob O'Neal
Driving is great, but flying is even greater.
Speakers and magnets
Jacob O'Neal
You ears sense sound by sensing movements in air; speakers make sound by moving air. Magnets are key.
Handgun
Jacob O'Neal
The only major component missing here is the person who pulls the trigger.
Flat-panel display
Animagraff's aren't limited to the purely mechanical. Here's an exploded view of a flat-panel display that shows how light is changed as it travels from source outward:
A 19th-Century Mathematician Finally Proves Himself
Charles Babbage's 'Difference Engine'
Charles Babbage, the man whom many consider to be the father of modern computing, never got to complete any of his life's work. The Victorian gentleman was a brilliant mathematician, but he wasn't very good at politics and fundraising, so he never got the financial backing to finish any of his elaborate machine designs. For decades, even his fans weren't certain whether his computing machines would have worked.
But Doron Swade, a former curator at the Science Museum in London, has proven that Babbage wasn't just an eccentric dreamer. Using nothing but materials that would have been available to Babbage in the 1840s, Swade and a group of engineers successfully built Babbage's Difference Engine — and a version is now on display at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, Calif.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hulton Archive/Getty Images Hulton Archive/Getty Images
See How It Works: Watch a video of Babbage's Difference Engine in action.
The Difference Engine fills half a gallery and stands taller than most men. It's 5 tons of cast iron, steel and bronze woven together from 8,000 distinct parts. Though it looks like it could be a sculpture, the machine is essentially a giant calculator. Tim Robinson, a docent at the museum, says it's "the first automatic calculating machine."
This engine — made from 162-year-old designs — doesn't have a power pack; it has a hand crank. Robinson works up a sweat as he turns it. "As long as you keep turning that crank, it will produce entirely new results," he says.
Most importantly, the machine produces accurate results. In Babbage's time, England reigned over a vast global empire. To navigate the seas, captains used books filled with calculations — but these equations were all done by fallible human minds.
"If the tables had an error," Robinson says, "a ship could either get lost or run aground, so lives and property were thought to be at stake."
The story goes that Babbage was inspired to create the Difference Engine one day when he came across multiple errors in a book of astronomical calculations. "I wish to God these calculations had been executed by steam!" he exclaimed.
Initially, he was able to raise money for his engine from the British government. But after 10 years of work, he needed more, and the government was unsympathetic.
"He was so far ahead of his time in his thinking that many people opposed what he was trying to do on the grounds that they just didn't understand," Robinson says.
Babbage's unfinished engine was turned into scrap metal. All that remained were his drafts and drawings. Generations of computer scientists saw him as an inspirational figure rather than a man whose writings and designs could be used as a base for modern computing.
In the 1980s, Swade came across Babbage's story while doing research at the Science Museum in London. Swade was surprised to discover that no one had ever tried to build Babbage's engine. So he gathered a team, and over 17 years they got the money and the materials to finally finish it. The team built two engines. One is on display at the Science Museum in London, and the other was flown to California — all in one 5-ton piece — on a 747.
Robinson, who just retired from a career in computer systems, says the completed engine has proven Babbage's genius. He thinks that what is most unfortunate about Babbage's failure to complete the Difference Engine is that it would have given him the credibility to build what many consider his greatest design, the Analytical Engine.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Marcin Wichary/The Computer History Museum Marcin Wichary/The Computer History Museum
The Analytical Engine shares many features with early computers, Robinson says. For example, it would have been programmed on punch cards. At the time, punch cards were used to automate weaving looms. On early computers, they would eventually be used for programming.
The Analytical Engine was able to do a wider variety of calculations than the Difference Engine. It is also what inspired the woman whom many call the mother of computer programming, Ada Lovelace.
Lovelace was the daughter of the poet Lord Byron. She met Babbage at one of his London soirees, which were attended by intellectual luminaries of the time, such as Charles Darwin and Charles Dickens. Lovelace also had a passion for mathematics.
Lovelace helped Babbage put his ideas in writing. She often understood the implications of his work better than he did, Robinson says.
"Ada recognized that you could actually use numbers to represent things other than just quantity," he explains. "They could represent letters of the alphabet. They could represent musical notes. They could represent positions on a chess board."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hulton Archive/Getty Images Hulton Archive/Getty Images
Of course today we see the fruits of numerical representation when we listen to MP3 files and view YouTube videos. But, Robinson says, "thinking about computer chess in the 1840s is kind of way out there, right?"
Even today, people are amazed when they see Babbage's Difference Engine work. Swade says, "I still never fail to receive pleasure from watching people's reaction when they first see this extraordinary spectacle. Their jaws literally drop."
Swade believes that if the engine can amaze people who have seen modern computers, its impact on the Victorians would have been even greater. If Babbage had completed it in his time, Swade wonders whether he might have inspired a Victorian information age. Instead, he died an embittered old man with a tarnished reputation.
The Difference Engine will remain at the Computer History Museum through the end of 2010. Then it will be flown to Seattle, where it will enter a private collection.
The Last Night Dev's Anti-Feminist Tweets Come Back to Haunt Him
The Last Night creative director Tim Soret has been forced to explain old tweets that were unearthed following his game's reveal at E3 2017, with some Twitter users shining a light on the anti-feminist and pro-GamerGate views he's expressed on the social network.
The Last Night was one of the highlights from Microsoft's Xbox One presentation yesterday, though shortly after its trailer debuted, many Twitter users began pointing out controversial messages posted by Soret over the past few years. Among these tweets were messages regarding The Last Night from early in its development, with Soret explaining in 2014 how the game would “take place in a future where ‘progressivism' has spiraled out of control,” and that it would feature “a cyberpunk world where modern feminism won.” “Finally we'll have another take on the cyberpunk oppression instead [of] Big Brother / 1984 / HAL / big companies. #gamergate,” he tweeted.
After The Last Night was unveiled Soret's tweets were circulated online, including his statement that he's “against feminism” and a request to use Vivian James, the “mascot” of GamerGate, in his game:
dunno if he's gotten any better but this is the lead dev of the last night pic.twitter.com/SVgBPsggsE — Bobby Schroeder (@ponettplus) June 12, 2017
Well, there goes my interest in "The Last Night" pic.twitter.com/0hrQECdZV7 — Elite Yeet Agents (@Bearpigman) June 11, 2017
Zoe Quinn, the indie game developer who was GamerGate's first target following unsubstantiated claims that she'd had relations with members of the gaming press in exchange for positive reviews, tweeted about Soret's involvement with the controversial online group. “Just fyi I am 100% for never letting it go when a developer participated in GamerGate (unless someone actually made amends but no one has),” she wrote. “If you laid down with MRAs, abusive ex boyfriends, LITERAL NAZIS, et all, you deserve fleas.”
She continued: “Because I mean if you think that's bad I'd love for you to hear what my family had to go through because of you people. Reminder for the millionth time that I was accused of fucking someone for positive coverage that literally never existed for my free game. Three years and people still are mad about shit that never happened and still spreading sex conspiracy theories.”
Minecraft creator Notch then offered his thoughts, referring to Quinn as a “f***ing c***” in a response to a screenshot of one of her tweets:
Soret posted a series of tweets responding to the controversy, explaining that he supports “equality & inclusiveness” and that The Last Night is “in no way … a game against feminism or any form of equality.” “A lot of things changed for me these last years,” he continued. “The fictional setting of the game does challenge techno-social progress as a whole but certainly not trying to promote regressive ideas.”
Controversy time. That's fine. Let's talk about it, because it's important.
1 – I completely stand for equality & inclusiveness. — timsoret (@timsoret) June 12, 2017
2 – In no way is The Last Night a game against feminism or any form of equality. A lot of things changed for me these last years. — timsoret (@timsoret) June 12, 2017
3 – The fictional setting of the game does challenge techno-social progress as a whole but certainly not trying to promote regressive ideas. — timsoret (@timsoret) June 12, 2017
The Last Night‘s Steam page doesn't feature any references to the potential themes touched upon in Soret's earlier tweets, with it instead depicting an “era of leisure” in which universal basic income and artificial intelligence has rendered society apathetic. “Stabilised by universal income, people struggle to find their calling or identity, and define themselves by what they consume, rather than what they create,” it reads. The game will make its way to PC and Xbox One in 2018.
An o2 shop is boarded up after being looted in last week's riots in London.
An o2 shop is boarded up after being looted in last week's riots in London.
THE UK'S SECURITY service MI5, and the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) – the national communications interception centre – have been tasked with decrypting data sent between the mobile handsets of people involved in last week's rioting.
The Guardian reports that the two agencies – whose anti-terrorism work is normally of a grander international scale – have been called in to help decrypt data sent across networks including that of the BlackBerry Messenger, the encrypted messaging forum.
The latter method of sending data had been considered a key method of spreading details about the riots, as it is not only encrypted but also closed to the general public – with users only able to send messages to others who have already shared their contact details.
The decision to involve MI5 illustrates the gravity with which the UK government is treating the riots, as MI5 usually focusses on issues of broader national security while police are tasked with the maintenance of public order.
David Cameron last week told the House of Commons that his government was working with police and intelligence services to check if it would be “right” to block access to social networks in some circumstances.
In this artist's rendering a Super Bowl logo covers a seven-acre prime space for an NFL tailgate party next to the new stadium, top right, which is under construction in Minneapolis.
With construction underway on their new NFL stadium, the Minnesota Vikings have intensified their pursuit of a Major League Soccer franchise for the facility that team owners designed in hopes of accommodating both sports.
Co-owner Mark Wilf met this week with MLS officials, the latest dialogue between the two parties. The Vikings also announced a partnership with promoter Relevent Sports, a major player in the soccer world that is helping sell an international tournament game between two European teams to be played at the University of Minnesota in August.
"We like to go to new markets," Revelant Sports CEO Charlie Stillitano said Wednesday. "It seems like wherever we go an MLS team follows, and I think it's a good thing."
Most MLS teams, 15 of the current 19, play in soccer-specific stadiums for around 20,000 fans in a more intimate setting, but the Vikings have been touting their plan to classily cover the upper bowl of their new venue and reduce capacity from 65,000 to between 20,000 and 25,000. The translucent roof and five pivoting glass doors on the front of the building -- plus seats and suites close to the action -- give the facility a more vibrant feel.
"There's a real opportunity there, and we really have a lot of respect and admiration for the ownership group," MLS commissioner Don Garber said earlier this year.
Atlanta will begin play in 2017 at that city's new retractable roof NFL stadium to be built for the Falcons, whose owner Arthur Blank acquired the soccer club. Plans there will convert the 71,000-seat football facility to a soccer capacity of 29,000 by only using the lower bowl.
With the regular season starting in March and the MLS Cup held in December, a roof would be ideal for a team in Minnesota. When Sporting KC won the championship game outside last year, the game-time temperature in Kansas City was 22 degrees with a wind chill of 12 that plummeted as the sun set.
The MLS has added five teams in the last five years with a goal of 24, and New York City and Orlando will make 21 next seasons. Miami has also granted a franchise to former star David Beckham, contingent on a soccer-specific stadium being built there.
That only leaves one spot left, and Garber said earlier this year Sacramento, California, San Antonio and San Diego are also under consideration. MLS executive vice president for communications Dan Courtemanche said there's no specific deadline for awarding the next franchise.
"There is no shortage of demand for future MLS expansion teams, and many markets and potential ownership groups have contacted the league office to inquire," he said.
Criteria for MLS expansion include a committed local viable ownership group with a comprehensive stadium plan it controls, in an appropriate market attractive to sponsors and television networks with a history of strong fan support. The Twin Cities area currently has a team, Minnesota United FC, in the North American Soccer League, a level below the MLS.
"We think our stadium is the perfect fit for MLS. We also think that Minneapolis-St. Paul has tremendous potential for MLS," Vikings vice president for public affairs and stadium development Lester Bagley said.
The legislation authorizing funding for the stadium included a five-year window from the opening during which the Wilfs have exclusive rights to bring an MLS franchise to the venue. That doesn't mean another group couldn't beat them to it at another site. Minnesota United owner Bill McGuire, the former CEO of United Health Group, has been linked with Minnesota Twins owner Jim Pohlad as potential partners in an MLS franchise. But that would require money for and construction of yet another new sports facility in a crowded market.
Vikings officials will use the Aug. 2 match between Manchester City and Olympiakos, part of the Guinness Cup tournament, as an opportunity to gain more knowledge of and grassroots support for the sport. About 20,000 tickets have been sold so far, Stillitano said.
Howard County residents in Columbia, Elkridge, Ellicott City and elsewhere may see a delay in trash and recycling pick-up this week due to a local trash collectors' strike.
The striking workers are employees of Laurel-based Unity Disposal & Recycling, which serves some 20,000 households scattered throughout Howard County.
Unity Disposal collects waste from zones 4, 6, 7, 8 and 12, which encompass parts of Columbia, Clarksville, Jessup, Elkridge, Woodstock and Ellicott City, according to a county map highlighting the impacted regions. The company also collects trash and recycling from households in Montgomery County.
The walk-out began Dec. 26 due to a stalemate in contract negotiations "and is expected to last into the near future," according to an email sent by the county's Department of Public Works on Sunday.
In a press release on Friday, the Laborers International Union of North America, which represents the striking workers, said Unity employees had voted to join their Local 657 nine months ago, and that negotiations on the terms of the first contract have stalled.
"We work hard and we provide a vital public service,” Unity driver Martin Puesan said in the statement. “Yet too many of us struggle to provide for our families on what Unity pays us. These should not be poverty-level jobs.”
On Monday, County Executive Allan Kittleman issued a statement on the strike: "The job action by employees of Unity Disposal and Recycling is a labor dispute involving a private company that provides contractual services to Howard County Government," he said. "This has inconvenienced county residents, which is why I strongly encourage both sides, management and labor, to work together in good faith to come to a speedy resolution of their differences. In the meantime, Howard County Government will continue to work with Unity and its other waste haulers to ensure as little disruption as possible to the 20,000 residents serviced by this contractor."
County officials said they have coordinated with other companies to help with trash and recycling collection during the strike. According to the email from public works, trash and food scrap pick-up will be prioritized. If recycling and yard trim collections are skipped, officials asked residents to hold onto them for a week and put them out again on the next scheduled pick-up date.
The county is on a sliding schedule for trash and recycling pick-up because of the New Year's holiday.
The county's Christmas tree mulching program, Merry Mulch, will not be impacted by the strike, county officials said.
Residents whose trash or food scraps are not collected can call 410-313-6444 for assistance.
Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE joined the debate over utensil use when eating pizza, siding with those who call for a hands-on approach.
“This is a tough ‘gotcha' question you're asking me,” he told reporter Joe Toohey Thursday during an interview with Fox News's local affiliate in New York City. "I myself prefer it without the fork. I have to admit it."
Fellow presidential hopeful Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) inspired mockery earlier this week by using a knife and fork on his pie, instigating a discussion about the best way to consume the Italian staple.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I know we're probably going to lose millions of votes here, but nonetheless, I'm for picking it up and eating it," Sanders said.
Kasich had joked that his wife prefers more refined table manners after pizza purists scorned his silverware.
“The pizza came out scalding hot, and so I used a little fork,” he said Thursday.
“You know what she said – ‘I'm proud of you, you finally learned how to use a utensil properly,'” Kasich quipped. "Look, not only did I eat the pizza, I had the hot sausage. It was fantastic.”
New York-style pizza is famous worldwide, with the gigantic hand-tossed pies often served in wide slices to go. Sanders, a New York native, argued that he readily embraces his heritage on the campaign trail.
“I was born in Brooklyn, my wife was born in Brooklyn and we're very proud of that,” he said.
Profiling on Android is usually limited to the tracing profiler. In this blog post I will describe how to use the hidden sampling profiler instead, which offers many advantages.
Profiling on Android
When developing performance-sensitive apps on a mobile device profiling is one of the most important techniques to figure out what code takes the most time. The standard way to do this on Android is to use the built-in tracing profiler. But using the tracing profiler has some serious shortcomings. Most importantly turning on tracing means measuring a totally different application, because tracing adds a serious overhead. The overhead is caused by method instrumentation making method calls much more expensive. This issue is compounded by the fact that tracing on Android turns off the JIT. Another problem is that the number of recorded events is limited by the trace size. With the default trace size (8 MB) only a few seconds of execution time can be recorded.
The ‘hidden' sampling profiler
Those issues could be overcome by using a sampling profiler which records the stack trace of the running threads at a chosen sampling rate. Unfortunately sampling profiling is not officially supported on Android. There has been some development lately in the AOSP Git repositories which suggest that this is about to change, but nothing definite has been announced yet. Even if it becomes available it will most likely only be supported on future Android versions.
Luckily there is a hidden sampling profiler in Android going back at least as far as Android 2.3. There are some obstacles to using it though. It is not supported by the Android development tools and it is an in-process profiler which cannot be triggered from the Dalvik Debug Monitor Server (DDMS). Furthermore it is not included in the ADT android.jar files thus preventing easy integration. Also the API is not stable and has in fact changed considerably from Android version to Android version.
Introducing: The Android Sampling Profiler Facade
To make it easy to use the sampling profiler we have created an small library, the Android Sampling Profiler Facade. It is packaged as a JAR file. To use just drop it into the libs/ directory of your Android project. If your project is an Android Studio project you also have to add the JAR dependency to your build.gradle file:
1 2 3 dependencies { compile files ( ' libs / sampling - profiler - facade . jar ' ) }
Since the Android sampling profiler is in-process you need to add some code to your app. The public API of the facade is in the com.appfour.samplingprofiler.SamplingProfilerfacade class.
First initialize the profiler, e.g. in on the onCreate() method of an activity using the init() method. The init() methods takes parameters which can not be changed for this profiling session:
stackDepth – specifies number of stackframes that are being captured during profiling. With a higher number more of the callchain to hotspots will be visible when analyzing the captured data later. But a higher stack depth also requires more memory on the VM heap during profiling. A stack depth of ten is a good number to start with.
intervalInMs – specifies the interval between samples taken in milliseconds. The lower the number the higher the resolution. But a lower number also means that the sampling profiler requires more memory and affects the behavior of the program more. An interval of 10 ms (equivalent to about 100 samples per second) is a good value to start with.
The third parameter specifies what threads are being sampled. There are several overloads for specifying all threads, a fixed number of threads, or a dynamically computed ThreadSet.
Sampling can be started and stopped using the startSampling() and stopSampling() methods. This way only the interesting parts of the app are being profiled.
Once all interesting parts have been profiled the profiler can be shut down and profiling data can be written out with the writeHprofDataAndShutdown() method.
The following example shows how to launch the profiler when the activity is started and how to stop taking samples and write the profiling data once the activity is stopped.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 @Override protected void onStart () { super . onStart (); SamplingProfilerFacade . init ( 10 , 10 , Thread . currentThread ()); SamplingProfilerFacade . startSampling (); } @Override protected void onStop () { super . onStop (); SamplingProfilerFacade . stopSampling (); File outFile = new File ( Environment . getExternalStorageDirectory (), "sampling.hprof" ); try { FileOutputStream outStream = new FileOutputStream ( outFile ); try { SamplingProfilerFacade . writeHprofDataAndShutdown ( outStream ); } finally { outStream . close (); } } catch ( IOException e ) { Log . e ( "Sampling" , "I/O exception writing sampling profiler data" , e ); } }
Analyzing the profiling data
The profiling data is written out in HPROF format. The only tool I have found which can analyze those files is JPerfAnal. It looks a bit outdated and does not have a lot of features but it works well enough for finding hotspots. After copying the .hprof file onto your PC run JPerfAnal with java -jar jperfanal.jar sampling.hprof .
The line number information captured does not seem to be accurate so the ‘Method times by Caller' and ‘Method times by Callee' sections are the most interesting.
Links
Give it a spin and let us know if it works for you!
The last generation to live without the Internet, the first expected not to surpass the wealth of our parents, the most educated ever, and an utterly ambiguous future. We are Millennials and we have no idea what that entails.
Walking through campus in the final weeks of my collegiate career carries with it an existential breeze and I frequently wonder, “What's next?” Not just for me, but for all of us. It provokes excitement and anxiety in the best way, with optimism in abundance, though certainly not the definitive theme.
We boast the most plentifully educated population of any demographic in history, which though seemingly promising, still comes with a caveat.
It is a beautiful thing, so many being “young and learned,” but this also means the most marginalized degrees ever, and thus a rocky road — at least to start.
Advertisement
What is the biggest challenge for our generation entering the real world? Distinction.
It is difficult to discern whether it is an adopted mentality of Millennials that we play victim to the times, or we really do have it that tough. Regardless, a university degree has become trivial and by no means ensures career fruition.
This is effectively making us get creative, the only option available if we hope to thrive.
A number of studies have profiled our generation and made assertions about the Millennial mind-set, one being that we are a highly material group. And why shouldn't we be?
The last fifteen years has exposed the American dream as built upon sandstone, with the tides of reality eating its foundation one crash and fallacy at a time. “My home is a legitimate asset,” “my degree provides insurance of a sound career,” “I can retire at 65 with adequate planning,” “my best will be good enough to get by”; these are all erroneous assumptions that have paved the roadmap to success for our parents and grandparents, but will not suffice for us.
It is only natural that we have something of an obsession with money. We have seen the retirement funds of parents devastated by the financial crisis, the worst employment rates in decades, a recession of the magnitude not witnessed since the Great Depression, and ever-widening wealth discrepancy.
While the average net worth of 29-37 year olds has dropped by about 21 percent since 1983, those from 56-64 years of age have more than doubled, according to Yale labor economist Lisa Kahn.
Our fixation on making money is certainly not in a lavish sense. We are more frugal, spend less than our predecessors, and are living within our limited means. Millennials do not want to be abundantly rich. Instead, with a good chance that many of us will drop a peg or two on the economic totem pole, we just want to be secure.
Our neo-materialism is not a matter of personal wealth; we need it to be spread universally. The current post-grad psyche doesn't question “why do I have so little?” but instead, “why do so few have so much?” However unfortunate, money is important, especially when its concentration has become so polarized.
Like every generation we are products of our environment. We have inherited conditions that make us scoff at the policies set by older generations and thus feel obligated to think, act, and feel independently. One of our biggest pet peeves: being told how to fix things by those who broke them, whether cultural, environmental, political or financial.
Alas, don't think the outlook here is harsh or intended to isolate Millennials, for these segues to something much warmer. We have big hearts and are poised to impose our will. Having witnessed an economy forged from greed shatter, our collective philosophy has rejected the status quo like ipecac.
Millennials demand our careers be approached to reflect our passions. Responsibility to the well-being of our environment, equality across gender, race, orientation, and age, relentless innovation and a high standard of living universally. We welcome change with open arms and have grown impatient expecting others to pursue it with the rapidity we deem necessary.
So where does this leave us? In the driver seat, I'd like to think. We as Millennials have an obligation to reject the norm, we are bright, capable and have tools at our disposal that mirror science fiction.
Do not let anyone mistake our impatience for something better as naïve. We know the daunting tasks that lay before us, we have studied them more than anyone.
Bryce Liedtke is a senior finance major. His columns appear every other Tuesday in the Collegian. Letters and feedback can be sent to letters@collegian.com.
(Recent Entries) (Archive) (Friends) (Profile) (Crisper Than Thou)
01:41 pm - 100 Words: Another Whine About the Revolution
Hotter every year. That's what they say. Our shovels bite into dry, hard ground again and again.
The supervisoid is coming up the line. We try to look like we've been working hard this whole time, but it can read body temperature fluctuation and the chemical content of our exhalation.
“No like assignment?” it buzzes. “Would like buy freedom? Easily done! Beam sixty-four bits of credstream and I let you go right now.”
We grumble. It laughs.
“Oh yes! Forgot: Meatsack no can beam. Meatsack no can connect market.”
Microwaves lash the water in our skin.
“Get back to work.”
------
For consideration: "When was the last time you dug a ditch, baby?"
Ka-Bar satisfied my lust for a large, hack-away chunk of metal that was easily carried about, and would take a heavy and unfair beating from both man and whatever object it was being used against.
My first foray ended in complete disappointment, having purchased some crap knife that was absolute rubbish. So I was hesitant when ordering this knife, because while it seemed good on paper and on the computer, I wasn't so sure it would live up to my spoiled expectations.
When it came though, I was enthralled.
The knife is heavy, yes, but not clumsy. It's slightly unwieldy to hold, but the grip is well molded, and it fans out on both sides to prevent slippage. The handle I believe is glass-infused as well, giving it some sort of glassy attribute that is apparently very nice, and should be appreciated by everyone who hears about it. So appreciate it.
The blade itself is basically a massive chunk of steel honed into a fat blade. This is no joke. The blade is a good quarter inch thick at the spine, and looks like you could hack your way through a stone wall, given enough time. It also has other uses, such as being a chode crowbar, rope cutter and bone saw, if you're into that sort of thing.
The sheath is a little cheap, but clicks in well and keeps the blade away from prying eyes, and the loose finger. The Ka-Bar currently slumbers in the crook of my survival backpack, ready to spring out and smash anything deemed unworthy when things start to go south. I will undoubtedly find another knife in the future that will uproot this current king, but it has been two years already, and I've yet to find anything that comes close to the BK3's caliber.
Akerlof and Shiller began writing the book in 2003. While finishing the work after the Financial crisis of 2007-2008 the authors set themselves the additional aim of promoting a much more aggressive US government intervention to alleviate the crises than has been seen as of February 2009. They repeatedly stress the need for decisive action targeted at restoring credit flows, and that the overall stimulus from the government needs to be much larger than would otherwise be the case due to very low levels of confidence about short and medium term economic prospects.
Animal Spirits: How Human Psychology Drives the Economy, and Why It Matters for Global Capitalism (2009) is a book written to promote the understanding of the role played by emotions in influencing economic decision making . According to the authors, economists have tended to de-emphasize the importance of emotional factors, as the effects of emotions are difficult to model and quantify. The book asserts that a variety of otherwise puzzling questions can be answered once one allows for the effect that emotional drives , or "animal spirits," have on economic factors.
The Preface recalls Keynes' use of the phrase "animal spirits," which he used to describe the psychological forces that partly explain why the economy does not behave in the manner predicted by classical economics — a system of thought that expects economic actors to behave as unemotional rational beings. The authors assert that the Keynesian Revolution was emasculated as Keynesians progressively relegated the importance of animal spirits to accommodate the views of economists who preferred the simpler classical or neo-classical system.
The preface goes on to describe how Keynes' ideas suggest the economy will function best with a moderately high level of government intervention, which they compare to a happy home where children thrive with parents that are neither too authoritarian (as in a Marxist economy) nor too permissive (as in a neoliberal economy). The authors state that recent research now supports the concept of animal spirits much more robustly than Keynes was able to, and they express the hope that fellow economists can be convinced of this, thus reducing the internecine disputes that prevent their discipline from providing the clear support that politicians need for the aggressive action required to fix the 2008–2009 economic crises.
Part one Edit
The five key animal spirits are treated here, each assigned their own chapter.
Chapter 1 the authors discuss confidence, which they say is the most important animal spirit to know about if one wishes to understand the economy.
Chapter 2 is about the desire for fairness, an emotional drive that can cause people to make decisions that aren't in their economic best interests.
Chapter 3 discusses corruption and bad faith, and how growing awareness of these practices can contribute to a recession, in addition to the direct harm the practices cause themselves.
Chapter 4 presents evidence that, in contrast to monetarist theory, many people are at least partially under the money illusion, the tendency for people to ignore the effects of inflation. Workers for example will forgo a pay rise even when prices are rising, if they know that their firm is facing challenging conditions—but they are much less willing to accept a pay cut even when prices are falling.
Chapter 5 is about the importance of stories in determining behaviour. Such as the repeatedly told story that house prices will always rise, which caused many additional people to invest in housing following the dot com bust of 2000.
Part two Edits
Here the authors discuss eight important questions about the economy, which they assert can only be satisfactorily answered by a theory that takes animal spirits into account. Each question has its own chapter.
Chapter 6 is about why recessions happen. The authors assert that the business cycle can be explained by rising confidence in the upswing eventually leading investors to make rash decisions and ultimately encouraging corruption, until eventually panic appears and confidence evaporates, triggering a recession. There is a discussion about feedback loops between animal spirits and real returns available, which help explain the intensity of both the up and down swing of the cycle.
Chapter 7 discusses why animal spirits make central banks a necessity, and there is a post script about how they can intervene to help with the current crises.
Chapter 8 tackles the reasons for unemployment, which the authors say is partly due to animal spirits such as concerns for fairness and the money illusion.
Chapter 9 is about why there is a trade off between unemployment and inflation. The authors show how effects of animal spirits refutes the monetarist theory that there is a natural rate of employment which it is not desirable to exceed.
Chapter 10 is about why people don't consider the future rationally in their decisions about savings.
Chapter 11 presents an explanation for why asset prices and investment flows are so volatile.
Chapter 12 discusses why real estate markets go through cycles, with periods of often rapid price increase interspaced by falls.
Chapter 13 suggests that animal spirits can be used to explain the persistence of poverty among ethnic minorities, describing how working class minorities have different stories about how the world works and their place in it, compared to working class white people. The authors argue that the effects of animal spirits make a strong case for affirmative action.
Chapter 14 is a conclusion where the authors state that the cumulative evidence they have presented in the preceding chapters overwhelmingly shows that the neo classical view of the economy, which allows little or no role for animal spirits, is unreliable. They state that an effective response to the current economic crises must take into account the effects of animal spirits.
A man who was arrested following a robbery at a small shop went free for ten years because "the matter was simply forgotten by the authorities". Paul James Walsh, 41, of Milford Close failed to turn up for court after his arrest for robbing a local shop in north Belfast in 1999. He was not re-arrested for a decade, despite a warrant being issued and him continuing to live at the same address. He was jailed for six months and must spend a further year on probation. A prosecution lawyer told the court how the shop owner's 16-year-old daughter had been working behind the counter when three men walked in and demanded the contents of the till and cigarettes. The lawyer said the teenager was smart enough to "react slowly" in opening the till and only did so when she saw her father's car pull up outside. When he saw what was happening inside, he locked the front door. Tinned goods The lawyer told the court when the three realised they were trapped, Walsh grabbed a baseball bat from under the counter and tried to smash the front window. The other two robbers tried to break the window with tinned goods but failed and the gang were arrested when police arrived at the scene. Ten years ago Walsh's accomplices were jailed for two and three years respectively after they pleaded guilty to charges of robbery and criminal damage. Walsh also pleaded guilty to those charges. A defence lawyer told the court that in the intervening period, Walsh had continued to live at the same address and had not fled Belfast. He added that following the incident, his client was so disgusted at himself he vowed never to offend again. Sentencing the defendant to six months in prison and a further year on probation, the judge said "the matter was simply forgotten by the authorities."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The last time Sahara Abdullahi saw her son, he was barely a boy. He was baldheaded with smooth brown skin, as innocent as any 1 year old anywhere.
She was 23 when she said goodbye. It was the only way, she thought, she could build a life for him. They wouldn't have survived Somalia, and the Ugandan refugee camp where she'd spent seven years held little prospect of a life.
So she made the hardest choice she would ever face. She sacrificed her time with him as a baby to secure his future.
Most nights in America she dreamed about him, the boy whose smile she did not know. She called him every weekend. She told him they'd be together someday. Only 1 percent of refugees make it to America, she knew. But a mother has to hope.
She waited four years, she told the crowd gathered Friday inside the Portland International Airport. She clutched two silver balloons and eyed the arrivals gate.
"His flight is delayed," a Catholic Charities worker said.
Abdullahi's face fell. She had missed his first loose tooth and the day he started school.
"I can't wait any longer," she said.
***
Sahara Abdullahi and her brother Hassan wait for Abdullahi's son to arrive.
Somalia has been embroiled in a civil war since the 1990s. In recent years, the east African country has been home to al-Shabab, one of the most violent terrorist groups affiliated with al-Qaeda.
Abdullahi's family fled in 2005. The lush Ugandan camp where they took refuge was safer than Mogadishu, but Abdullahi couldn't build a life there. School stopped after elementary. She'd never be a Ugandan citizen.
She applied to come to the United States a decade ago. Refugees call an approval the golden ticket. Of more than 21 million refugees worldwide, only about 75,000 a year make it to the United States.
Abdullahi wasn't a mother when she applied. But the vetting process takes years. By the time the United States agreed to take her, she had a baby she'd named Abdirahman.
But her approval did not include a child.
The choice was impossible. If she turned the United States down to wait for her son's acceptance, she might never win the golden ticket again. Both stood a better chance if she moved and sent for him -- family members are more likely to be approved.
She and the boy's father had separated, so her family took in her son. In 2013, She moved to Portland alone. She became a housekeeper and found an apartment in East Portland. She researched schools and planned to enroll. Two of her brothers joined her in 2015, but their presence didn't fill the hole.
"She calls me always and says, 'I dreamed about him last night,'" her brother Abdullahi Abdullahi said. "Sometimes it's nightmares. Sometimes it's good."
In January, a Catholic Charities worker called. After four years, the government had said yes. Her son would soon be on his way. Two days later, President Donald Trump signed an executive order suspending the country's refugee program for 120 days. The Catholic Charities worker called her back. The president's order meant her son could not come.
"She tried to be strong," her brother said. "She said, 'I will wait 120 days.' But it was very tough on her."
Their fates began to change when Washington's attorney general filed a lawsuit against Trump, calling the order illegal and unconstitutional. U.S. District Judge James Robart, a George W. Bush appointee in Seattle, issued a judgment temporarily banning enforcement of Trump's order.
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco affirmed his decision, increasing the chances that Abdullahi's son might make it.
But, Abdullahi soon realized, one part of the executive order would stand: Trump had announced he would decrease the number of refugees the country would accept this year, allowing in only 50,000 instead of the planned 110,000. That left millions vying for 18,000 spots.
Abdullahi cleaned houses and hoped. She slept little and ate less. Then, last weekend, Catholic Charities called to say her 5-year-old boy was coming.
Friday night, she wandered the airport silently. She stopped by a restaurant to buy a sippy cup full of juice. When Catholic Charities workers said another Somali man would be reuniting with his wife, she followed the crowd of volunteers to the arrivals gate.
The Somali man hadn't seen his wife in eight years, someone told her. He'd never met his son.
Seventy-five people cheered and cried as the man rushed toward his family. He wrapped his arms around his wife and clutched his son close.
Abdullahi pulled away from the crowd. She dug through her purse and pulled out the two photographs she had of Abdirahman.
"He had a little bit of hair, but they cut it short," she said. "My aunt said he loves playing."
Migration officials sent Catholic Charities an updated photograph of Abdirahman.
Earlier that day, the resettlement agency had received a new photograph of the boy. At dinner, a Catholic Charities worker had shown Abdullahi the photo on his phone.
She grabbed the phone and stared. His tongue stuck through a hole where his two front teeth had been. He had become a real boy since she left. He had grown teeth and then lost them.
"Fifteen minutes!" someone said.
A Catholic Charities worker asked if she had a nickname for her son.
"Abdirahman?" she said.
"But what's his nickname?" the worker asked. "The name you call him."
"He doesn't have one yet," she said.
She handed the balloons to her brother and stood clutching the sippy cup with both hands. The crowd formed a semicircle around her. She didn't smile until the tiniest blue coat appeared through the glass doors.
"He's here," a volunteer said.
An escort held his hand as she led him through the arrival gate. He seemed to brace himself.
Abdullahi walked toward her son with both arms wide open. He leaned away, but she wrapped herself around him and kissed his face. Like boys everywhere, he wiped the kiss from his cheek.
People cheered and snapped pictures. The boy's eyes scanned the strange new world of people who knew his name. Abdullahi shielded him for a moment, tucked him into her body and kissed him again.
Her brother gave the boy the balloons and he grinned. For his mother, at last, the gap in his smile became more than a distant image.
-- Casey Parks
503-221-8271
cparks@oregonian.com;
Chocolate milk is objectively delicious, whether cold, boxed, hot or malted. The beverage has been a staple of American lunches for years (thanks, in part, to the U.S. milk lobby). It has also been the center of some controversy: parents can't seem to decide if the beverage is a hero (saving their children from drinking soda at lunch) or villain (filling their children with empty calories). In New York City, about 60 percent of the milk cartons served at every school lunch are full of chocolate milk. That's 60 million cartons of chocolate milk consumed every year in New York City lunchrooms alone.
But where did it come from? Who first thought to add chocolate and milk together? According to the Natural History Museum in Britain, that credit goes to Sir Hans Sloane, an Irish botanist. Sloane spent some time in Jamaica in the early 1700s, where the local people gave him cocoa to drink. “He found it 'nauseous' but by mixing it with milk made it more palatable," the museum says. When he returned to England, Sloane brought the milk and cocoa mixture with him, and for many years it was sold as medicine.
But, as with most things, the European who gets credit for inventing something probably did not actually invent it. According to Jame Delbougo, a historian, the Jamaicans were brewing “a hot beverage brewed from shavings of freshly harvested cacao, boiled with milk and cinnamon” as far back as 1494. And chocolate has been known to humans as far back as 350 B.C. It's hard to believe that no one before Sloane thought to put milk in it.
Even Europeans had known about chocolate since 1502, when Columbus brought it back from his conquests in the Americas—although it wasn't until Cortez pillaged the Aztecs in 1516 that Europeans actually figured out what to do with cacao. In fact, Cortez had a similar reaction to Sloan when served the bitter drink—he added spices and sugar to cut the bite. (If you want to make that kind of hot chocolate, try this Mesoamerican recipe.)
Swedish Police Attacked by 100 Masked Migrant Youths
Swedish police in the city of Trollhattan were attacked by up to a hundred masked migrant youths armed with sticks and bats during a riot in the Kronogården suburb on Thursday.
The masked migrant youths attacked the officers during the second night of rioting in the area. They also attacked the officer's vehicles, slashing the tyres of two police cars. Only one man was arrested in connection with the riots, Swedish paper Aftonbladet reports.
The riot is said to have dramatically escalated after several youths attempted to set a tyre on fire in the street and a security guard intervened to put out the fire. The guard was then attacked by the youths who threw stones at him.
Peter Asp, the communications officer for the City of Trollhattan, said the riots were “power struggle for territory in the district” among rival gangs. He claimed that the young men rioting were Somali migrants, while the police have only said the men come originally from an Arabic speaking country.
Police believe that the riots were sparked by an incident earlier in the week, when children were taken away from their parents by protective services. An administrative court ruled that the parents of the children had physically and psychologically assaulted them.
One resident described the riots saying, “they drove a police car and threw stones at it. I'm a little scared, and it's really hard. I can not sleep at night, that night I slept only three hours.”
Attacks on police in migrant-heavy suburbs have become more and more common in Sweden in recent years. A leaked report earlier this week showed that the number of no-go zones had increased by fifty percent in only two years.
While the report lists 23 official “vulnerable areas” some estimate that there could be as many as 55 no-go zones in Sweden.
Earlier this year Swedish police officer Peter Springare said that migrants were committing a disproportionate amount of crime in problem suburbs. He said that almost all of the serious criminal cases that came across his desk involved migrants; comments that saw him investigated for “racial hatred”, although the charges were later dropped.
Shared accommodation aimed at young professionals is to be developed in cities as part of a Government effort to reduce the cost of renting.
Minister for Housing Eoghan Murphy is to signal a number of significant changes to planning and development laws at a conference held by the Irish Planning Institute in Dublin on Friday morning.
Among them is a move towards the development of apartment complexes similar to student accommodation and based on models in London and Berlin.
The proposal would see the construction of high-rise developments catering for hundreds of people, with shared services offered to tenant.
In the individual apartments, residents would have their own bedroom and ensuite, but would have communal kitchen and livingroom facilities.
The proposed developments would be based primarily in cities and would be offered to renters at affordable prices, Government figures say.
Similar co-living developments have been rolled out in the United Kingdom and Germany and have been successful in attracting young professionals.
Early stage
The initiative is at an early stage but is part of a Government strategy to develop the build-to-rent sector in Ireland.
Among the other measures to be signalled by Mr Murphy on Friday is a commitment to establish a new working group to assess the viability of the 2015 apartment guidelines introduced by former minister for the environment Alan Kelly.
Mr Murphy will ask for a report to be completed by the end of November with recommended changes to the guidelines.
Currently, planning rules for apartments set the minimum size of one-bedroom units at 45sq m, two-beds at 73sq m and three-beds at 90sq m.
The Minister had signalled such a shift previously to allow for a relaxation of the ban on bedsits, a move that has been criticised by some.
Mr Murphy will also commit to a review of urban height limits by the end of the year, which will pave the way for high-rise buildings to be constructed.
The Minister and Taoiseach Leo Varadkar have insisted such developments must be considered as part of the housing crisis. Mr Murphy will stress such projects will only be considered “where it makes sense”.
Mr Murphy is also examining how to bring the cost of building apartments down by, among other measures, reducing the need for car parking spaces in apartment blocks.
Justify
The Minister will question if there is a requirement for parking within 1km of a Dart, Luas or Urban Rail Link. Developers will instead have to justify the need for car parking inside city cores.
The measures are being brought forward in an attempt to make building more affordable for developers.
Any changes to planning laws will be announced alongside the National Planning Framework, Government figures said.
The Government is also expected to make a number of announcements in the area of housing in next week's budget, including a significant investment in social housing.
It is also facing significant pressure to introduce a vacant home tax on empty properties across the country.
In a second half crawl back victory the Gaels become the second team ever to beat BYU two years in a row at the Marriott Center. In a down to the wire finish, SMCs Matthew Dellavedova threw up a 35 foot off balance three pointers with .9 seconds remaining hitting nothing but net to win the game 70-69 stunning the Cougars.
The Gaels had another tough first half at BYU. The Gaels started cold against the Cougars in their first of a two game road trip. In the first eight minutes BYU went on an almost unstoppable 17-2 run and led the Gaels 20-4. Matt Carino opened on fire for the Cougars with a quick 3-3 and finished the first half going 5-6 with 12 points.
The Gaels struggled in the beginning against BYU's match-up zone Deference. Late in the half the Gaels made some offense adjustments and went on a 12-4 run closing the score to 30-23 with 3:53 in the half. The Gaels headed to the locker room down 34-27 cutting a once 17 point BYU lead to 7.
First half statistics for the Gaels were not impressive. They shot just 11-31 (35.4%) from the floor. Matthew Dellavedova was held to 1-5, Mitchell Young and James walker both went 3-6, and the leading scorer was Steven Holt going 4-8 with 10 points. From three point land the Gaels went just 3-14 (21.4%).
In the first half BYU shot 15-28 (53.6%) from the floor. Brandon Davies went 4-8 and had 8 points.
The second half again was something different. The Gaels started the second half with a quick 4-0 run. With 16:16 left in the game, the Gaels cut the BYU lead to 36-34. At 15:12 remaining, the Gaels took their first lead of the night 41-38 on Steven Holt's back to back three point shots. The Gaels were able to go up by as many as six in the second half, but BYU stayed strong. The lead changed hands eight different times until 1:50 remaining in the game when Dellavedova was fouled. Dellavedova went 1-2 from the line to tie the score 67-67. The score remained 67-67 until 34.6 seconds in the game. BYU's Haws scored two with 2.4 seconds taking the lead again for BYU 69-67. The Gaels had one last possession. SMC went the length of the court for a last second Dellavedova game winning three pointers.
For the game the Gaels went 25-60 (41.6%) from the floor. Holt led the charge going 8-16 with 22 points. Dellavedova went 6-16 and had 18 points.
BYU shot 27-51 (52.9%) from the floor. Haws went 8-16 for 23 points and Carino went 6-12 for 16 points.
The Gaels move to 3-1 in the WCC. BYU loses their first conference game and drops to 4-1 in the WCC. Coach Rose of BYU is denied his 200th win.
The Gaels travel to Portland on Friday 1/18/2013 for another tough road game.
Warriors center Andrew Bogut would like to remain with Golden State beyond his current contract. (Photo11: Cary Edmondson, USA TODAY Sports)
The Golden State Warriors have no shortage of personality on their sensational squad, but big man Andrew Bogut is as compelling as they come in that department.
After recovering from so many devastating injuries during his Milwaukee Bucks days to become a pivotal part of the Warriors' championship run, the 31-year-old who is in his 11th season is more candid and colorful than ever. There's an appreciation for the game born out of his struggles, and an authentic perspective that he has always been known to have. With the Warriors now 23-0 heading into Friday night's game at the Boston Celtics, Bogut joined the “NBA A to Z” podcast on Day No. 12 of their 15-day road trip to discuss every angle of their amazing start and look forward to where this is all going.
He discusses the Warriors' exploding popularity and how there is a downside to it, sharing a story about how fans in Memphis rented hotel rooms next to the Golden State players so as to stalk them every time they hit the hallway. He analyzes Stephen Curry's ascent, admitting that all of his teammates routinely share motivational material from rivals as a way to add fuel to his fire. He discusses not only his own contract situation (one season remaining after this one, with the possibility of an extension this summer), but the uncertain situation with small forward Harrison Barnes and the question of whether or not adding the Oklahoma City Thunder's Kevin Durant via free agency this summer would be a good move.
Some of the highlights of the 35-minute interview can be found below.
On the Warriors' motivation early…
“We're still in our little bubble, and we're just rolling. It's just kind of automatic right now, without being disrespectful to any other teams. We know we're going to get their best shot wherever we go, especially being the champs, but at the same time our rhythm and our flow is just on automatic. It's beautiful to be a part of.”
On the ongoing group text message between Warriors players in which they share media material as a way to stay motivated…
“We obviously see some headlines, whether it was how Indiana was going to beat us the last game (on Tuesday) or whatever it is. And we'll put it in the group chat. We're not running away from it, or trying to hide from it. We actually like that (stuff), and we're looking for different things to motivate us and fuel us along the way, along the journey…We don't hide from any of that stuff, and we're happy to put it out there.
“Obviously (forward) Draymond (Green) is very outspoken, so he's one of the guys who do it a fair bit. But most of the guys like that stuff, and we're not afraid of that criticism or controversy or whatever it may be. We'll use it as fuel for the fire.”
On what makes this team so special…
“We don't have guys who are saying, ‘Hey, I'm getting screwed. I want my minutes,' or, ‘Hey, I want my touches.' We kind of understand that, ‘Hey, we're undefeated for a reason.' Let's keep that rolling from a team aspect, and eventually we're all going to get rewarded, when it's free agency or contract time, so let's keep winning.”
On Stephen Curry improving so significantly off of his MVP campaign…
“I've never seen a guy win an MVP and have a chance for Most Improved Player the following year. It's a joke…He was sensational last year, but he's even better this year. And what he's doing for us, even defensively. I think he's top five or 10 in steals (he's fourth at 2.26 per game), he's doing a lot for us out there. Knocking down some crazy shots. There's a three or four minute stretch every night where you can just see the heart coming out of the other team's chest. It's sensational, and you couldn't be happier for the guy…It couldn't happen to a greater person.”
On the San Antonio Spurs (now 18-5) and how they were the Warriors' blueprint...
“They're obviously what we were building to before we won the championship. Their ball movement, they've got team-first guys, they've got no guys that are me-guys on that team, who are big into stats and all that kind of stuff. We were trying to emulate what they were doing. Obviously (Warriors head coach) Steve (Kerr) had played there, he'd worked with Pop (Spurs coach Gregg Popovich) before, and that was what we were trying to emulate. So we didn't expect it to happen as fast as it did for us, but it did, and we've got the utmost respect for Popovich and their whole franchise in general for the way they conduct themselves. They're professional. They generally weed out guys who aren't high character and guys who don't want to buy into their system. That's kind of what we're about as well.”
On Barnes' decision not to take the Warriors' extension offer in October, the value of keeping this core together and the question of whether someone like Durant could fit in…
“Within our group, it hasn't been a huge distraction. Obviously you want every player to get their max worth. A career is very short, and obviously you want to make it while you can. Harrison is going to be a very rich man regardless of what direction that all goes.
“These situations (with this kind of collective group) don't come up very often, so when they're available you want to milk them for as long as you can. I think our owners and our GM understand that, that if you can keep this team together for another four or five years you try everything in your power to do that, rather than trying to all of a sudden put on an ‘I'm smarter than everyone and we're going to make this big move,' when it's really not needed…I don't think Harrison is going to go anywhere. I think he's just obviously going to lift his value a little bit more with the new (salary) cap and all that going in (the NBA's salary cap is set to spike from $67 million to $89 million next season because the nine-year, $24 billion television deal with ESPN and Turner kicks in).”
On his future both contractually and in relation to emerging big man Festus Ezeli (who will be a restricted free agent this summer)…
“Look, you never know (what will happen). You never take any of these days or seasons for granted. Things can change in a heartbeat. But I'm enjoying this moment. I didn't even know if I'd be playing at this point in my career, to be honest, with some of the issues I've had. The two falls that I've had, with the ankle and the elbow, I didn't think I'd get to 11 years to be quite honest. And I feel very, very good…Everything else will take care of itself.
“Festus is eventually going to be a full-time starter in this league. It's just a matter of time, whether it's after I'm gone or whether he goes to another team. Who knows? But he has the opportunity to do that, and he has the talent and the work ethic to do it. So I think I have another couple of years here, and I'll continue to be a professional whatever direction they go and see what happens. But right now, I'm enjoying obviously being a starter on this team and I'm hoping to milk that for as long as they pay me (laughs).
“Look, we'll definitely have the discussion (with management this summer about a possible extension for Bogut). There's no doubt about it. I'm not a greedy guy…I know at what point in my career I am, and I definitely want some stability and to remain in the same place if I can. Obviously this is a great team we have going, and I want to remain here. There's no doubt about that. But we'll cross that bridge when we get to it. I'd love to stay. I'd love to never be a free agent…I'm happy to stay here if it's good for both parties, and we'll see where we're at.”
On whether the Warriors care about the possibility of topping the 1995-96 Chicago Bulls for best regular season record of all time (currently 72-10)…
“Look, if it's attainable we'll go for it at that point…But if you ask me, ‘Hey, do you want to go 72-10 or do you want a ring?' I'll take 50-32 and a ring. We'd love to create history and all that, but I think most guys would just like that second championship ring rather than something that's just going to be in the history books.”
Food From Clones Safe, E.U. Draft Says
Similar Conclusion Expected From FDA
By Rick Weiss
Washington Post Staff Writer
Saturday, January 12, 2008
The European Food Safety Authority yesterday declared that meat and milk from healthy cloned cattle and pigs is "very unlikely" to pose risks to consumers, opening the door to possible European sales of those controversial foods in the future.
The highly anticipated draft scientific opinion of the European agency comes just days before the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is due to release its final report on food from clones, which is expected to reach virtually the same conclusion. Some backers of the fledgling agricultural cloning industry have said they hoped that a positive report from Europe might help ease the process of gaining acceptance by American consumers.
It remains unclear, however, whether the European Union will ultimately approve the sale of cloned products, and if so, under what conditions.
Unlike in the United States, such decisions in Europe must incorporate social and ethical factors. And the European public broadly supports the "precautionary principle," which calls for society to err on the side of caution when risks are uncertain.
Moreover, the European agency, which provides scientific advice to the European Commission, noted in its report that many cloned farm animals have health problems, including life-threatening physiological abnormalities. In Europe, where animal welfare is a much higher-profile issue than it is in the United States, that reality could also become a stumbling block.
The 47-page report concluded, however, that unhealthy clones would be screened out by standard food inspection methods. And, echoing earlier assertions by the FDA, it found that milk and meat from healthy clones are as nutritious and safe as milk and meat from ordinary animals.
"Based on current knowledge there is no expectation that clones or their progeny would introduce any new food safety risks compared with conventionally bred animals," the report said.
The report also concluded that sexually produced offspring of clones -- far more likely to enter the food supply than clones themselves, which are too valuable to slaughter -- are fully normal.
Scientists at a handful of companies around the world, including at least two in the United States, want to clone prize-winning beef cattle, dairy cows and pigs as a way to bring more consistently high-quality products to market. But consumer reaction has been chilly.
Some fear that clones may harbor hidden health risks, while others decry the high death rates seen in newborn clones and the suffering of their surrogate mothers, which can have trouble giving birth to their often oversize offspring.
Despite that wariness, and despite European agriculture's general lack of interest in adopting the technology, the EU has been under international pressure to rule on the products' safety -- in part so other nations can export their meat and milk products there without worrying about trade challenges.
The issue is also of interest in Europe because farmers there use semen from American cattle.
New Zealand has released a positive report on the safety of food from clones and their progeny, and Canada and Argentina are expected to follow soon.
The "draft risk assessment" released by the FDA in December 2006 found no unique health risks from meat or milk from clones or their offspring. The agency has been reworking that analysis, taking into account new science and the more than 30,500 public comments it received. It is expected to release its final report any day.
Last February, noting progress made by the FDA, the European Commission asked its Food Safety Authority also to provide a "scientific opinion" on the safety of foods from clones and an assessment of cloning's effects on animal health and welfare and on the environment.
Yesterday's report was a first draft of that opinion and will be open for public comment for 45 days. It asserted that the introduction of cloned animals into agriculture will not affect the environment.
"Cloning does not involve changes in DNA sequences and thus no new genes would be introduced into the environment," it said.
The report noted that a different European advisory group is preparing a study of the ethical implications of bringing cloning to European agriculture. And it recommended further research, especially on older clones, very few of which, it said, have been carefully studied.
Joseph Mendelson, legal director at the Washington-based Center for Food Safety, which has petitioned the FDA to delay approving cloned food, predicted that Europeans would demand marketing restrictions on the products.
"Human health is only part of the equation in Europe," Mendelson said. "And even if Europe gives it a green light, we believe they will require labels."
The FDA has said it is unlikely to require that cloned food be labeled as such if no novel risks are identified.
The Biotechnology Industry Organization, a Washington-based trade group whose members include the nation's two largest farm animal cloning companies, applauded the European action and encouraged the FDA to release its long-delayed final report.
Foreign correspondent Molly Moore contributed to this report from Paris.
© 2008 The Washington Post Company
collected from users on Reddit about their respective workplaces… Thought Catalog has not verified the veracity of their claims, but has collected the more interesting points of the conversation happening over on Reddit. Head over to The following entries have beencollected from users on Reddit about their respective workplaces… Thought Catalog has not verified the veracity of their claims, but has collected the more interesting points of the conversation happening over on Reddit. Head over to the post for more.
1.
[deleted]:
The recycle bins at Seaworld also just get emptied into the dumpster. They are just there to make the visitors feel better.
2.
jrfish:
I used to work at Claires and The Icing (same company). We got about 15 minutes of training before we were allowed to pierce kids' ears. If people bled on the ear piercing guns, we would simply wipe them off with a tissue, and use them again on the next person.
3.
OutofStep:
I worked at a beverage plant years ago that made Arizona Iced Tea, Tropicana, Nantucket Nectars, etc. There was one drink that we produced and the label said, “Made with Spring Water” and it was. Each 600 gallon batch that we made had exactly 1 gallon of spring water poured into the tank.
4.
Reed_Himself:
Nobody likes being scammed. It turns you into a victim, it shakes the foundations of your inherent trust in your fellow man, and, most importantly, it usually involves relieving you of your precious money. That's your favorite stuff! But sometimes, when a scam is clever enough, you almost don't mind being ripped off. Sure, it still sucks that you're out some ramen funds, but you have to admire the ingenuity of the con, right? Now, what happens when those clever little scams are being run not by lovable street urchins with rigged card games, but gigantic heartless corporations?
5 Goldman Sachs Takes America for a Ride on the Aluminum "Merry-Go-Round"
hero30/iStock/Getty Images
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Think back to when life was all Pop Rocks and comic books and hilariously incorrect assumptions about sex. Your insatiable need for said Pop Rocks and comic books that inadvertently reinforced all that incorrect sex stuff -- it all required money. And earning that money, your allowance, required you to do chores, like clean your room. So you'd shuffle all your toys from the floor to the closet. Then your mom would discover that you'd transformed your closet into a barely contained plush-and-plastic avalanche, and you'd shuffle all your stuff underneath your bed. Then your mom would discover all the crap you'd crammed underneath your bed, and the process would repeat in a never-ending cycle of filth and lies. Such is childhood.
diego cervo/iStock/Getty Images
Except for the porn, which was crammed underneath your brother's bed.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
For years, Goldman Sachs used the method we just described to ever so gently dry hump your wallet whenever you popped open a can of soda. We're talking about the aluminum trade, and over the past three years Goldman and their cohorts have managed to fleece American soda connoisseurs out of more than five billion dollars of hard-earned drink machine change.
On the book blog, I often talk about the reasons why statisticians adjust data, and why it is necessary in order to paint a proper picture of what the data is saying. (See here or here.)
On this blog, I have frequently complained about how the "prior information" on maps is too strong - large regions dominate our perception regardless of the data. In the U.S., large but sparsely populated states attain disproportionate attention.
So, why not bring "statistical adjustment" to maps?
***
That's exactly what cartograms do. For example, look at the following pair of maps created by the people at Leicestershire County Council. (PDF link here)
The map on the left and the cartogram on the right plot identical data. The only difference is that each hexagon on the cartogram represents an equal number of people. The two views give very different impressions: the big dark green patch on the middle-right of the map -- representing a relatively sparse neighborhood -- is shrunk to a single dark green hexagon on the cartogram. Meanwhile, the most deprived areas (dark purple) which look relatively small on the map are expanded to quite a few hexagons.
According to the map, most of the county live in areas ranked in the half considered less deprived (green), and that is good news. But wait... there is a lot of purple in the cartogram!
The real piece of news is that the majority of people live in the half of the neighborhoods considered more deprived (purple) but this uncomfortable fact is well-hidden in the mostly green map on the left.
Given that the measures of "deprivation" are about people, not geographical neighborhoods, the cartogram is much closer to the real world experience... notwithstanding the obvious geographical distortion introduced by the statistical adjustment.
According to Alex L., who is part of the team producing these graphics:
LSOAs were created for the 2001 [UK] Census to disseminate the data and are generally considered representing 'neighbourhoods'. They are created to have a broadly consistent population (approx 1500 people in 2001) and socio-economic traits.
***
Question: Is there any reason to show the map at all?
Buy Photo David Andreatta. (Photo: File photo)Buy Photo
Hunting season for me is sort of an Advent calendar of emasculation, when each day reveals a fresh reminder of what a cupcake I really am.
The signs are everywhere.
That pickup with a buck in the bed and a brass scrotum dangling from the bumper. Those red-knuckled men in camouflage at the diner recounting their weekend in the woods. The friend who repays a favor with a cut of venison he field-dressed himself.
Even at Thanksgiving, I stared at that bird on the table and marveled at how the pilgrims did it. Then I wondered whether they still make those guns that look like bassoons.
These episodes tap a deep-seated anxiety that should the job of rebuilding civilization after an apocalypse ever fall to me, the human race would be wiped out in six weeks. It's a terrible burden to bear.
That's why I want in. I'm serious. Next hunting season, I plan to stare down a skittish creature with eyes like Marty Feldman through a scope attached to (insert make and model of something that shoots bullets here, perhaps a bassoon) and pull the trigger.
I'm not bloodthirsty. I'm just tired of being a hypocrite and feeling deficient. I love meat, and I get that for me to eat it, someone has to kill it. That someone just hasn't been me yet.
It's not my fault. I wasn't raised that way.
Hunting is a culture that's passed down from generation to generation. My father taught me many things, but being handy and an outdoorsman weren't among them.
His toolbox consisted of a hammer, a screwdriver and a rusty pair of pliers. There wasn't a power tool to be found. He could've been mistaken for Amish had it not been for the invectives he'd hurl whenever he tried to fix anything around the house.
The same feeling of inadequacy overcomes me whenever I visit my sister, who's married to a man who's everything I'm not.
One time, as my brother-in-law described the finer points of his new air compressor, I made the mistake of asking when he'll ever need an air compressor. To which he replied, "When don't you need an air compressor?" I didn't know the answer to that, either.
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Like everyone else with a tool belt, my brother-in-law hunts. He'd let me tag along, but he lives halfway up the Arctic Circle past armed border guards with strict rules about crossing with things like meat, Chinese mitten crab and some citrus fruits.
Basically, getting there can be a pain in the neck.
Every year I ask friends of mine who hunt if I could join them. I'm upfront about my shortcomings: No gun, never fired a gun, no hunting license or experience tracking game.
When my boys asked me what animal left the pile of "black jellybeans" in our backyard, the only way I could answer was to Google a photograph of it. Turns out it was a deer.
No wonder my friends get shifty-eyed and hem and haw about not having enough room in their cabin. When I tell them I'll sleep in the car, they tell me, "You need a permit for that."
I checked. You don't.
What humiliation! I never wanted to be that guy. I don't want to be Jeremiah Johnson, either, but I'd like to be able to impart some survival skills to my sons should it start raining frogs tomorrow.
A lot is lost in the way carnivores like me consume meat. There's no respect for how the meal got to the table. That's because it's impossible to learn humility from an animal you've only known wrapped in Styrofoam and cellophane.
I want to be more grateful for the food I enjoy.
That doesn't mean I intend to stop buying meat at the grocery store. But it does mean that at least once, I want to know what it means to take a life that will help sustain mine.
The state Department of Environmental Conservation tells me I'll have to wait until next year to take the safety course required for my hunting license. In the meantime, I can observe a hunt.
So consider this a plea to you hunters out there: Take me with you. Please.
I'll even bring cupcakes.
Twitter.com/david_andreatta
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1xSkRD4
BADAIWANI WALA: For years Pakistanis have sweated and cursed through summer power cuts, but now the government plans to harness the sun's ferocious heat to help tackle the country's chronic energy crisis.
In a corner of the Cholistan desert in Punjab province, power transmission lines, water pipes and a pristine new road cross 10,000 acres of parched, sandy land.
The provincial government has spent $5 million to put in place the infrastructure as it seeks to transform the desolate area into one of the world's largest solar power parks, capable one day of generating up to 1,000 megawatts of electricity.
The desert park in Bahawalpur district is the latest scheme to tackle the rolling blackouts which have inflicted misery on people and strangled economic growth.
Temperatures can reach 50 degrees Celsius in the country's centre in June and July, sending demand for electricity soaring and leaving a shortfall of around 4,000 MW.
“In phase one, a pilot project producing 100 MW of electricity will hopefully be completed by the end of this year,” Imran Sikandar Baluch, head of the Bahawalpur district administration, told AFP.
“After completion of the first 100 MW project, the government will invite investors to invest here for the 1,000 megawatts.”
A 'river' of solar panels
Engineers and labourers are working in the desert under the scorching sun to complete the boundary wall, with authorities keen to begin generating solar electricity by November.
“If you come here after one and a half years, you will see a river of (solar) panels, residential buildings and offices -- it will be a new world,”said site engineer Muhammad Sajid, gesturing to the desert.
Besides solar, Pakistan is also trying to tap its unexploited coal reserves -- which lie in another area of the same desert, in Sindh province.
In January Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif inaugurated construction on a $1.6 billion coal plant in the town of Thar, in Sindh.
Work has also begun on a pilot 660 megawatt coal-fired plant in Gadani, a small town on the Arabian Sea.
Another 600 megawatt coal plant has also been given the go-ahead in the southern city of Jamshoro.
But while coal may offer a short-term fix to the energy crisis, authorities are keen to move to cleaner electricity in the long run.
“We need energy badly and we need clean energy, this is a sustainable solution for years to come,” said Baloch.
“Pakistan is a place where you have a lot of solar potential. In Bahawalpur, with very little rain and a lot of sunshine, it makes the project feasible and more economical,” he said.
Clean energy
Baloch believes that the new solar park will make Pakistan a leader in that energy in the region. The initial pilot project is a government scheme but private investors are also taking an interest.
Raja Waqar of Islamabad-based Safe Solar Power is among them. His company plans to invest $10 million to build a 10 MW project in the new park.
“The government has allotted us land over here. Infrastructure, the transmission line and road are available here, that is why we are investing,”Waqar told AFP.
A million dollars per MW are a sizeable investment but Waqar said the company expected to reap returns on it over at least the next decade, and others were keen to get on board.
“There are up to 20 companies who are investing in this park and their projects are in the pipeline,” he said. “Some of them are working on 50 MW, some on 10 and others on 20.”But not everyone is so upbeat about the project.
Arshad Abbasi, an energy expert at Islamabad's Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI), said the cost of generating solar power from this project may be uneconomical for the government.
He also warned that buying in solar equipment from abroad made little economic sense.
“Had the government decided to establish more hydro or thermal plants in the country it would have generated more employment, business and construction opportunities,” he said.
And farmers in the area who scrape a living herding cattle on the unforgiving land are worried about their future.
“We don't know if this energy park is good, the power will come or not, we only want the government to spare our area and allow us to continue living here with our cattle,” said Malik Jalal, a local villager.
Ever since the British bulldog resolved to apply a deferential tongue to the current Chinese leadership's boots, things have gone swimmingly between the two nations. Hailed by both sides, the “golden time” now underway in Sino-British trade and investment is due in no small part to Prime Minister's David Cameron's doggedness in wooing Beijing. That, of course, and his government's readiness to rule out any more meetings with the Dalai Lama.
One component in this new state of accord already appears gravely imperilled, however. In October, the state nuclear firm CGN (China General Nuclear) announced it would be taking a 33.5 per cent stake in delivering Britain's first new nuclear power station in a generation: Hinkley Point C, in Somerset, England. At the time, the slated majority partner, EDF – a French government-owned energy company – said work on building the plant's reactors would start within weeks.
China put down a 6 billion-pound stake in the UK's first nuclear power plant since the 1980s during Xi Jinping's state visit last year. Photo: AP Flash forward four months and things do not look good. EDF last week postponed a final decision on its investment as it reported a 68 per cent downturn in profits for 2015. The company's share price has more than halved in the last year, while its reduced market value is less than the £18bn (HK$200bn) Hinkley will cost (at low estimates).
The source of EDF's financial difficulties is low electricity wholesale market prices. The reasons for the British government's desperation to get CGN involved are slightly more tangled.
To shorten a long story, a decade ago Britain struck on nuclear as its best option for keeping the lights on while it sets about the bold, and some might say foolhardy, mission of cutting carbon emissions to 60 per cent of 1990 levels by 2030. Nuclear, the panjandrums said, would be more cost-effective than investing in green energy, at least for the time being. One nuclear tech company, Areva, said it could build reactors that would produce electricity profitably at £24 per megawatt-hour. Better get cracking, then, lads.
Following the recent price collapse, £92.50 [a megawatt-hour] amounts to more than double the current market rate.
In February 2007, EDF announced its intention to have Hinkley Point C operational by Christmas 2017. Little in the way of activity ensued, however. The Fukushima disaster of 2011 came hard on the heels of the financial crash. Other investors fell by the wayside. Then, suddenly, in December 2013, the government agreed a deal to pay EDF a guaranteed £92.50 per MWh, index-linked for 35 years after commissioning. The deal safeguards the firm against fluctuations in the market price: any slack will be picked up by British households. Following the recent price collapse, £92.50 amounts to more than double the current market rate.
The date now being talked about for switch-on is 2025, another nine years hence. The British media and public have grown increasingly sceptical, but there persists a kind of mad logic to the government's approach. It is – as the saying goes – in for a penny, in for a pound. Coal plants are being closed down and new capacity is needed. The country has applied for, and been granted, permission by the EU to guarantee up to £16 billion in loans for Hinkley. The date now being talked about for switch-on is 2025, another nine years hence. The British media and public have grown increasingly sceptical, but there persists a kind of mad logic to the government's approach. It is – as the saying goes – in for a penny, in for a pound. Coal plants are being closed down and new capacity is needed. The country has applied for, and been granted, permission by the EU to guarantee up to £16 billion in loans for Hinkley.
The British credo that the state should leave the business of energy to the private sector does not, clearly, preclude using taxpayers' money to help other governments build its energy infrastructure. And nor in this instance does it appear to deliver the right technology at a reasonable cost.
Some in Britain, and indeed America, were aghast at the deal with CGN for other reasons. Western spooks spend much of their time these days guarding against state-sponsored cyber-espionage from China – and yet here we have politicians handing the hackers the keys to a civil nuclear project?
From the Chinese perspective, on the other hand, it's easy to see the appeal, even as this project flounders. To date, the PRC has only managed to export its nuclear expertise to countries such as Romania and Pakistan. Now it has the chance to design, build and operate a commercial nuclear power station in the country that pioneered them – besides the Hinkley deal, CGN has been given permission to develop its own reactor, for use at another site in England.
For now, the prognosis for Hinkley is not helped by the fact that the same technology has been subject to delays and cost overruns everywhere else it is under development: in France, in Finland and in Taishan, Guangdong province, where two European Pressurised Reactor (EPR) units are being built by CGN, with 30 per cent funding from EDF.
The two Chinese units are, incidentally, only four years behind schedule so far, compared to nine years each in Finland and France. Perhaps CGN will step up its funding to save the British government's agony. But as the case for halting Hinkley Point C becomes stronger, it's equally possible that the special relationship Mr Cameron thought he was cultivating may be about to suffer a little nuclear fallout.
GOODYEAR, Ariz. -- Johnny Cueto would like to have a new contract before opening day.
Johnny Cueto went 20-9 with a 2.25 ERA and 242 strikeouts last season for the Cincinnati Reds. Frank Victores/USA TODAY Sports
The 20-game winner knows the Cincinnati Reds might not want to pay him the going rate for a No. 1 starter, leaving his status in doubt as camp opens. Cueto is in the final year of his contract, making $10 million. If the sides don't reach an agreement, Cueto could be traded at midseason or leave as a free agent afterward.
The 29-year-old is among the best in the majors, putting him in position to get a big deal. Since 2010, he's gone 65-32 with a 2.73 ERA.
The sides have talked about an extension, but nothing is imminent.
"I want to stay here," Cueto said Thursday with trainer Tomas Vera interpreting. "Honest, I'd like to have a contract before spring training ends. But all I can do is play. At this point, I just have to keep working hard and let them work it out."
The Reds cleared some room on their payroll by trading starters Mat Latos and Alfredo Simon in the offseason. Last February, the Reds gave starter Homer Bailey a six-year, $105 million deal. Cueto can expect an even bigger deal.
"He knows we appreciate him and want him to be here long-term," manager Bryan Price said on Thursday, before the Reds held their first workout for pitchers and catchers. "He has earned the right to be one of the top-tier-paid pitchers."
Cueto went 20-9 last season, getting his 20th win on the final day. His RBI single set up a 4-1 victory over Pittsburgh at Great American Ball Park and provided the Reds' best moment in an otherwise disappointing season. Cueto became the first Reds pitcher to win 20 games since Danny Jackson in 1988 and the first Reds right-hander since Sammy Ellis and Jim Maloney did it in 1965.
"To be an ace, you need to have the overall ability to impact the team," Price said. "He has to be the guy that consistently gets you to the back of the bullpen. When he pitches, you never feel like you're at a disadvantage. In the second half of the season, when we hit the skids, he was still outstanding. It was as well-pitched of a season as I've ever seen."
For comparison, the Nationals gave Max Scherzer a seven-year, $210 million deal in the offseason. Scherzer went 21-3 with a 2.90 ERA in 2013, followed by 18-5 with a 3.15 ERA last season for Detroit.
"Good for him," Cueto said, when asked about Scherzer's contract. "I don't know what will happen to me. I can't tell you."
NOTES: Bailey isn't throwing off the mound yet. He's recovering from surgery last September to repair a ligament tear in his pitching elbow. ... Left-handed reliever Sean Marshall is still recovering from shoulder surgery last June 24 and isn't ready to pitch. Marshall made 15 appearances last season before having surgery. He's 5-6 with a 3.27 ERA in 104 relief appearances during three seasons with Cincinnati.
The new Sylvania Smart Multicolor A19 bulb announced today will be one of the first Bluetooth light bulb products we've seen that will communicate with Apple's HomeKit platform without the need for a separate Wi-Fi hub. That means you'll simply screw in the lightbulb and connect it via Bluetooth to enable control using Apple's Home app and Siri voice commands.
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
LEDVANCE continues to advance light by announcing the HomeKit-enabled SYLVANIA Smart Multicolor A19 bulb that can be easily controlled via Siri and Apple's Home app without a separate hub. Installation is easy. All you need to do is screw in the Bluetooth-enabled bulb in your favorite lamp, sync it with the Home app, and start controlling your lights.
For remote access, the Sylvania Smart Multicolor A19 bulb will require an Apple TV or iPad running iOS 10, which is always a requirement to control any accessory remotely using the HomeKit platform. However, up until now most HomeKit-enabled light bulb products have required a dedicated Wi-Fi hub or bridge product in addition to an Apple TV or iPad for remote access or even basic control.
The new Sylvania Smart Multicolor A19 bulb will be available early next year, but the company didn't offer any details on pricing. The brand currently has other connected LED bulbs (pictured above) that work with a Wi-Fi hub and sell from around $29.99.
We expect to see other HomeKit accessory announcements in the coming weeks to line up with CES early next month. Recently we told you about the first HomeKit flood sensor being launched by Fibaro following iOS 10.2's alert support, while a new developer solution aims to help companies bring HomeKit accessories to market faster.
Earlier this year a California-based homebuilder started offering the first smart-home upgrade packages that deck out new homes with the Siri-controlled home automation accessories.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ronald Koeman is keen on Porto midfielder Giannelli Imbula.
The Southampton boss is a big admirer of the 23-year-old, who only moved to his current club from French giants Marseille last July.
The Saints have yet to persuade their current star midfielder, Victor Wanyama, to commit to a new deal. Tottenham, Arsenal and Chelsea are understood to have watched the 24-year-old.
Wanyama had a transfer request rejected in the summer following a bid from Spurs and Arsenal legend Robert Pires has urged his former club to sign him.
Southampton, however, are hoping they can persuade him to sign a new five-year deal.
Tunisian opposition politician Mohamed Brahmi was shot dead on Thursday in the second such assassination this year, setting off violent protests against the Islamist-led government in the capital and elsewhere.
“This criminal gang has killed the free voice of Brahmi,” his widow, Mbarka Brahmi, told Reuters, without specifying who she thought was behind the shooting outside their home in Tunis.
Mr Brahmi's sister later accused the main Islamist Ennahda party of being behind the killing. “Ennahda killed my brother,” Souhiba Brahmi said. Ennahda has condemned the killing.
The politician's wife said Mr Brahmi had left the house after receiving a telephone call. She heard shots and found his body lying on the ground outside as two men fled on a motorcycle.
Mr Brahmi belonged to the secular, Arab nationalist Popular Front party, whose then-leader, Chokri Belaid, was killed in a similar way on February 6th.
His death ignited the worst violence in Tunisia since President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali fell in 2011.
Divisions between Islamists and their secular opponents have deepened since the popular uprising against Mr Ben Ali, which unleashed unrest across the Arab world, unseating rulers in Egypt, Libya and Yemen, and leading to a civil war in Syria.
Mr Brahmi (58), was a critic of the Ennahda-led ruling coalition and a member of the Constituent Assembly that has drafted a new constitution for the North African nation of 11 million.
The assassination drew swift international condemnation.
The US State Department called for a “transparent and professional” investigation, while French president Francois Hollande urged Tunisians to show “the necessary spirit of responsibility to preserve national unity and guarantee the pursuit of the democratic transition”.
UN human rights chief Navi Pillay called for the killers to be brought to account and said the government must do more to “deter these terrible acts” and protect people at risk.
Thousands of people protested outside the Interior Ministry in Tunis and a hospital in the Ariana district where Mr Brahmi's body had been taken.
“Down with the rule of the Islamists,” they chanted, and demanded that the government resign.
Big crowds accompanied Mr Brahmi's body when it was taken later for autopsy at another Tunis hospital. Despite the presence of hundreds of soldiers and police, protesters smashed cars and broke some windows of the hospital in Ariana, witnesses said.
In Tunis, riot police fired teargas in front of the interior ministry to try to disperse protesters, a Reuters witness said.
Similar demonstrations erupted in the southern town of Sidi Bouzid, the cradle of the Tunisian revolution, where protesters set fire to two local Ennahda party offices, witnesses said.
“Thousands have taken to the streets. People have blocked roads and set tyres alight,” said Mehdi Horchani, a resident of Sidi Bouzid. “People are very angry.”
Police fired teargas to disperse protesters who stormed a local government office in the Mediterranean port of Sfax, 270 km southeast of Tunis, witnesses said.
Tunisia's biggest labour organisation, UGTT, called for a general strike on Friday to protest Brahmi's killing. Its secretary-general, Hussein Abbasi, earlier predicted that the assassination would lead the country into a “bloodbath”.
All flights to and from Tunisia will be cancelled today after a general strike was called by the main labour organisation, the civil aviation office said.
“All flights to and from Tunisia will be cancelled tomorrow because the workers at the airport responded to the calling of the general strike”, a spokesman said.
Tunisia's political transition since the revolt that toppled Ben Ali has been relatively peaceful, with the moderate Islamist Ennahda party sharing power with smaller secular parties.
But the government has struggled to revive a stuttering economy and has come under fire from secularists who accuse it of failing to curb the activities of Salafi Islamists.
The government blamed Belaid's assassination, also carried out by assailants on a motorcycle, on an unidentified group of Salafi militants, saying six of them were still on the run.
The Egyptian army's overthrow of Islamist president Mohamed Morsi on July 3rd following mass protests against him has further energised the anti-Islamist opposition in Tunisia.
A protest movement known as Tamarod, modelled on the Egyptian group of the same name that orchestrated the anti-Mursi demonstrations, has called for rallies to topple the government.
Prime minister Ali Larayedh condemned the assassination, but said, “We are against all the calls to dissolve the government and the Constituent Assembly to create a (power) vacuum.”
He also drew a link to the upheaval in Egypt, saying in a televised address that the assassins had aimed to use events there “to try to undermine our process and derail it, and take the country into the unknown, whether it is chaos, fighting or civil war or a return to despotism or a return to square one”.
Rached Ghannouchi, the Ennahda party leader, said the attack on Mr Brahmi was aimed at “halting Tunisia's democratic process and killing the only successful model in the region, especially after the violence in Egypt, Syria and Libya”.
“Tunisia will not follow the Egyptian scenario,” he told Reuters. “We will hold on.”
After the killing of Mr Brahmi, who had applauded the Egyptian army's removal of Mursi, the leader of his Popular Front called for non-violent action to oust the Tunisian government.
The assassination occurred on Tunisia's Republic Day as the country prepares to vote in the next few weeks on the new constitution before a presidential election later in the year.
The turmoil dealt another blow to efforts to resuscitate Tunisia's vital tourism industry. Cultural shows, including the Carthage Festival, were suspended following Mr Brahmi's killing.
Secular president Moncef Marzouki appealed for calm and dialogue, but Tunisia looks set for further instability.
Despite recent progress on the constitution, Mr Brahmi's killing is likely to reactivate the mass protests and strikes across multiple sectors that followed Belaid's assassination, wrote Anna Boyd, senior Middle East analyst at IHS Country Risk.
Samir Gadio, at Standard Bank, said he expected political and economic conditions to deteriorate further in the next few months, saying Ennahda was losing popularity and might seek to delay adoption of the constitution and the holding of elections.
“While Tunisia's army is not influential in the political process, unlike in Egypt, the risks of an institutional dislocation or even a military intervention are increasing,” he said.
Reuters
Video Game Article is usually dedicated to making fun of all games (even the ones I really like), but I'm posting a game idea here because I really think I'm on to something with this concept. I hope you agree. I've been working on this spec sheet for the last four months.
Synopsis:
There is a kingdom, but there is a shadow, dark and also metaphorical. The shadow has befallen the kingdom. Although you come from an unlikely beginning, only you can save the kingdom and probably the whole world.
Features:
Every choice has consequences!
If you fight a skeleton you get experience points, but if you decide not to fight that skeleton you dont get any.
Customize your character's look!
You have to wear clothes to use magic, wear armor to kill things with weapons, or wear light armor to do a little bit of both or sneak around and pick locks.
Engaging story!
Someone betrays you, someone lets you smack the skin that surrounds their genitals with the skin that surrounds yours.
Comes with a cloth map!
Cloth as hell, not large enough to be useful for anything other than a quick reminder of which continent goes where.
A living, breathing world!
Every town has an innkeeper and armor/weapon/item dealers.
Master the fully-realized economy!
Make sure nothing in your inventory is better than what you have equipped, then mash the "Sell All" button.
Hundreds of skills!
Invest skill points to learn how to swing around in a circle with your weapon, get interesting buffs that you'll never use because instead of toggled auras they're spells with limited durations.
Strategic combat!
Spells cost mana, combat skills cost action points or maybe mana. Use strategy to know how many potions you'll need to lug around.
Next-gen roleplaying!
Talk to pretty much anyone with a unique name. Explore every branch of the dialogue tree. If you forget anything, just go back and have the exact same conversation.
Detailed environment!
Forests are pretty much full of trees. While most buildings have the same layout, some have different pictures on the walls.
Bone-crushing realism!
Two-handed weapons do way more damage than their one-handed counterparts.
Concept Art:
Please don't take my ideas. Now that they have been posted on the internet, they are automatically trademarked and copyrighted. Thank you for your compliance with integalactic law as well as your inevitable purchase of my game.
Tales Of Monkey Island Episode 1: Launch Of The Screaming Narwhal
Doesn't go for the comedy jugular nearly as much as it should, but even without the arterial spray of a good butt joke it's still a great adventure game. 8/10
NCAA Football 10
In addition to the quarterback pump-fake, this year's edition features a Tim Tebow virginity-fake to throw defensive players and the press off your trail. 7/10
Wii Sports Resort
Replaces Wii Sports as That Game You Take Out Of Your Wii's Drive Every Few Months To Make Room For A New Game. 8/10
Unbound Saga
With a few more months of polish this beat 'em up might have only been as bad as Comix Zone. 4/10
– Dennis "Corin Tucker's Stalker" Farrell (@DennisFarrell)
UPDATE: Following The Foreign Desk's report, Facebook removes 'Islamic Female Circumcision' page promoting FGM
EARLIER STORY: A Facebook community called “Islamic Female Circumcision” was launched earlier this month with the stated goal of clarifying “misconceptions” around the Muslim faith's practice of female genital mutilation or FGM.
The page already has more than a dozen posts, including articles and infographics advocating for the practice of what they call "female circumcision," instead of referring to the practice as 'mutilation.'
“Our aim is to clear misconceptions of the Islamic practice of female circumcision and counter misinformation against it,” the page states in the ‘About' section.
Sign up for daily Foreign Desk updates By signing up, you agree to receive emails from The Foreign Desk.
At the center of the page is an article by a Sri Lankan author Asiff Hussein entitled, “Female Circumcision – The Hidden Truth: How Misogynists and Feminists are feeding upon each other to denigrate an Islamic practice that brings untold benefits to women.”
In the piece, Hussein claims that studies that show the benefits of female circumcision have been “conveniently overlooked to conform to Islamophobic sentiments expressed by a largely Jewish controlled media,” who are are critical of the female procedure but not male circumcision “because male circumcision is a Jewish practice and female circumcision is not.”
There are also infographics all bearing a “Muslimahs for circumcision” banner, listing the benefits of the procedure from prevention of urinary tract infections to preventing transmission of a ‘cancer causing HPV virus' for “partners who engage in oral sex.”
The infographic also states that female circumcision helps women achieve sexual fulfillment and cites the Hadith, an anecdotal reference to the experiences of Prophet Muhammad, in which he told Umm Atiyyah, “for it is beauty for the face and desirable for the husband.”
A meme posted May 15 depicting a Muslim couple in traditional attire says in bold “If you love your spouse..”
It goes on to say, “If you love your wife get yourself circumcised because the germs in your foreskin can reach her vagina during sex and cause her cervical cancer.”
Below that it says, “If you love your husband get yourself circumcised because the germs under your prepuce can reach his mouth when he pleasures your clitoris and cause him oral cancer.”
The meme concludes at bottom, “Yes cervical cancer in women is caused by having sex with uncircumcised men and yes, oral cancer in men is caused by cunnilingus with uncircumcised women.”
Another post contains a link to a downloadable e-book “Safe female circumcision” by an OBGYN based in Sudan.
According to the World Health Organization's guidelines issued in 2007, FGM has “no known health benefits,” and that the procedure is “harmful to girls and women in many ways.”
In 2008 the WHO issued a global strategy calling on the U.S. and international organizations to “support specific and concrete actions directed towards ending female genital mutilation.”
The WHO estimates that there are over 200 million girls who are victims of FGM, living in over 30 countries mostly in Africa, Asia and the Middle East, defining the practice as “a violation of the human rights of girls and women.”
“Defenders of FGM must be held accountable for perpetuating and supporting what is perhaps one of the worst human rights violations in the world. Community and religious leaders that foster and encourage this practice must be held accountable,” clinical therapist Zainab Zeb Khan told The Foreign Desk.
Khan, who typically works with survivors of domestic violence has worked to end female genital mutilation and honor-based violence. Khan was featured in the documentary “Honor Diaries.”
“If there are no consequences, then women and girls will continue to be violated by FGM, which is often tied to other forms of violence, oppression, and subjugation of women and girls. It not only carries severe physiological repercussions, but a lifetime of emotional, psychological, sexual, and interpersonal relationship impairments. This abhorrent crime has no place in any corner of our world,” Khan said.
In Somalia, an estimated 95% of girls between the ages of 4 and 11 have undergone FGM, according to a UNICEF report.
A recent petition to Somalia's president urging him and the Somali government to outlaw the practice has garnered over 1.3 million signatures.
Written by Benjamin SullivanThe late Brittish philosopher, Alan Watts , was one of the greatest advocates of Eastern Philosophy in the Western world during the 20th century. Like a true positive-agnostic , Deist or Panendeist, Watts admirably presented his ideas as thought experiments for consideration, rather than inevitable conclusions about the nature of reality. While many of the great physicists, including Max Planck , Erwin Schrodinger, Albert Einstein , and David Bohm , developed complex philosophic views on G-d that were similar to those of Watts, his power to describe this sort of ideas and to lend color and life to them, stands in a class of its own.In the video below, Watts presents us with his idea of G-d as the Cosmic Mind that dreams reality into being. He paints a beautiful and parsimonious image of existence, suggesting that after dreaming many different kinds of dreams, G-d is dreaming the here and now that we each call reality.
Let's suppose that you were able, every night, to dream any dream you wanted to dream - and that you could, for example, have the power, within one night, to dream 75 years of time. You would, naturally, as you began on this adventure of dreams, fulfill all your wishes, have every kind of pleasure you could conceive, and after several nights of 75 days of total pleasure each, you would say "well, that was pretty great." But now let's have a surprise - let's have a dream that isn't under control, where something is going to happen to me that I don't know what it's going to be. And, you would take that and come out of that and say "wow, that was a close shave wasn't it?" Then, you would get more and more adventurous, and you would make further and further odd-gambles as to what you would dream, and finally you would dream where you are now. You would dream the dream of living the life that you are actually living today - that would be within the infinite multiplicity of choices you would have. So, in this idea then, everybody is fundamentally the ultimate reality - the deep down, basic whatever there is, and you're all that, only you're pretending you're not.Alan Watts
0 Customer kicks knife out of robber's hand, chases him from store
ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. - A quick-thinking customer at an Orlando 7-Eleven stopped an armed robbery by kicking a knife out of the crook's hand and chasing him out of the store with a wine bottle.
The good Samaritan's actions helped thwart a robbery at the 7-Eleven on South Orange Avenue just after 2 a.m. Thursday.
Surveillance cameras captured the whole confrontation on video.
In the surveillance video, the crook with a white bandana covering his face walks into the convenience store and pulls out a knife and demands cash from the clerk and a customer.
But as soon as he does, the customer steps back and grabs a wine bottle from the shelf and then kicks the knife out of the crook's hand.
The customer then chases him out of the store while the clerk calls 911.
The customer did not want to be identified, but he told WFTV the details of what happened.
"I know he wasn't kidding because he came after me," said the customer. "I ain't going to let that dude stab me, so I am like, 'Boom!'"
"A lot of people would call you crazy because this guy had a knife," said WFTV reporter Tim Barber.
"It is what it is. You know what I am saying? You don't think about it at the time because he's like, 'Yo, robbing the place give me all your money,' and I am like, 'Are you serious?'" the customer said.
WFTV checked archives and found out the same 7-Eleven was robbed by a man with a knife last month, but that time, the crook got away with cigarettes and all the money in the cash register.
This time, thanks to the customer, the robber ran away empty-handed.
Police said other customers were inside the store at the time of the robbery. No one was injured.
WFTV learned that the same store was robbed by a man with a knife last month, but no word whether there is a connection to the recent attempted robbery.
