Workers Thursday morning removed the statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis in New Orleans, the second of four Confederate monuments slated for removal in a contentious, months-long process that has sparked protests on both sides.
As the statue was lifted from its perch on a grassy median along one of the city's main thoroughfares, a cheer went up from some of the dozens of protesters on the scene who have been pushing for the monument's removal. It was then lowered behind trucks encircled around the monument's base and out of view of media gathered on the scene.
BODY OF 19TH-CENTURY GIRL FOUND UNDER SAN FRANCISCO HOME DIED IN 1876
Removal of the statue — a larger-than-life image of Davis atop an ornate granite pedestal roughly 15-feet high — follows recent protests at the site by supporters and opponents of the monuments. City officials had refused to give advance public notice of the work because of threats of violence against contractors and workers involved in the effort. The statue was first unveiled in 1911.
Dozens of protesters both supporting the monuments and calling for their removal stayed up overnight to watch the proceedings which happened in early-morning darkness. The demonstrators were separated by metal barriers set up by the police and heckled each other from opposite sides of the barricade. About fifty police officers encircled the monument and kept watch on the protesters.
As preparation for removing the Davis statue, workers had wrapped the torso in a green wrapping and then placed a harness attached to a crane around the statue.
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu, who first urged the City Council to remove the monuments in 2015, praised the effort in a news release.
"These monuments have stood not as historic or educational markers of our legacy of slavery and segregation, but in celebration of it. I believe we must remember all of our history, but we need not revere it. To literally put the Confederacy on a pedestal in some of our most prominent public places is not only an inaccurate reflection of our past, it is an affront to our present, and a bad prescription for our future. We should not be afraid to confront and reconcile our past."
Late last month, the first structure — a 35-foot-tall granite obelisk known as the Liberty Place monument — was removed by masked workers under cover of darkness. The obelisk was a tribute to whites who battled a biracial Reconstruction government installed in New Orleans after the Civil War.
EFFORT TO BLOCK CONFEDERATE STATUE'S REMOVAL GOES TO COURT
Also slated for removal are a bronze statue of Confederate Gen. P.G.T Beauregard on horseback, completed in 1915, which sits atop a stone platform at the entrance to the city's largest park and museum of art; and a statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee. The Lee statue is the most prominent of the four. Unveiled in 1884, the likeness of Lee stands atop a 60-foot-tall column in the center of a traffic circle on historic St. Charles Avenue. Monument supporters say each of the statues weighs tons and they feared moving the aging icons could result in significant damage.
The council voted to remove the monuments in 2015 — part of the national response after nine black parishioners were shot to death by an avowed racist at a church in Charleston, South Carolina, earlier that year. But the process of removing the statues was tied up for months in a court battle.
New Orleans is a predominantly black city of nearly 390,000. The statues were erected well before the civil rights era that brought African-Americans to political power. The City Council, now majority black, voted 6-1 to take the monuments down.
Landrieu, a white Democrat, was elected in 2010 and re-elected four years late with strong biracial support.
I can still smell the Shabbatot of my childhood home. My mother's chicken roasting in the oven, the smoke from the match that ignited our Shabbat candles, the sweet raisin challah my father bought at Zaro's Bakery on his way home from work. Indeed, Shabbat at home is often sanctified through food, ritual, and familial togetherness. Although a wonderfully diverse array of Shabbat practices exist among today's Jewish families, disparate Shabbat tables coalesce around the following rituals, creating a vibrant tapestry of Jewish peoplehood and tradition.
Nerot: Lighting the Shabbat Candles
Candle lighting signifies the onset of Shabbat and the conclusion of a hectic workweek. As the Sabbath lights are kindled and the blessing is recited, a moment of familial and individual transformation occurs. The flame kindles holiness, peace and joy within the home, and the proclamation of the blessing signifies one's personal acknowledgement of Shabbat.
Upon igniting the Sabbath lights we are reminded of God's first act of creation. As Abraham Joshua Heschel writes, "Just as creation began with the word, 'Let there be light!' - so does the celebration of creation begin with the kindling of lights."1
It is traditional to light two candles prior to sunset. Eliezer b. Joel Halevi (Ravya, twelfth-thirteenth centuries) first noted this custom, suggesting that it reflects the biblical commandments to "guard" (shamor) and "remember" (zakhor) Shabbat.2 These commandments are also referenced in Lecha Dodi, our Kabbalat Shabbat prayer welcoming the Sabbath bride.
Kiddush: Sanctifying Shabbat over Wine
Through Kiddush, we acknowledge two of God's greatest gifts - the Creation of the world and the Exodus from Egypt - and express gratitude for Shabbat, the divine gift we receive every week. The Kiddush is composed of two blessings: the first blesses the wine and the second distinguishes and sanctifies the day. The blessing over the wine is a rabbinic addition, designed to celebrate and "toast" God and our day of rest.
During the Kiddush, many families cover their challot (plural of challah) with beautiful hand-made covers. The custom of covering the challah while reciting Kiddush assuages the conundrum of what to bless first. Bread, one the one hand, is the main component of the daily meal and is generally honored first, as wheat and grains are mentioned before grapes in the Biblical listing of the seven species (Deuteronomy 8:8). However, the Shabbat meal commences with the Kiddush, which is inextricably linked with drinking wine. Accordingly, we cover the challah to simulate its absence during the Kiddush, and thus justify blessing the wine before the challah.
Challah: Blessing and Sharing Bread
Technically, "challah" does not connote the delicious braided bread baked to golden-browed perfection by Zaro's bakery. Rather, "challah" signifies the small fraction of bread that was once donated to the Temple, but today is removed and burned in commemoration. As one is especially mindful of the "challah" offering on Shabbat, the loaves consumed on Shabbat eventually became known as "challah."
It is customary to bless and eat two Challot, in order to recall the double portion of manna that God bestowed upon the Israelites during their time in the wilderness (Exodus 16:22). In addition, it is taught that the Temple's altar (a symbol of peace) was built with "unhewn" stones3 rather than tools of warfare. Accordingly, some families avoid cutting their challot, and instead, tear off pieces with their hands. This practice symbolizes the value of shalom bayit (peace in the home), a prerequisite for meaningful Shabbat ritual within the home. At some Shabbat tables, as the challah is blessed, each person touches the challah, or touches someone who is touching the challah, so that everyone is connected to that which nourishes and sustains - food, family, and love.
As life's daily commotions permeate our homes, home-based Shabbat rituals become increasingly valuable. Through thoughtful and deliberate "Shabbat at home" practices, our homes can reflect our most sacred values, and we are reminded of life's most important pursuits.
Hechel, Abraham Joshua. The Sabbath. Canada: HarperCollins, 1951, pg. 66. Hoffman, Rabbi Lawrence, ed. My People's Prayer Book: Traditional Prayers, Modern Commentaries. Volume 7: Shabbat at Home. Woodstock, VT: Jewish Lights, 2004, pg. 49. Zion, Noam Sachs and Shawn Fields-Meyer. A Day Apart: Shabbat at Home: A Step-by-Step Guidebook with Blessings and Songs, Rituals and Reflections. Jerusalem: Shalom Hartman Institute, 2004, pg. 89.
Sarah Fishman is a rabbinical student at Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion's New York campus.
From an adorable puppy into… well.. a much larger adorable puppy, this short time-lapse by Greg Coffin captures his dog Sophia's growth from 2 months to 3 years old.
The most challenging part of the whole production was, of course, getting Sophia to sit still, a task Coffin delegated to his Amanda. As you can see from the outtakes at the end of the video, it wasn't always an easy task…
Oh, and in case you're wondering, Sophia's tail between her legs in many of these photographs is NOT because she's scared or hurt. As Greg explains in the comments of the video “This is a natural position for Ridgebacks to hold their tails. It's a trait of sighthounds. She holds it that way when she eats. ”
(via Laughing Squid)
Date: October 8, 2010
Author: Katherine
Surely every wine lover has seen the fanatically humorous and cleverly scripted 2004 film, Sideways. The anti-hero, Miles, is the epitome of a wine snob with an opinionated palette. Most of you probably remember how Merlot sales plummeted in the US that year as a result of the line where Miles shout, “If anyone orders Merlot, I'm leaving. I am not drinking any f***ing Merlot!” At the same time, Miles' preference for Pinot led to a rise a Pinot Noir sales by 20%. For Miles, his true love was Pinot and he would never dream of sully his palette with a taste of Merlot.
But what about that that treasured bottle in Miles' wine collection? The legendary 1961 Cheval Blanc. Ironically, he wound up drinking in a fast food restaurant out of a paper cup. But there's another layer of irony that might have gone unnoticed by most of the audience. Chateau Cheval Blanc produces some of the best and most expensive wines in Bordeaux. And what happens to be the main grape varietal Bordeaux- Merlot. Cheval Blanc is actually a blend of Merlot and Cabernet Franc, another variety that Miles snubs in the film.
Whether this was intentionally, clever irony by the screenwriters or just another Hollywood goof, I guess we will never know. But for Miles' sake, he should have been sitting on an old vintage from Burgundy instead.
Arizona Sunshine is releasing a new map today for its horde mode. In horde mode, you and up to three other players must work together in order to fend off waves of the undead while managing limited ammunition and health restoring items. Since launch, Arizona Sunshine has had only one horde map that is set in a brightly lit outdoor encampment. Today's update however will take players where they hoped they'd never have to go again: back into the mine.
The mine is a level in Arizona Sunshine's campaign mode that has become notorious for being the most horrifying 20-30 minutes of the entire game. The mine in the main game is pitch black with the only light source emanating from your flimsy flashlight or a few weak generators scattered around the map. Similarly, the new mine horde map surrounds you in darkness and makes you question what lies around every shadowy corner.
We had the chance to try the mine horde map at GDC 2017 and there a few things players need to be aware of before hopping in to this gut wrenching new experience. The first is that this map is significantly larger than Arizona's original horde arena. That map was essentially a square that you could cover in a few seconds. The mine, however, is so large that you'll have to actually hunt down zombies to progress through early waves rather than just letting them all come to you in a funnel.
According to the Vertigo reps at the GDC demo, exploration will be essential to succeed in this new map. Ammo and health will not simply spawn at your relatively well-illuminated starting platform. Instead, you'll need to grit your teeth and march into the dark unknown if you really want to go for the gold.
I played this map with unlimited ammo and invulnerability at GDC and I was still terrified out of my mind. My advice to you is to bring a friend, or two, or three. These jet-black caves are far too terrifying to challenge solo.
This new map will be filling in for the promised Las Vegas DLC that was slated to release last month. According to Vertigo, that content is now being slated for late March instead.
Tagged with: arizona sunshine, GDC, Vertigo Games
For over two decades, wherever Bubba Ray Dudley competed around the world, D-Von Dudley wasn't far behind. The duo has been everywhere, and they've done everything together.
Whenever Bubba Ray has belted his famous catchphrase -- "D-VON, GET THE TABLES!" -- his brother in arms was always ready to help crush another sorry soul through some wood. If Bubba asked, "waaaazzzzup," D-Von was there perched on the top rope with his tongue sticking out shouting, "waaaazzzzup" right back. Their most famous double-team move, the "3D", is one part flapjack from D-Von and another part cutter from Bubba Ray. Both parts combine to make a devastating maneuver that has helped make The Dudley Boyz the most decorated tag team in professional wrestling history.
That kind of synergy carried them through successful stints together in ECW, WWE, and TNA. But sometimes, even the most inseparable of duos need to blaze their own paths. During their time in TNA, Bubba, as Bully Ray, stuck out on his own and became a two-time singles world champion.
The WWE's unwillingness to split up the Dudleys this time around ended the team's latest and probably final run with the company in August 2016. Bubba Ray, in particular, wanted to showcase a side of himself separate from D-Von. A persona that is far from the stuttering "Buh Buh" Ray Dudley of early ECW or the table-crazed Bubba Ray in WWE.
He wanted to be the bully again.
"We were one day away from becoming Bully Ray in WWE," Bully Ray told ESPN.com. "One of the problems with having Bully Ray in the WWE was the word bully. How could they have a guy named Bully when they had the 'Be a STAR' program? It was a little too risky for them."
Bully Ray was responsible for some of the most successful feuds and storylines in TNA's history, during a time when he went toe-to-toe with Hulk Hogan. The character, at least at its peak, was as dastardly a heel as there's been in the business for quite some time.
"I mean [the WWE] have other characters there that do bully-ish type things, but the whole basis of Bully Ray is he is the quintessential bully," he said. "His entire character is built around bullying people. Built around making people do things against their will. And with the business they have going on now -- the Be a STAR program and more PG-rated stuff, bullying being such a sensitive subject around an entire world -- it just wasn't gonna work out."
The Dudley Boyz essentially did everything you could hope to do as a tag team. With D-Von moving on to a producing role with WWE, Bully Ray has gone out on his own as he continues his in-ring career. Miller Safrit/ESPN
The Dudley Boyz left WWE exactly one year after making their long-awaited return, which happened on the day after Summerslam in 2015. While D-Von ultimately walked away from in-ring competition to become a WWE producer, and WWE wasn't interested in debuting Bully Ray, it didn't take long before other promotions came calling with a different kind of opportunity.
"Ring of Honor reached out to me I think the day after I left WWE," Bully Ray said. "They were actually interested in bringing in both me and D-Von into Ring of Honor, which would've been insane. D-Von had made a life decision where he wanted to devote a little more time to his family and physically in the ring wanted to slow it down just a little bit. I still have gas in the tank. I think Ring of Honor was the perfect place for me to continue as Bully Ray."
Bully Ray on ROH's War of the Worlds in Manhattan "It's gonna be awesome. Myself and the Briscoes vs. Goto and Roppongi Vice. It's gonna be a cool six-man match. It's gonna be great to be able to compete there again. Being able to be with Ring of Honor now and now do my first co-event with New Japan. Me and D-Von have a very interesting relationship with New Japan. There's one company out there that I never thought that me and D-Von would ever be successful in, and that was New Japan. "And then when we had the first opportunity to go there it went great. We did three [Tokyo] Dome shows. We were the IWGP tag team champions for a full year. Me and D-Von are still undefeated in Japan. We have never been pinned. We've never submitted. Since the first time we went to Japan in 1996 or '97 to this day, we've never lost a match in Japan. I don't know any other American tag team, not Doc and Gordy, not Hanson and Brody, nobody can claim that. It's gonna be a great event. "The thing about it is, the fans in that building -- it's almost like Mad Max Thunderdome. It's the Thunderdome feeling in the Hammerstein Ballroom. And every single fan there is more of a more educated wrestling so they know what they want to see. They appreciate what they're seeing. Throwing the streamers, Japanese style. I would've loved to have wrestled Adam Cole in a table match because I think that would've been really interesting considering what happened when I made my return, but this one is going to be just as good. I'm going to go in there with the same mindset I do for every single match with: steal the show."
Bully Ray chose to sign with Ring of Honor, a company he'd never wrestled for in its 15-year existence, over a more lucrative offer from the place where the "Bully" character was born.
"I had a huge offer to go back to TNA (now called Impact Wrestling), but I just knew in my heart it just wasn't the right decision at the time," Bully Ray said. "I am making less money with Ring of Honor than I would have been making with TNA if I accepted their offer, but I knew Ring of Honor was the right fit. Bully Ray belonged at Ring of Honor at this time. I don't think I could've topped what I did as Bully Ray in TNA with the current landscape of TNA. Knowing all the great talent that Ring of Honor has, the passion of their locker room, the passion of their fans, and the fact that it's the kind of setting I love to be in more than anything else, it was absolutely the right fit."
Bully Ray had come to terms with Ring of Honor, but no one in the wrestling community was aware of it as his debut neared. That has been a specialty of Bully Ray throughout his career -- making real surprises and returns in an era where almost everything is spoiled on the internet. No one expected him to walk out as the third entrant in the 2015 Royal Rumble. The Dudley Boyz' return to WWE in August 2015 after a decade-long absence was known by so few people that even the wrestlers backstage only found out as Bubba and D-Von strolled into gorilla position. Bully Ray's ROH debut in March was no different.
"It was very special to call the surprise debut of Bully Ray. I didn't know what was coming. That's completely legitimate," ROH play-by-play announcer Ian Riccaboni said. "I got a tap in my headset that said, 'Please refer to him as this,' and that was it. I did not know he was in the building. That was a really cool moment."
On a night when the Hardy Boyz made a shock debut and won the Ring of Honor tag team championships, Bully Ray had one more surprise in store as he came out in the show's closing minutes and put former three-time ROH champion Adam Cole through a table. RING OF HONOR
Bully Ray ran out in front of a shocked crowd at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City and chokeslammed an equally stunned Adam Cole through a table. The crowd erupted into 'E-C-DUB' chants as Bully Ray made a major statement in his first moments as a Ring of Honor performer.
"Of course I didn't enjoy being put through a table," Cole said. "As far as Bully debuting in New York City and putting someone through a table, it was a perfect debut for him."
Bully Ray fought off the rest of the Bullet Club alongside the Briscoes and Bobby Fish, and grabbed the mic to cut an impassioned promo.
"If I came to Ring of Honor, it's because I genuinely want to," Bully Ray said to the raucous crowd. "When I retire I want to be able to say that I fought for Ring of Honor."
Bully Ray spoke with an intensity and sense of reality that Bubba Ray lacked as a more one-dimensional character in his latest WWE run. His words reverberated throughout the same building where the Dudley Boyz main evented the original ECW One-Night Stand pay-per-view in 2005, in what would be the team's final appearance in WWE for over a decade.
Bully Ray felt at home again.
"It was really cool, because this had been the first time in a long time I was genuinely excited," Bully Ray said. "I've told people that going out there in the Hammerstein for Ring of Honor that night was actually more exciting for me than walking out in front of 100,000 people at WrestleMania. A lot of people say, 'That's impossible. It can't be. You're crazy.' For me it's more exciting because of the intimate feel. When you come up in a company like ECW and you're used to that intimacy, that's what you really crave.
"Earlier in the day I thought I had an upset stomach. Like, 'Oh man, I don't feel well. There's something wrong. What's wrong with me?' And I was like, 'You got butterflies'. I actually had a little bit of butterflies. It was nervous energy. I was really excited to be back in my hometown of New York City for Ring of Honor. But what a surprise."
There aren't many titles that Bully Ray hasn't held over the course of his career, but his partnership with the Briscoes has already earned him a reign as ROH world six man tag team champions. RING OF HONOR
The debut of Bully Ray wasn't the only surprise that night. Earlier in the night The Hardy Boyz emerged after the lights went out and confronted the Young Bucks. Moments later, they captured the ROH tag-team belts in an impromptu match.
Bully Ray on the Hardy Boyz return to WWE "No shock to see the Hardy Boyz return at WrestleMania. No shock to see the Hardy Boyz get the reaction they got. No shock that they stole the show. Guys named Hardys and guys named Dudleys have been stealing shows since the day they stepped foot in a wrestling ring. The Dudleys and the Hardys have stolen many, many, many a show. I was very happy to see that guys I made a lot of money with and a tag team still got the loudest reaction at the biggest show on the planet."
"What a night for Ring of Honor in New York City to have the one-two punch of the Hardyz and Bully Ray all coming back and nobody knowing about it," Bully Ray said. "It gave Ring of Honor such a good kick in the ass that has helped them even get to the next level."
Every promotion needs star power, even the youthful, in-ring based Ring of Honor. ROH has a history of developing stars before they became household names -- CM Punk, Daniel Bryan, Samoa Joe, Seth Rollins, and Kevin Owens, just to scrape the surface. Bully Ray wants to be a veteran who helps cultivate that talent, much like Terry Funk was for ECW two decades ago.
"ECW needed something in 1995 to help them get more notoriety, and Terry Funk was that guy," Bully Ray said. "He was that veteran wrestler who was able to help with the credibility of the product and that's what I hope I could do with Ring of Honor. No matter what they have me doing -- if they want me wrestling in six manses with the Briscoes, if they want me working with the world heavyweight champion or they want me working the opening match -- it doesn't matter to me. As long as I can lend the name credibility of Bully Ray, or Bubba Ray, or the Dudley Boyz, or Team 3D, whatever it is to help get that company more exposure."
Although the promotion has been around for over 15 years, ROH's business model is far different from that of WWE or even Impact Wrestling. ROH doesn't have a national TV deal. Their shows aren't booked in NBA arenas, but instead field houses, gymnasiums, and small buildings that seat closer to 1,000 fans than 20,000. ROH has been around for so long because they are anything but WWE. The intimate setting of ROH has created as passionate and loyal of a fanbase as there is in wrestling. Bully Ray remembers exactly how that feels.
"Ring of Honor picked up where ECW left off," Bully Ray said. "When ECW was gone there was a huge void left to be filled and Ring of Honor did it. They've been around for 15 years and they have gotten better, and better, and better. They are a perfect example of how slow and steady wins the race."
In the short time he has been performing for Ring of Honor, Bully Ray has already gotten a chance to get in the ring and square off with two of his former students, New Japan Pro Wrestling standouts the Guerillas of Destiny. RING OF HONOR / Steve Wright Jr.
Bully Ray has enjoyed the more tame schedule of ROH compared to WWE, where he was on the road between 250-300 days a year. At 45, the travel was starting to take a toll on him. Bully Ray plans to wrestle 40-50 shows this year with ROH, which gives him more than enough time to commit to his other ventures. Bully Ray also recently started as a co-host on Sirius XM's Busted Open Radio two days a week. He's also busy training wrestlers at the Team 3D Academy, which he opened with D-Von in 2007.
While Bully Ray continues to compete in ring, D-Von is working with the next generation of talent. Bully Ray hopes to one day reunite with his longtime partner in WWE, only this time they won't be smashing guys through tables. Until that day comes, Bully Ray will just have to get the tables himself.
"It wasn't time for me to hang up my boots yet," he said. "I have been asked in the past by the higher-ups in WWE if I'd be interested in being a producer, and when the time is right hopefully that position is still available."
Whether this is Bully Ray's last stop of his wrestling career, or his last major stop, he's out there now because he wants to be there, and he has value. With an ability to still go in the ring, but knowledge that most anything you can accomplish in a career is already behind him, it's all about having fun, getting the rush from the crowd and giving back to the business that has given him so much.
"I have nothing left to prove in ring. Zero," Bully Ray said. "People will be talking about the Dudley Boys, or Team 3D or Bully Ray for a long time to come, whether that's from what we did in ECW, being the nine-time WWE tag team champions, stealing shows at WrestleMania, being the most decorated team in the world, the Bully Ray run, what I was able to accomplish in TNA. What is [there] left to do?"
For the second year in a row, electric vehicle-maker Tesla has bested all competitors in the Monte Carlo Alternative Energy Rally, throwing more doubt on Top Gear's claims of low range for its electric roadster. Former F1 driver Eric Comas drove the Arctic White Roadster to victory, also driving the car more than 800 km to win the Electric Vehicle Cup. Read on to learn what it takes to win this grueling race.
The Monte Carlo Alternative Energy Rally follows some of the historic roads of the original Monte Carlo rally and passes over the Col du Corobin, a 1,230-meter pass that offers alternative energy vehicles the chance to prove they have stamina. The Tesla Roadster has a range of 212 miles, or 340 kilometers, but the car managed to pull out an extra 110 kilometers to win this race.
“Thanks to the incredible efficiency of the Roadster, on Saturday we were able to drive for more than 450 km. There is nothing on the road like it,” said Comas.
+ Tesla
Via PR Newswire
(CNN) U.S. officials pressed for a ceasefire in Yemen and sought the release of Americans being held by Houthi rebels in secret talks with the Iranian-backed fighters last week, according to several senior U.S. officials and an Arab diplomatic source.
The talks, in which a delegation of top Obama administration officials participated, were the first direct talks with representatives of the group since hostilities in Yemen began. The meeting was first reporting by The Wall Street Journal.
The discussions were held in neighboring Oman, whose leader, Sultan Qaboos bin Said, helped to arrange the talks. U.S. officials helped arrange a flight for several Houthi representatives to Oman's capital city of Muscat for the meeting, the sources said.
The U.S. officials said the Obama administration had been trying to open a channel of communication with the Houthi rebels for some time but until now had only been talking through intermediaries.
Last week's talks, led by Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs Anne Patterson and U.S. Ambassador to Yemen Matthew Tueller, were aimed at putting a permanent ceasefire in place along with a political resolution to the conflict, which has drawn in Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states.
A senior administration official said U.S. officials from the embassy in Yemen met with Houthi representatives several years ago in a more informal format, but that they have not had direct contact since then, let alone talks resembling the high-level ones that have taken place now.
"We thought it would be useful to meet with them and explain our point of view, and figured they would want to explain their point of view," the official told CNN. "We thought talking directly would clear up any misunderstandings about the United States."
The official said that at the meeting, the American delegation explained that the U.S. wanted to see a political process in Yemen and that everyone, the Houthis among them, should be included.
"They are certainly entitled to be part of a political solution. But you can't attack neighboring countries, arrest people and attack the legitimate government there," the official said. "There are a lot of red lines being crossed."
The official said Houthi representatives seemed "reasonable" and "seemingly amenable" to the idea of a humanitarian ceasefire, as well as joining the political process being led by the U.N. in Geneva.
The Houthis maintained they were in fact already observing the ceasefire imposed last month, the official said, but stressed that the U.S. has information that counters that claim.
The official said the U.S. delegation also discussed what are thought to be as many as three remaining Americans in Houthi custody, after U.S. citizen Casey Coombs was released and sent to Oman Monday. The Houthis agreed to keep talking about the fate of the others.
Although another meeting between the two sides has not been set, the officials said they expect to have one in the not-too-distant future.
"My guess is there will be another meeting," the official said. "We hope to have ongoing contact with them."
The official praised the role of Oman, which, in addition to setting up and hosting the meeting, helped facilitate the release of Coombs, who was detained over the past two weeks. The Omanis also acted as intermediaries between the U.S. and Houthis for several months before the secret direct talks.
A Saudi-led coalition has launched airstrikes on Houthi targets to return Yemen's leader Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi to power after the rebels forced him to flee the capital. Saudi Arabia also accuses Iran of arming and funding the Houthis and interfering on its border, and has sought to counter what it calls Iranian aggression in the region.
The U.S. has supplied intelligence for the Saudi-led operations and has helped implement a blockade to prevent weapons from going to the Houthis.
The presence of U.S. naval forces has helped keep Iranian ships in the area away from the country, sparking fears of a conflict between Washington and Tehran as the two sides seek to negotiate a nuclear deal by the end of June.
Patterson, who was in Saudi Arabia last week, notified the Saudi government before the meeting took place, the U.S. administration officials said.
State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters Monday that Coombs was in stable condition and that the U.S. ambassador to Oman and a consular official met him at the airport in Muscat upon his arrival to provide consular assistance.
An Oman news agency reported earlier Monday that, acting on instructions from Sultan Qaboos to assist the United States, "Oman has helped the American government ... find the missing [American] citizen in Yemen."
JUST WATCHED Houthi forces claim Saudi jet shot down in Yemen Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Houthi forces claim Saudi jet shot down in Yemen 02:12
"We are grateful to the government of Oman and personally to Sultan Qaboos for assisting with the safe passage of a U.S. citizen to Oman," Harf said.
Several of the Americans still being held are believed to be in the capital city of Saana. It is unclear where exactly they are located and whether they're in the same place.
There may be other Americans being held inside and outside the capital, according to the officials.
At least one captive is believed to be a dual U.S.-Yemeni national. Coombs and the remaining Americans are among dozens of U.S. citizens who chose to stay in Yemen or were unable to leave the country after the U.S. closed its embassy in February and evacuated its personnel.
They were detained at different times over the past two weeks, the officials said. However, the circumstances under which they were taken into custody remain unclear.
It is also unclear why they were detained. At first, the Yemenis thought the Houthis took them to gain leverage on peace talks with the government, but that seems to have been ruled out after the rebels made no demands.
"It looks like they were just at the wrong place at the wrong time," a Yemeni official said.
There is no indication the remaining Americans have been physically harmed.
At 8:58 P.M. on Tuesday, Israel's 2012 war against Iran came to a quiet end. The capricious plans for a huge aerial attack were returned to the deep recesses of safes and hearts. The war may not have been canceled but it has certainly been postponed. For a while, at least, we can sound the all clear: It won't happen this year. Until further notice, Israel Air Force Flight 007 will not be taking off.
According to a war simulation conducted by the U.S. Central Command, the Iranians could kill 200 Americans with a single missile response to an Israeli attack. An investigative committee would not spare any admiral or general, minister or president. The meaning of this U.S. scenario is that the blood of these 200 would be on Israel's hands.
The base in Parchin where Iran conducted nuclear tests. Google Earth, GeoEye
The moment the public dispute over whether to attack Iran is put in those terms, Israel has no real option to attack in contravention of American declarations and warnings.
That's the negative side. The complementary positive side was presented this week, on Tuesday evening. At 8:20, Pentagon spokesman George Little announced that the Defense Department would be seeking more money to help Israel fund the Iron Dome antimissile defense system.
Noting that support for Israel's security was a top priority for U.S. President Barack Obama and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, Little said that, given the Iron Dome system's success in intercepting 80 percent of the rockets fired from Gaza this month, the Defense Department "intends to request an appropriate level of funding to support such acquisitions, based on Israeli requirements and production capacity."
Thirty-eight minutes after that, Defense Minister Ehud Barak publicly thanked both Panetta and himself ("The decision was the result of contacts between the Defense Ministry and the Pentagon" ).
Israelis may be the world champions of chutzpah, but even biting the hand that feeds you has its limits when the bitten hand is liable to hit back. When Barak thanked the Obama administration "for helping strengthen Israel's security," he was abandoning the pretension to act against Iran without permission before the U.S. presidential elections in November.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
For all intents and purposes, it was an announcement that this war was being postponed until at least the spring of 2013.
Will the printed book still exist in 100 years? I think the smart money right now is on the answer to that question being “no.” But for the Future Library the question really doesn't matter, because in the year 2114 it will start printing paper books that no one has ever had the chance to read before.
The Future Library is a project created by artist Katie Paterson. It involves inviting authors to write books that will remain in trust and unread until the year 2114. The manuscripts will be held in a special room in the New Deichmanske Public Library lined with wood from the Nordmarka forest just outside Oslo in Norway. People can visit the room, but not read any of the books.
As well as the room, 1,000 new trees have been planted in the Nordmarka forest. They will grow for 100 years before being cut down to create the paper to print the books held in trust in the Future Library. As well as the manuscripts, the room in the library will also be home to a printing press meaning whatever happens over the next century there will still be a means of printing the books.
The Future Library has just opened because well-known Canadian author Margaret Atwood is the first to contribute a book. Every year from now until 2114 another book will be added, meaning 100 brand-new works to read by people in the next century.
Although on the surface it may seem like a fairly simple art project, it relies on a very long term commitment on the part of Oslo and requires a Future Library Trust to ensure a book keeps getting added each year and that the 1,000 trees are managed properly. But overall it does send out a fairly positive message that we still expect to be around in 100 years and still reading books, while at the same time promoting sustainability.
As President Obama prepares to address the nation about his vision for health care reform, we should not overlook the last, best truly transformative change to our health care system: Medicare. We have been staring so intently at the lessons of 1993 that we may have forgotten the universal rule of successful lawmaking: "keep it simple."
During the eleven town hall meetings I've held around my district, I've had some direct experience with the anxiety this debate has produced. Much of the fear comes from two groups: those who have Medicare and don't want it changed and those who have never had a government-run reimbursement system like Medicare and are worried about the impact it will have on their quality of care.
In both cases, a calm, reasoned and vigorous defense of the American single-payer plan is just what the doctor ordered.
The truth is that the United States already uses single-payer systems to cover over 47% of all medical bills through Medicare, Medicaid, the Veterans Administration, the Department of Defense and the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Understanding that these single-payer health programs are already a major part of our overall health care system should help us visualize what an actual public plan would look like. These institutions also provide health care to millions of satisfied customers in every community who would heartily agree that the government can build and run programs that work quite well.
Medicare also provides us with a case study in the hypocrisy of our Republican friends who have built their party on a 44-year record of undermining this popular program. And now their Chairman sees no irony in ripping "government run" healthcare while publishing an op-ed opposing changes to Medicare.
If Medicare has been such a success, why not extend it? Why not have single-payer plans for 55 year olds? Why not have one for young citizens who just left their parents or college coverage?
So far, the answers we hear to these questions have simply not been very convincing.
At one town meeting the President responded that that he was worried about its "destructiveness."
Really? Americans would still go to the same doctor and the same neighborhood hospital. Sure, they would be able to delete the 1-800 number of their insurance company from their cell phones. And doctors would have to get rid of all those file cabinets full of paperwork while their assistants who spend time fighting with insurance companies would be able to actually speak to patients.
But everyone would adjust, I'm sure.
The real reason we haven't seen the Democratic Party embrace the obvious and simpler idea is that it boils down to pure beltway politics.
We've been reluctant to tackle the real inefficiency in the current system, namely, the very presence of the private insurance companies. Too many in Washington would rather stay friends with the insurance and drug companies when real reform probably can't be achieved in a way that makes these powerful institutions happy.
That's not to say we should vilify the industry. When they pocket up to 30% in profits and overhead (compared to 4% for Medicare) or when their executives take multimillion dollar salaries, insurance companies are doing what their shareholders want them to do.
But let's leave it to the Republicans to defend those actions. I, and most Democrats, should not join the chorus that sounds like we care more about insurance companies than taxpayers.
The same is true for Big Pharma. If Wal-Mart can pool its customers to be able to offer the $4 prescriptions, why shouldn't the federal government drive the same hard bargain on behalf of the tax payers so they too get the best prices under Medicare? I pose this exact question at every town hall meeting I attend and if my colleagues and the President did the same on Wednesday night, they would mix good policy with good politics. Instead we have watched a puzzling dance as policymakers have effectively limited the savings we would find in the enormous drug expenditures that are a fixture in our current system. Is it any wonder citizens are confused?
I have no delusions about the muscle needed to overcome resistance from the insurance and pharmaceutical industries. But I believe that for every American we may lose to a slash-and-burn TV ad funded by these businesses, we will gain five among those who are looking for a clear rationale for what we are trying to accomplish and an example for what it may look like.
We also achieve something else: realignment of the political universe. Democrats understand the role of government and are proud of our signature achievement: Medicare. The Republicans care most about big business.
I'll take that fight any day. And I'm hoping that the President will tell us on Wednesday that he is willing to do the same.
Minnesota Vikings rookie Anthony Barr has played well his first few weeks in the NFL, and people are taking notice.
Through his first five games, Barr has 21 solo tackles, eight assisted tackles and two sacks.
Barr's coach, Mike Zimmer said that he expects Barr to become one of the best linemen in the NFL.
Barr has played well on the field, but he has also had experiences off the field that have shown that he is not just a great football player, but a great person.
Barr is one of 17 Famous Fan's of Subway, and of the players, he is the only rookie.
Above is Barr appearing in a Subway commercial with Justin tuck and Robert Griffin III
According to Rick Kupchella's BringMeTheNews, as part of his deal with Subway, Barr was given an unlimited Subway card.
“I got a little black card,” Barr said in an interview. “It's an unlimited card, but I gave it to my mom, so I still pay for my Subway. My mom gets free subs. … Everybody at home gets free subs.”
Barr's classy gesture shows that he truly is a great player, and hopefully his greatness will continue on the football field as his career continues.
Down and Distance Contributor AJ Rupp @ajrupp
We have to retool and retrain people for 21st-century jobs. I think that's not impossible. … Americans are afraid [to reinvent themselves] because they don't even know what the first step looks like, and that's on ... the government and public service to show people the way. We have come through many stages in America where we've helped people walk through new doors and new opportunities, but there's a fear and a reluctance towards change. ...[For some] it's about this sense of pride that these people have been doing this for years and their parents did it before them. We have to deal with it delicately because it's dignity, it's history. We have to help people transition skills-wise and psychologically.
Fadulu: How difficult do you think it will be to get the federal government to invest in apprenticeships?
Campa-Najjar: President Trump's [June 2017] executive order and his stated goal of increasing the number of apprenticeships by] 5 million ... is a good gesture. It's moving in the right direction, [even though] it's not even close to what we need. But that tells me there's a bipartisan sentiment in the power and effectiveness and need and urgency of apprenticeship.
Fadulu: Even though a company has invested in an apprentice, couldn't the apprentice leave and go elsewhere for a job that pays better? It sounds risky from a business perspective.
Campa-Najjar: There are certain agreements that could prevent that. Unions, when they do apprenticeships, they just say, “If we train you, you have committed to staying for five years.” It's almost like the military. ... Maybe there's just [a need for] accountability on both sides [when it comes to companies and their employees]. The employer and employee come into this relationship where we're going to train you and you will work for us for the next five years. We'll put you on this curriculum where every couple months you get a promotion. ... So I think there are some things legislatively we could do to make that happen.
Fadulu: Do apprenticeships ever include lessons on, say, how to be a good person or espouse the value of knowledge for the sake of knowledge?
Campa-Najjar: I think that if we see this massive exodus [of people] out of colleges, that will happen, but that's not what people who support apprenticeship are calling for. It's college for the rest of us. It's not saying, “Hey! Don't go to college.” It's like, “If you're not going to go to college, face the fact that you need more skills” and “If you're not going to do college because of debt, because you don't want to spend the time, because you just don't care about getting an education of that kind, there is an alternative.”
And sometimes apprentices go back to college because they want to manage the project they had been working on [in their apprenticeship] and they get support from their employer [to do so]. ...I think [apprenticeship and higher education are] more complementary—that's why a lot of community colleges are on the front lines of making apprenticeship work. They just see it as another step in continuing education.
This article is part of the “What Makes a Worker?” project, which is supported by a grant from Lumina Foundation.
The new $4.31 rate is after a 14¢ repayment is applied for loans Murray Goulburn gave farmers to see them through the final months of the 2016 financial year after April's price cut. Australia is now the only country to export live cattle to Indonesia. Credit:Louie Douvis Murray Goulburn said on Tuesday it expected its price to rise to $4.80 by the end of next season. David Basham, acting president of advocacy body Australian Dairy Farmers, said farmers would now endure an entire year of being paid less for their milk than the cost of producing it. "This is going to be really tough for the Murray Goulburn farmers - it's going to be below the cost of production for the majority of them," Mr Basham said.
"We think that about $5 to $5.20 is about where cost of production is in the current environment and this is a good way below that." The plant closures will cost 360 people their jobs. Credit:Jessica Shapiro Mr Basham said most farmers would have expected a higher opening price, based on those announced by competitors. Warrnambool Cheese and Butter will open at $4.80 and Bega announced a $5 opening price last week. United Dairyfarmers of Victoria president Adam Jenkins said many suppliers now faced hard choices about how to keep their businesses afloat. "They were gutted by the first decision and now they're numb at this decision," Mr Jenkins said.
"They understand it's good to have a conservative opening price moving forward, but they didn't think it'd be this low. "You can't help but think that some of this low price is born by some poor management decisions right from the outset last year." Murray Goulburn's interim chief executive David Mallinson said there was a global milk glut which continued to keep the global dairy price low. "The milk price, in reality, is probably lower than what most people were hoping for but… it is a reflection of where the market is," Mr Mallinson said. "What we heard from suppliers is they wanted guidance on where the milk price was. They last thing they need is future step-downs."
Mr Mallison said Murray Goulburn had set a lower opening and forecast milk price than its competitors because, as the market's largest player, it had greater exposure to price shifts on the global market. The producer was helping dairy suppliers through the price trough with support payments, and by waiving compulsory share acquisitions and extending interest free loans, Mr Mallison said. Murray Goulburn forecast a net profit after tax of $42 million for 2017 in an update to the market on Tuesday, two-thirds of which will go to farmers under the cooperative's profit-sharing deal. Murray Goulburn's major competitor Fonterra followed its shock April price cut, leading to widespread anger from both farmers and something of a consumer backlash against cheap, home brand milk. The price cut also lead to a $11.4 million funding package from the Victorian government and the industry and a $555 million low-interest federal loan scheme to help farmers adjust.
Contact the reporter: patrick.hatch@fairfaxmedia.com.au
TOKYO (Reuters) - With a scoop of a net Tokyo chef Naohito Hashimoto selects a poisonous blowfish, considered a delicacy in Japan, and with a few deft strokes of his gleaming knife starts the delicate process of preparing it for a customer.
File photo of blowfish, "fugu" in Japanese, swimming in a fish tank at a restaurant in the southwestern Japanese city of Shimonoseki on May 19, 2002. REUTERS/Toshiyuki Aizawa
In moments, Hashimoto has separated the edible parts of the fish from organs filled with a poison more deadly than cyanide.
For more than six decades, dicing blowfish in Tokyo has been the preserve of a small band of strictly regulated and licensed chefs, usually in exclusive restaurants.
But new laws coming into effect from October are opening the lucrative trade to restaurants without a license, making chefs like Hashimoto see red.
“We have spent time and money in order to obtain and use the blowfish license, but with these new rules anybody can handle blowfish even without a license,” said Hashimoto, a blowfish chef for some 30 years.
“They're saying it's now okay to serve blowfish. We licensed chefs feel this way of thinking is a bit strange.”
The poison known as tetrododoxin is found in parts of the blowfish, including the liver, heart, intestines and eyes, and is so intense that a tiny amount will kill. Every year there are reports of people dying after preparing blowfish at home.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Government says city laws covering the serving of blowfish should be changed to reflect changing times and hope that relaxing the rules will cut prices and bring Tokyo in line with the rest of the nation.
“Outside of Tokyo, the regulations for blowfish are even more relaxed and yet there are hardly any poison-related accidents,” said Hironobu Kondo, an official at the city's Food Control Department.
“There is the hope that the number of restaurants with unlicensed chefs serving blowfish will rise, and that blowfish as an ingredient will be used not only for traditional Japanese foods but also others such as Chinese and Western foods.”
A full-course meal of blowfish, known as fugu in Japanese, features delicacies such as blowfish tempura, slices of raw fish thin enough to see through fanned out across a plate like chrysanthemum petals, and toasted fins in cups of hot sake.
But the meal is far from cheap, as diners pay for the safety of a licensed chef. At Hashimoto's restaurant, a meal costs at least 10,000 yen a person.
Though thrill seeking diners are reputed to seek out chefs who leave just enough of the poison to make the lips tingle, blowfish professionals scoff at this as urban legend, noting that ingesting even that much of the poison would be hazardous.
Apprentice blowfish chefs must train with a veteran for a minimum of two years before they can take rigorous written and practical exams. In Tokyo, the exam fee runs to 17,900 yen.
Customers outside a Tokyo sushi restaurant, one of the places where blowfish could be served under the new rules, said there was no substitute for the skill of a trained chef.
“Cooking blowfish is an art form that requires technique and skills,” said screenwriter Shoji Imai. “That's why we pay good money for blowfish.”
Hashimoto's years of training means it takes him just two minutes to gut a blowfish, and he says there is no substitute for this kind of experience.
“I don't want people to forget that you can actually die from eating blowfish,” he said. “I feel the government's awareness of this has diminished.”
When the crypto community thinks of altcoin, cryptocurrencies like Litecoin, Dogecoin, and Peercoin are usually first on their mind. We have seen a growing number of altcoin since Bitcoin's introduction in 2009, simply because of the rapid adoption of cryptocurrencies all over the world. But is it possible to have an alternative altcoin? The new and innovative altcoin NXT and its developers have made it possible.
Less than a month ago, NXT launched their brand new digital currency, and soon after signed BTER as an exchange partner. With no mining on the network, NXT is the most energy efficient cryptocurrency, because the “forging” process requires little processing power. Forging NXT can even be done from a mobile device.The way NXT works is completely different from that of Bitcoin as it uses completely different algorithms for mining. In fact, the developers created NXT completely from scratch, in order to create the new alt-altcoin. The different algorithms used allow NXT users to mine with exponentially less computing power. NXT uses Proof of Stake (PoS), a concept initially pioneered by Peercoin, rather than Proof of Work, used by Bitcoin and other coins.As the first 100% Proof of Stake digital currency written from the ground-up, NXT is creating a new path on which altcoins can be built from. Unlike Proof of Work currencies like Bitcoin, the currency is secured by owners of already existing coins that receive a portion of transaction fees for forging a NXT block. A user is chosen to solve a block depending on their stake in the market, which allows everyone on the network to have the same reward potential.The idea behind NXT and Proof of Stake is to generate coins without using vast amounts of energy as the Bitcoin network does. This is done through the network, by calculating the amount of coins each user has and randomly selecting who will forge the next block. Everyone knows who will be mining the next block in the blockchain, making it impossible for a user to convince the network that a transaction didn't occur.Additionally, the network can detect which accounts do not participate in PoS and also recognize users forging a fraudulent block. A process called Transparent Forging enables the network to decrease the attacker's mining power to zero and keep the NXT network secure.NXT eliminates the possibility of double spending and 51% attacks, because each user knows who is responsible for forging the next block of transactions. A fork in the blockchain simply does not exist with the newest alt-altcoin. What Transparent Forging and PoS provides to NXT is something new for cryptocurrencies. Transactions continue to remain anonymous and secure, but unlike Bitcoin, each transaction requires less user confirmation, making digital transactions even more efficient.NXT is the first cryptocurrency that has been completely rewritten and is 100% Proof of Stake. Other altcoins like Peercoin, only uses PoS for a portion of its coins and uses Proof of Work for the rest. Digital currencies, most namely Bitcoin, along with other altcoins like Peercoin use mining to create new coins, working together to solve each block. This is the main point of difference with NXT - instead of mining new coins, NXT has already produced them. This enables the NXT network to focus on solving blocks and increase transaction efficiency, while decreasing power consumption for users.As with any alternative coin, NXT is very new to the cryptocurrency community. The entire market consists of 1 billion coins, all created by the NXT developers, and are currently worth just under $74,000,000USD. NXT also provides an alias system, arbitrary messaging at Block 40,000, asset exchange and a decentralized domain name system. There is no question that NXT warrants its own category, as the world's first alt-altcoin entirely based on Proof of Stake. With the growing popularity of cryptocurrency, the future looks very bright for NXT.
The miniature landscapes at the 35th annual Vancouver Train Expo were so meticulously created, it gave one the feeling of being a giant.
Cows the size of a fingernail grazed in farmers' fields while tiny clusters of families, suitcases in hand, were frozen in time on a station platform with trains zooming past.
article continues below
There were tiny towns — all with heavy traffic on the roads likely because the sheer variety of model cars on display are almost as fun as trains to look at. The creator of one city made clever blinking vintage billboards that he jammed around brick buildings — one of which included a strip club — that recalled the anonymity of a blue-collar American town in the 1970s.
One of the many popular toy train displays at the 25th annual Vancouver Train Expo was a city made out of LEGO. Photo Rebecca Blissett
While the settings for the model trains were compellingly nostalgic, the technology behind them was not. Most of the trains looping around the tracks at the PNE Forum this past weekend had miniscule circuit boards hiding in the engines. They were controlled by computer, with their operators plugging into points on the track to run several trains at once — much like real-world track operation.
The technology is one of the myriad reasons Tom Lundgren became a train modeller.
“People might think trains in general are old-fashioned and model trains as being old-fashioned — but they're really missing the point,” said Lundgren who holds the title of “leader” of the train expo committee. “There's some really high-tech stuff here and, for a young person, it can send them on a career in electronics.”
The Canadian Toy Train Association gave people of all ages a close-up view of driving a model train through its detailed landscape during Saturday's portion of the 35th annual Vancouver Train Expo at the PNE Forum. Photo Rebecca Blissett
Like many kids who grew up in East Vancouver of old, Lundgren didn't come from a family with money. He and his brother Jim loved model trains so much they built their own, crafting train cars out of oil cans. He learned about electronics and went on to a career in forestry, always marvelling at the railway systems in place that were built in a time before aerial photography and other technological advances.
Train modelling is also a great way to learn about Canadian history, Lundgren added. After all, the railway not only played a big part in the industrial age and how cities were designed, but it was a catalyst in the Canadian Confederation as provinces were promised a trans-Canada railway link if they joined. The models — no matter the scale — are perfect replicas of both past and present engines and cars. There are even books of photographs of trains so hobbyists can get their detailed paint schemes just right.
Even though the Vancouver Train Expo has grown over the past three decades — it was held at Burnaby's Cameron Recreational Complex up until three years ago when it moved to the much larger PNE Forum to accommodate exhibitors — the number of modellers is declining, Lundgren said.
“It has been traditionally a male activity, although there are ladies involved and they're very good,” he said. “It was very active in the years after the Second World War around which point I think model trains were the high-tech toy of the day.”
Many of the exhibits at the weekend's 35th annual Vancouver Train Expo featured dinosaurs as part of a counting contest. The winner was awarded a trip aboard the West Coast Railway Heritage Park's Polar Express. Photo Rebecca Blissett
These days, though, most toys are high tech and, in Vancouver especially, housing demographics have changed with many families either living in smaller spaces or in homes where the rec room basement has given way to the mortgage-helping rental suite. Although, Lundgren pointed out, the matchbox-sized Z scale can be set up on a small table.
While technology is part of model railroading, there were still older trains on display at the expo, including the live steam G scale engines from the Greater Vancouver Garden Railway Club, which use butane as fuel.
No matter the scale, it's the artistry that drives enthusiasts.
“For me, it's three-dimensional art that has movement,” said Lundgren. “It's not a painting, but it's pretty high-quality stuff.”
rvblissett@gmail.com
@rebeccablissett
Baby Bears Notification Form Congratulations on the birth/adoption of your child! Please complete the following form so that we can share this information in the next issue of Baylor News.
Baylor Retirement Plan Changes Take Effect In October 2018, enhancements to the Baylor Retirement Plan were announced, and faculty and staff were mailed a Transition Guide.
Baylor Traditions Ornaments Support Our Students The 2018 Baylor Traditions Ornaments raised more than $50,000 for the benefit of our students and the world they will impact throughout the coming year! Proceeds will provide opportunities for Baylor Engineering and Computer Science students to apply their knowledge, skills and passion to address human needs through their work. From innovations that provide mobility to the disabled to the installation of off-grid power solutions for hospitals, schools and orphanages, and the construction of basic utility vehicles using locally sourced materials to facilitate affordable transportation and economic opportunity, the educational experiences fueled by donor support secured through the Baylor Traditions Ornaments are making a difference for our students and our world.
Baylor's Give Light Campaign Impacts Every Area of the University With the launch of the public phase of Give Light in November, the University celebrated the success of a silent phase of the campaign and laid the groundwork for strong philanthropic support for the growth priorities of the University. Fundraising during the silent phase began with the establishment in May 2014 of five-year goals connected to the strategic vision Pro Futuris. Since that time and through January 2019, members of the Baylor Family have given more than $560 million and positioned the University for success in raising a total of $1.1 billion.
Bear Briefs A look at recent news of interest around the Baylor campus
City of Waco Honored with Founders Medal Established in 1969 as one of the most distinguished awards given by Baylor, the Founders Medal is reserved for those whose service and contributions have been unusually significant to the life and future of the University. The 2019 Founders Medal is awarded to the City of Waco for its decades-long support of and partnership with
Baylor University.
College of Arts & Sciences Unveils New Academic Requirements Beginning with the 2019-2020 academic year, students working toward any of the four undergraduate degrees certified by the Baylor University College of Arts & Sciences will follow a set of common courses required of all undergraduates. Known as the core curriculum, these courses are considered necessary for the general education of students, irrespective of their choice in major. The new core is designed to impart a shared foundation of knowledge, essential skills and moral and intellectual virtues while providing increased academic flexibility and interdisciplinary learning.
Commencement Congratulations Best wishes to the following Baylor employees and children or spouses of Baylor faculty and staff who graduated from the University in December 2018.
Exchanging Experiences, Expanding Perspectives: Baylor's Xavier Exchange As part of Baylor's initiative to integrate diverse learning environments on campus and create leaders prepared to engage a global community, the Baylor/Xavier University Exchange Program introduces students to new environments that create an awareness of different institutional and cultural perspectives. Located in New Orleans, Xavier University is an HBCU, which the Higher Education Act of 1965 defines as: “…any historically black college or university that was established prior to 1964, whose principal mission was, and is, the education of black Americans, and that is accredited by a nationally recognized accrediting agency…”
Film Festival Provides Experiential Learning Opportunities Originally started by film students in 1999, the Black Glasses Film Festival has grown into an annual event sponsored by the film and digital media department to give students an opportunity to showcase their films and reach an audience beyond the classroom.
I-35 Widening Project to Have Major Multi-year Impact on Campus The Texas Department of Transportation, the City of Waco and Baylor University are preparing for the first phase of a major, multi-year construction project on Interstate 35, which will significantly affect the University for the duration of the project.
Illuminate Steering Committee Accepting Proposals, Moving Baylor Towards R1 Status There are more than 4,600 higher education institutions in the country with only 130 achieving R1 status, a prestigious recognition by the Carnegie Commission on Higher Education naming universities with the highest level of research activity. Within the next 10 years, Baylor aspires to be among those named. A recently created Illuminate Steering Committee has taken the next steps toward making that happen by soliciting from faculty innovative and strategic proposals to contribute to the University's ambitious research goal.
New Policy Aimed at Creating Safer Roadways for the Baylor Campus Community Baylor's Department of Public Safety recently approved a new Traffic, Transportation, and Parking Policy for the University. One of the most notable inclusions in the policy is the prohibition of texting while driving or cycling on campus, unless hands-free technology is used. Already a law under the Texas Transportation Code, no texting while driving is also now an offense on Baylor's roadways and may result in a Baylor citation.
Of Note Congratulations and condolences in the Baylor family
Online Degrees: Providing Flexible Opportunities for Professional Education Baylor's expanding online degree programs offer the academically rigorous education professionals need to get ahead. Programs provide flexible education opportunities and require both field and project work, as well as strategically scheduled immersions.
Our Academia Research gazette, publications, presentations and awards by Baylor faculty and staff
Provost Search Committee Reports Progress The national search for a new provost continues to proceed on schedule, and the Provost Search Committee has begun the process of reviewing applications that were submitted by the Jan. 2 deadline. Led by co-chairs Charles Weaver, chair of psychology and neuroscience in the College of Arts & Sciences, and Cindy Riemenschneider, professor of information systems and associate dean in the Hankamer School of Business, the committee identified a short list of candidates in early January, and will select a group of finalists from that list in February.
Recent Arrivals Welcome to these new Baylor staff members
Upcoming Events Spring 2019 Upcoming events in and around the Baylor community
Certificate in Global Engagement, A Pathway to the World This Fall, Baylor launched the Certificate in Global Engagement as part of the new Quality Enhancement Plan, Global Baylor: Addressing Challenges to Human Flourishing.
Baylor Giving Day One thing is certain — the Baylor Family generously gives to current and future generations of Bears. The inaugural Giving Day, which ran from noon Aug. 28 to noon Aug. 29, was an incredible success and raised a total of $521,568 through 2,713 gifts dedicated to projects across the University.
Baylor Lights: Monique Marsh-Bell Dr. Monique Marsh-Bell has worked at Baylor for seven years. In November 2011, she started in the Counseling Center as a post-doctoral fellow. Since then, she has served as a staff psychologist, coordinator of multicultural services, senior psychologist and assistant director of community and diversity programming. After six years at the Counseling Center, Marsh-Bell is now the assistant athletic director for mental health services.
Baylor Nursing Begins New Chapter in New Academic Building As more students answer a call to the nursing profession, Baylor University's historic Louise Herrington School of Nursing (LHSON) in Dallas found itself needing significantly more space for teaching, research and collaboration.
Baylor Welcomes Title IX Coordinator Laura Johnson, Ph.D. Title IX Coordinator Laura Johnson, Ph.D., said she knows this all too well since she's lived it — as a resident director paying her way through graduate school. For Johnson, the daily encounters with students in the dorm fostered her holistic perspective of students — and redirected her career path. Rather than care for clients as a counselor would, Johnson found her calling to care for students in higher education.
Well, here's something that might get a big seal of approval from Bill Nye:
Climate disaster response rules
1) save lives
2) global warming is here
3) put officials who reject science in jail https://t.co/xLGt79yLOP — Brad Johnson (@climatebrad) September 7, 2017
Because SCIENCE, or something. The gross criminal negligence is settled!
No one expects the climate inquisition https://t.co/PkeH2VQYGK — Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) September 7, 2017
Hmm, there's a word for somebody who thinks that people who disagree with them should be imprisoned.
Whether you're "alarmist", "denier", or neither, you should soundly reject this guy as a belligerent fascist idiot https://t.co/olsbVgyohv — Justin Walton (@JustinRWalton) September 7, 2017
That's what it is!
Is this account part of a secret plan to discredit global warming advocates? If so, it's working. https://t.co/a16vhllnHz — Mark Hemingway (@Heminator) September 7, 2017
Some guy named Climate Brad has some ideas on how to deal with people not named Climate. https://t.co/3LYGAT7Ucg — Cuffy (@CuffyMeh) September 7, 2017
How a liberal detects climate disaster:
1: Walk outside and check the weather.
2: Whatever it's doing = Climate disaster. https://t.co/wecYVK5Qiy — Daniel (@ddwalk34) September 7, 2017
4) Go pound sand you fucking fascist. https://t.co/FLAGNjvwmI — Anthony Abides (@AnthonyAbides) September 7, 2017
So for the 12 years we went without a major storm, would you have still jailed people during that time or nah? https://t.co/wecYVK5Qiy — Daniel (@ddwalk34) September 7, 2017
OK, let's throw Al Gore in jail for his 11,000 sq ft. house and private jet. He is rejecting science, by your definition. Good luck. https://t.co/BvNOAYJtjI — Nathan Wurtzel (@NathanWurtzel) September 7, 2017
There's a potential backfire that the Left doesn't seem to take into account with that approach:
What happens if climate "deniers" decide that calling people "climate deniers" should be a crime? Are you cool with that? https://t.co/yH9W5vsWNT — RBe (@RBPundit) September 7, 2017
Should we also jail those whose climate projections have been wrong? https://t.co/rPNqXiwEjP — David Harsanyi (@davidharsanyi) September 7, 2017
Also, blame as been directly assigned for Hurricane Irma. If you're drinking a beverage this might be a good time to put it down for a moment:
"limit" on intensity of hurricane windspeeds increases about 18 mph per degree C of SST warming https://t.co/MQnuoAYWVi — Tim Osborn (@TimOsbornClim) September 6, 2017
Call off all research, because here's somebody who has everything completely figured out!
***
Related:
WHOOPS! David Axelrod takes dig at ‘deniers,' scoops up BIG inconvenient truths instead
SHOCKER: Bill Nye gets basic science wrong while linking Irma to global warming
Taipei has always been a city where one doesn't have to work hard to eat awfully well: It has a street food scene as vibrant as that of Bangkok; restaurants that specialize in both Taiwanese and regional cuisines from around China; thousands of cheap and cheerful joints at which to drink cold beer with small plates and quick stir-fries; and a plethora of sushi bars, a remnant of decades spent under Japanese rule.
It's easier than ever to enjoy those qualities, largely thanks to a crop of chefs drawing inspiration from homegrown ingredients: cured mullet roe, lily stems, purple taro, pork from local black pig. Taiwan offers possibilities for farm-to-table dining that don't exist in Singapore and Hong Kong. Surrounded by clean waters and dotted with mountains and fertile plains, with more than 20 microclimates and a deeply embedded small farming tradition recently given new life by urbanites going back to the land, Taiwan places its agricultural bounty within easy reach of diners in the capital.
“Now everyone is talking about local ingredients,” the Taiwanese chef André Chiang said. “We have everything here, and we should be proud of it.” Serving ingredient-focused contemporary Taiwanese cuisine, Mr. Chiang's two-year-old RAW is just one of a growing number of restaurants, ranging from casual to upscale, that are riding the wave of a growing “eat local” movement.
MIT Economist Dr. Jonathan Gruber, widely cited as “the architect of ObamaCare,” recently committed a Kinsley gaffe, “when a politician tells the truth – some obvious truth he isn't supposed to say.”
This bill was written in a tortured way to make sure CBO did not score the mandate as taxes. If CBO scored the mandate as taxes, the bill dies. Okay, so it's written to do that. In terms of risk rated subsidies, if you had a law which said that healthy people are going to pay in – you made explicit healthy people pay in and sick people get money, it would not have passed… Lack of transparency is a huge political advantage. And basically, call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever, but basically that was really really critical for the thing to pass. It's a second-best argument. Look, I wish Mark was right that we could make it all transparent, but I'd rather have this law than not.
This provokes four questions:
Is Dr. Gruber right that lack of transparency was a huge political advantage in enacting ObamaCare? Do Dr. Gruber's allies in Congress and the Obama White House agree that ObamaCare cross-subsidies were intentionally obscured to avoid politically unpopular votes? Do they agree with the more general principle, that some large, explicit, and transparent subsidies will be unpopular, and that the only way to enact them is to hide and obscure them? If so, is it ethical to hide and obscure large cross-subsidies (or large costs), in ObamaCare and elsewhere, so they can be enacted into law? Does the end of greater redistribution justify the means of obfuscation, of lying to voters?
Here are my answers.
Yes. Dr. Gruber is right that lack of transparency provided a huge political advantage in enacting ObamaCare. He is correct that the cross-subsidies within that bill would have doomed it had they been explicit, transparent, and well understood. If your goal is to enact unpopular subsidies then hiding them is an effective means to doing so. Yes. I would bet heavily that both Team Obama and key Congressional Democrats involved in enacting the Affordable Care Act intentionally obscured these policies as Dr. Gruber described and for the reasons he gave. I think this logic permeates the construction, drafting, and enactment of this law. Yes. I think this tactic is core to progressives' long-term success in expanding government's function as a massive income redistribution machine. This logic underlies hidden cross-subsidies in many of our largest government programs and the taxes imposed to finance them. It is on occasion embraced across the political spectrum, but it's a tool used far more often by the Left to redistribute society's resources behind our backs. No. I think this tactic is repulsive and unethical in a representative democracy.
Here are a few areas where American economic policy hides or obscures subsidies or costs, I believe intentionally.
As Dr. Gruber points out, in ObamaCare the healthy cross-subsidize the sick. He does not point out that embedded within this the healthy subsidize the sick for the portion of their sickness related to unhealthy behaviors. A Congressional floor vote to defend such a value choice, if made transparent and explicit, would certainly fail.
ObamaCare also forces young people to subsidize older people by limiting the width of premium “rating bands” for insurance sold in the individual market. This was the result of closed-door lobbying by AARP. This one might pass Congress if voted upon explicitly, but the ACA's architects hid it to avoid admitting that they were shafting young people.
Social Security conflates forced individual retirement saving, insurance programs, and massive cross-subsidies, in part to hide the latter.
So does Medicare. The biggest cross-subsidies are across birth year cohorts but there are plenty of others as well. Don't get me started on trust fund accounting.
The employer-side half of FICA payroll taxes that finance most of Social Security and part of Medicare are often framed as if they “are paid by the employer” when their true economic burden is borne by the employee in the form of lower wages. If all FICA taxes were imposed on the employee-side they would be more transparent and less popular.
A minimum wage increase forces low-skilled unemployed workers to subsidize the wages of the low-skilled employed. Expanding the earned income tax credit is a more transparent way to help the low-skilled unemployed but it puts the costs on budget and in full view. The Left pushes to hide the costs and lies, claiming it's a free lunch.
CAFE fuel economy requirements are less transparent than a gas tax that would achieve a similar goal. But gas tax increases are wildly unpopular while raising CAFE standards appear only to make things harder “on the auto companies.”
A global CO2 cap-and-trade system would have obscured the redistribution of global economic growth from developed economies to developing economies. An explicit and transparent carbon tax imposed only on developed economies would achieve a similar endpoint but would have made explicit this massive proposed global redistribution.
For years policymakers used Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to subsidize homeowners through hidden credit subsidies. The Left pushed this for low-income homebuyers through affordable housing goals, while elected officials across the political spectrum supported the same thing for all homebuyers through special advantages conferred by government on these two firms.
I could go on. Corporate incomes taxes hide the costs imposed on the people who work for, own, and buy from these firms. Many agricultural subsidies are intentionally obfuscated to enhance their bipartisan support.
Apparently Dr. Gruber thinks it's OK to lie to American voters when his allies are in power to enact policies that he wants but the voters wouldn't. He then says American voters are “stupid” both for not agreeing with his value choices and for not figuring out the deception.
I disagree.
When you strip away all the complexity, economic policy is ultimately an expression of elected officials making difficult value choices. If over time these officials make value choices that do not reflect the values of the people whom they represent, they can, should, and will be replaced.
When these same elected officials, and those who advise them, deliberately construct policies to hide value choices that would be unpopular were they transparent and explicit, we end up with two terrible outcomes. We get policies that do not reflect our values, and we re-elect representatives who are lying to us.
#OceaniaRugbyU20Champs: @AllBlacks U20s winger Mason Emerson scored the lone try of the first half. pic.twitter.com/RSnCAaUQxk— Oceania Rugby (@oceaniarugby) May 3, 2016
After an error-ridden first half where neither side gained any dominance, New Zealand stepped it up in the second half to run away with a four try victory. Wellington prop Alex Fidow made a big impact from the bench to open up holes in the Australian defence while left wing Mason Emerson crossed for two tries in an electric performance.In a tight first half, Australia held the edge in the set piece but were constantly forced into errors and turnovers from the fast New Zealand defensive line. The only try of the half came when speedy Hawke's Bay wing Mason Emerson finished off a sweeping backline movement to score in the corner.The pace of the game lifted in the second half as halfback Sam Nock ignited New Zealand to set up a try to lock Quentin Strange in the 45th minute. Moments later, Australia responded when halfback Moses Sorovi finished a brilliant counter attack to make it 13-10.With the game in the balance, rampaging replacement prop Alex Fidow made a series of telling runs to put Australia on the back foot. A converted try and penalty to Jordie Barrett stretched the lead to 23-10 before Mason Emerson capped off a strong performance with his second try out wide.The win puts one New Zealand hand on the Oceania Cup with the second and final match to be played this Saturday at the same venue. WATCH the LIVE STREAM on allblacks.com from 6pm NZT on Saturday 7 May.30 (Mason Emerson 2, Quentin Strange, Jordie Barrett tries, Barrett 2 con, 2 pen)10
This gallery is an assortment of screen captures taken from the Twitch livestream of the EVE Online Alliance Tournament XI during the first day's matches.
The competition is currently taking place over three weekends in July/August. Check out All the EVE Alliance Tournament XI Viewing Resources You Need (Popcorn and Beer Not Included) for more details on how to watch.
64 teams of up to 12 pilots compete in 10 minute matches of explosion-filled internet spaceship mayhem, all streamed live on CCP's Twitch channel.
The format is a double-elimination knockout, meaning that two defeats will mean an exit from the competition. Today will see 16 teams eliminated.
Here are some highlights from yesterday...
1. As the match between The R0nin and CASabouts begins, gargous V of The R0nin fires up his Brutix Navy Issue battlecruiser to enter the fray.
2. Darkness of Despair pilot Howard Marcus unleashes a missile salvo from his Legion strategic cruiser as Hariberth's Proteus closes to brawl range on Mystic Rebel's repair drone-supported Sleipnir command ship.
3. Having eradicated Angeli Mortis' frigate and cruiser support, M.I.F Jaguar frigate pilot Antidot27 immobilises Debriy's Vulture battlecruiser with a webifier and a warp scrambler, whilst supporting Sabre inderdictors use energy destabilizers to drain vital capacitor from the stricken ship. All that remains is for the waiting trio of Sleipnir battlecruisers to deliver the killing blow.
4. Miyahon's Kronos marauder battleship opens fire on Malagar's incapacitated Scorpion Navy Issue in a race against time to destroy the entire Kill It With Fire team in a convincing victory by Ministry of Inappropriate Footwork.
5. In the opening minutes of the SOLAR FLEET versus HYDRA RELOADED clash, Kadesh Priestess' Vengeance assault frigate takes on Buch Rus' Abaddon battleship as both ships suffer the debilitating effects of assorted electronic warfare modules.
6. BlakPhoenix's Drake battlecruiser looks on as his Raven battleship piloting Darkspawn. team-mates fight desperately for survival against the End of Life assault led by General Vachot's Vindicator battleship.
7. In a high-speed opening minute of the match, Red vs Blue captain Mangala Solaris' Sleipnir command ship, along with two Cyclone battlecruisers, bears down on the Why So Seri0us Scimitar logistics cruiser piloted by Obifore.
8. Due to an accidental rules infringement, Mildly Sober missed the deadline to submit a proper team and ended up fielding an hilariously understrength squad comprising mostly non-combat industrial ships. This did not stop W-Space from eviscerating them with extreme prejudice.
9. In one of the most closely contested matches of the day, The Initiative.'s Armageddon and Bhaalgorn battleships close in on an enemy Armageddon as one of The Obsidian Front's Proteus strategic cruisers runs interference.
10. An Agony Empire Vindicator piloted by Eomar Duredain goes toe-to-toe with Joker Dronemaster's Dominix as Sadistica Alliance struggle against superior numbers. An Ishkur assault frigate provides support to the Vindicator.
11. A Ferox lines up another shot on Loredana Cameron's Megathron Navy Issue battleship as Pandemic Legion rampage through Synthetic Systems ships with little remorse.
12. Lt. SpacePig's Maller cruiser charges, lasers blazing, toward Azerath's under-fire Dominix battleship in the opening seconds of the match between The Kadeshi and Drunk 'n' Disorderly.
13. This shot from Choke Point's defeat at the hands of Exiled Ones sees CAPTAINDaDDIO's Ishkur assault frigate dogfighting with enemy Enyo and Merlin frigates as Vindicator battleships from both teams approach in the background.
For more detail on day one's events, check out our Day One Review or head to our resource page below for further information.
Hayward Discusses 'Honor Killings' In Canada
This weekend, a Canadian jury convicted three members of an Afghan immigrant family of killing four of their relatives. The deaths at first appeared to be accidental, but prosecutors argued it was a cold-blooded murder. Melissa Block speaks with reporter Justin Hayward of the CBC.
MELISSA BLOCK, HOST:
It's a case that has shocked the conscience of Canada. And it ended yesterday when a jury in Ontario found three members of an Afghan family guilty of murder. The deaths have been referred to as honor killings. Yesterday, the judge described them as murders motivated by a completely twisted sense of honor; heinous, despicable, cold-blooded and shameful.
Here are the basics of the case. In June of 2009, a woman and three teenage sisters were found dead in a car, submerged in a canal. Those now convicted of their murder are the girls' father, his second wife - who is the girls' mother - and their son.
For more on the case, I'm joined by CBC Radio reporter Justin Hayward. And, Justin, at first this was thought to be a case of accidental drowning. But then, investigators started looking at the family and hearing troubling stories about the three girls - ages 19, 17 and 13 - and their situation at home. What did they hear?
JUSTIN HAYWARD: Well, of the 58 witnesses that came and spoke to the court, a number of them were there to illustrate the situation of the young women at home. There were teachers from their school, officials from youth protection here in Quebec. And if you take all of their testimony together, it paints a picture of three young women who were normal, relatively rebellious North American teenagers who were bumping up against sort of these more traditional beliefs that they should be more tightly controlled.
And the teachers were telling stories of sometimes seeing bruising on them. So, you certainly got a picture of a very controlling family, traditional family atmosphere that was at odds with what the average North American teenager wants to have as freedoms.
BLOCK: And I gather there was also physical evidence that indicated that this car didn't just fall into the canal, but that another car may have pushed it into the canal.
HAYWARD: Yeah. Police put together evidence that there was damage on the family Lexus that matched damage on a recently bought Nissan Sentra, which was the car that was found in the canal. And the police's theory that they pieced together with the damage from those two cars was that the Lexus pushed the Sentra into the canal.
BLOCK: Investigators ultimately put a wiretap in the family's minivan and got what turned out to be some damning evidence. They heard the father, Mohammad Shafia, say this about his daughters: Would they come back to life 100 times, you should do the same thing again. May the devil defecate on their graves. This is what a daughter should be. Would a daughter be such a whore?
How did the defense try to explain or account for what the father said?
HAYWARD: Yeah. That was extremely shocking evidence. And I remember being in court when they were playing it, and you could hear people audibly gasp when those translated tapes were played in court. What the defense did is they brought in an expert in Afghan culture who said that Afghans, when they're upset or grieving, will swear a lot. And this kind of swearing is not to be taken literally. For example, that quote that you just said, may the devil defecate on their graves. He said that that's no stronger than a North American saying, to hell with them, and that the father, Mohammad Shafia, was just trying to make himself feel better by blowing off steam.
BLOCK: Justin, this story has generated a lot of coverage there in Canada. Talk a bit about how it's been received by the Canadian people and this whole notion of honor killings.
HAYWARD: Yeah. It's certainly an ongoing debate. I mean, our House of Commons is just sitting again today for the first time since around Christmas. And we're expecting that this will probably come up in the House, that something will be said. But there hasn't been a lot of public fora other than radio call-in shows and the like. And you can imagine how vitriolic some people can be about this sort of thing.
Certainly, there's also a debate where cooler heads are prevailing, where they're trying to say - for example, even outside the court yesterday, there was an imam and there was a young Afghan who's a student at a nearby university to where the trial was taking place who came that day because they knew the media would be there en masse and they wanted to make sure that everyone understood that it's not all Afghans, it's not all Muslims that are like this.
BLOCK: And is that the fear, that there will be a backlash toward the Afghan-Canadian, the Muslim-Canadian community because of this?
HAYWARD: We've spoken to a number of people about that, and that's absolutely what they're concerned about. So, they're already out in the streets, so to speak, trying to make sure that that doesn't happen.
BLOCK: I've been talking with CBC Radio reporter Justin Hayward. Justin, thank you very much.
HAYWARD: My pleasure.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
You're listening to ALL THINGS CONSIDERED from NPR News.
Copyright © 2012 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The East Bay Regional Park District voted Tuesday to close the Chabot Gun Club amid concerns that taxpayers will be stuck having to pay millions of dollars to clean up pollution from spent bullets.
The Oakland Tribune reported the unanimous vote came after more than five hours of comments in a room packed with nearly 500 people.
The club's owner will have 1 year to close down.
Neighbors and environmentalists have criticized the club as a toxic headache, while supporters say the range is a place to learn about gun safety and practice marksmanship.
Lead from bullets is leaching into groundwater and creeks that flow into Lake Chabot, which is supposed to provide a backup drinking-water supply for the East Bay Municipal Utility District. A Park district spokeswoman said no trace of lead has been found in the lake.
The news of Chabot's closure comes just four months after San Francisco's last gun shop was shuttered in the face of proposed city regulations.
Probably the most bizarre story of the year. Three vereadores (councilmen at the towns level) went to have an orgy with a judge who has a prostitute as a friend. The judge in the case had a relationship with one of these councilmen, and the other PAYED her friend. When the 4 are in the room, a third councilman arrives and begins kissing the councilman who had an affair with the judge and invites her to enter in the middle. She denies it and starts to get beaten by one of them who says that her name is Paloma. One of these councilmen is a former King Momo of the Piraí Carnival. King Momos are usually fat dudes, that are responsible for opening the carnaval celebration week at different towns of Brazil.
The Police of the Federal District wants to hear the three councilmen from Piraí, a municipality in the south of the state of Rio de Janeiro, who are suspected of involvement in the assault on an arbitrator during an orgy at a hotel in Brasilia on April 23. The councilors should be heard through a letter of notice – an instrument used by the sheriff to request that the police of another state hear the witnesses and the people involved in a crime -, which will be sent to the Rio Civil Police.
So far, Brasília police has heard the judge and her friend, who is a call girl, and accompanied her at the meeting with the city councilmen, as well as the receptionist from the hotel where the event took place.
The judge says that she and her friend were approached by two councilmen. The friend was hired by one of them and the judge was making out with the other councilor. According to the judge, the quartet went to the hotel where the three city councilmen were staying for an annual event of Councilors that happens in the capital of Brazil – this event is famous for being the week where the prostitutes in the capital make the most money. One of them and the girl went into the bathroom of the suite while the judge and the other councilman stayed in the room. She says that at one point the third councilman appeared and she waited for him to leave.
However, the two councilors began to kiss and take off their clothes, according to the judge, and they called her to participate in the orgy. The moment she refused, the assaults began. The victim says that one of the councilmen hit a slap in his ear, which caused a hemorrhage.
With the noise, the councilman and the call girl left the bathroom. When her friend saw what was happening, she dressed and ran. Soon after, the councilor who was staying with the judge left the premises, claiming that the climate for it was gone.
The victim says that the target of the councilman was her face, and that he even disfigured her face. The judge's arm has been broken and is currently suffering from fibrosis. At one point he threatened her with a knife, saying that he would drink her blood:
“As he beat me, he shouted that I was beautiful, that he was beautiful too, and that his name was Paloma, that I did not know him. It was a nightmare. He hit me a lot.”
She also says that, shortly after the event, the councilman's lawyer sought her out to keep her quiet. The judge, however, did not accept it.
I only emphasize that an arbitral judge is not the same as a judge of law, since, while the latter represents the State and was approved by means of a competition (and must guard its reputation), she only decided to have as its profession arbitration, which is a species Of extrajudicial solution of conflicts that has been growing in Brazil. But the story is just too good!
Hits: 2174
Reforming Drug Control: 2011 represents the 50th anniversary of the 1961 UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, which stands at the centre of the prohibitionist approach. Now is the perfect time to discuss how the UN Conventions can be amended to give signatory countries the freedom to experiment with policies best suited to their special needs
Three UN Drug Conventions (1961, 1971 and 1988) lock into place a rigid, prohibitionist system of drug control. The conventions' legislation has significantly constrained various countries' efforts to experiment with alternative methods of drug control, such as the decriminalisation of use and possession, to reduce the harms associated with drug use and provide better care for drug addicts using a medical rather than criminalising regime.
Whilst they constitute a major hurdle to reform, they are not insurmountable. UN Treaties are not ‘written in stone' and can be, and indeed often are, frequently redrafted. However, despite their lack of success the current Conventions have never been re-examined. Whilst countries often admit in private to the failings of the Conventions, the potential political costs (such as withdrawal of US aid) for an individual state that publicly criticises these treaties has created a taboo regarding reform discussion. This taboo must now be broken.
Drug Reform through New International Conventions
A team of drug policy analysts and international lawyers, led by Professor Robin Room, commissioned by the Beckley Foundation, have been examining possible alternatives to the present situation. These include various reforms or rewriting the current conventions. The team have developed three pragmatic options to consider approaches to amend the conventions.
The three alternatives attempt to preserve the rules and structure of the current treaties in terms of international cooperation and controls of the international market, BUT at the same time open up the options for national governments to implement new drug laws for their individual nation. A country's domestic drug law would therefore be the responsibility of that country alone.
Option 1 – A series of amendments to the current three UN Conventions which would preserve both the present treaties' controls on international trade and the prohibition of domestic markets, but explicitly state that the decision whether or not to criminalise non-commercial drug possession or use was for individual nations to determine.
Option 2 – A series of amendments, incorporating those in Option 1, but also stating that it is the nation's responsibility to determine whether or not to establish a regulated domestic market for non-medical use
Option 3 – Reduces the extent of international controls on the market and supply for substances covered by the 1961 Convention (opium, cannabis and the coca leaf) to the same level as the controls for substances covered by the 1971 convention (i.e. differentiating between substances according to their potential harm to public health and their therapeutic values).
Just imagining how an alternative drug control system could operate is a concrete and liberating advance from the present rigid, prohibitionist approach. The above three options open the important discussion over permitting individual countries greater decision-making power regarding the control of psychoactive substances trade and consumption within their territory.
From Spain to India to England, drug use in each country around the world varies. Some countries have more issues with harder drugs, others with softer drugs. For example whilst Switzerland has had major problems with heroin use, the same has not been the case for Brazil. To force them to both have the same laws makes no sense. Additionally, some countries regard certain drugs as holy and part of their indigenous culture; it is a universal human right to have their culture and religion respected, not forced upon them. The importance of allowing a country to determine what the most harmful drugs are in its' own particular territory is a major step towards more appropriate law.
Paths Forward for Countries Interested in Drug Reform
How could the draft conventions be implemented?
Three possibilities are available to countries, but politically impossible within the current context.
1) Amendment of the current international drug conventions
Procedures for amendment are specified in each drug convention. Cons: It is unlikely that sufficient international agreement between the signatory countries could be reached at present for substantive changes.
2) Denunciation of one or more conventions, or post-ratification reservation
After a period of notice, a country can withdraw from any of the conventions. A ‘late reservation' would be an alternative, where a country files a reservation to a treaty to which it has already signed up. Traditionally, reservations are made at the time of accession to a treaty, but ‘late reservations' are a regular feature of current treaty practice. Cons: The reservation would be disallowed if more than one-third of the signatory countries objected. This alternative would require a strong national commitment against international pressure, which remains unlikely.
3) Passing countermanding national legislation
In the US, established drug conventions and national law hold equal status. On the principle that the ‘last in time' (i.e. the last law signed changes all previous laws) applies, national legislation in the US can therefore invalidate a commitment in international law. Depending on their constitutional situation, this may also be possible in other countries. Cons: A strong national commitment to withstand immense international pressure would be required.
LUKAS PODOLSKI looks set to break the trend by rejecting a move to China to play in Japan.
The Galatasaray ace looked set to become the latest big name to join the Chinese Super League with Beijing Guoan plotting a huge offer.
Getty Images 3 Lukas Podolski could reject a move to China to play in Japan
But according to German publication Bild, Podolski looks set for a shock move to Japanese side Vissel Kobe.
Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog.
He would become the first member of the first-team from a European country which also includes two Brazilians and a goalkeeper from South Korea.
He would add to the small minority of world renowned footballers to play in the J1 League after Diego Forlan had a stint at Cerezo Osaka in 2014.
Action Images 3 Podolski is a fan favourite following from his time at Arsenal
It's believed Galatasaray are open to listening to offers in the January transfer window as they see it as an opportunity to cash in on the 31-year-old.
The former Arsenal star became a cult hero during his three year spell at the Emirates before moving to Turkey in 2015.
PA:Press Association 3 Diego Forlan also had a stint in Japan
Podolski began his career at his hometown club FC Koln in 2003 before securing a dream move to Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich in 2006.
Podolski, who helped Germany win the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, also played a part in Bayern's title winning season in 2008.
During his time in England he also lifted the FA Cup with Arsenal in 2014 whilst also registering 129 caps for Germany, scoring 48 goals.
Page Content The National Transportation Safety Board issued an investigative update, Wednesday, for the July 7 near miss at San Francisco International Airport . National Transportation Safety Board Air Canada flight 759, an Airbus A320, was cleared to land on runway 28R at San Francisco International Airport, but the airplane lined up on parallel taxiway C, which had four airplanes on it awaiting takeoff clearance. Air Canada flight 759 descended below 100 feet above the ground and initiated a go-around after overflying the first airplane on taxiway C. The following facts are included in the investigative update: The captain was the pilot flying ACA759, and the first officer was the pilot monitoring. Both pilots held Canadian airline transport pilot certificates.
Runway 28L was closed to accommodate construction; its approach and runway lights were turned off, and a 20.5-ft-wide lighted flashing X (runway closure marker) was placed at the threshold. Runway and approach lighting for runway 28R were on and set to default settings, which included a 2,400-foot approach lighting system, a precision approach path indicator, touchdown zone lights (white), runway centerline lights (white at the approach end), runway threshold lights (green), and runway edge lights (white at the approach end).
The incident pilots advanced the thrust levers when the airplane was about 85 feet above ground level. Flight data recorder data indicate the airplane was over the taxiway at this time. About 2.5 seconds after advancing the thrust levers, the minimum altitude recorded on the FDR was 59 feet above ground level.
Both pilots said, in post-incident interviews, they believed the lighted runway on their left was 28L and that they were lined up for 28R. They also stated that they did not recall seeing aircraft on taxiway C but that something did not look right to them. (The top portion of this NTSB graphic, created from Harris Symphony OpsVue radar track data analysis, depicts the positions of aircraft on an overhead view of the runways and taxiways at San Francisco International Airport. The text is from a transmission to air traffic control from a United Airlines airplane on the taxiway. The bottom photo, taken from San Francisco International Airport video, shows Air Canada Flight 759 passing over the United Airlines airplane.) Automatic Terminal Information Service Q was current and included an advisory that runway 28L was closed and that its approach lighting system was out of service.
Lights for taxiway C were also on and set to default settings that included centerline lights (green) along its length. Default settings also included edge lights (blue) and centerline lights (green) illuminating the transition or stub taxiways from the runway to the taxiway. This investigative update does not provide probable cause for the incident and does not contain analysis of information collected thus far in the NTSB's ongoing investigation. As such, no conclusions regarding the cause of the incident should be made from this preliminary information. https://go.usa.gov/xRPFk The full investigative update and other information about the incident are available online at: Page Image Image Caption Enter the YouTube ID of each video separated by a semi-colon (;). Example: "LV5_xj_yuhs; QgaTQ5-XfMM; VWW8DMpfI9U; BgAlQuqzl8o;"
This article is over 2 years old
Strong possibility that 4.5m-long object which landed in northern mining area was part of Chinese satellite
A large metal cylinder thought to be part of a Chinese rocket has crashed in a jade mining area in Myanmar.
State media published images of the 4.5m-long (15ft) drum resting in mud on property owned by a mining company in Hpakank, in the northern state of Kachin.
Chinese writing was found on a smaller piece of debris that fell through the roof of a nearby house at the same time. No one was hurt.
Residents reported hearing an explosion as the larger barrel-shaped piece crashed to earth then bounced 50 metres across the mine's compound before coming to rest in a waterlogged area.
“Every local thought it was the explosion of heavy artillery,” Ko Maung Myo told the Myanmar Times.
The Myanmar Times (@TheMyanmarTimes) Unidentified piece of an aircraft, believed to be an engine, falls near Hpakant jade mine | #Myanmar https://t.co/W2im1NOCdh pic.twitter.com/NFRCJiAYM5
“I think it was an engine because I found a diode and many copper wires at the tail of the body,” he said.
The state-run newspaper Global New Light said: “The metal objects are assumed to be part of a satellite or the engine parts of a plane or missile,” adding that authorities were still trying to confirm their origin.
China: the new space superpower Read more
On Wednesday, a Chinese rocket carrying an experimental satellite took off from the Jiuquan satellite launch centre, 1,000 miles (1,600km) from Hpakank. There has been no confirmation from Beijing that the debris in Myanmar is part of a Chinese satellite.
Pictures on social media showed what appeared to be pieces of technological equipment and wiring attached to the inside of the debris.
FreeKachin (@FreeKachin) Nov 10, 5pm, attached object fell off of the sky at Tin Aung Kyaing mining lot in Hpakant Jade tract. pic.twitter.com/mdMr2fq5rD
Clemens Rumpf, a space debris researcher at Southampton University, said it was “entirely plausible” that the object was part of the Long March 11 Chinese rocket that launched on Wednesday.
“Myanmar is directly to the south of the launch site and this would put the country directly under the launch trajectory for that rocket. It is entirely plausible that the first or second stage of the rocket could have come down there,” he said. “In general, the first stage of any rocket does not make it to orbit and thus falls down somewhere downrange from the launch site.”
The body of an RCAF member, missing for almost a week after being caught in an avalanche, has been located in Banff National Park, his mother tells CBC News.
The family of Sgt. Mark Salesse, 44, a native of Bathurst, N.B., were told Wednesday night that his body had been found buried beneath 2.7 metres of snow.
"The door bell rang, and the three military people were there and I thought, 'oh my god they found him, they found him,'" said Liz Quinn, Salesse's mother from her home in Moncton, N.B.
"Although we were desperately hoping and grasping at straws that we may have a glimmer of hope left, we were relieved that he was found now and not in the spring."
Liz Quinn says her son was a dedicated professional and a giant among men, but was just Mark when he came home. (Submitted by Liz Quinn)
The Royal Canadian Air Force search and rescue technician was taking part in a military training exercise with three other members of the 435 Transport and Rescue Squadron in an ice climbing area in Banff National Park known as the Polar Circus.
According to the RCMP, Parks Canada visitor safety specialists located Salesse's body around 1:30 p.m. MT on Wednesday,
Military to hold inquiry
On Thursday, officials with 17 Wing said there will be an inquiry into Salesse's death, which is standard procedure in such cases.
Commander Col. Joël Roy said the inquiry could look at numerous factors, such as the level of training that members had, the equipment used, and the conditions in the area where the exercise took place.
"We will examine all facets of the events with the objective of determining what happened and how to prevent it from happening again," he told reporters.
Roy said the inquiry could take as long as six months.
Recovery mission
Salesse was on a descent with his partner when a small avalanche was triggered and he was swept 60 metres over a cliff.
The rest of the squad were not injured.
Rescue efforts were hampered by unfavourable weather, heavy snowfall and a high avalanche risk. On Saturday, the rescue mission was declared a recovery operation.
Quinn said she has requested photos and as much information as possible from Parks Canada to help give her closure.
"I need to know," she said. "I wanted to try to figure out, to make logic out of this. What happened? Why couldn't he get out?"
Quinn said she doesn't think her son suffered.
"As much as he was dedicated and he was a professional and he was a giant among men, when Mark came home, he was just Mark," Quinn said.
"He was a Canadian boy who grew up and had a dream and followed it."
He leaves behind his mother, stepfather Robert Brady and his father, Maurice Salesse.
Harper issues statement
Prime Minister Stephen Harper issued the following statement about Salesse's death:
"I was deeply saddened today to receive confirmation of the tragic death of Sgt. Mark Salesse, following an avalanche which occurred during a search and rescue training exercise in Banff National Park.
"On behalf of all Canadians, Laureen and I extend our heartfelt condolences to Sgt. Salesse's family, friends and colleagues. Our thoughts and prayers are with them during this most difficult time.
"The Canadian Armed Forces' search and rescue technicians are some of the best trained in the world, providing on-the-scene medical aid and evacuation in some of the most hostile environments.
"This accident is a stark reminder of the very real dangers that our brave men and women in uniform face daily to defend our country and keep Canadians safe.
"Sgt. Salesse's service and dedication to Canada will be remembered and honoured."
I was writing this book in my head for years. Since sometime in the late 1980s when I was standing outside O'Donoghue's pub on Merrion Row, smoking a cigarette and drinking a pint one summer Sunday afternoon. A middle-aged couple – well dressed, tanned, so obviously foreign – asked me for directions. We got talking and when I asked where else they were going they replied Co Clare. Then I heard myself saying something that I did not believe, but was saying it anyway, because that's what I had heard other people say. “Ah, that's the real Ireland.”
That brief conversation troubled me and raised a number of issues that I was not easily able to resolve. Why had I trotted out a comment that I had heard so often repeated, but which I did not believe? And what role did Dublin play in Irish life anyway? And then I realised that if the tourists had asked me what I believed was so great about Dublin I would have been hard pressed to give them a satisfactory answer.
For years these and other questions about Ireland's capital simmered away in my thoughts while I lived, studied, worked and socialised in the city.
It was not until 2005 when Dublin was experiencing its latest reinvention during the Celtic Tiger as a vibrant, prosperous and dynamic European city that I made the conscious decision to write a book on what I thought to be the city's most interesting, and mostly ignored, part of its history, the period since independence.
You will note that there is an 11-year gap between decision and completion. The main reason for the delay was that I could not write the book until I had decided on its structure.
Dublin Since 1922 could have been written in an academic style, divided into chapters, subject by subject. However, that would certainly have limited the readership, missed out on the interconnectedness of the stories and also not accommodated what was becoming in my mind a key point of the book, how the city evolved and reinvented itself era by era.
Then around four years ago I found myself thinking of how one's life is shaped by certain key days and moments. The day you get married, the days your children are born, when you start a new job, are diagnosed with a serious illness, the moment you hear a piece of music that moves you for the first time, or when a close friend or relation dies, or when a relationship breaks up, or when you win an important match, appreciate a sunset as if for the first time or read a book that changes your life. These are pockets of time that change us, that mould us. As the book on Dublin was never far from my mind I started to think of the days that did the same to the city of Dublin. The story grew from there.
In the end I included over 300 such instances, moments, days in Dublin Since 1922. Some were obvious such as the day Michael Collins going to Dublin Castle to meet the Lord Lieutenant and take over the reins of power, the day the Pope arrived in Ireland, the first publication of Patrick Kavanagh's poem On Raglan Road, the running of the last tram from the city centre, the introduction of the first double decker bus, the first telephone box being erected, the first letter box painted green after independence, the introduction of clamping, the opening of Spike Island to help deal with the joyriding epidemic in the city in the 1980s, and so on.
Told in the present tense to give an immediacy and eye-witness feel to the narrative they may appear at first glance to be a series of independent entries, random dates and facts. However, thought it can be easily dipped into there is a definite narrative to the book.
A number of themes run through Dublin Since 1922. Planning is a key part of the book and among the entries are Abercrombie's ambitious vision to transform Dublin in the same way that Hausmann transformed Paris, the much more basic Sketch plan of 1940 that led to the development of the working class areas of Finglas, Coolock and Ballyfermot, the Myles Wright Report of 1967 that gave us Tallaght, Lucan, Clondalkin as well the M50, the East Link and the Port Tunnel and the incentive schemes of the 1980s that led to the regeneration of the city centre that we take so much for granted today.
There is crime ranging from unsavoury murders to bicycle thefts to illegal abortions, from the emergence of a serious Juvenile Delinquent problem in the 1950s to the joyriding epidemic of the 1980s.
There are the changes of architecture including the first modernist houses in the 1930s, the opening Busarus in 1953 - a building I hated before writing the book, but have since come to love - the brutalist office buildings of the 1960s and 1970s and the significance of the new Croke Park stadium.
With a city as culturally important as Dublin there is of course theatre, literature and music. There is from Samuel Beckett's Murphy, Flann O'Brien's At Swim Two Birds, Roddy Doyle's Commitments, Paul Howard's Ross O'Carroll Kelly and Maeve Binchy. There is Sean O'Casey, Maura Laverty's Dublin play Tolka Row that was seen by 100,000 Dubliners in 1951, there is Brendan Behan's The Quare Fellow. There is ‘Biddy Mulligan, the Pride of the Coombe', ‘Rat Trap' by the Boomtown Rats, there is Luke Kelly and Sinead O'Connor
And then there are the events in the city. There is the St Patrick's Day parade and its evolution from a military parade celebrating the existence of the state, then to an industrial parade that promoted Irish jobs and from the late 1990s a vibrant cultural expression of modern Ireland. There is the Pope's visit in 1979, the Eucharistic Congress that very much planted the Church centre stage in Irish life - shortly after the congress the Communist Party headquarters was ransacked and the Carrigan report into sexual activity and vice in the city was suppressed because it would give a poor representation of the city and the country, the collapse of slum buildings causing the deaths of five people in 1963 and the erection of the Spire on O'Connell Street.
An essential part of any city's story is how people get from A to B. There are the trams, the introduction and expansion of the bus network to meet a sprawling suburban landscape, the Dart, the Luas but a constant refrain are the problems associated with the car – in many ways the problems of 1920s are the same as those of today.
And interspersed are quotes about the city that go some way towards capturing its essence. Among these are pen picture descriptions by Patrick Kavanagh of life in Dublin in the 1940s, a 1984 issue of In Dublin magazine that listed 200 reasons for people not to leave at a time of severe economic recession and Francis Bacon likening the smell of Dublin to that of a beautiful woman. These are entries that would never have found their way into an academic book but in a sense they define the city as much as any planning report, perhaps even better.
Finally there are over 200 illustrations. Many of these have rarely, and sometimes never, been previously published. There is a Luftwaffe aerial intelligence photograph of the South Circular Road during the second World War, a beautiful image of a mother with two children in St Stephen's Green – you can almost smell the autumn leaves, the first female gardaí on duty in the city, the poster stall on the railings of the Bank of Ireland on College Green in the 1980s where people of my vintage found material for their bedroom walls and Dustin the Turkey – a real Dub as he is wont to describe himself – representing Ireland in the 2008 Eurovision (unbelievably, we actually thought he would win!).
What emerges as the years go past is a city that reinvented itself a number of times and yet managed to retain its essential characteristics and traits over the decades. It is also a city that becomes increasingly important in terms of bringing new ideas to Ireland – architecture, fashion, music, women's liberation. And finally, to go back to that conversation outside O'Donoghue's pub in the 1980s, the story of Dublin since 1922 becomes ever more central to the wider Irish experience. And, ultimately, the story of Dublin becomes one that is not just of the city, but also of the country as a whole.
Dublin Since 1922 by Tim Carey is published by Hachette Ireland
Nearly 26 million Americans are either unemployed, underemployed, or have given up looking for a job. In this article, I want to put their story into pictures.
This chart, from the finance blog Calculated Risk, has been described as "the scariest unemployment chart you'll ever see":
Between the end of World War II and the late 1990s, every recession saw employment return to pre-recession levels fairly quickly -- typically in less than two years. And the deeper the drop in employment, the more rapid the recovery.
That trend ended in 2001, when employment took nearly four years to return to normal. That was by far the slowest post-war recovery, but the depth of the decline was never that severe -- unemployment peaked in 2003 at a little over 6%.
Today's recession is like nothing we've seen since the Great Depression. The depth of the decline has been horrendous, and it's going to take an unprecedented amount of time before we're back to par. If the economy adds 200,000 jobs a month going forward (about double what we are now), it would be 2019 before we return to normal levels of employment. Adding 400,000 a month, the economy wouldn't reach pre-recession levels until 2014, or seven years after the recession began.
Another post-war record this recession has broken is the average duration of unemployment, now 40 weeks:
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The last time the average duration of unemployment was anything close to this was the 1930s. Consider this quote from the book Since Yesterday, describing life during the Great Depression:
Men who have been sturdy and self-respecting workers can take unemployment without flinching for a few weeks, a few months, even if they have to see their families suffer; but it is different after a year ... two years ... three years ... Among the miserable creatures curled up on park benches or standing in dreary lines before the soup kitchens in 1932 were men who had been jobless since the end of 1929.
Today, 4.1 million people have been out of work for over a year; half of those have been unemployed for over two years.
Of course, unemployment isn't even across all groups. One of the biggest distinguishing factors is education:
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The breakdown is even more skewed when broken out by age. Those aged 20-24 without a high school diploma have an unemployment rate of over 20%. For those aged 34-44 with a college degree, it's just 3.4%. It skews even more when split by race and gender, but you get the point -- there's no one-size-fits-all unemployment rate.
Interestingly, for those who are unemployed, the odds of getting stuck in long-term unemployment (over one year) are about the same regardless of education:
Source: Pew Trusts.
This shows two things. One, the economy is slow just about everywhere you look. Two, this recession hasn't just been a slowing of the economy, but a complete restructuring of entire industries. Once high-flying fields that required an education -- real estate development, or construction management, for example -- are shells of their former selves. That's put even educated unemployed people on a similar track as those without a degree: willing and able to work, but only in yesterday's economy.
Yet, surprising to many, not a lot of people are losing their jobs today. Employers shed so much of their workforce during the depth of the recession that there isn't a lot of fat left to cut. Layoffs and discharges are now the lowest they've been in over 10 years:
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics.
There is still one group, however, that's laying workers off with force: governments. Since early 2010, the private sector has created nearly 3 million jobs, while governments have cut over 600,000:
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics. *In thousands.
This last one I think is the most important chart explaining our employment mess:
Source: Federal Reserve.
Since 1959, wages as a percentage of GDP have fallen from 51% to 44%. That shift is huge. If wages as a percentage of GDP were at the same level today as in 1959, workers would earn over $1 trillion a year more than they current do. A lot of that money has instead found its way into corporate profits, which have increased from 6% of GDP in 1959 to almost 10% today.
This causes all kinds of angst and protest, but I don't think there's anything inherently wrong with it. The change is not driven by corporate greed; it's driven by technology, and how the market values labor versus capital. My favorite example is a steel mill in Gary, Ind. In 1950, it produced 6 million tons of steel with 30,000 workers. Today, it produces 7.5 million tons with 5,000 workers. Automation and technology increased profits at the expense of labor. Here's how Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee put it in their book Race Against the Machine:
At least since the followers of Ned Ludd smashed mechanized looms in 1811, workers have worried about automation destroying jobs. Economists have reassured them that new jobs would be created even as old ones were eliminated. For over 200 years, the economists were right. Despite massive automation of millions of jobs, more Americans had jobs at the end of each decade up through the end of the 20th century. However, this empirical fact conceals a dirty secret. There is no economic law that says that everyone, or even most people, automatically benefit from technological progress.
They continue:
Even as overall wealth increases, there can be, and usually will be, winners and losers. And the losers are not necessarily some small segment of the labor force like buggy whip manufacturers. In principle, they can be a majority or even 90% or more of the population.
The problem today is that education isn't keeping up with changes in technology -- that's the race against the machine. With it comes a winner-take-all environment and all kinds of inequalities, not the least of which is the reality that the real winners of today's economy are those who can invest, not those who can work. That gap will eventually rebalance, but getting there is slow, painful, and can potentially leave a generation of workers behind.
Interested in more like this? I've just published a collection of short essays exploring the peculiar corners of the economy -- from rich people risking it all to gain money they don't need, to what investors should have learned after 9/11. Click here to download it on your Kindle or iPad. It's the best $1 you'll spend all year.
Check back every Tuesday and Friday for Morgan Housel's columns on finance and economics.
Chelsea FC boss Jose Mourinho finally snapped after another disappointing Premier League loss, this time to Leicester City.
Speaking in his obligatory post-match press commitments, Mourinho laid bare his frustration with his underperforming Chelsea squad in his most blunt outburst yet.
I feel my work is betrayed. I worked four days in training for this match. I identified four movements where Leicester scores a lot of their goals and in two of the four situations I identified they scored their goals…I don't think in this moment they can feel they are top players or they can feel they are superstars. – via The Guardian
Throughout this disastrous campaign, the Chelsea fans have stood firmly behind the Special One, believing that the poor results have been down to the players on the pitch rather than these tactics.
While Monday's result (which leaves the Blues just one point above the relegation zone) has turned a selection of fans against the boss, many still back Mourinho as manager of this club.
His comments are evidently the culmination of weeks, or even months, of frustration. Week after week the superstars of Chelsea FC have trotted out only to be humbled by supposedly inferior opposition. Has this happened due to bad luck? No. The Blues have lost repeatedly because the other side have simply put more heart and effort into their displays.
Opposing teams have squared off with Chelsea eager to do themselves and their club's supporters proud. Meanwhile, the reigning champions look like they just don't care. This may not be entirely true, but it is certainly the impression than the majority of Blues supporters have received.
Mourinho, to his credit, has tried to be as diplomatic as possible. There have, of course, been occasions on which he has singled out the odd player (Eden Hazard and Diego Costa, for example) but for the most part the Portuguese tactician has blamed himself as much as his squad.
The Leicester result, though, has proven to be the tip of the iceberg.
This side is largely unchanged from the one that dominated the Premier League last season. Yes, there were flaws and weaknesses that may have prevented a genuine title challenge in this campaign but there is no fathomable situation in which Chelsea should be 16th.
If this team were putting in the required effort, they would easily be in the top half even without a manager in charge.
Now, there are multiple cases that justify sacking Mourinho, such as the need for a new regime simply to shake things up, but there are some arguments that are invalid.
The idea that Mourinho has failed to provide inspiration when the players have needed it most is nonsense. The Chelsea fans, in general, have been absolutely outstanding this season. Even as each additional loss has been racked up, the supporters have continued to pack out Stamford Bridge and fill out their away ticket allocations.
Moreover, they have incessantly (and naively, some would say) cheered on the club that they love most throughout this nightmare.
If the players can't find inspiration in that, then they have no right to pull on a blue shirt, or any football shirt, whatsoever.
There is no point in naming each individual who has larked around the pitch because the list would be endless. It has been frankly abominable and an insult to anyone who has directed a portion of their hard-earned clash to these players' pockets.
With Mourinho admitting that any chances of finishing in the top four are now over, you may think that the club have nothing to play for in the Premier League.
But you would be wrong. These individuals who are lucky enough to be paid bucket-loads to kick a damn ball around a field have to restore some pride. They have let down the club and more importantly the fans.
And without the fans, they are nothing.
GOVERNMENT Ministers have hit out at former European Central Bank chief Jean Claude Trichet, who says he will not appear at the planned banking inquiry.
GOVERNMENT Ministers have hit out at former European Central Bank chief Jean Claude Trichet, who says he will not appear at the planned banking inquiry.
Social Protection Minister Joan Burton and Transport Minister Leo Varadkar have called on Mr Trichet to make himself available, with Mr Varadkar describing the former ECB president's refusal to attend "disrespectful".
Mr Trichet strongly opposed the burning of Anglo Irish Bank bondholders during his term, and has again said ECB rules mean he does not have to answer to national parliaments.
Mr Trichet says it would be more appropriate for the Irish Governor of the Central Bank, Patrick Honohan, to represent the ECB at any inquiry.
ACCOUNTABLE
Ms Burton said the ECB may be independent, but it's not "unaccountable".
"I don't think he can say that just because he is retired he can't come before an independent inquiry of the National Parliament. The ECB is indep- endent but that does not mean it is not accountable," she said.
Mr Varadkar says it is "disrespectful" of Trichet not to appear in front of the national parliament.
"I think it is disrespectful to our national parliament, for a former head of the ECB, someone whose salaries was paid by European taxpayers to refuse to attend a parliamentary inquiry, and I think he should do that," he added.
Mr Trichet was the ECB president during Ireland's banking collapse and said he was against burning Anglo Bank bondholders. In an interview with Newstalk, Mr Trichet said the 2008 bank guarantee was a decision taken "without consultation" by the Irish Government and he was "told afterwards". Mr Trichet said his absence from the banking inquiry is down to the ECB's rules.
"If the rule was changed, I would apply the new rule," he said. "All decisions are taken collectively by all members of the governing council and the responsibility of explaining decisions are in the hands of the governments."
Mr Trichet previously took issue with the strong criticism of the ECB from within Ireland, insisting it was given "fantastic" support by his bank. He also says Ireland was not singled out for punishment, as often suggested in political discourse.
"Ireland was by very, very far the country benefiting the most from a considerable amount of liquidity from the euro system," he said.
Irish Independent
The 41st Super Sentai series is moving closer and closer to release, and now some new magazine scans have given us even more details into the world of Uchu Sentai KyuRanger!
*Starting off, we get to meet this year's villain group- the Space Shogunate Jark Matter! Led by the Shogun Don Armage this group travels across the universe stealing a valuable energy called Planesium from worlds they conquer.
*Jark Matter soldiers are called Indavers while the more elite troops are known as Daikarn. They are responsible for controlling the conquered worlds, so they will face the KyuRangers directly.
*A Rebellion against the Space Shogunate is led by Commander Xiao Lonpo from his flagship, The Orion. He recruits the KyuRangers to fight & travels with them to free the world's under Jark Matter control.
*Next, we have a closer look at the KyuRangers' arsenal! By using the Seiza Blaster and their KyuTama the heroes will STAR CHANGE! into KyuRangers.
*Each Ranger is armed with a Kyu TheWeapon, which takes a unique configuration for each KyuRanger.
*Last but certainly not least we get to see the powerful Mecha KyuRen-Oh! Formed by the KyuRangers' special Voyager machines, KyuRen-Oh differs from previous Mecha because it lacks a primary configuration. While Shishi Voyager remains the central piece of any combination, any Voyager can become an arm or leg for KyuRen-Oh!
Uchu Sentai KyuRanger begins on February 12, 2017! Stay tuned to TokuNation as we keep you up to date on all details for this exciting new series!
Emre Can eager to improve upon goal and assist tallies
Fresh from a maiden strike for Germany, Emre Can is eager to secure an improved goal return at club level this season, but has explained how an occasional change in responsibilities means he is equally happy to play provider for his teammates.
The German has scored 10 goals in 138 appearances for Liverpool since his move from Bayer Leverkusen in July 2014, two of which he netted against Hoffenheim at Anfield earlier this season.
Nevertheless, it's a tally he is keen to add to – although he's just as satisfied when laying on assists for the Reds' forward players, as he did for Mohamed Salah's strike against Burnley last month.
Can, who scored his maiden goal for his country with a stunning long-range drive against Azerbaijan on Sunday night, told LFC Magazine: “I turn 24 in January and I'm very proud to have already made so many appearances for Liverpool. At times this season I've been dropping deeper but there have still been chances for me to get forward to support the attack and even score.
“I was a little deeper in the recent home game with Burnley, a more disciplined role that means I can't always go forward and be around the opponents' box. Instead I help to build moves from the back, build the game with the centre-backs and have more touches. But when you've got players like Mo Salah and Sadio Mane in front of you, it's great because they are quick and like to go behind the line and you can play the ball and it's not that difficult for them.
“Mo's always making great runs behind the last line and against Burnley I saw an opportunity to play the ball at the right time. It's all about timing. But of course it was not easy after the pass and Mo did brilliantly to score.
“Earlier, against Hoffenheim in the Champions League I scored twice and the second was a great team goal. The ball was played deep to Firmino, who let it drop to Gini, who played a long ball to Sadio, who touched the ball twice then back-heeled to Roberto, who hit a perfect cross, and I just had to be there and score. It was a fantastic team goal and I hope we'll see that kind of goal more often from us this season.
“Against Sevilla at Anfield it was tougher but again we played very well and scored another great goal with the equaliser. It's different when you play against teams from other countries; some are more technical, some more physical, some tackle more – all different and all making it very exciting to watch.
“With Liverpool I think I've got about 10 goals in total so far. Sometimes I think I could score more. Whether it's running with the ball and finishing or shooting from long distance, I always try to find the opportunity but it isn't always easy.”
Confirmed: Ireland will play four warm up games before next year's Rugby World Cup
What a way to whet our rugby appetite before the big tournament…
Ireland will now face Six Nations rivals Wales, Scotland and England before the 2015 Rugby World Cup in England next year.
Following a hugely successful season in 2014 at international level, hopes are high heading into 2015 and there is a belief that we can finally buck the trend and make a World Cup semi-final... at least.
Ireland will play Wales in the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff on August 8, before playing Scotland in the Aviva Stadium the week after.
After a week off, it will be full throttle as we take on Wales in Dublin and England in Twickenham in successive weekends.
Tickets for the games as well as kick-off times will be released early next year but, for now, the current fixtures are below…
Wales v Ireland
Millennium Stadium
Saturday 8th August, 2015
Ireland v Scotland
Aviva Stadium
Saturday 15th August, 2015
Ireland v Wales
Aviva Stadium
Saturday 29th August, 2015
England v Ireland
Twickenham Stadium
Saturday 5th September, 2015
Sanders, Arizona - Phoenix Activists replace patriotsquestion911.com sign with http://www.ae911truth.org sign. The old sign has been viewed by an estimated 7 Million travelers in the past year. The tireless activists put up a new sign to open minds at Architect and Engineers founded by Architect Richard Gage.
As of this date 10/27/2010 ae911truth.org has 1346 verified architectural and engineering professionals and 10097 other supporters, including AE students, have signed the petition demanding a truly independent investigation of Congress.
The activists know once individuals are exposed to the evidence surrounding 9/11 they are sure to understand that the governments story that airliners flying into the buildings and the resulting fires could not have brought down the buildings down at near the rate of free fall. WTC Building 7 coming down at the rate of free fall. Building 7 collapse which was not even mentioned in the 9/11 commission (omission) report.
The Thermite that was found in the dust surrounding ground zero New York. The expedited destruction of evidence from a crime scene orchestrated by former prosecutor and Mayor of New York City,Rudy Giuliani. Also the incredible facts that no Military aircraft could have breached the PROHIBITED fly zone known as P56 surrounding Washington D.C. and the Pentagon.
There were several "Firsts" occurring on September 11, 2001 which this writer suggests a new category in the Guinness book of world records. First time in American civil aviation since creation of NTSB:
no plane reconstruction or black boxes were found from any of the 4 planes involved in the attack on 9/11.
Civil planes were allowed to fly hundreds of miles off course over United States airspace without a military interdiction.
First time in History, plane crashes and there is no evidence of luggage strewn over crash site.
First time in History, a where a cell phone made a call on an in-flight airline
First Time in History, steel framed building fell down due to fire and not explosives.
First Time in History, building collapse caused building to be pulverized into dust without the use of explosives
First Time in History buildings came down at the rate of free fall without the use of explosives.
First Time in History jet fuel fire got hot enough to melt steel and create Iron Meteorite.
First Time in History 3 buildings fell down symmetrically into their own footprint without the use of explosives.
First time in History, 757 is flown 12 feet of the ground at 500 miles per hour, prior to a 270 degree spiraling dive which was beyond design limits of the aircraft. This maneuver was performed flawlessly by someone incapable of landing a single engine plane.
First time in History most protected airspace in the world, P-56, is violated and no photos or video evidence exists of aircraft.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Buckingham Palace suffers from the highest level of air pollution in the country with almost four times the European legal limit, according to the latest figures.
Grosvenor Place, which runs alongside the Queen's London residence, had the highest level of the toxic gas nitrogen dioxide in 2012.
Researchers found 152 milligrams of the gas per cubic metre of air, with a main contributor being diesel engine fumes. The EU legal limit is 40.
Figures released by DEFRA following freedom of information request reveal all 50 of Britain's pollution blackspots are in the capital.
Other highly polluted areas include Oxford Street near Marble Arch, which registered at 150 micrograms, and Cockspur Street near Trafalgar Square on 138 micrograms.
The fourth and fifth locations were Park Lane and Knightsbridge - which measured 135 and 134 micrograms respectively.
Roads near other top London tourist attractions such as Madam Tussauds, Hamleys Toy Shop and Covent Garden also featured on the list of 50 worst offenders.
The gas can lead to respiratory disease and can cause the lining of the lungs to become inflamed.
The government is the subject of legal action after failing to deal with the high level of the toxic gas in the country's cities.
Simon Birkett, Founder and Director of Clean Air in London, said: “These levels of nitrogen dioxide (NO2) are nothing short of staggering.
“The thought that hundreds of thousands or millions of tourists and Londoners in a year may be exposed to air pollution this high is deeply troubling.”
The UK faces fines of up to £300m from the European commission for failing to reduce high levels of NO2 air pollution from traffic.
A spokesman for Boris Johnson said said: “Since the Mayor was elected, NO2 emissions have reduced by 20 per cent and the number of people living in areas exceeding NO2 limits has halved but he fully recognises the need to take further action.
“This includes the introduction of the world's first Ultra-Low Emission Zone in central London from 2020, tougher requirements for taxis from 2018 and a £20million fund to tackle local problem areas.
“These most ambitious measures will deliver enormous economic and environmental benefits for central London and will make this global city an even better place to live, work and visit.”
(Newser) – A grizzly bear is believed to have killed a hiker near Yellowstone National Park just hours after researchers trapped and tranquilized the animal. Officials tracked the bear using a signal from a radio collar that had been placed around its neck, shooting it today from a helicopter. It died about 2 miles from where the body of Erwin Frank Evert was found on Thursday, reports the AP.
His wife set out looking for the 70-year-old when he didn't return from a noontime hike; she met one of the bear researchers, and the two went back to the spot where the huge adult male had been left to wake up after it was tranquilized—Evert's body was there. Scientists plan to use DNA testing to confirm that the downed bear was the one who attacked Evert. In 1983, a grizzly bear that had been drugged 12 times killed a camper near Yellowstone, causing some to speculate that bears that have been tranquilized may turn aggressive. (Read more grizzly bear stories.)
About
If you have questions about shipping to your particular location send me a note and I'll do my best to answer your questions.
I have included a $10 subsidy with each pledge to help reduce the cost of getting the game to you. We will also be shipping with depots in several regions to avoid shipping duties and taxes.
It is also important to mention the other people behind the scenes that will make Quodd Heroes a reality for all of its backers. We're partnering with Panda Games Manufacturing to make sure that Quodd Heroes is as amazing as it can be and their work speaks for itself!
Take on the role of an astounding cube-shaped character that moves by tumbling and has a different skill assigned to each face of its cube-shaped body. Then, mix in incredible ability upgrades, a fantastic array of power-ups, devices, pets and ancient powerful runes. Finally, choose one of the many different scenarios to setup your adventure and you're ready for action and mayhem in the beautiful, dangerous, and unpredictable world of Quoddria!
Risks and challenges
This is a project that I'm very passionate about!
In order for my passion and dedication to pay off, great gameplay, production value and the best components possible are the only acceptable outcomes for Quodd Heroes. With this in mind and my desire for this game to stand out in a sea of so many other games, I have chosen to work with Panda GM. When it comes to game manufacturing Panda has reputation second to none.
This is my first Kickstarter project as a creator; however, I bring almost two decades of experience working on, managing and delivering complex creative projects like this one. My objective is for this to be the first of many game projects for Wonderment Game, so it's critical for me to earn your faith and trust. How do I do that? With clear and honest communication throughout the campaign right up to the happy moment when Quodd Heroes arrives at your door.
As a more than frequent backer of board game projects on Kickstarter, I know the kinds of issues that can arise during production and fulfillment. Delays are often an unpredictable and inevitable part of the process, but by choosing to work with reputable partners for manufacturing and fulfillment I aim to avoid any such issues. How have I set up for success? The majority of the game is already print-ready and the 3D character models for the core box are completely finished. When stretch goals are met, I've already scheduled my plan to account for additional design, art and 3D modelling required for manufacturing.
With your help and support we can make this project a great success! Thank you!
The drive-by was aimed at Tim Hudak in London, but one analyst says it was voters who took the bullet.
The Liberals trained their guns on the Progressive Conservative leader Thursday, their ammo comments by his London West candidate who said in a debate no government creates one million jobs.
Jeff Bennett's blurb was surgically put on YouTube, 17 seconds in all from a 100-minute debate in the riding.
Suddenly, the veteran financial planner found himself in the cross-fire of the other parties who've aggressively attacked Hudak's centrepiece campaign vow that a Tory government's policies would lead to one million new jobs over eight years.
“London West PC candidate Jeff Bennett publicly denounced Tim Hudak's bogus ‘million' jobs scheme,” the Liberals said in a news release.
But it's clear from Bennett's full reply he did no such thing, said political scientist Nelson Wiseman at the University of Toronto, who reviewed a longer version of the video for The Free Press.
“This is Liberal propaganda,” he said. “I don't think people are that stupid (to believe it).”
Such tactics are the kind of thing that eventually turn off voters, Wiseman said.
“These guys are just throwing mud at each other,” he said, adding “that all feeds a cynicism and detachment.”
The dissection of the drive-by came after an NDP supporter posted Bennett's clip on YouTube.
But even the NDP's London West candidate says the Liberals twisted what Bennett said at Wednesday's riding debate.
“He didn't denounce Hudak,” said Peggy Sattler, who picked off the seat from the Liberals in a byelection last year. “We've had a very civil exchange. No one is lobbing pot shots at each other in London West.”
Both the NDP and Liberals were linking to the video to go after Hudak's central pledge — to make tough changes, including cuts to the public sector and to corporate tax rates, that he says will lead to one million jobs.
In the YouTube clip, Bennett says, “I'm a little disappointed because all the talk is around the Millions Jobs plan and I'm getting some push back on it at the doors and I personally don't even believe that Mr. Hudak is in a position to create a million jobs. I don't believe the government creates jobs.”
Problem is, the Liberal media release cut short Bennett's explanation.
In a video of his full statement the NDP provided to The Free Press, Bennett doesn't challenge Hudak's plan — he explains the Tories would reduce barriers so the private sector creates jobs.
“We need to create a better atmosphere for job creation and that's what our job plan is all about . . . (The Liberal government is) making it difficult for job creators in Ontario to expand . . . We need to change that, bringing electricity rates down, cutting the bureaucracy and lowering taxes,” he said.?
ANATOMY OF THE HIT
The bullet: 16 seconds from London West Tory candidate Jeff Bennett's remarks at 100-minute riding debate.
The means: YouTube, to which the video clip was posted by an NDP supporter.
The motive: To shoot at PC Leader Tim Hudak's key election vow, his Million Jobs plan.
The smoking gun: A Liberal news release saying Bennett had denounced the “bogus” plan.
The reality: Fuller video shows that's not the case.
The reaction: “It wouldn't be the first time they played fast and loose with the truth,” said Stewart Blair, a Bennett spokesperson
Previous Rankings: 2016 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008 | 2007
While it's entirely likely you'll skip right ahead to the rankings, we wanted to provide some context for the list. As always, prospect lists are a snapshot in time—in this case January 1, when the list was compiled. It's possible a prospect's situation has changed since then, or that our evaluator's feelings on a prospect have changed, due to new information. Within a week of the list being submitted, Jeffrey Paternostro told me there were only seven rankings he hated already. I'm guessing that number has risen as time's gone on. We hope you enjoy reading and debating the list as much as we enjoyed putting it together. —Craig Goldstein
1. Alex Reyes, RHP, St. Louis Cardinals
Scouting Report: LINK
2. Dansby Swanson, SS, Atlanta Braves
Scouting Report: LINK
3. Andrew Benintendi, OF, Boston Red Sox
Scouting Report: LINK
4. J.P. Crawford, SS, Philadelphia Phillies
Scouting Report: LINK
5. Yoan Moncada, 2B/3B, Chicago White Sox
Scouting Report: LINK
6. Austin Meadows, OF, Pittsburgh Pirates
Scouting Report: LINK
7. Victor Robles, OF, Washington Nationals
Scouting Report: LINK
8. Amed Rosario, SS, New York Mets
Scouting Report: LINK
9. Eloy Jimenez, OF, Chicago Cubs
Scouting Report: LINK
10. Lucas Giolito, RHP, Chicago White Sox
Scouting Report: LINK
11. Brendan Rodgers, SS, Colorado Rockies
Scouting Report: LINK
12. Lewis Brinson, OF, Milwaukee Brewers
Scouting Report: LINK
13. Rafael Devers, 3B, Boston Red Sox
Scouting Report: LINK
14. Tyler Glasnow, RHP, Pittsburgh Pirates
Scouting Report: LINK
15. Gleyber Torres, SS, New York Yankees
Scouting Report: LINK
16. Clint Frazier, OF, New York Yankees
Scouting Report: LINK
17. Robert Gsellman, RHP, New York Mets
Scouting Report: LINK
18. Manuel Margot, OF, San Diego Padres
Scouting Report: LINK
19. Josh Hader, LHP, Milwaukee Brewers
Scouting Report: LINK
20. Nick Senzel, 3B, Cincinnati Reds
Scouting Report: LINK
21. Willy Adames, SS, Tampa Bay Rays
Scouting Report: LINK
22. Brent Honeywell, RHP, Tampa Bay Rays
Scouting Report: LINK
23. Yadier Alvarez, RHP, Los Angeles Dodgers
Scouting Report: LINK
24. Anderson Espinoza, RHP, San Diego Padres
Scouting Report: LINK
25. Josh Bell, 1B/OF, Pittsburgh Pirates
Scouting Report: LINK
26. Cody Bellinger, 1B/OF, Los Angeles Dodgers
Scouting Report: LINK
27. Mitch Keller, RHP, Pittsburgh Pirates
Scouting Report: LINK
28. Francis Martes, RHP, Houston Astros
Scouting Report: LINK
29. Jason Groome, LHP, Boston Red Sox
Scouting Report: LINK
30. Reynaldo Lopez, RHP, Chicago White Sox
Scouting Report: LINK
31. Ronald Acuna, OF, Atlanta Braves
Scouting Report: LINK
32. Amir Garrett, LHP, Cincinnati Reds
Scouting Report: LINK
33. Jorge Alfaro, C, Philadelphia Phillies
Scouting Report: LINK
34. Francisco Mejia, C, Cleveland Indians
Scouting Report: LINK
35. Ozhaino Albies, SS/2B, Atlanta Braves
Scouting Report: LINK
36. Michael Kopech, RHP, Chicago White Sox
Scouting Report: LINK
37. Kyle Tucker, OF, Houston Astros
Scouting Report: LINK
38. Jose De Leon, RHP, Tampa Bay Rays
Scouting Report: LINK
39. Yohander Mendez, LHP, Texas Rangers
Scouting Report: LINK
40. Sandy Alcantara, RHP, St. Louis Cardinals
Scouting Report: LINK
41. Corey Ray, OF, Milwaukee Brewers
Scouting Report: LINK
42. Raimel Tapia, OF, Colorado Rockies
Scouting Report: LINK
43. Jorge Mateo, SS/2B/OF, New York Yankees
Scouting Report: LINK
44. Sean Newcomb, LHP, Atlanta Braves
Scouting Report: LINK
45. Cal Quantrill, RHP, San Diego Padres
Scouting Report: LINK
46. Riley Pint, RHP, Colorado Rockies
Scouting Report: LINK
47. Franklin Barreto, SS, Oakland Athletics
Scouting Report: LINK
48. Nick Gordon, SS, Minnesota Twins
Scouting Report: LINK
49. Blake Rutherford, OF, New York Yankees
Scouting Report: LINK
50. Jeff Hoffman, RHP, Colorado Rockies
Scouting Report: LINK
51. Nick Williams, OF, Philadelphia Phillies
Scouting Report: LINK
52. Justus Sheffield, LHP, New York Yankees
Scouting Report: LINK
53. Tyler O'Neill, OF, Seattle Mariners
Scouting Report: LINK
54. Ian Happ, 2B/OF, Chicago Cubs
Scouting Report: LINK
55. Triston McKenzie, RHP, Cleveland Indians
Scouting Report: LINK
56. Mickey Moniak, OF, Philadelphia Phillies
Scouting Report: LINK
57. Juan Soto, OF, Washington Nationals
Scouting Report: LINK
58. James Kaprielian, RHP, New York Yankees
Scouting Report: LINK
59. Isan Diaz, SS, Milwaukee Brewers
Scouting Report: LINK
60. Grant Holmes, RHP, Oakland Athletics
Scouting Report: LINK
61. A.J. Puk, LHP, Oakland Athletics
Scouting Report: LINK
62. Erick Fedde, RHP, Washington Nationals
Scouting Report: LINK
63. Aaron Judge, OF, New York Yankees
Scouting Report: LINK
64. Mike Soroka, RHP, Atlanta Braves
Scouting Report: LINK
65. Kevin Newman, SS, Pittsburgh Pirates
Scouting Report: LINK
66. Alex Verdugo, OF, Los Angeles Dodgers
Scouting Report: LINK
67. Kolby Allard, LHP, Atlanta Braves
Scouting Report: LINK
68. Luis Ortiz, RHP, Milwaukee Brewers
Scouting Report: LINK
69. Thomas Szapucki, LHP, New York Mets
Scouting Report: LINK
70. Kyle Lewis, OF, Seattle Mariners
Scouting Report: LINK
71. Braxton Garrett, LHP, Miami Marlins
Scouting Report: LINK
72. Ariel Jurado, RHP, Texas Rangers
Scouting Report: LINK
73. Leody Taveras, OF, Texas Rangers
Scouting Report: LINK
74. Franklyn Kilome, RHP, Philadelphia Phillies
Scouting Report: LINK
75. Brett Phillips, OF, Milwaukee Brewers
Scouting Report: LINK
76. Chance Sisco, C, Baltimore Orioles
Scouting Report: LINK
77. Albert Almora, OF, Chicago Cubs
Scouting Report: LINK
78. Jahmai Jones, OF, Los Angeles Angels
Scouting Report: LINK
79. Delvin Perez, SS, St. Louis Cardinals
Scouting Report: LINK
80. Bradley Zimmer, OF, Cleveland Indians
Scouting Report: LINK
81. Carson Kelly, C, St. Louis Cardinals
Scouting Report: LINK
82. Albert Abreu, RHP, New York Yankees
Scouting Report: LINK
83. David Paulino, RHP, Houston Astros
Scouting Report: LINK
84. Franklin Perez, RHP, Houston Astros
Scouting Report: LINK
85. Sean Reid-Foley, RHP, Toronto Blue Jays
Scouting Report: LINK
86. Frankie Montas, RHP, Oakland Athletics
Scouting Report: LINK
87. Trevor Clifton, RHP, Chicago Cubs
Scouting Report: LINK
88. Matt Manning, RHP, Detroit Tigers
Scouting Report: LINK
89. Zack Collins, C, Chicago White Sox
Scouting Report: LINK
90. Yusniel Diaz, OF, Los Angeles Dodgers
Scouting Report: LINK
91. Adonis Medina, RHP, Philadelphia Phillies
Scouting Report: LINK
92. Hunter Renfroe, OF, San Diego Padres
Scouting Report: LINK
93. Anthony Alford, OF, Toronto Blue Jays
Scouting Report: LINK
94. Walker Buehler, RHP, Los Angeles Dodgers
Scouting Report: LINK
95. Anderson Tejeda, SS, Texas Rangers
Scouting Report: LINK
96. Ian Anderson, RHP, Atlanta Braves
Scouting Report: LINK
97. Alec Hansen, RHP, Chicago White Sox
Scouting Report: LINK
98. Tyler Jay, LHP, Minnesota Twins
Scouting Report: LINK
99. Trent Clark, OF, Milwaukee Brewers
Scouting Report: LINK
100. Kevin Maitan, SS, Atlanta Braves
Scouting Report: LINK
101. Tyler Wade, IF/OF, New York Yankees
Scouting Report: LINK
A battle during the First World War
The Second Battle of Champagne (Herbstschlacht or Autumn Battle) in World War I was a French offensive against the German army.
Battle [ edit ]
On 25 September 1915, twenty divisions of the Second Army and Fourth Army of Groupe d'armées du Centre (GAC, Central Army Group), attacked at 9:15 a.m., with each division on a 1,500–2,000 yards (1,400–1,800 m) front. A second line of seven divisions followed, with one infantry division and six cavalry divisions in reserve. Six German divisions held the line opposite, in a front position and a reserve position the R-Stellung (Rückstellung, Reserve Position) further back. French artillery observers benefitted from good weather but on the night of 24/25 September, heavy rain began and fell until midday.
The German front position was broken in four places and two of the penetrations reached as far as the R-Stellung, where uncut barbed wire prevented the French from advancing further. The French took 14,000 prisoners and several guns but French casualties were also high; the Germans had anticipated the French attack, having been able to watch the French preparations from their high ground and outposts. The main defensive effort was made at the R-Stellung, behind which the bulk of the German field artillery had been withdrawn. A supporting attack by the French 3rd Army on the Aisne took no ground.
Joffre allotted two reserve divisions to the GAC and ordered the Groupe d'armées de l'Est (GAE, Eastern Army Group) to send all 75 mm field gun ammunition, except for 500 rounds per gun, to the Second and Fourth armies. On 26 September, the French attacked again, closed up to the R-Stellung on a 7.5-mile (12.1 km) front and gained a foothold in one place. Another 2,000 German troops were captured but attacks against the R-Stellung from 27–29 September, broke through on 28 September. A German counter-attack next day recaptured the ground, most of which was on a reverse slope, which had deprived the French artillery of ground observation; Joffre suspended the offensive until more ammunition could be supplied and ordered that the captured ground be consolidated and cavalry units be withdrawn. Smaller French attacks against German salients continued from 30 September – 5 October.
Aftermath [ edit ]
Analysis [ edit ]
Champagne battlefront, 1915
On 3 October, Joffre abandoned the attempt at a breakthrough in Champagne, ordered the local commanders to fight a battle of attrition and then terminated the offensive on 6 November. The offensive in Champagne had advanced the French line for about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi), at a cost of c. 100,000 more French and British casualties than German losses. The French had attacked in Champagne with 35 divisions against the equivalent of 16 German divisions. On the Champagne front, the Fourth, Second and Third armies had fired 2,842,400 field artillery and 577,700 heavy shells, which with the consumption in Artois during the Third Battle of Artois, exhausted the French ammunition supply. French methods and equipment were insufficient for the demands of trench warfare and a lull followed, as the French rested the survivors of the offensive, replaced losses and accumulated more equipment and ammunition. On 22 October, Joffre claimed that the autumn offensive had resulted in important tactical gains, inflicted many casualties and achieved a moral superiority over the Germans and that only a lack of artillery had led to a failure to achieve the strategic objectives of the offensive. To keep as many German troops as possible away from the Eastern Front, offensive operations must continue but troops in the front line were to be kept to the minimum over the winter and a new strategy was to be formulated.
The theoretical bases of the French offensives of 1915 had been collected in But et conditions d'une action offensive d'ensemble (Purpose and Conditions of all Offensive Action, 16 April 1915) and its derivative Note 5779, which had been compiled from analyses of reports received from the front since 1914. The document contained instructions on infiltration tactics, rolling barrages and poison gas, which were to be used systematically in continuous battles to create rupture.[a] Continuous battle was to be replaced by step-by-step advances, through successive German defence lines. Methodical attacks were to be made each time and would inexorably consume German infantry reserves. The German defences would eventually collapse and make a breakthrough attack feasible. The slower, more deliberate methods, would conserve French infantry, as they battered through the deeper defences built by the Germans since 1914.
In the autumn battles, the Allies had outnumbered the Westheer (German army in the west) by 600 infantry battalions but had not achieved a breakthrough and after the first day, German reinforcements made one impossible. Several divisions had returned from the Eastern Front but were tired and of little value. The German commander in chief, General Erich von Falkenhayn had underestimated the possibility of an offensive and kept the Oberste Heeresleitung (OHL, German high command) reserve spread all along the Western Front, rather than concentrating it in threatened areas. French reviews of the offensive found that reserves had moved close to the front, ready to exploit a breakthrough and had advanced on time. The troops had then become bunched up with the leading divisions, blocked the lines of communication and suffered many casualties, while held up. Communications failed and commanders had been in ignorance of the situation, artillery co-ordination with the infantry had been poor and rain grounded French artillery-observation aircraft. Many of the French commanders concluded that a breakthrough could not be forced in one attack and that it would take several set-piece battles, to make the defenders collapse and be unable to prevent a return to mobile operations.
The German report, Experiences of the 3rd Army in the Autumn Battles in the Champagne, 1915, noted that unyielding defence of the most forward positions had failed several times, because the attackers had severely damaged German field fortifications and cut the barbed wire obstacles in front of them, by long artillery bombardments. The second position had not been broken into and the 3rd Army reported that the decision to construct the second position had been vindicated, since the French had to suspend their attacks until artillery had been moved forward, which took until 4 October. The momentum of the initial breakthrough had not been maintained, because the French troops crowding forward had become disorganised, which made co-ordinated attacks impossible to arrange. French prisoners were reported to have said that there had been no methodical staging of the reserves to exploit a breakthrough and concluded with the view that a breakthrough might still be possible.
Lack of troops made it impossible for the Germans to respond with big counter-attacks but smaller hasty counter-attacks by local troops, had succeeded against French units weakened by losses, which had not had time to consolidate captured ground. It was recommended that such reserves should be made available by reducing the number of German troops in the front line, as one man every 2–3 metres (2.2–3.3 yd) in the front line was enough. Co-operation between all arms, assistance from neighbouring sectors and the exploitation of flanking moves had defeated the French offensive. More intermediate strong points, built for all-round defence were recommended, between the first and second positions. Defence of the first position was still the intention but deeper defences would dissipate the effect of a breakthrough and force the attackers to make numerous individual attacks, in areas where local knowledge and preparation of the ground would be advantageous to the defenders. Observation posts should be made secure from attack, reconnaissance reports acted on promptly and communication links were to be made as robust as possible. A wide field of fire was unnecessary and to be dispensed with, to make each part of the position defensible by placing defences on reverse slopes, concealed from ground observation
In his memoirs (1919), Falkenhayn wrote that the autumn battle showed that on the Western Front, quantity was not enough to defeat armies sheltering in field defences
.... the lessons to be deduced from the failure of our enemies' mass attacks are decisive against any imitation of their battle methods. Attempts at a mass breakthrough, even with the extreme accumulation of men and material, cannot be regarded as holding out the prospects of success. — Falkenhayn
and that the plans made earlier in 1915, for an offensive in France were obsolete. Falkenhayn needed to resolve the paradoxical lessons of the war since 1914, to find a way to end the war favourably for Germany, which culminated at Verdun in 1916, when Falkenhayn tried to induce the French to repeat the costly failure of the Second Battle of Champagne.
Casualties [ edit ]
The offensive had been disappointing for the French. Despite their new 'attack in echelon' they had only made quick progress during the time it took for the Germans to strip reserves from elsewhere and rush them up. They had lost 145,000 men, while the Germans had 72,500 casualties, (Foley gave 97,000 casualties based on Der Weltkrieg the German Official History.) The French had taken 25,000 prisoners and captured 150 guns. In Der Weltkrieg, French casualties in the Fourth, Second and Third armies from 25 September – 7 October were recorded as 143,567 men, with 48,230 more casualties in the Tenth Army from 25 September – 15 October and 56,812 casualties in the British First Army from 25 September – 16 October, a total of c. 250,000 casualties against c. 150,000 losses in the German armies, of which 81,000 casualties were suffered in the Champagne battle from 22 September – 14 October. The French Official History recorded 191,795 casualties in the fighting in Champagne and Artois.
Notes [ edit ]
^ Reviews of the experiences of the offensives led to a new formulation, Instruction sur le combat offensif des grandes unités (Instruction on the Offensive Battle of Large Units, 26 January 1916).
References [ edit ]
Like many other automakers, Toyota is testing prototype self-driving cars on closed courses and public roads. It's even got one with two steering wheels. But the Japanese automaker is preparing to test more sophisticated technology.
Toyota will begin testing self-driving cars that use artificial intelligence to "talk" to human drivers around 2020, reports Reuters. The car used in these tests will be based on the Toyota Concept-i that debuted at CES 2017 back in January, and featured an AI personal assistant named Yui.
While some automakers and tech companies believe autonomous cars will make human drivers redundant, Toyota wants autonomous systems to compliment human drivers. AI is the key to that, the automaker believes.
"By using AI technology, we want to expand and enhance the driving experience, making cars an object of affection again," Makoto Okabe, general manager of Toyota's electric car business and planning division, said in an interview with Reuters.
The Toyota Concept-i was designed to let drivers toggle between automated and manual modes. Its AI can also monitor driver behaviors to predict a person's mood and attentiveness, allowing the autonomous systems to take over when the human driver isn't up to the task, or just doesn't feel like driving.
Incorporating these features into a production car may difficult, though. It may be some time before we see production cars capable of full autonomy, known as Level 5, let alone AI sophisticated enough to determine when a person is capable of driving. That adds another level of complexity on top of simply getting a car to drive itself.
Nonetheless, Toyota's planned tests should be interesting. The idea of an AI sidekick has been popularized by movies and video games, but it's hard to say exactly how real people will interact with one in a car, especially one that tries to read their emotions. It may be vital to managing human-machine interactions in Toyota's autonomous cars, but it's also a bit creepy.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — Police supervisors have recommended that the officer who fatally shot a 19-year-old woman be fired, according to the officer's attorney.
Albuquerque police Officer Jeremy Dear is facing termination, said Thomas Grover, Dear's attorney. The recommendation is the result of an internal affair investigation into several issues surrounding Dear, including his history of lapel camera policy violations.
Dear was placed on administrative assignment after he shot Mary Hawkes in April near Zuni SE and Wyoming. Dear's camera wasn't recording when he shot Hawkes, and a review of whether he didn't turn it on, or whether the camera malfunctioned was inconclusive, according to a report from Taser International, the company that made Dear's camera. APD officials have said Dear told them he turned on the camera.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
According to police accounts, Dear has said that Hawkes, a suspected car thief, was armed with a handgun and pointed it at him during a foot chase. Footage from lapel cameras of other officers who responded after the shooting showed a gun on the ground next to Hawkes' body.
Grover said police are “bootstrapping” numerous issues against his client in the wake of a high-profile shooting. He said neither he nor Dear have been notified that the IA investigation into whether Dear acted improperly when he shot Hawkes has started.
The Hawkes shooting wasn't the first time there were questions about the Dear's lapel camera. He was involved in two arrests in 2013 during which he used force against a suspect and no recording of the arrest was made, according to Journal archives.
And KOAT-TV reported that a review of Dear's personnel file found other incidents in which Dear's lapel camera didn't record an interaction that should have been taped.
APD officers in the field are required to use their cameras to record most of their interactions with residents.
In August, Dear became the target of an internal affairs investigation in connection with several policy issues, Grover said.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Grover said he and Dear had a Loudermill hearing in front of Chief Gorden Eden on Monday. A Loudermill hearing provides government employees an opportunity to tell their side of the story before they face serious discipline, Grover said.
Eden hasn't made a decision on what type of discipline Dear will face, Grover said.
An APD spokesman Friday couldn't comment on the internal affairs investigation, and police union officials couldn't be reached for comment.
Eden has approved the termination of two officers since he took over as chief in February, according to a review of termination letters.
Gil Vigil was fired in April in connection to a police response to suspected child abuse. No incident report was filed, and 9-year-old Omaree Varela, the suspected victim, later died as a result of suspected child abuse. Vigil's attorney has said his client planned to appeal the firing.
Michael Parrish was fired in July for numerous policy violations that included lack of familiarity with laws, insubordination, failure to report for duty, not responding promptly to calls and not writing reports.
Anxiety disorders are the most common of all mental health problems. They're also - and I speak from experience here - rubbish to live with. Despite their prevalence, however, anxiety disorders are rarely discussed, partly because they make their sufferers feel like they have no place bringing them up in conversation.
In this episode of Low Batteries we explore some of the games designed to help anxiety sufferers and also take a look at remarkable twine game Raik. Raik has two stories that progress simultaneously, one written in English and the other in Scots. While the former is about a mythical warrior, the latter follows an office worker from Edinburgh as she tries to get through the day without having a panic attack.
Raik's creator, Aitch Giles, was kind enough to let me ask him a few questions about Raik's development. You can find them below the video, which I would recommend you watch first in order to get a real sense for what Raik is.
Eurogamer: What was your intention in creating Raik? Did you set out to educate people about what it's like to suffer a panic attack, was it designed to help suffers?
I think anxiety and panic are really individual experiences, and that they can manifest themselves in different people in very different ways. So I wasn't setting out to educate a general audience about a generalised experience of an anxiety, but to tell my own truth of it as accurately as possible: Raik is fiction, but all the thoughts and experiences the anxious character has been things I've thought and felt. But writing about your experience can be a good way for readers to understand their own -- and it's something Twine has been really good for in the last few years, with many writers sharing many different experiences of mental health. I've learned a lot about myself from reading other people's twines. I'm generally a bit mistrustful of folk who set out to educate and help others about mental health: too often that tends towards enforcing normative behaviours, rather than meeting people where they're at. But meeting other sufferers in solidarity, that's something I really believe in.
Eurogamer: How did the idea come about? Did you always imagine it having a split narrative?
Aye, I actually started with the idea of having a split narrative, and then started thinking about what stories it could tell well. When you live with more than one language or way of speaking in your head, especially when one of those is minoritised or marginalised, it can feel like you're living in two parallel worlds at the same time. And then I realised that that's also what anxiety can feel like: you're muddling through the day in astonishing psychic pain, and most of the people you meet haven't a clue. The world in your head and the world outside are completely different. So I set the whole split narrative up as a metaphor for anxiety on the one hand and Scottishness on the other.
Eurogamer: While playing through Raik I actually had a mild panic attack myself - you've done a remarkable job of getting across what it feels like to be suffering from anxiety - but the game isn't entirely without hope. Was it difficult to strike that balance? Were you ever tempted to pull some of the punches?
I'm really sorry to hear that! It was important to me to have a content note at the beginning of the game so that vulnerable folk could look after themselves during it. But aye, I wanted to get across a *really bad* day as clearly as I could. The day in the game is about as bad a day as I've ever experienced: I think a different, longer game could explore how moods can change and flow. Depression Quest has a good stab at that, tracking how depression can change over time. What I really wanted to do, though, is get across some of the absurdity and arbitrariness of panic. For example, there are false choices in the game where either one makes you panic more: that happens so much in daily life, and then you feel worse because you think you should have chosen differently, and so on. The systems and puzzles of Raik look like they're solvable, and sometimes they are -- sometimes you can deep breathe your way out of panic -- but sometimes they're deliberately unfair, because anxiety is unfair and unreasonable.
Eurogamer: The modern day portion of the game is written in Scots. Was there a particular reason you settled on that half of the game, rather than having the cave portion written that way?
There are a couple of things happening at once there. On the one hand, I wanted to find a way of making strange the mundane narrative of getting through an anxious day -- unfamiliar language can be a good way of making readers look at familiar things in a different way. It also means that many readers will have a weird, slugging time getting through that text, which is an analogue for how it can be to wade through an anxious day.
On the other hand, there's also a comment about Scotland and Scottishness going on there. Scotland is often set up as a bit of a mythical, fantastical place, and Scots as a hifalutin historical language. I wanted to make Scots feel both contemporary and ordinary. I also wanted to get something across about the fetishisation of Scotland: the cave crawl half is *absurd*, full of silly stereotypes of celtic fantasy. There's another layer of metaphor there going on about how folk with mental health probems are stereotyped and fetishised, as opposed to how they actually live and act. So there are a lot of binaries going on at once: Scots as vernacular, experiential, quotidian, difficult; English as distanced, stereotyping, fantstical, too easy. And both languages keep wanting to escape into each other.
Eurogamer: The modern day protagonist seems to have a grasp of some of the techniques used to battle anxiety - was it important to you to include those in this portion of the game?
I included them partly because it's narratively more interesting and partly because it's true to my experience: being anxious isn't just about being a victim of your brain (though it can feel like that) and never being able to escape (though it can feel like that), but also about this constant process of self-management. You're always pre-judging your decisions and trying to act in a way that keeps your anxiety in check. In that way, it can sometimes feel like a video game with insta-death and lots of unexpected threats - except it's unfair and there's no final victory. All that said, there's also an importance and bravery in works that depict uncompromisingly just how bad things can get, like I'm Fine and Anhedonia.
Eurogamer: Finally, what advice would you give to anxiety sufferers?
Everyone's different, and you can keep trying different things until you find what works for you. Whatever you need, that's what's right for you, no matter what other folk say or who they think you should be. Sometimes what you need will contradict all the sage advice: trust yourself. The top things that currently work for me are: doing stretches first thing each morning (but forgiving myself when I don't feel like it); taking two full days off work each week and damn the emails; being honest and open with the world about my mental health (but allowing myself to lie when I need to); and spending time with folk who love and support me unconditionally, regardless of how weird my brain is making me behave.
----------
If you think you or someone you know may be suffering, don't carry on in silence.
In the UK:
You can call the Rethink advice and information service on 0300 5000 927 (10am-1pm).
Also the Depression Alliance, a charity, has a network of self-help groups.
Samaritan offers a 24-hour confidential helpline: 116 123
In Australia:
You can contact the BeyondBlue support service in 1300 22 4636
In the US:
You can call the Crisis Call Center on 1-800-273-8255 at any time of the day.
If you're more comfortable talking via text than on the phone, 7cupsoftea.com offers an anonymous chat service.
Hmm, Make America Sick Again—it's got a ring to it.
The popular vote losers who now control Congress accelerated efforts Wednesday to repeal Obamacare immediately, teeing up the GOP motto for the 115th Congress: Make America Sick Again. Perfecto.
But Democrats vowed to strongly resist the repeal efforts, which Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said could be reduced to the slogan “make America sick again.” Mr. Schumer said Republicans would have to own the health care system. [...] Representative Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, said Democrats assured Mr. Obama that they would not back down. Of the Republicans, she said, “to repeal without replacing it is just an act of cowardice.”
Republicans had seven years to come up with a replacement and, as we all know, they've offered nothing but a set of platitudes about their intentions. Not once have they seriously grappled with the issues Democrats arduously mulled early in Obama's presidency as they tried to make helping millions more Americans stay healthy a bipartisan effort. Not one Republican signed on. Not one.
So when Republicans finally succeed in killing the Affordable Care Act without a replacement, they will truly “Make America Sick Again,” including some 20 million Americans insured by Obamacare. Those with pre-existing health conditions. Young adults still on their parents' health plans. Women of childbearing age who were once denied coverage because pregnancy isn't profitable. People with disabilities. The impoverished. The list goes on.
Make America Sick Again.
Say it with us, GOP. Own it. It's all yours.
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) says he'll oppose any Trump administration nominee who has backed torture.
"I cannot in good conscience vote for any nominee who in any way has supported the use of enhanced interrogation," McCain said in a statement on Wednesday.
His statement was first reported by Politico.
His comments came after McCain was the lone Republican senator to vote against the confirmation of Steven Engel, President Trump's pick to head the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel. The office provides legal counsel to the president and executive agencies.
ADVERTISEMENT
McCain, who was tortured as a prisoner in the Vietnam War, cited Engel's connection to the Bush administration's torture memos.
During his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Engel, a former deputy assistant attorney general, said he had "reviewed and commented" on a 2007 version of a controversial memo that advised the president and U.S. intelligence on the use of "enhanced interrogation techniques" on detainees.
McCain said he would oppose any nominee in the future who defended such practices.
"Mr. Engel reviewed and commented on this memo, which attempted to justify interrogation techniques that violate the Geneva Conventions and stain our national honor," he said in the statement.
McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, has also pushed back on Trump's calls in January to revisit the use of torture.
“The president can sign whatever executive orders he likes. But the law is the law," McCain said about changing the rules on interrogation techniques. "We are not bringing back torture in the United States of America."
McCain previously condemned Trump's calls during the 2016 campaign to bring back waterboarding for terrorists.
This story was updated at 6:20 p.m.
Ledley King is set to expand his role within the Club by beginning a part-time coaching role with our Under-18 side.
The Club Ambassador, who retired from playing at the end of the 2011-12 season, will take his first steps on the coaching ladder working with our Academy scholars.
Academy Manager John McDermott explained: "Ledley has come through the coaching training programme undertaken by a number of senior players in recent seasons, including Scott Parker, Brad Friedel and Michael Dawson.
"We are now looking for Ledley to spend 2-3 days a week assisting our Under-18 group with their on and off pitch development.
"Using senior players as role models within our Academy is a scheme we are keen to nurture and develop further."
Ledley is currently with the Club on its US and Canada tour, including taking part in several Global Coaching sessions and community coaching initiatives.
Couples who drink together stay: Divorce less likely if husband and wife consume the same amount
Researchers looked at the drinking habits and divorce rates of nearly 20,000 couples
Highest divorce rate - 26.8% - was in couples where the husband was a light-drinker and the wife binged
When you toast your other half this Valentine's Day, here's hoping you don't finish off the bottle on your own.
For a new study has found that couples who drink similar amounts are more compatible.
A study of nearly 20,000 married couples revealed that husbands and wives who both consumed a moderate intake of alcohol were far less likely to divorce than couples where one was a heavy drinker.
Do you and your partner both enjoy the occasional tipple? A Norwegian study suggests you are the couple most likely to stay together
Just 5.8 per cent of couples who were lighter drinkers ended up splitting from their long-term partners, according to the study from the Norwegian Institute of Public Health.
The highest divorce rate - 26.8 per cent - was in couples where the husband was a light-drinker while the wife went on binges.
However, it seems women are more forgiving, as when the roles were reversed the divorce rate halved to 13.1 per cent.
Researcher Fartein Ask Torvik, said there were several explanations for the disparity.
'One of them is that women in general seem to be more strongly affected by heavy drinking than men are. Thus, heavy-drinking women may be more impaired than heavy-drinking men,' he said.
Co-author Ellinor Major, added: 'Heavy drinking among women is also less acceptable than among men in our society.
'A wife's heavy drinking probably also interferes more with general family life – that is, the caring role of the mother, upbringing of children, etc. Perhaps the husband is more apt to the leave the spouse than is the wife when major problems occur.'
When both husband and wife were heavy drinkers the divorce rate of the Norwegian couples was 17.2 per cent.
'Essentially, the more people drink, the higher is the risk of divorce,' said Torvik.
'In addition, the risk of divorce is lowered if the spouses drink approximately the same amount of alcohol.
'This is not only true for those who drink excessively – there is also a reduced risk of divorce if both spouses abstain totally from alcohol.'
The divorce rate was 13.1% among couples where the husband drank more than the wife. However it was double that when the wife was the heavier drinker
Major said heavy drinking was a great public health concern in Western societies and put a strain on relationships.
'It often leads to dysfunctional marriages and divorces. The present study adds to our understanding of the predictive value of alcohol use, and particularly of discordant alcohol consumption for marital dissolution,' he said.
And once the marital bond is broken, it seems divorcees are even more likely to reach for the bottle.
'On average, divorced people drink more than married people,' Torvik said.
'To some extent, this is due to increased drinking after a divorce, but people who drink heavily also have a higher risk of experiencing a divorce, so heavy drinking likely interferes fundamentally with the quality of marriage.'
The study provides food - or rather drink - for thought for those about to tie the knot.
'Couples who intend to marry should be aware of the drinking pattern of their partner since it may become a problem in the future,' Major said.
'Good advice probably would be to encourage a similar pattern of moderate or light drinking in both spouses.'
Raul is to retire from football next month after finishing the current season with the New York Cosmos.
The former Spain striker, 38, joined the Cosmos of the North American Soccer League, a level below Major League Soccer, in December but has decided to call it a day after a single campaign.
Soccer legend Raúl will retire at the end of this @naslofficial season. Story ➡️ http://t.co/r5CzDefRl3 #NYCosmos pic.twitter.com/ykiqAPXH5b - New York Cosmos (@NYCosmos) October 15, 2015
"When I signed for the New York Cosmos in December, I said I would evaluate how I felt towards the end of the year and assess whether I would continue to play,'' he said.
"My decision is to retire from playing at the end of this season. I am fully focused on finishing the season strong and helping the New York Cosmos win the NASL Championship. In the coming months I will decide the next step in my career.
"Playing soccer has been part of my life for so long and the decision to retire is not an easy one but I believe it is the right time.
"I'm thankful to everyone who has supported me throughout my career and I look forward to playing my final games with the New York Cosmos over the coming weeks.''
Raul enjoyed a glittering career in his homeland, spending 16 years with Real Madrid during which time he won six La Liga titles, three Champions League titles and six Spanish Super Cups, before later spells with Schalke and Al-Sadd Sports Club. He also scored 44 goals in 102 appearances for Spain.
Cosmos head coach Giovanni Savarese said: "Raul is one of the world's most iconic players. I knew when we signed him what he would bring on pitch but his knowledge, passion, professionalism and commitment has exceeded my expectations.
"In less than a year, Raul has become a big part of the team and he will always remain part of the Cosmos family.''
The Cosmos have already punched their ticket to the NASL post-season by finishing top of the standings in the spring season. They sit third in the fall season standings and top in the combined standings.
The Democratic incumbent leads Romney among registered voters by 48 percent to 44 percent, a slight reduction from his 49 percent to 43 percent lead in July.
But other findings show that Democratic attacks have continued to damage his personal reputation, while his new running mate Paul Ryan has elevated a debate over Medicare that so far works to the disadvantage of the Republican ticket. (Related: Ryan's Way: How He Would Change Medicare.)
“Mitt Romney is sliding in the wrong direction,” said Democratic pollster Peter Hart, who conducts the Journal/NBC survey with his Republican counterpart Bill McInturff. “As the debate shifts away from being solely about jobs, Romney's position weakens.”
Though a sour public mood and weak ratings on the economy continue to weigh on the president, Hart said Ryan's identification with far-reaching changes to the popular Medicare program has created a counterpoint that benefits Democrats.
“This election has moved from a referendum (on the economy) to a choice election, “ he said. “The Medicare issue gives (Obama) a hammer he didn't have before now.”
Obama's lackluster job approval rating, 48 percent, matches the proportion of voters who have a favorable personal impression of him.
Some 43 percent regard him unfavorably.
But Romney's 44 percent unfavorable rating — his highest of the campaign — exceeds his 38 percent favorable rating. That reflects the unprecedentedly heavy investment Obama and his Democratic allies have made in sullying the former Massachusetts governor's reputation this summer.
“Don't wreck a sublime chocolate experience by feeling guilty. Chocolate isn't like premarital sex. It will not make you pregnant. And it always feels good.” ― Lora Brody
“In most people's vocabularies, design means veneer. It's interior decorating. It's the fabric of the curtains of the sofa. But to me, nothing could be further from the meaning of design. Design is the fundamental soul of a human-made creation that ends up expressing itself in successive outer layers of the product or service.” Steve Jobs
The Wrong Sequence
Some companies place package design as something that comes later, after all the R&D and product development.
But why would one do such a thing when it's often the first thing a customer encounters either on a shelf or online or when they get home to unwrap “their reward” they gave to themselves?
As the late Steve Jobs stated above, design is so much more than the veneer. Brands that crush it know that.
It gives meaning and dimension to what a brand believes and stands for.
The Hierarchy of a Label
I've done my share of package design, from Botanical Bakery to Glob Colors to Undew skin care to water.
So much of a brand is SEQUENCE.
What do you want them to read first?
Second?
What's important?
What's trivial?
Does the design support all of that?
Does it engage the customer?
Having just completed this new product line for Legacy Chocolates, I decided to create this diagram to help anyone to look to understand WHY you put certain in certain places to help ensure the customer see what you want them to see in an exact sequence.
For Those Not in Minnesota
If you're really into fine chocolate, you probably hate me by now unless you're in Minnesota.
That's fair. I'd probably feel the same way.
So, understanding you might hate me more, here is the product line with closeups so you can see better what was done and what was said:
In these details, notice what catches your eye first. It's not the top item, but the product itself using color and scale:
And no story would be complete without “the proud parents, ” Mark and Lorraine, of this new complete line of chocolate indulgences:
Have you heard? It's Guest Bloggers' Week! And today Meadoe Hora is sharing five ways to fight workout excuses. Meadoe is the woman behind the blog Out on a Limb. She is not a personal trainer or a exercise fanatic. Meadoe is just a normal, working mom trying to be healthier. She doesn't focus on perfection, but rather consistency. She loves trying new things and shares her adventures in fitness and cooking, as well as helps and gives advice on some at-home fitness programs.
Today, I almost didn't go for a run because I was having a great hair day. I'm not kidding. In my defense, my hair usually looks crazy and disheveled. Not today though. I must have stumbled upon the perfect humidity-to-hair-product ratio. It was good. I actually thought “Wow. I should take a selfie.” I didn't, but I thought about it.
Anyway, it got me thinking of all the excuses I come up with to talk myself out of running or working out. I am my own worst enemy sometimes. Here are some of my excuses:
It's too cold.
It's too hot.
I just ate.
I haven't eaten yet.
It's windy.
It's sunny.
I'm sleepy.
I'll just walk the dogs. It's the same thing. (Um, no. I have two older basset hounds, not greyhounds.)
I don't feel like getting my jog bra out of the dryer in the basement. (Really?)
I should really clean something. (Um, okay?)
I'll go tomorrow.
I don't have time.
I think we can agree that those are all pretty much bullshit. So, how do I get out there when my brain is fighting against me?
5 Ways to Fight Workout Excuses
Think of why you started. I don't mean the “I want to lose X pounds and get in shape” goal. That's an empty goal. I'm talking about the reason behind the goal. Why do you want to get in shape? What will it improve in your life? Me? I want to feel comfortable in my skin.
I don't mean the “I want to lose X pounds and get in shape” goal. That's an empty goal. I'm talking about the reason behind the goal. Why do you want to get in shape? What will it improve in your life? Me? I want to feel comfortable in my skin. Think of how you will feel afterwards. That relaxed, sweaty post-run feeling is what I use to battle my excuses. You know you will feel better afterwards. Just do it.
That relaxed, sweaty post-run feeling is what I use to battle my excuses. You know you will feel better afterwards. Just do it. Think of how it will make your life better. Will it ease stress, make you focused, help you fit into those jeans in your closet?
Will it ease stress, make you focused, help you fit into those jeans in your closet? Trickery. I tell myself to just start and if I am not feeling it, I can turn around or take a really short run. Once I'm out there, I almost always do my full route.
I tell myself to just start and if I am not feeling it, I can turn around or take a really short run. Once I'm out there, I almost always do my full route. I'm not above bribery. I have a playlist that I only listen to when I run. It's full of my guilty pleasure songs and music I can't listen to with my family. If I want to listen to Rihanna tell her guy to shut up and drive or CeeLo Green say “F You” to his ex-girlfriend, I need to put on some running shoes. (Just don't bribe yourself with food — that's counter-productive.)
Today, I didn't get in my own way. I got my cute hair all sweaty and enjoyed an unseasonably warm day. I was glad I went. Success is about choices. You have to choose between what's easiest and what's best and also between what you want now and what you want long-term. It's hard sometimes to see the big picture. Today, I thought of my new jeans and kept the big picture in mind. Hopefully, my hair sacrifice today will lead to better things. Maybe instead of a good hair day, I will have a good ass day when I wear those jeans. Maybe several good ass days. Who doesn't want a good ass day?
What excuses do you tell yourself? I'd love to hear them. Comment below and tell me about it. And check out my other guest post over on Fit Bottomed Mamas here! —Meadoe Hora
Disney's upcoming “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales” will be the first film in the “Pirates” franchise not to feature composer Hans Zimmer. Yet the fifth entry will nonetheless stay within the same musical family, tapping Geoff Zanelli, one of Zimmer's longtime protégés, to take over.
Zanelli's composer credits include HBOs “The Pacific” and TNT's “Into the West” (for which he won an Emmy), as well as “No Stranger Than Love,” “Mortdecai” and his breakout score for 2012's “The Odd Life of Timothy Green.” As part of Zimmer's Remote Control Productions, Zanelli composed themes for several of Zimmer's previous “Pirates” scores, most notably “On Stranger Tides” in 2011.
“What Hans did for the ‘Pirates' movies redefined the sound of the entire genre,” Zanelli says. “It has been very fulfilling to work alongside him and [producer] Jerry [Bruckheimer] on the past four films. ‘Dead Men Tell No Tales' enlarges the ‘Pirates' universe with many new, unique elements, and I'm building a distinctive sound for this film that springboards off of many years of collaborating in the ‘Pirates' world.”
Directed by Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg, “Dead Men Tell No Tales” is slated for release in May 2017.
News > Capcom Pro Tour | ESPORT > Ultra Street Fighter IV Tournament at DHS14
Capcom Pro Tour Ultra Street Fighter IV Tournament at DHS14
We are really excited to annouce the Ultra Street Fighter IV Tournament at DreamHack Summer 2014 and that the tournament will be a part of the Capcom Pro Tour. The top 16 players at the DreamHack Summer 2014 Ultra Street Fighter IV Tournament will receive Capcom Pro Tour Ranking points and on top of that we have 50 000 SEK in the prize pool to fight for. The Capcom Pro Tour Ultra Street Fighter IV Tournament at DreamHack Summer 2014 will be one of the very first in Ultra Street Fighter IV that is due to be released in early June 2014. The best matches from the tournament will be live streamed in HD on Twitch for free by Armhouse, Be sure to register for the tournament today!
DreamHack Summer is the first of this years Ultra Street Fighter IV Tournaments at DreamHack events. DreamHack Valencia, DreamHack Stockholm & DreamHack Winter 2014 is all a part of the Capcom Pro Tour full details will be released shortly.
DreamHack Summer 2014 14-17 June, Elmia, Jönköping, Sweden
DreamHack Valencia – 17-20 July, Feria de Valencia, Valencia, Spain
DreamHack Stockholm – 26-27 September, Stockholm Globe Arenas, Stockholm, Sweden
DreamHack Winter 2014 – 27-30 November, Elmia, Jönköping, Sweden
TOURNAMENT INFORMATION
Tournament: DreamHack Ultra Street Fighter IV Championship Summer 2014
Location: DreamHack Summer 2014, Hall B, Elmia, Jönköping, Sweden
Dates: Saturday 14 June
No of players: 128
Platform: XBOX360, The Latest available patch
Monitor: ASUS VW246H
Format: 1on1. Groups to Double Elimination bracket.
Controllers: Please bring your own XBOX 360 compatible controller or joystick. Adapters are allowed.
Game Settings: 1on1, 2/3 rounds, 2/3 games, Group Stage to Double Elimination Bracket. Random stage, Versus Mode, 99 Seconds, No Handicap, Top 16: 2/3 rounds, 3/5 games. All characters are allowed.
Tickets / Competitor fee: All competitors need to have the Event Pass / Competitor Pass (550 SEK) or Computer seat BYOC ticket (from 929 SEK) to be able to participate in tournaments. Buy tickets at bokning.dreamhack.se
Prize Money Policy: www.dreamhack.se
Capcom Pro Tour Ranking points
(Tier 2)
1. 128
2. 64
3. 32
4. 16
5-6. 8
7-8. 4
9-12. 2
13-16. 1
Prize Purse
Total amount: 50 000 SEK
1. 25 000 SEK
2. 12 500 SEK
3. 7 500 SEK
4. 5 000 SEK
Previous DreamHack Champions
Daigo “The Beast” Umehara – Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition – DreamHack Winter 2013
Ryan “Prodigal Son” Hart – Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition – DreamHack Valencia 2013
Simon ‘Popi' Gutierrez – Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition – DreamHack Summer 2013
Seonwoo “Infiltration” Lee – Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition – DreamHack Winter 2012
Andreas “Premium Hands” Dimetriou – Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition – DreamHack Valencia 2012
Seonwoo “Infiltration” Lee – Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition – DreamHack Summer 2012
Seonwoo “Infiltration” Lee – Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition – DreamHack Winter 2011
Cuong “Cuongster” Cao – Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition – DreamHack Valencia 2011
Ryan “Prodigal Son” Hart – Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition – DreamHack Summer 2011
Ryan “Prodigal Son” Hart – Super Street Fighter IV – DreamHack Winter 2010
Olivier “Luffy” Hay – Super Street Fighter IV – DreamHack Summer 2010
Ryan “Prodigal Son” Hart – Street Fighter IV – DreamHack Winter 2009
Niklas “Skatan Milla” Lagerborg – Street Fighter IV – DreamHack Summer 2009
ABOUT CAPCOM PRO TOUR
The CAPCOM PRO TOUR (CPT) is the premier league destination for competitive fighting games. Featuring the latest flagship title of the legendary Street Fighter series, the CPT brings together players and spectators from all over the world to share their love of gaming. With over a dozen official events, and even more independently run tournaments involved, the CPT showcases the very best that competitive gaming has to offer.
More information is available at www.capcomprotour.com
USEFUL LINKS
Capcom Pro Tour Official Terms and Conditions
DreamHack Prize Money Policy
CONTACT
Got any questions regarding the official esport tournaments at DreamHack?
Do not hesitate to contact DreamHack Esport Administration.
Mail: esport@dreamhack.se
Federal prosecutors agreed Wednesday to return more than $100,000 that was seized from a rural convenience store owner even though the owner, Lyndon McLellan, was not accused of a crime. The Justice Department announced in March that it would no longer pursue such seizures, a form of civil asset forfeiture based on a pattern of small cash deposits, without a criminal charge or evidence of criminal activity. The prosecutor in Mr. McLellan's case had expressed displeasure that Congress had been given sealed court filings and offered him a settlement of half his money. Last week, the Justice Department said it would investigate two other prosecutors after one business owner whose assets were seized said he had been punished more harshly after publicizing his case and another said he had been threatened with a felony charge if he did not agree to give up some of his money. This is the third high-profile case that prosecutors have dropped in recent months.
SHAILA DEWAN
MMOBomb.com and Gaijin Entertainment have teamed up to giveaway closed beta keys for War Thunder's upcoming Ground Forces expansion . To get your closed beta code you just need to click on the button below. Don't miss out on this offer!
Ground Forces is the long awaited tank expansion for War Thunder which places players in command of multi-ton tanks from a variety of nations as they fight across historical theaters of war. Just like in War Thunder, players can upgrade and unlock new tanks as they progress. Ground Forces aims to combine both aerial and vehicular combat on one map.
Your browser does not support iframes. For having access to this giveaway you need to enable them.
How to get and use your Key:
1. Log in to your MMOBomb account to get your key. If you don't have one, register for free HERE.
2. Copy and paste your key to a safe place as you may not be able to retrieve it once closing your browser.
3. Login or register for a War Thunder account here.
4. On the main page, click the “Redeem code” button in the right menu and enter your code.
5. Login to the game
6. Press “Events” button in the right upper corner of the screen
7. Find Tanks events on the list of events
8. Make sure you never miss a giveaway, follow our updates via Facebook, Twitter!
9. Have Fun!
Current schedule of tank events on Production server (PDT):
Tank events will appear on the list of events only when they are active via the schedule below:
From 09:00 to 13:00 and from 17:00 to 21:00 every day.
Ground Forces Trailer
Bristol rainout puts Kyle Larson on pole for Food City 500
April 21, 2017
By Reid Spencer
NASCAR Wire Service
BRISTOL, Tenn. – For the third time this season, Kyle Larson will start a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race from the pole.
And for the second time this year, he gained the top starting spot not through qualifying in time trials, but with an assist from Mother Nature.
Because of intermittent rain at Bristol Motor Speedway, NASCAR canceled qualifying in favor of necessary practice for teams in the Cup, XFINITY and K&N Pro Series East Series.
With the field for Sunday's Food City 500 (2 p.m. ET on FOX) ordered according to owner points, Larson will start up front as the series leader, with second-place Chase Elliott beside him. Those are familiar positions for both drivers, who started in the same spots when rain wiped out qualifying for the April 2 race at Martinsville.
Interestingly, Larson posted his worst finish of the season in that race — 17th. Otherwise, in the six events since he ran 12th in the season-opening Daytona 500, the driver of the No. 42 Chip Ganassi Racing Chevrolet has a victory from the pole at Fontana, California, and four second-place finishes.
Elliott, on the other hand, finished third at Martinsville, matching his best result of the season.
Martin Truex Jr. will start third on Sunday, followed by Team Penske teammates Brad Keselowski and Joey Logano.
Keselowski is the only two-time winner this season, having gone to Victory Lane at both Atlanta and Martinsville.
Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Qualifying – Food City 500
Bristol Motor Speedway
Bristol, Tennessee
Friday, April 21, 2017
1. (42) Kyle Larson, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 1st.
2. (24) Chase Elliott, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 2nd.
3. (78) Martin Truex Jr., Toyota, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 3rd.
4. (2) Brad Keselowski, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 4th.
5. (22) Joey Logano, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 5th.
6. (21) Ryan Blaney, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 6th.
7. (18) Kyle Busch, Toyota, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 7th.
8. (1) Jamie McMurray, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 8th.
9. (14) Clint Bowyer, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 9th.
10. (4) Kevin Harvick, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 10th.
11. (48) Jimmie Johnson, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 11th.
12. (6) Trevor Bayne, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 12th.
13. (31) Ryan Newman, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 13th.
14. (77) Erik Jones #, Toyota, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 14th.
15. (41) Kurt Busch, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 15th.
16. (11) Denny Hamlin, Toyota, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 16th.
17. (5) Kasey Kahne, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 17th.
18. (43) Aric Almirola, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 18th.
19. (17) Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 19th.
20. (88) Dale Earnhardt Jr., Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 20th.
21. (3) Austin Dillon, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 21st.
22. (20) Matt Kenseth, Toyota, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 22nd.
23. (19) Daniel Suarez #, Toyota, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 23rd.
24. (13) Ty Dillon #, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 24th.
25. (47) AJ Allmendinger, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 25th.
26. (27) Paul Menard, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 26th.
27. (37) Chris Buescher, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 27th.
28. (95) Michael McDowell, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 28th.
29. (10) Danica Patrick, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 29th.
30. (34) Landon Cassill, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 30th.
31. (72) Cole Whitt, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 31st.
32. (32) Matt DiBenedetto, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 32nd.
33. (38) David Ragan, Ford, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 33rd.
34. (15) Reed Sorenson, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 34th.
35. (83) * Corey LaJoie #, Toyota, Open Team – 2017 Owner Point 35th.
36. (23) Gray Gaulding #, Toyota, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 36th.
37. (33) Jeffrey Earnhardt, Chevrolet, Charter Team – 2017 Owner Point 39th.
38. (51) * Timmy Hill(i), Chevrolet, Open Team – 2017 Owner Point 40th.
39. (55) * Derrike Cope, Toyota, Open Team – 2017 Owner Point 41st.
–30–
Advertisements
I'm 5′10.5″ and weigh 65 K.G. Personality type - INFJ I speak 5 languages. Two languages as native or bilingual and another two with full working proficiency. I'm an atheist, but have no problem when people talk about Gods and worship. In fact, I've read Gita and some other spiritual books like “The living with Himalayan Masters”. I don't believe in such facts, but I do enjoy learning new things. I've read The Hobbit (written by J.R.R. Tolkein) 10 times. Most of the time I fantasize living in a world surrounded by Hobbits, Wizards and Elves. In real, I never have talked to any girl. Forget about dating. I've never scored below 90% in Mathematics. A few years back, I was very good at both Cricket and Chess. Even I've participated state level chess tournaments. Now I have no interest in playing any of them. I fear those people who often smile. I find them deranged. I'm short-tempered. Over the years, I've learned how to control myself. Now I'm very good at this. I'm very lazy and socially awkward. I hesitate starting a conversation from my side. I enjoy being alone than with anyone. I sleep 9–10 hrs a day on regular basis. During vacation I sleep more than 12 hrs. I don't carry cell phone with me. Even while traveling to a different place, I put it in my bag not in pocket. Unfortunately, I pursued engineering. Never really enjoyed. I'm very much flexible. I've nothing like favourite. No matter what, I can adjust. I value my privacy a lot. I'm not fond of sharing pics on social media. My favourite fictional character is Aragorn from The Lord of The Rings. I adore him so much. I'm an avid reader. I've read more than sixty novels apart from academics books. My favourite writers are J.R.R Tolekin and Stephen King. I've trust issues. I judge people through their actions and reactions since their character is totally related to Newton's 3rd law. I hate those people who upload their photos on social media, and rate how pretty they are on the scale of 1 to 10. In reality, they know how ugly they're. This is why they upload pics try to gain sympathy as they're pretty. Hahahahahah; see, this is how I judge people. I'm a narcissist. I mind my own business, and so should you.
Hell, it was really tough to complete the list. I'm glad that I did it finally.
No, not “alien invaders” as defined by Mulder and Scully (although, the truth is still out there). This month at Science on Tap, Dr. Amy Freestone, Assistant Professor of Biology at Temple University, will chat about the introduction of non-native species to ecosystems. Think kudzu or the snakehead fish, not ET.
Some of these invasive species aren't harmful, but some can have devastating effects on their new homes. Dr. Freestone will discuss her fieldwork in the North Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea and her search to understand the dynamics of marine invasions across the Americas, Europe, and Australia.
Science on Tap is a monthly series of informal presentations by scientists and other experts. They're held at National Mechanics on the second Monday of every month and are a great way to geek out over different topics.
Science on Tap @ National Mechanics
Monday, September 10th at 6 pm
www.scienceontapphilly.com
National Mechanics
22 South 3rd Street Philadelphia, PA 19106
(215) 701-4883
www.nationalmechanics.com
One year ago today, as Seattle was in the middle of a summer without much warmth, I published a blog counting the minutes Seattle had over 80 degrees as a way to quantify just how cool it had been, especially compared to the rest of the nation, which had come to learn the term "heat dome" and what days of 100+ degree weather was like.
The answer was 78 minutes, and it became a mantra of the summer.
I kept up with the count again this year due to popular demand, figuring for sure we'd easily surpass that mark by now. I mean, how can you really go less than about an hour of summer?
Guess what, Seattle. We did.
The number of minutes Seattle has been over 80 so far this year is 50 minutes.
That's according to the thermometer at the University of Washington Atmospheric Sciences Department which, unlike Sea-Tac Airport, keeps an actual minute-by-minute log of the weather station atop their roof on the Seattle campus.
And since the UW is in the heart of Seattle, while Sea-Tac Airport is more like the lower-left shin, I figure this could be an accurate representation of what a true Seattle person would have felt this summer. I chose 80 since that's what I figured most Seattleites would consider a truly warm, summer day.
We have hit that 80 mark just three times at UW, tallying 18 minutes on July 8, eight more minutes on July 11, and 24 on July 12. UW has yet to reach 81. (Sea-Tac has reached 83, but even at 83, this is the fourth-latest we've gone into a summer -- soon to be third latest -- at Sea-Tac without being warmer than 83 by this point.)
The tally wasn't meant as a complaint about our summers -- indeed, Seattle is unique in that there is a sizable percentage of the population who would be just fine if the tally always remained less than an episode of Grey's Anatomy. (There are cities this year that have gone nights where it didn't get under 80.) It was just a way to take our experiences of frequent clouds and infrequent trips to the beach and put it into something tangible. And I was quite surprised the number was less this year than last year.
But you know what? I'd think most Seattleites would feel that while this summer won't get any sunshine trophies, it hasn't been quite as "un-summer-like" as last year, although the statistics are somewhat similar between the two years:
(Note these stats are for Sea-Tac Airport which reports more parameters for their climate data than UW)
Maybe it's the fact that we've had a few more days over 75 this July (10 vs 7)? Both July 1-17 periods had three days in the 80s, but this year has had five days between 77-79 (so close!) while 2011 just had one.
So, say, had I picked 77 instead of 80 as the measuring stick, 2012 would have a decent lead over 2011. Another telling statistic is that July 2011 had 10 overcast days while 2012 has had only 4 so far - meaning we've had more sunshine this year. It's also been quite muggy with the spate of thunderstorms this week, making it even feel warmer than the thermometer showed.
All this despite the fact that 2012's June was cooler and wetter than 2011's.
Or maybe it was our unprecedented streak of sunny weekends in March and April? It was a bit warmer this spring at times than last spring, so maybe we didn't have as much cumulative angst this year.
Or am I wrong? Does this summer feel even less summer-like than last year?
An informal poll on my Facebook page found that 58 percent of people think this summer is about the same, with 25 percent thinking it's better and the rest, even worse than 2011.
What do you think? Have we had more "summer" this year despite what the numbers say? Answer in the comment field below.
And I'll keep tracking each day's tally on Twitter @SummerMinutes. Last year, we did get some warmer weather later in the season, especially September, that brought the final total to a respectable 3,323 minutes. We'll see if 2012 can come from behind.
---
Get timely updates and learn other neat facts about Seattle area weather by following me on Twitter @ScottSKOMO and on Facebook.
SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- Sheila Bair, chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., has proposed modifying millions of mortgages to prevent foreclosure.
However, changing home loans like this doesn't always prevent problems, according to Lender Processing Services LPS, -16.67% which processes mortgage payments and tracks roughly 39 million of the 50 million outstanding home loans in the market.
Bair said the FDIC's modification plan would cost $24.4 billion and proposed that some of the Treasury's $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program be used to pay for it. See related story.
The FDIC has already modified more than 5,000 delinquent mortgages owned or serviced by failed lender IndyMac IDMCQ and Bair's broader proposal is modeled on those efforts.
Under the IndyMac program, eligible homeowners have been offered more affordable monthly payments through reduced interest rates on the loans, extended amortization and deferred principal payments.
Lender Processing Services told analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods that the results of such modification are often uninspiring.
"Industry evidence indicates that in a majority of instances loan modifications simply delay the timeline from default to foreclosure but don't prevent them from taking place," Nathaniel Otis and William Clark, analysts at KBW, wrote in a note to investors on Tuesday.
For the industry in general, after mortgages are modified roughly 25% go delinquent again after just one post-modification payment and more than half end up delinquent after several post-modification payments, Lender Processing Services told the analysts.
The FDIC's broader modification proposal assumes a re-default rate of roughly 33% -- about 2.22 million mortgages would be altered to avoid 1.5 million foreclosures, according to the plan. The government would share up to half of the losses from re-defaults with lenders and investors.
To qualify for the plan, borrowers would need to make six consecutive payments. This eliminates early-payment defaults - a trend that has inflated industry-wide default data, FDIC spokesman Andrew Gray noted.
Bair said on Tuesday that the FDIC's IndyMac efforts have already prevented "many foreclosures that would have been costly to the FDIC and to investors."
Under the FDIC, IndyMac has mailed more than 23,000 loan modification proposals to borrowers, and will mail over 7,000 more soon, Bair added. That's in addition to more than 5,000 mortgages that have already been modified.
On average, the modifications have cut each borrower's monthly payment by more than $380, or 23% of the monthly payment on principal and interest, she reported.
"Over the next two years, an estimated 4 [million] to 5 million mortgage loans will enter foreclosure if nothing is done," she said. "The stakes are too high to rely exclusively on industry commitments to apply more streamlined loan modification protocols."
The internal models of Lender Processing Services suggest that the number of foreclosures will continue to rise through 2010 before peaking in 2011, the KBW analysts reported.
Foreclosures six months ago were mostly associated with bad loans, but now job losses are increasingly the cause in newer foreclosure notifications, Lender Processing Services also noted.
When the ball went up to begin the 2003-04 NBA season, the Detroit Pistons seemed to have all of the pieces necessary for a run deep into the playoffs…except support from NBA experts as a legitimate contender. The club had won 50 games in each of the previous two seasons. In addition to core players Richard Hamilton, Chauncey Billups, Tayshaun Prince, Ben Wallace, Corliss Williamson, Chucky Atkins, and Mehmet Okur, the team added Elden Campbell, Bob Sura, Darvin Ham, first round draft pick Darko Milicic, and resigned former Piston Lindsey Hunter. President Joe Dumars had assembled a balanced team that could dominate in the paint or the perimeter, play defense and rebound. Sound familiar? It should. This team was created in the image of its leader and his great “Bad Boy” teams of the late 1980's. In the role of Chuck Daly, Dumars signed Hall-of-Famer Larry Brown as head coach.
Coach Brown was known throughout the basketball world for his focus on defense and rebounding. Though the Pistons previous coach Rick Carlisle had the same focus, Coach Brown brought over 30 years experience to the Pistons bench. Though he had never won a championship on the professional level (he won an NCAA Championship in 1988 with Kansas), many felt that his knowledge, combined with the talent on the roster would take the Pistons to new heights.
The early season did nothing to change those expectations. After an Opening Night loss to the Indiana Pacers and former Pistons head coach Rick Carlisle, the Pistons ran off five consecutive wins, including an impressive win against the defending Eastern Conference champion New Jersey Nets. After a three game road losing streak, the Pistons won nine of their next eleven games. As 2003 rolled into 2004, the Pistons got hot, matching a club record winning streak of 13 games. Over the next six weeks, the team sandwiched three- and six-game losing streaks around four consecutive wins. As the trade deadline approached, the club needed another player or two to add some consistency. On February 19, President Joe Dumars found the answers.
In a move that still confounds many, Dumars managed to acquire All-Star forward Rasheed Wallace from Atlanta and Mike James from Boston for Bob Sura, Zeljko Rebraca, Chucky Atkins, Lindsey Hunter, two draft picks and cash. Dumars had acquired a proven inside player, while clearing $9-10 million in salary cap space. Just one week later, Lindsey Hunter was placed on waivers and resigned by the Pistons. Rasheed Wallace was just what the team needed. The team finished the season winning 20 of its final 26 games, while setting two NBA records, five straight games holding teams under 70 points and winning eight straight games by at least 15 points. When the regular season ended, the Pistons had the second best record in the Eastern Conference at 58-24.
First up for the Pistons was the Milwaukee Bucks. After a 26-point victory in Game One, the Bucks bounced back to win Game Two 92-88 and steal the home court advantage. With the Pistons trailing by 10 midway through the second quarter of Game Three, Tayshaun Prince blocked Toni Kukoc's breakaway dunk attempt. During the next 90 seconds, Prince scored seven consecutive points, helping the Pistons to a 95-85 win. After winning Game Four in Milwaukee, Prince took over The Palace during Game Five, scoring a career playoff-high 24 points, and adding nine rebounds, eight assists and two steals as the Pistons clinched the series. Next in line were the defending Eastern Conference champion New Jersey Nets. Not only did the Pistons want to avenge the 2003 Eastern Conference Championship sweep at the hands of the Nets, the Nets also broke the Pistons streak of five consecutive games allowing under 70 points. Though the Nets had lost the game by 18 points, they did so laughing and celebrating on the bench.
The Pistons went right to work, holding the Nets to a franchise low19 field goals in a 78-56 Game One victory. The Pistons also turned up the defense in the second half of Game Two, outscoring the Nets 61-34, en route to a 95-80 victory. As the series moved to New Jersey, the roles of the individual teams changed. It was the Nets who supplied the defensive intensity and the offensive effort, winning both Games Three and Four to even the series at two. Game Five at The Palace was an instant classic. With the Pistons trailing by three, Chauncey Billups hit a 40-foot three pointers of the glass to send the game into overtime. By the end of the third, yes, third overtime, all ten starters except Billups had fouled out. The Nets won the thriller 127-120 to take a three games to two lead heading back to New Jersey. Led by bench players Mike James, Lindsey Hunter, and Mehmet Okur, the Pistons went on a 27-11 second quarter run and held on to win Game Six 81-75. This series had now come down to a single game at the Palace. The game, however, would not live up to the hype of the last four. The Pistons began the second half with a 17-4 run and won the game going away, 90-69. Awaiting the Pistons in the Eastern Conference Finals were Central Division rivals the Indiana Pacers and former Pistons head coach Rick Carlisle.
Right from the opening tip of Game One, everyone knew that this series was going to be a defensive battle. A late Reggie Miller three-pointer helped seal a 78-74 Game One victory for the Pacers. Realizing that his poor Game One shooting performance was one of the culprits in the loss, Rasheed Wallace proclaimed his now famous Game Two guarantee. “They will not win Game Two. I guarantee it. You can write it.” Game Two was moving in the same direction as the previous tilt, a defensive struggle for both clubs. With the Pistons leading 69-67 with under 30 second to play in the game, Reggie Miller came away with a loose ball and streaked for what seemed like an easy lay-up. As Miller elevated, the long left arm of Tayshaun Prince came from seemingly nowhere to make what is now simply known as “The Block,” preserving the Pistons 72-69 Game Two victory. Led by Rasheed Wallace and Rip Hamilton's 20 points each, the Pistons returned to The Palace to win Game Three. The Pistons followed that with perhaps their worst performance on the playoffs, losing 83-68. The roles reversed as the teams went back to Indianapolis for Game Five. The Pacers had no answer for Richard Hamilton's 33 points in a 83-65 Pistons win. Game Six was the ultimate in defensive intensity. The Pistons struggled to a 69-65 win to advance to their first NBA Finals since 1990. Their opponents would again be the Los Angeles Lakers.
Unlike the 1989 championship run, this group was heavy underdogs. This Pistons team was made of no-name players who relied on defense, passing, and team play to be successful. They faced a Lakers team that started four future Hall-of-Famers and was led by a 10-time NBA Champion head coach in Phil Jackson. There was no one on the planet, who believed that the Pistons could win this series. That is, except the ones who mattered, the Pistons.
The series began with a 87-75 Pistons win in Los Angeles. They won this game just as they had all season, with contributions from every player on the roster. The Lakers on the other hand got just 16 points from any player not named Kobe or Shaq. The Lakers faced a must-win situation in Game Two. With the 2-3-2 NBA Finals format, they could not afford to go to Detroit facing a 2-0 deficit. Game Two seemed to be in hand with the Pistons leading by three in the finals seconds. Then, with 2.1 seconds on the clock, Kobe Bryant hit a game-tying three pointers to send the game into overtime. The Lakers dominated the extra frame, ultimately winning 99-91. As the series moved to Detroit, the Pistons received an incredible lift from the deafening sound of fans banging 44,000 thundersticks at The Palace. The Pistons dominated the Lakers, winning Game Three 88-68.
As Game Four began, people began to realize that maybe a 13-man team can defeat four guys; perhaps previous championship experience doesn't mean much. Players and fans could see the Lakers starting to break, each player believing that he, individually, could win the game. The Pistons had exposed the Lakers in winning the game 88-80. The Lakers had no answer for Chauncey Billups. They were fighting both in the media and on the court. A win in Game Five would have given the Pistons not only their third championship in franchise history, but given the fans their first opportunity to witness a championship celebration at The Palace, as both previous rings were clinched on the road. By halftime, everyone knew the celebration was just a matter of time. Leading 55-45 at the break, the Pistons had essentially wrestled the Lakers into submission. When the final buzzer sounded, the scoreboard said 100-87, but the result was so much bigger.
Chauncey Billups became the first non-All-Star to win NBA Finals MVP since 1989 when Joe Dumars accomplished the feat. The 1990 Bad Boys were the first team to win all three road games in the 2-3-2 format. The 2004 Pistons were the first team to win all three games at home. Larry Brown became the first coach to win both an NCAA and an NBA Championship.
Joe Dumars had created a team in his image, a team that won with defense, rebounding and timely shooting. As players, the Bad Boys seemed to always be trying to prove that toughness, defense, and teamwork was the way to win championships. This team was no different. Each player had his own story of trials and tribulations to get to this point. Dumars had assembled a team of players who wanted to prove that they belonged. Not only did they belong, the believed that they could be champions. These guys played the “Pistons Way” just as the Bad Boys had years earlier.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 14, 2017, 12:29 AM GMT / Updated Dec. 14, 2017, 4:37 PM GMT By Daniel Arkin
Three women have accused hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons of rape, The New York Times reported on Wednesday — allegations that the Def Jam Records co-founder vehemently denies.
All of the women went on the record and allowed The Times to use their names.
One accuser, a former executive at the Def Jam music label, claims he raped her in 1995, The Times reported. A second, a performer who Simmons once managed, alleges Simmons raped her in the early 1990s. And a third, a music journalist who briefly dated Simmons, accuses him of raping her in the fall of 1988.
Simmons, 60, denied the allegations, saying in a statement provided to NBC News on Wednesday: "These horrific accusations have shocked me to my core and all of my relations have been consensual."
Russell Simmons on July 17, 2017 in New York. Michael Loccisano / Getty Images
"I have enormous respect for the women's movement worldwide and their struggle for respect, dignity, equality and power," he added.
The successful producer and businessman had previously announced he would step down from his companies following two other accusations of sexual misconduct.
Related: Since Weinstein, here's the list of men accused of sexual misconduct
Jenny Lumet, a former actress and screenwriter of the film "Rachel Getting Married," wrote in The Hollywood Reporter last month that Simmons forced her into a sexual encounter in the early 1990s, when she was 24.
Keri Claussen Khalighi, a model, told The Los Angeles Times last month that Simmons made aggressive sexual advances on her in 1991, when she was 17. He coerced her to have oral sex and penetrated her in a shower without her consent, she claims.
"I have already apologized for the instances of thoughtlessness in my consensual relations. I have separated myself from my businesses and charities in order to not become a distraction," Simmons said in his statement Wednesday.
Drew Dixon, the former Def Jam executive, told The Times that Simmons would talk graphically about how she aroused him, asked her to sit on his lap at a staff meeting, regularly exposed his erect penis, and raped her in his Manhattan apartment.
In a statement given to NBC News, Dixon said: "For the first time in 22 years, I am waking up to a world where the abuse I suffered during my career is finally in my past," adding that she hoped sharing her story would inspire other women in the music industry to come forward.
Tina Baker, the singer who Simmons managed in the early 1990s, alleges he invited her back to his apartment to discuss her career, only to then pour her drinks, try to kiss her, get on top of her, "pushing me down and him saying, 'Don't fight me.'"
Toni Sallie, a journalist for the trade publication Black Radio Exclusive, met Simmons while on assignment in 1987 and went on a few dates with him, before she decided to stop seeing him. A few months later, she said, Simmons invited her to his apartment for a party. But once there, Sallie found Simmons alone, and he then allegedly pushed her on a bed, jumped on her and "physically attacked" her.
The three women who spoke to The Times said they decided to come forward with their accusations after Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein was accused of serial sexual harassment and assault over decades.
"I still cry," Sallie told the newspaper. "I'm happy that the truth is coming out. I'm ready."
The stratosphere is an area of our athmosphere ranging from about 10 to 50 kilometers in altitude. It's a very strange place. If you where to fly at about 30 kilometers high above, the ground, your conditions would be more similar to what you would find in Mars than to our usual ones. Air pressure is about 1% of the one we are used to, and temperature is around 30-50 degrees below zero.
Most of the athmosphere is below you, and for this reason the sky is black even during the day. Also, from that altitude the curvature of the horizon begins being noticeable, and the Earth starts appearing as a large ball.
Surprisingly, recent evolutions in technology have made it relatively easy to send a camera there, take photos and come back safe to earth.
All you need is a weather balloon (scores of them are launched every day to collect information for weather forecasts), a small parachute, a GPS sending data to a computer that transmits its co-ordinates to earth, and of course a camera. While the ballon rises in height, the air is always less dense, and the balloon expands.
When you arrive to a certain altitude (usually just above 30km) the balloon has exanded so much that it suddenly bursts and your capsule falls back to ground, slowed by the parachute. By rushing to the co-ordinates that are sent back via radio, you (hopefully) recover the capsule, the camera and the photos.
Before its portfolio of bad loans helped trigger the current housing crisis, mortgage giant Freddie Mac was the focus of a major accounting scandal that led to a management shake-up, huge fines and scalding condemnation of passive directors by a top federal regulator.
One of those allegedly asleep-at-the-switch board members was Chicago's Rahm Emanuel—now chief of staff to President Barack Obama—who made at least $320,000 for a 14-month stint at Freddie Mac that required little effort.
As gatekeeper to Obama, Emanuel now plays a critical role in addressing the nation's mortgage woes and fulfilling the administration's pledge to impose responsibility on the financial world.
Emanuel's Freddie Mac involvement has been a prominent point on his political résumé, and his healthy payday from the firm has been no secret either. What is less known, however, is how little he apparently did for his money and how he benefited from the kind of cozy ties between Washington and Wall Street that have fueled the nation's current economic mess.
Though just 49, Emanuel is a veteran Democratic strategist and fundraiser who served three terms in the U.S. House after helping elect Mayor Richard Daley and former President Bill Clinton. The Freddie Mac money was a small piece of the $16 million he made in a three-year interlude as an investment banker a decade ago.
In business as in politics, Emanuel has cultivated an aggressive, take-charge reputation that made him rich and propelled his rise to the front of the national stage. But buried deep in corporate and government documents on the Freddie Mac scandal is a little-known and very different story involving Emanuel.
He was named to the Freddie Mac board in February 2000 by Clinton, whom Emanuel had served as White House political director and vocal defender during the Whitewater and Monica Lewinsky scandals.
The board met no more than six times a year. Unlike most fellow directors, Emanuel was not assigned to any of the board's working committees, according to company proxy statements. Immediately upon joining the board, Emanuel and other new directors qualified for $380,000 in stock and options plus a $20,000 annual fee, records indicate.
On Emanuel's watch, the board was told by executives of a plan to use accounting tricks to mislead shareholders about outsize profits the government-chartered firm was then reaping from risky investments. The goal was to push earnings onto the books in future years, ensuring that Freddie Mac would appear profitable on paper for years to come and helping maximize annual bonuses for company brass.
The accounting scandal wasn't the only one that brewed during Emanuel's tenure.
During his brief time on the board, the company hatched a plan to enhance its political muscle. That scheme, also reviewed by the board, led to a record $3.8 million fine from the Federal Election Commission for illegally using corporate resources to host fundraisers for politicians. Emanuel was the beneficiary of one of those parties after he left the board and ran in 2002 for a seat in Congress from the North Side of Chicago.
The board was throttled for its acquiescence to the accounting manipulation in a 2003 report by Armando Falcon Jr., head of a federal oversight agency for Freddie Mac. The scandal forced Freddie Mac to restate $5 billion in earnings and pay $585 million in fines and legal settlements. It also foreshadowed even harder times at the firm.
Many of those same risky investment practices tied to the accounting scandal eventually brought the firm to the brink of insolvency and led to its seizure last year by the Bush administration, which pledged to inject up to $100 billion in new capital to keep the firm afloat. The Obama administration has doubled that commitment.
Freddie Mac reported recently that it lost $50 billion in 2008. It so far has tapped $14 billion of the government's guarantee and said it soon will need an additional $30 billion to keep operating.
Like its larger government-chartered cousin Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac was created by Congress to promote home ownership, though both are private corporations with shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The two firms hold stakes in half the nation's residential mortgages.
Because of Freddie Mac's federal charter, the board in Emanuel's day was a hybrid of directors elected by shareholders and those appointed by the president.
In his final year in office, Clinton tapped three close pals: Emanuel, Washington lobbyist and golfing partner James Free, and Harold Ickes, a former White House aide instrumental in securing the election of Hillary Clinton to the U.S. Senate. Free's appointment was good for four months, and Ickes' only three months.
Eärendil means 'Lover of the Sea' in Tolkien's invented language of Quenya. However, Tolkien borrowed the name from Old English literature. Tolkien states (Letters, 297) that the name comes from Anglo-Saxon éarendel. He was struck by its "great beauty" c. 1913, which he perceived as
entirely coherent with the normal style of A-S, but euphonic to a peculiar degree in that pleasing but not 'delectable' language.
There is a poem by Tolkien dated to 1914 entitled "The Voyage of Eärendel the Evening Star" (published in The Book of Lost Tales 2 267–269). Tolkien was also aware of the name's Germanic cognates (Old Norse Aurvandill, Lombardic Auriwandalo), and the question why the Anglo-Saxon one rather than the Lombardic or Proto-Germanic form should be taken up in the mythology is alluded to in The Notion Club Papers. The Old Norse together with the Anglo-Saxon evidence point to an astronomical myth, the name referring to a star, or a group of stars, and the Anglo-Saxon in particular points to the morning staras the herald of the rising Sun (in Crist Christianized to refer to John the Baptist).
Tolkien was particularly inspired by the lines in the Crist written by Cynewulf:[1]
"Hail Earendel, brightest of angels, over Middle-earth to men sent"
which can be taken as the inspiration not only for the role of Eärendil in Tolkien's work, but also for the term Middle-earth (translating Middangeard) for the inhabitable lands (c.f. Midgard).
The first line is paralleled by Frodo Baggins' exclamation in The Two Towers (the line appears in The Return of the King in the Peter Jackson films), Aiya Eärendil Elenion Ancalima! which is Quenya, and translates to "Hail Eärendil, brightest of stars!" Frodo's exclamation was in reference to the 'Star-glass' he carried, which contained the light of Eärendil's star, the Silmaril.
Everyone:
I apologize for acting so salty lately. I don't know the reason behind it, but most of my posts of late have been extra snarky. I love the forum, and making new things with you all especially, but I think maybe I'm just tired of all the drama, which has seemed to me to permeate the atmosphere here recently. I will try and do more from my end to lessen the drama, and not to encourage it.
Sincerely,
JD
Or you can ignore it by just not opening the threads that obviously contain drama. I know it's often tempting to go see what's the new drama debate, but on the long run ignoring them is just better for your mental state.And adding a joke once in a while in a more serious thread can be fun too as long as it is done with taste and presented as a joke. The hard part is to make it look like a joke considering a cultural gap. I usually try to mention the word joke in mines most of the time since if I don't someone ends up taking it too seriously.
We launched Galaxy back around the beginning of 2014 with the intent of creating a place for the community to find and share Ansible roles.
Since that time some truly amazing things have happened including: tremendous growth in the Ansible community, huge successes with Tower, and the steady growth of our company to name just a few. During this time Galaxy grew as well, reaching more than 16,000 users and over 3,000 Ansible roles.
Galaxy as a web site and an application, however, changed very little since the early part of 2014. The home page looks almost exactly as it did the day we launched the site. About the only thing we changed was removing the BETA label and maybe fixing a bug or two.
Well, I'm happy to announce that this is changing. Galaxy will now get the attention it deserves - the attention our community and users deserve. Starting 4 weeks ago we officially made the decision and commitment to treat Galaxy as a product. Galaxy is now on a regular release schedule, and we have a team in place, dedicated to building Galaxy. Our first release launches today. Yay!
From this point forward Ansible is committed to making Galaxy a truly useful and valuable resource for our community. Our goal is to make Galaxy the source for really good Ansible roles - roles that make starting an automation project easier and faster; and roles that showcase Ansible best practices. Galaxy will be a source of help to new Ansible community members, enabling them to get up and running faster. And, we see Galaxy as a way to forge connections between the Ansible community and other open source software communities by providing Ansible roles, documentation and tools that make installation and configuration simple.
To make this happen our team is already putting the pieces in place. We're building continuous integration to automate future builds and releases. We're laying the groundwork to build automated testing. We're actively fixing bugs and working on enhancements. And, most importantly, we opened a public issue tracker on Github to encourage the community to track our progress and provide feedback. Anyone can report a bug, make a suggestion and comment on our backlog items.
We're off to a good start already with some much overdue bug fixes and enhancements in this first release, including:
Style and page layout redesigns to make navigation easier.
Improved documentation.
Limiting contribution to Github connected accounts only, allowing for tighter Github integration in the future.
Made it easier to see overall rating for a role.
Made it easier to add a rating.
Search roles by platform
Show search results in descending order automatically when sorting by creation date or highest score.
Provide visual cues while the system is retrieving data.
And we're not taking a break. We're already thinking about future releases of Galaxy and kicking around potential items for the road map:
More UI enhancements to make it easier to find and discover
Tighter integration with Github
Linting roles - to enforce minimum standards
Dynamic testing of roles - to improve quality
Travis integration
Add a role download count
Search Galaxy with the ansible-galaxy command line tool
Track module usage by role
It's amazing to think about where Ansible has come from and all the great successes we've had these last couple years. But we're not done yet. We're continuing to move forward, and we're bringing Galaxy with us fullsteam.
The Galaxy team is excited and committed to getting it right. Check out the new site, and share your thoughts on the issue tracker. Give us your honest feedback; report bugs; share your ideas for future enhancements, and join us as we work hard and continue to improve.
As British Prime Minister Theresa May plans a Brexit from the EU, Americans may soon ask what kind of exit we want from another international institution.
In our case, the organization is not the European Union, but the United Nations. Earlier this month, Senators Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) introduced a bill to block taxpayer dollars from going to the UN. These senators, like many Americans, are incensed by a recent anti-Israel resolution adopted by the world body. But the US' problems with the UN run deeper than one bad resolution. They are endemic to the institution. At some point, our elected leaders will ask whether the time has come not just to defund, but also to depart — and then replace the UN with something better.
That point may come sooner rather than later.
Today — Monday, January 23 — journalist Edwin Black is launching a national conversation about United Nations reform. At a major noon-time event in the Rayburn House Office Building on Capitol Hill, I will be pleased to join Black, US Representative Trent Franks and other concerned leaders in the launch of a new project called “The Covenant of Democratic Nations” (CDN). The event coincides with the first full workday of a new presidential administration. Additional events are planned for New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Berlin, London, Ottawa and many other cities.
More of a conversation than an institution or a treaty, the CDN asks us to consider whether the time has arrived to fundamentally rethink our involvement with international institutions.
The United Nations was established seven decades ago, in the aftermath of the Nazi horrors, to free the world from the scourge of war, to promote social progress, to encourage treaty compliance and, in the language of the United Nations Charter, “to reaffirm faith in fundamental human rights, in the dignity and worth of the human person, in the equal rights of men and women and of nations large and small.”
Yet, in the ensuing years, this corrupt, ineffective and biased body has failed at all of these goals — but none more sadly than its pursuit of fundamental human rights.
In retrospect, the UN's basic problems were probably unavoidable from the start, given that the institution is by design primarily a congress of undemocratic, corrupt and ineffective nations. Consider that the 2017 elected membership of the UN Human Rights Council includes Burundi, China, Cuba, Iraq, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Venezuela and the United Arab Emirates.
In its one-sided obsession with Israel, the United Nations has largely disregarded serious human rights violations the world over. The UN, founded with such high hopes, has responded year after year with silence and indifference to persecution, torture and violence. It has done little to nothing to respond to global brutalities and genocides. From the Cambodian genocide to the bloodbath in Syria, the United Nations has proven peculiarly unfit to the task for which it was founded.
The problem with the United Nations is not just its abject failure to accomplish its mission, but also its affirmative wrongdoing. It has condemned one single state in resolution upon resolution. That state is democratic Israel. And through it all, tyrants throughout the rest of the world continue to go ignored.
To paraphrase Hillel Neuer, the UN has become the forum at which those who condone rape lament the rights of Palestinian women; the occupiers of Tibet bemoan the disputed territories West of the Jordan River; the bombers of Yemen castigate the treatment of Gaza; and the murderers of Muslims in Syria claim to care about Muslims in little Israel.
The UN's failings were on display last month with passage of Security Council Resolution 2334, just as those failings were previously on display when the UN passed the infamous 1975 resolution equating Zionism with racism. As then-US Ambassador to the UN Daniel Patrick Moynihan said at the time, “If there were no General Assemblies, this could never have happened.”
Even the UN's boldest critics agree that the UN does some important work. The question is whether other institutions could do it better. In Black's vision, the CDN will review all of the United Nations' treaties and actions. Some could be repealed, others continued and still others strengthened. The result could be a long-overdue rethinking of international law.
This doesn't need to happen all at once. In England, Prime Minister May has chosen a “hard Brexit.” When it comes to the UN, we may have other options, and we may be well-advised to put strong new institutions in place before we withdraw from the old ones. The key however is that we should permit ourselves to think boldly and not feel imprisoned by the international status quo.
Governor Nikki Haley, the US Ambassador-nominee, recently observed, “The United States is the indispensable voice of freedom. It is time that we once again find that voice.” When we do find that voice, we may need to find a better venue in which it should be heard.
Josh Duggar recently confessed to molesting five young girls, including his own sisters, after keeping his atrocious actions a secret for over a decade. His shocking revelation has inspired victims of sexual abuse to speak out, and one such survivor thinks that there were warning signs that something sinister was taking place in the Duggar home.
People recently asked Deondra and Desirae Brown to share their thoughts about what Josh Duggar did, and Desirae claimed that the warning signs were plain as day on 19 Kids and Counting. Desirae and Deondra previously made headlines by performing with The 5 Browns, their family's classical piano ensemble. In 2011, the girls revealed that their father had sexually molested them when they were children. Desirae Brown has watched 19 Kids and Counting, and she revealed that the show set off warning bells for her.
“I remember watching the show and mentioning to friends and family that I feel something is off and something will come out,” Desirae told People.
A few of the “red flags” she noticed were “controlling parents, very submissive children and an isolated environment.”
Desirae pointed out that Josh Duggar's parents created the perfect environment for a sexual predator by isolating their children from other adults who could have helped them. The Duggars are homeschooled, so they don't have any teachers or school counselors to confide in if something is amiss at home. The 5 Browns were also homeschooled and isolated, and they were brought up in a religious household (the family is Mormon). The Brown siblings' mother is still married to their father.
During an interview with the Daily Beast, Desirae Brown talked about how difficult it is to speak out about being sexually abused by a family member. It's likely that Josh Duggar's victims endured a very similar struggle.
“I was worried our family would get torn apart… I didn't want to be taken away from my siblings. It all seems so scary, and so it paralyzes you. It is a part of you that becomes damaged—you just shove it away into some back closet somewhere and you try to move on with your life.”
The Brown daughters also know what it's like to see family members defend their abuser.
“It almost broke us to know that we didn't get the support from people we had loved and respected our whole lives,” Desirae revealed.
As the Inquisitr previously reported, both of Jessa Duggar's in-laws, Michael Seewald and Guinn Seewald, have defended Josh Duggar.
“Abusers are just selfish. In the end, they only want what they want,” Desirae Brown said.
Josh's selfishness shines through in the molestation confession that was shared on the Duggar Family Facebook page — he muses about how his actions could ruin his life, but he expresses no concern about the futures of his victims.
Unlike Josh Duggar, the Brown sisters' father was actually prosecuted for what he did, and he's currently serving 10 years-to-life in prison. There was no statute of limitations in Utah, so the girls were able to come forward long after their father committed his crimes. Now the Brown sisters are working to get all states to remove their statute of limitations laws — if there had been no such law in place at the time Josh Duggar's crimes finally came to light, he could have been prosecuted for molesting his sisters.
The Brown girls aren't the only survivors speaking out about the Josh Duggar molestation scandal. Erin Merryn, the founder of Erin's Law, recently chatted to CNN's Don Lemon about the Duggars. According to the Huffington Post, Merryn was sexually abused by a family member when she was a child, and her horrific experience led her to push for the passing of a law that “demands sexual abuse education for children.” According to Merryn, Erin's Law has been passed in 23 states.
Erin Merryn actually went to the Duggar's house to talk to the family about sexual abuse a year ago, but the family didn't say anything to her about the molestation that had taken place under their own roof. The Duggars invited Erin to talk to their children after meeting her at a child abuse conference, and she commended them for asking her to encourage their kids to speak up if they're ever abused. She told Don Lemon that she didn't sense that anything was wrong during her visit.
“I didn't have the slightest suspicion that anything – no weird feelings or anything when I went into their home.”
Erin says that she doesn't “hold onto anger” about what Josh Duggar did, and she believes that his victims are being re-victimized because the media keeps focusing on the scandal.
“This is bringing it all up into their face again,” Erin said. “The best thing we can do is give them their privacy and allow them to heal.”
However, if 19 Kids and Counting doesn't get canceled, Erin Merryn hopes that the Duggars don't simply try to sweep Josh Duggar's sexual molestation scandal under the rug — she'd like to see the family use their show to raise awareness about sexual abuse.
Deandra and Desirae Brown also appeared on Don Lemon's show to talk about the Josh Duggar molestation scandal, and you can check out their interview below. They offer more insight into the victims' point of view and the shame and humiliation that they feel, and they share their hopes for the girls who were abused by Josh Duggar.
[Image credit: CNN]
On at least 10 separate occasions, President Obama's critics have raised the prospect of various controversies constituting “Obama's Watergate.” In reality, none of these stories actually amounted to a legitimate scandal – worse yet a crisis along the lines of Watergate – but the incessant search for an elusive White House scandal led to an unfortunate cliche.
Making matters slightly worse, it's not the only misplaced historical parallel in frequent circulation
Via the Washington Free Beacon, I see that USA Today's Susan Page used the K-word when the subject of an Obama visit to Texas came up on MSNBC's Daily Rundown. “It's a Katrina moment, right?” said Page. “He's going to a fundraiser, and not going to the border where there's a crisis?”
The video of the comments are online here .
On the substance, it's fair to characterize the humanitarian crisis at the border as a crisis, but to compare it to the Bush/Cheney response to Hurricane Katrina is a tough sell. It's not as if the recent immigration problem is a result of the Obama administration's neglect and indifference. For that matter, there's nothing to suggest the president's literal, physical presence at the border would actually affect the circumstances at all.
But the comparison appears even more misplaced when one considers just how often Americans have been confronted by chatter about “Obama's Katrina.”
It was just last fall when Ron Fournier insisted troubles with healthcare.gov were comparable to the Katrina disaster – an argument that appeared painfully foolish at the time, and which looks even worse with the benefit of hindsight.
These days it is fashionable to use Katrina as a discursive tool. In March 2009, Frank Rich wondered if AIG bonuses would become Obama's “Katrina moment.” A few months later Politico reported that “Republicans hope General Motors is President Obama's Hurricane Katrina,” only to be topped by the Washington Times, which asked, “Will Swine Flu Be Obama's Katrina?” By January of this year the Wall Street Journal readily declared that the Haiti earthquake was Obama's Katrina, while Arianna Huffington recently assured readers that it was jobs, not the BP oil spill, that would be Obama's Katrina.
As we talked about last year, I can appreciate why Bush's failures – like Nixon's – resonate in the public consciousness. Presidents come and go, but the truly awful chief executives leave their inimitable mark on Americans' memories, so it's understandable that their greatest catastrophes linger in our minds and serve as convenient rhetorical touchstones.
( 5 out of 5) What a Great Carbine!
by Scott from Way West of Chicago, IL on April 23, 2018
I had been looking at this rifle since its release was announced last year. It finally became available for rent at my local range, and after shooting 50 rounds through it, I really wanted to add one to my collection. Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore had it as a pre-order item. So I got in line expecting to have to wait for a couple months. I was really surprised when I got an email 11 days later saying my order had been fulfilled! Two days after that I picked it up from my FFL.
The first thing I did when I got it home was to add another spacer to the stock to accommodate my long arms. The next thing I did was to move the magazine release to the right side because I shoot rifles left-handed. I also installed the Glock mag-well adapter and a reasonably-priced red-dot sight: A Bushnell Custom, also from Sportsman's. My wife and I took it to the range the next day. What a nice, soft-shooting, rifle! We shot over a hundred rounds of Federal American Eagle 115 FMJ without a single issue. I took it to the range again a week later and shot 60 rounds of the same ammo as last time and also a box of Winchester NATO 124 FMJ rounds. I really couldn't tell the difference shooting the hotter ammo I can in a pistol. One of the NATO rounds did jam and couldn't be chambered after that. I'll chalk that up to the rifle not being fully broken-in yet.
This is a really sweet shooting rifle! Very accurate and seems to be quite reliable. I noticed that this rifle tends to eject the spent casings somewhat forward, which I wasn't expecting. It's actually kind of nice because the shells would land in front of the shooting table and I never got hit with one bouncing off the wall of the lane. I don't know if they all do that, but mine does. Something else I noticed is that the barrel cools down quicker since its fluted. It's pretty easy to clean because you can disconnect the barrel from the rest of the firearm.
All-in-all, I highly recommend this carbine.
Software development isn't just about the code we write. It also spans the many situations, experiences, and new knowledge we encounter when we write code.
Funny thing is we can't seem to directly recall or reflect on that stuff very easily. This is no more apparent than we just finished a whole bunch coding and just seem to draw a blank when writing a commit message.
How can we improve a developer's ability to recall and reflect over recent coding experiences? Can we keep better tally over our activities and even curate and share them?
Timelines
Timeline events include uncaught exceptions:
Collected History
How the system works: Every code change is submitted to a local git repository.
Uncaught exceptions and caught exceptions that hit a breakpoint are logged. Navigation, searches, code copied and pasted from the web are also logged. External data such as SVN/GIT repositories and local browser history are integrated into the history.
Temporally close events are organized into “bubbles”. Each bubble represents an important type of event.
A Diff bubble only shows a subset of changed lines by showing the most “interesting” changed lines are selected from the diff (e.g. not an import statement).
Exception bubbles show stacktrace information and the site of the exception.
Web Visit bubbles show stackoverflow questions that were visited.
Commit bubbles show information about a recent commit.
Next steps
Marie Osmond had a bit of an accident on stage during a performance on a Bahamas cruise ship March 2 after an audience member's question had both her and her brother, Donny, laughing hysterically.
We don't know what made her laugh so hard, but Marie erupted into such a fit of laughter that she peed on herself and on the stage.
Osmond wasn't ashamed. Instead, she exclaimed, “I just peed my pants!” and wiped the stage where her little accident took place.
Laughing even harder than before, Donny told the audience: “You really did. We promised you an experience. You got it!”
Follow Alexandra on Twitter
Join the conversation on The Daily Caller
Read more stories from The Daily Caller
Marie Osmond sprinkles when she tinkles on stage
Jon Hamm calls Kim Kardashian a 'f**king idiot'
Alan Grayson tries to throw himself under a bus
Two more congressmen hit Holder for Fast and Furious, 120 now want resignation
Former Rep. Alan Grayson runs red light, injures two in car crash on his way to fundraiser
PORT WASHINGTON, N.Y. (MarketWatch) -- Housing will revive when prices come down to the point where demand rises enough to reduce the huge supply of unsold homes now overhanging the market. That said, this point is a long way off.
Right now, there is at least a 10-month supply of unsold homes at current selling rates. This is twice the average for the nation as a whole. In some markets the supply is even larger.
As a consequence, few new homes are being built. The seasonally adjusted annual rate of new housing starts in the past two months was 1.21 million - two-thirds of last year's average and the smallest for any two-month period in recent memory.
Needless to say, this slowdown in new-home construction is taking its toll on builders, suppliers, labor and sellers of home furnishings, to name a few. And it's not too difficult to see the ripple effects on a wide variety of industries, from retailing to finance.
To whittle this supply to more normal levels, demand has to rise. That will happen when prices fall, since right now, housing prices are much too high relative to family incomes.
Today, median home prices are 3.5 times the size of median annual family incomes. This may be down from the recent peak of 4.2 times incomes reached last year, but it's way above the 2.8 times that home prices averaged during 1984-2000, when lots of homes were bought, sold and built.
And if you think 2.8 is low, check out the early 1970s. That was when home prices were only 2.3 times median family incomes, and housing was selling like gangbusters.
One major homebuilder recently proved that people will buy if the price is right. The firm slashed prices by 20-30% one recent weekend - and wound up selling more than nine times as many homes as it did on previous weekends.
To get prices back to 2.8 times family incomes would require a drop of 20% from today's levels - and this does not take into account interest rates and lending standards.
To equal the affordability of the early 1970s, prices would have to fall a whopping 38%.
Those who say such declines can't happen are ignoring how fast home prices rose in the first half of this decade. In most parts of the country, housing prices doubled during this five-year period while incomes went up only a fraction as much.
Sellers could always hold the line and wait for family incomes to rise. But this clearly won't happen overnight - and, besides, it's a buyer's market and no one wants to buy today knowing that prices might well be lower tomorrow.
After all, when it comes to housing prices, what matters most is not the cost of construction, nor what surrounding homes might be selling for. Simply put, it's affordability.
And until they are more affordable, houses won't sell.
HIAS, the refugee resettlement contractor formerly known as the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society , has redefined “ chutzpah .” HIAS is suing the Trump Administration for supposedly unconstitutionally discriminating by pausing immigration from three predominantly Muslim nations . But religious discrimination, along with reckless refugee resettlement programs, built HIAS. Fortunately, President Trump can stop the argument through executive action, by determining that next year's refugee ceiling should be zero.
Like all refugee contractors, HIAS is not so much a charity as a conduit for taxpayer money. It is paid by the US government more than $20 million a year to prepare “refugees” overseas for travel to the U.S. and then to assist them (somewhat) once they arrive. For this, HIAS CEO Mark Hetfield [Email him] receives some $359,000 annually. Only David Miliband [Email him]of the International Rescue Committee gets more ($592,000) [Updating financial data on refugee contractors, big bucks for ‘humanitarian' work, by Ann Corcoran, Refugee Resettlement Watch, July 11, 2017].
But HIAS, like other refugee resettlement groups, rarely does more than dump their “clients” on public services provided by the various unfortunate target cities before moving on the next set.
HIAS, along with other pro-immivasion groups, declared in its suit:
The Executive Order violates two of our most cherished constitutional protections: the guarantee that the government will not establish, favor, discriminate against, or condemn any religion, and the guarantee of equal protection of the laws…. There is no statutory, regulatory, or constitutional basis for favoring refugees from minority faiths over refugees from majority faiths.
This is completely hypocritical. In fact, since the Refugee Act of 1980 , most of HIAS's “clients” have arrived as a result of a religious test of one sort or another.
At least 400,000 refugees have been admitted to the U.S. on the basis of a religious test: the Lautenberg Amendment, an apparently unkillable relic of the Cold War. During the Soviet era under this law, Jews (as well as a figleaf of Evangelicals and certain Ukrainian Christian denominations) were required only to prove that they were members of the protected religious category. Evidentiary standards for proof of persecution were reduced to near nil.
The numbers coming in under Lautenberg categories dropped sharply after Israel succeeded in diverting the flow of Soviet Jews to Israel in the late 1990s. And, of course, the fall of Communism removed the purpose of the law completely. Nevertheless, it is still on the books and applies today to the Soviet Union's 15 successor states.
The shortage of Jewish refugees “clients” was the main reason HIAS switched from resettling Jews to resettling very different groups. It also dropped the “Hebrew” from its name and is now just identified by a four-letter former acronym. (With HIAS providing “intensive case management” to “lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) refugees” as part of the “Preferred Communities” project, some have suggested that HIAS now means “Homosexual Immigrant Aid Society”).
In 2002, then-HIAS CEO Leonard Glickman answered questioners puzzled by the fact that the contractor was now importing Muslim Somali Bantus by claiming "the more diverse American society is the safer [Jews] are." [Community Questioning 'Open Door', by Nacha Cattan, Jewish Daily Forward, November 29, 2002.]Similarly, HIAS vice president Rabbi Jennie Rosenn [Email her] was quoted recently saying of the Syrian refugee crisis: “This is a profoundly Jewish issue and this is an historic moment. Never before have Jews not been refugees, but rather in a position to help refugees. Jews want to respond.” Paradoxically, this seems to means that it's appropriate for HIAS to focus less on Jews from the former Soviet Union and more on “refugees” from Muslim countries. [The rabbi who rallies American Jews for the global refugee cause, by Renee Ghert-Zand, The Times of Israel, February 7, 2016]
But even the status of some of these “refugees” is determined by a religious test. In 1999, the 1989 law was expanded to cover favored groups in Iran and renamed the Specter Amendment.
Thus Iranians in recent years have been flying from Tehran to Vienna (possibly with the encouragement of Iranian authorities) with a 6-month Austrian visa. Once there, they receive papers for resettlement in the U.S. as refugees. One catch: to even be considered they must pass a religious test by showing they are Jews, Bahai, Christians or Mandeans.
This program for Iranian nationals seems to have continued even though the Trump administration travel ban, in effect until the end of September, specifically bars Iranian nationals. (In fairness, it must be noted that the numbers have fallen off, but according to government reports 654 Iranians arrived on the refugee program from February 1 to July 31. It's unclear whether some of that number arrived when the on-off-and-on-again ban was in effect.)
HIAS is there on the ground in Vienna and is waiting for refugees of “minority faiths” once they land in the U.S. [HIAS Vienna: Caring for Iranian Religious Minorites, HIAS, Accessed September 7, 2017].
Beyond that, HIAS is on the ground in Africa where it flaunts its special role as a facilitator of LGBT asylum claims in the U.S. [Invisible In The City, by Yiftach Millo, HIAS, February 2013].
And for real chutzpah, consider that HIAS is on the ground in Israel as well. Apparently, HIAS is shipping rejected refugees from Israel to the U.S. According to HIAS's own website, in Israel “HIAS meets with individuals and families (mostly from Eritrea and Sudan) to help them evaluate options for reuniting with family in other countries, including the United States, Canada, Italy, Australia, Switzerland, and Sweden”. [HIAS Fact Sheet – Israel, Hias, October 22, 2014. Emphasis added]
The numbers of refugees HIAS is bringing in from Iran and Israel is fairly small, perhaps 2,500 annually according to my sources. However, the operation in Israel just started last year and these programs have a tendency to grow if left untended.
And like all groups that have a financial stake in continued mass immigration, HIAS demands that these programs continue forever. HIAS claimed that Trump's 2017 reduction of the refugee intake of 50,000 is unlawful since Obama had set a ceiling of 110,000 for 2017 [Judge considers ordering President Donald Trump to double 50,000 refugee inflow to the United States, by Neil Munro, Breitbart, March 16, 2017]. The resulting legal brawl, enabled by Leftist judges, has been wild and confusing, although Trump has generally prevailed at the U.S. Supreme Court (9th Circuit once again throws monkey wrench into US Refugee Admissions Program, by Ann Corcoran, Refugee Resettlement Watch, September 19, 2017)
But even Open Borders activists recognize Trump has the legal authority to set the number at zero for 2018. Frank Sharry [Email him] a leading Treason Lobbyist, told a group of activists at the National Partnership for New Americans conference in September 2016 that Trump could “zero the program out” if he chose to. And Congress certainly could zero out the funding of the program if it chose to.
Even some states have taken action to slow or stop the refugee program. Of these efforts, Tennessee has the most hopeful and sound of several state lawsuits aimed at stopping refugee resettlement or at least requiring state acquiescence before resettlement.
With the Tennessee legislature as plaintiff and legal representation by the respected public interest firm The Thomas More Law Center, the prospects for case are good on Tenth Amendment, states' rights grounds. It's no surprise the case against the federal program is proceeding without MSM notice.
Yet regardless of what the court rules, sometime this September the Trump administration must produce the Presidential Determination which sets the annual refugee by region for FY 2018. This number is a ceiling, not a required quota to be fulfilled. The President could choose any number, even zero as Sharry fears. He thus theoretically has the ability to at least temporarily obviate the need for a states' rights lawsuit. This could well put a stop to HIAS's suit as well [HIAS conference call informative; but appears to be in the dark about FY18 Presidential determination on refugees, by Ann Corcoran, Refugee Resettlement Watch, September 9, 2017].
President Trump has real power right now over HIAS and its associated Leftist bureaucracies and over the whole refugee racket—and he can do it with the stroke of a pen.
Consider what even President Obama did at the end of his term. Just five weeks before the new President Trump tried to impose a temporary hold on the refugee program, Obama peremptorily halted the wet foot/dry foot policy which facilitated mass Cuban migration to the United States as part of the Cuban Haitian Entrant Program. It should be noted that in 2015 more Cubans and Haitians poured into the U.S. through this program than all other refugees [Annual Report to Congress, Office of Refugee Resettlement, Fiscal Year 2015].
President Trump could and should take even more dramatic action. After all, in the wake of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, we now have American refugees to worry about.
Thomas Allen (email him) describes himself as a recovering refugee worker
The still-young virtual reality headset wars have a new competitor, though it's being sold as more of a "mixed reality" solution than purely VR. At the Intel Developer Forum today, the company announced Project Alloy, an untethered headset that packs everything into a single head-mounted display without the need for a PC or a mobile phone.
In addition to the battery, display, and computing resources needed to run the headset, Project Alloy will also include Intel's Real Sense motion tracking system, which will use cameras and sensors to map the world around you and track your hands without the need for gloves or handheld controllers. The system can also see real-world objects and integrate them into the virtual world, as shown in a demo where the user opened a real door and saw his boss' face appear in the virtual world (hence the "mixed reality" moniker Intel stressed in its presentation).
Alloy will be integrated with Microsoft's Windows Holographic platform, which will itself be available on all Windows 10 PCs next year. Intel also said it plans to release the Alloy hardware specs under an open source license at some point, letting others essentially use it as a reference design for their own hardware.
The Alloy announcement immediately called to mind the similar AMD-powered Sulon Q headset, announced back in March as an all-in-one VR headset with inside-out untethered tracking. As with that headset, we're somewhat skeptical that Alloy will be able to deliver a powerful, high-fidelity VR experience without encountering weight and heat-dissipation issues. In any case, it's an ambitious direction for Intel to take and an interesting new development in what's shaping up to be a crowded headset marketplace.
Overview
If you're looking for a (nearly) bombproof bag and have no problem acquiring heavier weight for a nearly indestructible bag, the GORUCK GR2 is a good option for you. If you're looking for an even larger one, check out our thoughts on the GR3.
At the time of publishing this review, we've used and tested the GR2 every day on a permanent nomadic journey for 1.5 years – so yeah – we've done a little research.
Measuring in at 12.5 x 22 x 9 inches (31.75 x 55.88 x 22.86 centimeters), this is the perfect bag to use as a single carryon—it's about the maximum size you can get away with on most airline carriers. The weight may become an issue with certain airlines that have a lower weight threshold—when the GORUCK GR2 is empty, it weighs 4.75 pounds (2.15 kilograms). Quick Pack Hack / Pro Travel Tip: check out carryonbagsizes.com to see if your bag will be allowed to be carried on your flight—all airlines are listed there.
Although this bag was created by a company with an ex green beret founder, it doesn't look too tactical, but still provides the durability you'd expect from a military-grade bag. The MOLLE on the outside is useful for adding additional accessories and the 3 x 2 inch velcro strip is good for holding morale patches – but when neither of these features are used, they sort of blend in with the rest of the bag and disappear into the black material.
via GIPHY
This bag can look a little boxy on your back, but overall has a low profile and doesn't appear too bulky. Tom is 6”2' and has the 40L GR2 on. GORUCK also makes a 34L version that works well for folks who are a little shorter or looking for a smaller bag to carry.
via GIPHY
The bag isn't waterproof, rather, water resistant.
The material used is 1000D CORDURA®, which is strong, basically slash proof, and proves to be a good anti-theft feature. It would be hard to do the quick slash and grab with the way this bag is set up. All this is hard to cut through unless you've got a chainsaw or something. But, if someone is coming at you with a chainsaw, there are probably larger issues than not getting your bag wrecked, as in, your personal safety.
Surprisingly, everything has remained pretty much intact for over a year of heavy usage. Some areas on the MOLLE have begun to fray, but that's minor and hasn't affected anything but the aesthetic look of the pack.
Bag Tour
Let's do a little walkthrough of what we can find in each section of the pack.
Main Clamshell Compartment
The main compartment has a clamshell opening, which makes it easy to see and access everything (in comparison to a top loading backpack). Inside the clamshell opening, we've got:
A small hole on top that leads into the laptop / water bladder compartment.
A couple rows of MOLLE webbing to clip items to or extend your bag with other MOLLE compatible accessories, including Field Pockets from GORUCK. This modular system let's you customize the bag as you see fit.
A flexible pocket where you can place documents, a laptop, or other objects that are flat in nature.
On the top part of the clamshell opening, we've got two mesh pockets. One is ⅔ the height of the compartment, and another is 1/3 of the height.
The base of the main opening is nice for your largest, most heavy items. A couple examples of what to pack in this main compartment are:
Clothing—whether the items are in packing cubes or rolled / folded nicely.
Shoes—you can toss these in the bottom of the compartment.
Any documents or things that need to lay flat can be put into the elastic pocket. It'll easily hold standard sized paper documents or a folder full of them.
Generally, larger and heavier items.
Quick Pack Hack / pro travel tip: it's good to keep the heaviest items closest to your back, as it's closer to your center of gravity, and will “pull” you down less.
The top flap of the compartment is outfitted with two meshes zippered compartments and is good for larger accessories that you don't need to get to often. Some examples are:
First aid kit.
Microfiber towel.
Spork.
Kleenex.
Compressible Water Bottle.
Generally, a good place for items you don't need often.
This area is great for any items that are more flat in nature. Anything bigger, and you'll want to put in the base compartment.
Secondary Compartment
The second compartment, furthest from your back, also opens up clamshell style for easy access and contains a couple key pockets that help with your packing system. We've got:
A large zip pouch with two mesh dividers inside.
2/3 mesh pocket at the base.
On the top flap of the second compartment, we've got a ⅔ mesh zip compartment on the bottom, and one more 1/3 fully concealed pocket at the top.
A couple examples of what to put in the secondary compartment include:
Packing cubes: these work well, considering there isn't a lip to hold many free-floating items in place like the main compartment has.
Items that are larger and won't slide around too much.
With the larger concealed pouch pocket, you can fit quite a few things inside:
The first mesh pocket is perfect for a passport and a sleeping mask.
The second mesh pocket fits a deck of cards perfectly.
A couple other free-floating items can work well here too – battery pack, micro tool, earplugs, headphones, etc.
The top flap of the secondary compartment is good for a couple small items, and is the most convenient pocket to access on the inside of the pack. It's good to place a few key quick-grabs here for easy access:
Extra currency.
Pen and pencil.
Anything else you need to access often.
Outside of the bag
The “bombproof” laptop and water bladder compartment is perfect for storing both. We like that it's close to your back, and inaccessible when the bag is on keeping your goods safe. One point of caution is that it can cause damage to a laptop if you're rough with the bag. After about 6 months of testing with the MacBook pro, some pressure marks began to develop on the screen. We've installed a kydex sheet to make the pocket a little more sturdy and it's done wonders (available here).
We also checked with GORUCK on whether or not the installation would void the warranty. Here's what they had to say: “This will not void the warranty but if there is any damage from the sheet to the fabric (which we have rarely, if ever seen), we may need to charge for repair since it is not a GORUCK made product. The only way that installing one of those would void the warranty outright would be if you installed one into a bag that doesn't normally come with a frame sheet or a Rucker, which has the frame sheet sewn in.” Sounds pretty good to us.
via GIPHY
The MOLLE on the side of the bag can be used with any appropriately sized MOLLE compatible accessories. We've added a hip belt that helps distribute the weight of the pack nicely and keep it secure when there's a heavier load. It's easy to customize this bag to your specific needs.
The straps on the bag are super padded – proving to be a good mix of comfort and durability. The straps are attached to the bag in a couple areas making a strong connection that's unlikely to break. Lined with MOLLE, the straps are extendible with anything you'd like to add—whether it's a sternum strap or a small chest pocket to hold your phone, or something else—this part of the bag is extendible too.
The MOLLE on the back of the bag sort of disappears into the background when not in use, but again, allows you to extend the bag when needed. You could add a field pocket here, or any other MOLLE accessory.
via GIPHY
The false bottom is a bit of an invisible feature that works well as a shock absorber. If you're holding a laptop or other fragile items in this pack and end up dropping it, there are two layers of padding. So, it'll one layer of padding before full impact on the next keeping your items just a little more safe.
The diagonal zip pocket on the back of the bag is great for holding items you need to grab quickly, although we've found there isn't much extra room when the bag is packed full. When going through airport security, it's a perfect place to temporarily stash your phone, wallet, keys, etc.
via GIPHY
One small detail that makes this bag great are the colored heat-shrunk paracord zipper pulls. We have gold, green, and black paracord depending on the pocket. Good if you're trying to create a mental model of what goes where in the pack – meaning, if you associate hygiene with the color gold then you'd place all or hygiene items inside of the gold zipper compartment.
Full disclosure: you can live with this bag as a single backpack. Unfortunately, not inside of it.
via GIPHY
Maybe it is just me but I don't see these things being used outside unless you are near the equator.
Maybe you could get stores and office buildings to put them in their front windows for a source of lighting that would stay on even if the power went out. More of a security back up than a primary source of lighting.
The design would need to be changed. I would suggest something more like a clear pipe (similar to a neon sign) that the algae gets pumped through. Then you could have a central tank, or something similar, where the daily maintenance occurs automatically, or semi-automatically.
I like it, I hope it catches on but I don't think it is going to be a street light outside my house unless climate change really takes off.
Native Instruments announced this morning a consolidation of their Traktor product line, centered around the new 2.5 release which contains the new “Remix Decks”. They've simplified the DJ offerings and finally offered precise details on when we can expect to see Traktor Pro 2.5 and the Kontrol F1 controller.
We asked NI what makes today's announcement important:
“This “remix” significantly simplifies the Traktor product range and makes it more affordable for DJs to get into Traktor at a low price point. The big news is that any Traktor hardware now ships with a full version of Traktor Pro 2. With the Audio 2, for instance, customers can now get a full professional DJ package for under $120.”
Makes sense – keep your software affordable and focus on selling hardware is a strategy that worked very well for a certain computer company that recently became the biggest company in the world. But what exactly has changed? Read on for the full details.
SOFTWARE CHANGES
Traktor Duo got the axe – Only Pro from now on out! Duo 2 and Duo 2 Scratch users get a free upgrade today to Pro 2.
Only Pro from now on out! Duo 2 and Duo 2 Scratch users get a free upgrade today to Pro 2. Cheap upgrades – Customers who own Traktor Pro 1 (or older!) can upgrade to Traktor 2.5 for $44.50 until April 30th. Own Traktor LE? The same upgrade is $89.
Customers who own Traktor Pro 1 (or older!) can upgrade to Traktor 2.5 for $44.50 until April 30th. Own Traktor LE? The same upgrade is $89. Traktor Pro 2 is cheaper, digital download! – Traktor Pro 2 will be available only as a Digital Download for the significantly cheaper price of $89.
Traktor Pro 2 will be available only as a Digital Download for the significantly cheaper price of $89. 2.5 is free! Version 2.5 will be available at the end of May as a free update to all owners of Traktor 2 Pro and Duo.
Version 2.5 will be available at the end of May as a free update to all owners of Traktor 2 Pro and Duo. Hardware + Software Combo: Traktor Pro 2.5 will be included with all NI hardware for free from here on out.
BPM DETECTION UPGRADE
We're also interested to see a rewrite of Traktor's beat/tempo detection engine will be coming in 2.5, with a number of new behaviors and features that many have been asking for.
Rewritten tempo detection for improved accuracy, developed from analyzing thousands of tracks from various genres
New “downbeat” auto-detection improves auto-beat-gridding and phase recognition
Convenient analysis options when importing files to your collection – set the tempo range by BPM
Much improved BPM detection on tracks with variable tempo, (such as “live” drummer genres) – now detects average BPM
Rewritten Tempo-Tap – instant and simple realignment anytime your tracks drifts away from the grid over time
Manually adjusted grids, (and all BPM-locked tracks) keep their position and tempo from previous versions
HARDWARE CHANGES
At a time when many Christian denominations are experiencing declines in membership in the US, one sect's numbers have continued to grow: the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, commonly known as the Mormon church.
Granted, the rate of growth has slowed in recent decades, recently hitting its lowest level in more than 70 years. But the steady increase still marks a significant contrast to many other denominations, as fewer and fewer Americans choose to identify with an organized religion.
The first Mormon Temple in Connecticut, set to open this week, is the latest reflection of expansion for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. It is only the second in New England, joining one in the suburbs of Boston.
"Now I'm very excited that there is a temple right here," Drucila Maldonado, a member of the church, told the Associated Press. "It's so much closer for me and my three children, compared to the 2 ½-hour drive to Boston."
Maldonado had made the trip every Saturday in lieu of a closer temple, which hosts different services than the local meetinghouses where weekly worship takes place. Like all Mormon temples, church members may only attend once granted a temple recommend from their bishop.
The overall downward trend in church membership may reflect a decline in Americans' confidence in institutions such as the church, particularly among young people: just 41 percent of respondents to a 2016 Gallup poll said they had a great deal or quite a lot of trust in organized religion, compared to 57 percent 20 years prior.
According to a Gallup poll published in December 2015, 75 percent of Americans identify with a Christian sect of some kind. However, that number had dropped from 80 percent in 2008, a rapid decline for a country dominated by Christian Protestantism since before it had even declared its independence from Britain in 1776. Younger generations form the largest concentration of those without a formal religious identity in the US today, indicating that the downward trend in traditional religion is likely to continue over their lifetimes.
This drop stands in stark contrast with statistics posted on the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints' official website, which declares a membership of over 15.6 million church members worldwide, in more than 30,000 congregations. As of 2011, 2 percent of American adults say they identify as Mormon.
While far from the membership levels of older religions such as Catholicism, which boasted over 1.2 billion members worldwide in 2013 and roughly 81.6 million American members as of 2015, the church's growth is especially impressive considering its relative youth. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints was formally organized in 1830 by Joseph Smith, who published the Book of Mormon, saying he had transcribed it from golden plates he discovered buried in upstate New York.
After decades of dramatic growth in the twentieth century, the church's growth rate has slowed in the past 25 years, Religion News Service reported this spring; recently, it hit 1.7 percent – the lowest rate since 1937. But that dip is the result of intentional shifts in outreach and baptism, Matt Martinich, the founder of the LDS Church Growth blog, told the publication.
"The church in the 1980s and 90s had pretty poor standards for baptism, and changing that has also been a huge aspect of why growth has slowed," Mr. Martinich said. "Low qualifications for baptism resulted in a lot of converts who didn't come to church and didn't contribute much."
In response, the church reorganized its strategy for reaching out to potential converts, establishing "centers of strength" in cities around the world: starting with a single congregation, waiting for it to stabilize, and then expanding, as Martinich told the Salt Lake Tribune in 2014. The policy may slow down growth, but could help guarantee that new members have the support they need to stay involved in church life.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
In Connecticut, where the newest temple will be dedicated in November after an open-house period, the building will serve roughly 27,000 congregants.
"It's a tremendous amount of enthusiasm and excitement among the members of our church for what we will have available to us shortly," Larry Wilson, the executive director of the Church's temple department, told NBC Connecticut.
They found it a little difficult to get through last season, but Bingeworthy hosts Jessica Shaw and Touré agree: The Walking Dead is back and bigger (and scarier) than ever.
The pair expressed excitement at the promising season 8 story line of Rick (Andrew Lincoln) leading a revolution and finally delivering an “ass-whooping” to Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan). “Last season was so brutal,” Shaw said. “It was just like, ‘Oh my God, I cannot be beaten down week after week.'”
However, she added: “Thank God in the season premiere, you see Rick, there's a revolution, you see something happening … It felt like the old Walking Dead.”
Touré was in complete agreement, conveying general satisfaction with the show picking up the pace year after year. “It did feel a little fresh to see Rick leading this revolution, pushing back against Negan, and reclaiming his power,” he explained. “I like this fight. I want to see where it goes.”
Watch the full Bingeworthy clip above for their thoughts on whether there will be a time jump, how the show keeps viewers in such suspense week after week, and Jessica's one quibble with the first episode of the season.
The Walking Dead premiere, which airs Oct. 22 on AMC, also marks the series' 100th episode.
One Late Night is a short immersive horror-game experience, released for free for Linux, Mac and WIndows, the basic idea of this game is to put the gamer in a situation similar to something that it could have been in, and also the scenario is just an office, with standard things (and an android figurine), the idea is that the players will relate themselves to the game setting and scenario and become immersed. Even if you can't relate to the game storyline, you will still get a good experience.
The main (and the only alive) character is an unnamed graphic designer employee, working late one night at the office, until strange things start to happen.
Soon you'll see strange message on your computer screen and you'll start to see scaring thing in your office.
Gameplay
The game start with an Iphone that displays some short messages, basically you are telling to your girlfriend Linda that you're late (you can see in the sms that is being sent at 23:59) and that you'll call her later on your way to home. After this it seems that you wake up from a short nap, and so you decide to go searching some coffee, and while moving you pass near Robert office, a colleague that is not coming at work from some days..
The storyline is presented with short monologues, displaying the thoughts of the player, as you need to perform certain tasks to proceed in the game to continue discover new clues about what's going on.
Use your surroundings to your advantage and hide under desks and in corners to avoid being taken by the ghost which haunts the office. Remember that the light will always be your friend. Survive the night and find as many clues as you can about the threat.
To save your progress in the game use the Linux terminal (nice !) on the computer and login with the username and password from the note.
Type “save” and then press Enter to save your game progress.
Getting the game
The game can be downloaded from the official website as a zip file. After that you have to unzip it, this will create the folder OneLateNight_linux/Build9 that contains the files OneLateNight.x86 and OneLateNight.x86_64 , to run the file on your system you have to change the permissions with:
cd OneLateNight_linux / Build9 chmod +x OneLateNight.x86_64 cd OneLateNight_linux/Build9 chmod +x OneLateNight.x86_64
And after that you can start the game with
. / OneLateNight.x86_64 ./OneLateNight.x86_64
The game has a really simple initial menu, you can choose some options (game quality, fullscreen and other graphical options), start a new game or load an old game, remember to save you have to use the terminal at the starting desk.
Conclusions
This indie game is really well made with realistic details, objects and textures. Many of the furniture and equipment that you'll see in the game are things that probably you have in your office or in your home. The game is short, but can be a nice alternative for a spooky night.
Popular Posts:
None Found
Photo: White House / Lawrence Jackson
Here's the dirt on Earth-hating Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan: On more than one occasion she was so consumed by her work that she accidentally left her car running overnight, a longtime “friend” told the New York Times.
But it's worth looking beyond this personal eco-foul to examine Kagan's broader record on environmental and climate issues.
It's immediately clear that she's no fire-breathing environmental crusader in the Robert F. Kennedy Jr. mold. Those looking for such a justice are bound to be disappointed. Kagan hasn't written or said much at all about climate change or the government's role in regulating clean air and water or protecting land and species. This fits with a broader critique from the left that she hasn't left a record on anything that reveals her judicial philosophy.
But if actions mean more than words, Kagan's nomination could be good news for the environmental movement. Kagan's signature green accomplishments came during her six years as dean of Harvard Law School, from 2003 to 2009, where she led the creation of an Environmental Law Program and an Environmental Law and Policy Clinic.
“The fact that she was interested in building an environmental law program when none existed, I think, speaks volumes,” said Jody Freeman, an environmental policy and regulation scholar whom Kagan lured from UCLA to Harvard, one of the most high-profile hires of Kagan's tenure.
“Harvard, when she became dean, was pretty much seen as a kind of backwater” on environmental law, said John Leshy, an environmental law scholar at the University of California Hastings College of the Law. “There was a lot of student interest on environmental issues, but the faculty and the curriculum didn't really reflect that. [The program] came from nowhere and became a respected program. I give her a lot of credit for that.”
The clinic put law students to work on current cases, including a challenge against two coal-fired power plants by the Kansas secretary of health and environment. It was the first time a state had opposed a fossil-fuel project on the grounds of carbon dioxide emissions. Kagan indicated her support for the work in a letter in the summer 2008 Harvard Law Bulletin (PDF), one of her few public statements on climate issues.
“I hope you'll share my pride in the work that students, faculty and alumni are doing to tackle the environmental dangers we all face-and my determination that Harvard Law School continue to make a difference in this vital sphere of law and policy,” she wrote.
The environmental program, which launched in 2005, wasn't Kagan's sole focus, said Freeman, but it suggested she grasped the importance of legal issues surrounding climate change. “I think she understood the moment in environmental law,” said Freeman. “It was a tremendous growth period. Climate was just becoming really mainstream and energy was becoming hugely important. She understood it was a moment when Harvard could have an impact.”
Even more important, said Freeman, Kagan understood the need for environmental law to move beyond the adversarial litigation that the field has relied on for much of the past 40 years. The environmental law program and clinic focused on teaching students about executive-branch rulemaking, land acquisition, and permitting for projects like coal plants.
“We needed to give students a chance to work on environmental, energy, climate issues in a way that went beyond just doing litigation. [Kagan] understood the need for a more expansive approach,” said Freeman, who recently returned to Harvard Law School after spending a year advising White House climate czar Carol Browner.
Kagan's background in administrative law–how government agencies write and enact rules–let her see the importance of this approach, said Freeman. It could also make her an effective environmental advocate on the Court, because environmental cases often overlap with administrative law.
“She knows how the bureaucracy works, and that's important,” said Leshy.
Kagan also spent time working for the Senate Judiciary Committee under then-Sen. Joe Biden, as counsel in the Clinton White House, and, for the past year, as solicitor general, representing the federal government before the Supreme Court. None of this work was explicitly environmental, but environmental law scholars tend to see the experience as an asset.
“She has an in-depth knowledge of the nuts and bolts of how issues work in the real world,” said Glenn Sugameli, an attorney at Defenders of Wildlife and founder of Judging the Environment, which monitors federal courts. “That's important because, if you look at the current court, they're almost all lifetime ‘judicial monastery' types. They're so used to looking at things from a judge's standpoint that they don't really understand them.”
Then there's the simple matter of Kagan's age. At 50, she is likely to see more effects of climate change than older colleagues will. “I think it is very important to have somebody with a generational stake in this issue,” said Leshy, 65. “People my age and older are not going to see the [outcomes of] problems we're dealing with now. People who are younger will see them.”
Temperamentally, Kagan is by most reports exactly the kind of person President Obama likes to promote-collaborative, pragmatic, more interested in results than fights over principle. She's credited with uniting factions at Harvard Law School and taming It's famously venomous “snake pit” atmosphere.
Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) and others have argued that an intellectually respected collaborator would be more effective on the court than an arch-liberal. “I'd like the new nominee to be one of five, not one of four, when the votes come up, and somebody who would be quite persuasive in terms of influencing other justices, I guess particularly Justice [Anthony] Kennedy, to his or her point of view,” said Schumer. “And that would matter to me more than any particular ideology.”
Kagan has worried some court-watchers with her somewhat broad interpretation of executive power — laid out in a 2001 Harvard Law Review article — but that perspective could be positive from an environmental standpoint if the executive branch is more willing than Congress to act on climate change. Plans to regulate greenhouse gas emissions — either by Congress or by the EPA — will face legal challenges and could end up before the Supreme Court. A justice who believes the EPA should have leeway in enacting such rules is more likely to uphold a climate plan.
Kagan's supporters in the climate-law field believe she is such a justice.
“Based on her article and record, she should be OK on that,” Leshy said.
About NixOS
NixOS is a GNU/Linux distribution that aims to improve the state of the art in system configuration management. In existing distributions, actions such as upgrades are dangerous: upgrading a package can cause other packages to break, upgrading an entire system is much less reliable than reinstalling from scratch, you can't safely test what the results of a configuration change will be, you cannot easily undo changes to the system, and so on. We want to change that. NixOS has many innovative features:
Declarative system configuration model
In NixOS, the entire operating system — the kernel, applications, system packages, configuration files, and so on — is built by the Nix package manager from a description in a purely functional build language. The fact that it's purely functional essentially means that building a new configuration cannot overwrite previous configurations. Most of the other features follow from this.
You configure a NixOS system by writing a specification of the functionality that you want on your machine in /etc/nixos/configuration.nix . For instance, here is a minimal configuration of a machine running an SSH daemon:
{ boot.loader.grub.device = "/dev/sda"; fileSystems."/".device = "/dev/sda1"; services.sshd.enable = true; }
After changing /etc/nixos/configuration.nix , you realise the configuration by running this command:
$ nixos-rebuild switch
This command does everything necessary to make the configuration happen, including downloading and compiling OpenSSH, generating the configuration files for the SSH server, and so on.
Reliable upgrades
Another advantage of purely functional package management is that nixos-rebuild switch will always produce the same result, regardless of what packages or configuration files you already had on your system. Thus, upgrading a system is as reliable as reinstalling from scratch.
Atomic upgrades
NixOS has a transactional approach to configuration management: configuration changes such as upgrades are atomic. This means that if the upgrade to a new configuration is interrupted — say, the power fails half-way through — the system will still be in a consistent state: it will either boot in the old or the new configuration. In most other systems, you'll end up in an inconsistent state, and your machine may not even boot anymore.
Rollbacks
Because the files of a new configuration don't overwrite old ones, you can (atomically) roll back to a previous configuration. For instance, if after a nixos-rebuild switch you discover that you don't like the new configuration, you can just go back:
$ nixos-rebuild switch --rollback
In fact, all old system configurations automatically show up in the Grub boot menu. So if the new configuration crashes or doesn't boot properly, you can just roll back by selecting an older configuration in the Grub boot menu. Rollbacks are very fast: it doesn't involve lots of files having to be restored from copies.
Reproducible system configurations
NixOS' declarative configuration model makes it easy to reproduce a system configuration on another machine (for instance, to test a change in a test environment before doing it on the production server). You just copy the configuration.nix file to the target NixOS machine and run nixos-rebuild switch . This will give you the same configuration (kernel, applications, system services, and so on) except for ‘mutable state' (such as the stuff that lives in /var ).
Safe to test changes
NixOS makes it safe to test potentially dangerous changes to the system, because you can always roll back. (Unless you screw up the boot loader, that is…) For instance, whether the change is as simple as enabling a system service, or as large as rebuilding the entire system with a new version of Glibc, you can test it by doing:
$ nixos-rebuild test
This builds and activates the new configuration, but doesn't make it the boot default. Thus, rebooting the system will take you back to the previous, known-good configuration.
An even nicer way to test changes is the following:
$ nixos-rebuild build-vm $ ./result/bin/run-*-vm
This builds and starts a virtual machine that contains the new system configuration (i.e. a clone of the configuration of the host machine, with any changes that you made to configuration.nix ). The VM doesn't share any data with the host, so you can safely experiment inside the VM. The build-vm command is very efficient (it doesn't require a disk image for the VM to be created), so it's a very effective way to test changes.
Source-based model, with binaries
The Nix build language used by NixOS specifies how to build packages from source. This makes it easy to adapt the system — just edit any of the ‘Nix expressions' for NixOS or Nixpkgs in /etc/nixos , and run nixos-rebuild . However, building from source is also slow. Therefore Nix automatically downloads pre-built binaries from nixos.org if they are available. This gives the flexibility of a source-based package management model with the efficiency of a binary model.
Consistency
The Nix package manager ensures that the running system is ‘consistent' with the logical specification of the system, meaning that it will rebuild all packages that need to be rebuilt. For instance, if you change the kernel, Nix will ensure that external kernel modules such as the NVIDIA driver will be rebuilt as well — so you never run into an X server that mysteriously fails to start after a kernel security upgrade. And if you update the OpenSSL library, Nix ensures that all packages in the system use the new version, even packages that statically link against OpenSSL.
Multi-user package management
On NixOS, you do not need to be root to install software. In addition to the system-wide ‘profile' (set of installed packages), all user have their own profile in which they can install packages. Nix allows multiple versions of a package to coexist, so different users can have different versions of the same package installed in their respective profiles. If two users install the same version of a package, only one copy will be built or downloaded, and Nix's security model ensures that this is secure. Users cannot install setuid binaries.
How does NixOS work? NixOS is based on Nix, a purely functional package management system. Nix stores all packages in isolation from each other under paths such as /nix/store/5rnfzla9kcx4mj5zdc7nlnv8na1najvg-firefox-3.5.4/ The string 5rnf... is a cryptographic hash of all input used to build the package. Packages are never overwritten after they have been built; instead, if you change the build description of a package (its ‘Nix expression'), it's rebuilt and installed in a different path in /nix/store so it doesn't interfere with the old version. NixOS extends this by using Nix not only to build packages, but also things like configuration files. For instance, the configuration of the SSH daemon is also built from a Nix expression and stored under a path like /nix/store/s2sjbl85xnrc18rl4fhn56irkxqxyk4p-sshd_config By building entire system configurations from a Nix expression, NixOS ensures that such configurations don't overwrite each other, can be rolled back, and so on. A big implication of the way that Nix/NixOS stores packages is that there is no /bin , /sbin , /lib , /usr , and so on. Instead all packages are kept in /nix/store . (The only exception is a symlink /bin/sh to Bash in the Nix store.) Not using ‘global' directories such as /bin is what allows multiple versions of a package to coexist. Nix does have a /etc to keep system-wide configuration files, but most files in that directory are symlinks to generated files in /nix/store .
Status NixOS is available for download. Since NixOS is a relatively young Linux distribution, you may find that certain things that you need are missing (e.g., certain packages or support for specific hardware), so you may need to add those yourself. Here are some highlights of what NixOS currently provides: NixOS provides a complete X11/Plasma 5 desktop environment. Other window managers and part of Gnome are also available.
NixOS uses systemd to manage system services. It supports quite a few services (e.g., Apache HTTPD, PostgreSQL, and Tomcat) that can be configured declaratively through configuration.nix .
. NixOS builds on the Nix Packages collection (Nixpkgs), which provides Nix expressions for over 40 000 packages that you can install under NixOS.
NixOS has automatic hardware detection: the boot process loads kernel modules for all known devices automatically. It also has CUPS for printing, support for various wireless cards, and so on.
NixOS currently runs on 32-bit and 64-bit x86 machines ( i686-linux and x86_64-linux ), and experimentally on ARM.
A woman in Cleveland, Texas says she went out to photograph a strange “white tornado shaped cloud” and spotted mysterious glowing orbs flying under the cloud. She sent in a report with three images to the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON).
The witness says she saw the orbs fly slowly under the cloud, and then he lost sight of them.
The witness wrote in her MUFON report:
Looked out front of my house say a white tornado shaped cloud..it was stationary and hovered over the treetops..I thought we were going to have a storm but sky was blue and clear no rain or thunderstorms. I thought it was strange how long it hovered over trees so I took some pictures as I took the pictures I noticed under the cloud were five orbs shaped objects that moved slowly under the cloud in a straight line and moved along until they were gone..the cloud stayed for 15 min then slowly disappeared.
According to Roger Marsh, MUFON's Director of Public Education and National UFO reporter for the Examiner, the case was investigated by their Texas chapter. Investigators determined the case was not a hoax. They filed the case as a genuine unknown, meaning they could not match the object up to any possible known man-made or astronomical object.
UPDATE 3/7/2014:
Chief investigator for the Texas chapter of MUFON Fletcher Gray has told the Houston Chronicle that he believes the lights in this image are helicopters.
Gray, a retired Humble police officer, told says “We don't think it's extraterrestrial, or at least I don't think so.”
He says the trailing marks in the photo indicate that they were aircraft flying at more than 100 mph. This tipped him off to the helicopter idea, as they move between 120 and 150 mph. He said, “There's a helicopter unit out of the Conroe area, and they have helicopters at Hooks (Airport in northwest Harris County),” he said. “They are in various locations.”
He goes on to explain the reason that the investigation was listed as an unknown is that they could not conclusively prove that the lights in the photo are helicopters.
The Houston Chronicle article also reveals that the anonymous witness is actually a woman. Previously we referred to the witness in this story as a man.
Popular Posts:
Four People Prosecuted Under #AgGag Law for Photographing Factory Farm From the Road
by Will Potter / Green is the New Red
Circle Four Farms sprawls across 90 square miles of land in southwestern Utah. There are about 600,000 hogs here at a time, packed by the thousands into long warehouse sheds. About one million hogs—185 times the human population of the county—are raised at Circle Four each year, making it the largest factory farm in the state; its parent company, Smithfield Foods, is one of the largest in the world.
The farm is so large that its scale is difficult to view from the public road. At best, one could see a few of the sheds, some feed bins, trucks.
But Circle Four Farms has plenty of reasons to be wary of exposure, even from a distance. The company came under scrutiny earlier this month by the USDA because of a deadly pig virus. Last year, it was part of a controversial financial deal—the largest-ever Chinese takeover of a U.S. company. Public health studies have shown that people who live near the farm are much more likely to be hospitalized, for a wide-range of illnesses. And the farm has also been investigated by the Justice Department as part of the largest-ever case of human trafficking.
So it is perhaps not surprising that when farm employees saw people driving by on Wednesday, September 24th, and taking photographs, they reacted quickly. They followed the two cars, stopped them, demanded that they turn over their photos and, when they refused, called the sheriff.
Four animal rights activists had driven to Circle Four Farms on Wednesday, September 24th, to wait for slaughterthouse-bound trucks leaving the facility. They were going to photograph and videotape the transport for a national non-profit group called the Farm Animal Rights Movement. The photography was part of a series of efforts by FARM leading up to World Day for Farmed Animals on October 2nd.
When they were waiting for the trucks, one of the activists, Sarah Jane Hardt, photographed the farm from the street. The photographs, included here, capture the rows of sheds and the barren landscape, but not much detail of the farm.
When they set off down the road again, that's when Circle Four Farms trucks pulled in front of them and stopped them.
The workers repeatedly asked to see the cameras, said Bryan Monell, one of the activists. “He was asking, ‘Have you ever heard of PETA? Are you a member of the Animal Liberation Front? After a while they just let us pass,” Monell said.
Before the group had reached Utah State Highway 21, though, they were pulled over by the Beaver County Sheriff's Department.
Read More
Share this: Google
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Tumblr
Homes are seen for sale in the southwest area of Portland, Oregon March 20, 2014. REUTERS/Steve Dipaola
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. mortgage applications to buy homes fell to their lowest level last week since February as interest rates on 30-year home loans edged up from the previous week's 16-month trough, an industry group said on Wednesday.
The Mortgage Bankers Association said its seasonally adjusted index of loan requests for home purchases, a leading indicator of home sales, fell 5.0 percent in the week ended Oct. 24 to its lowest level since February. It was 15 percent lower than the same week a year earlier.
Fixed 30-year mortgage rates averaged 4.13 percent in the week, up 3 basis points from 4.10 percent the week before.
The Washington-based group's seasonally adjusted index of refinancing applications fell 7.4 percent, led by a steep drop in requests for jumbo loans.
Jumbo loans are those whose size is above $417,000, which is the limit on what federal mortgage agencies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac can purchase.
“Borrowers with jumbo loans tend to be most sensitive to changes in rates, and that sensitivity has been clearly apparent in the past few weeks with double and even triple digit percentage changes in refinance application volume for jumbo loans,” MBA's chief economist Mike Fratantoni said in a statement.
The average loan size for refinance applications fell to $263,600 in the latest from a survey high of $306,400 the prior week. The drop was fueled by a 41 percent drop in refinance applications for loans greater than $729,000, which had surged nearly 130 percent a week earlier, according to Fratantoni.
MBA's weekly mortgage application activity, which includes both refinancing and home purchase demand, fell 6.6 percent in the latest week.
The survey covers over 75 percent of U.S. retail residential mortgage applications, according to MBA.
The cost of installing utility-scale solar has fallen considerably in recent years, from more than $6 per watt in 2009 to about $3 per watt in 2014. That has resulted in a boom in the sector, which is 31 times bigger than it was a decade ago.
Power-purchase agreement (PPA) prices are also continuing their downward trend, according to the third annual report on utility-scale solar from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
With the rush to get projects done before the cut to the federal Investment Tax Credit, levelized PPA prices have come down as low as $40 per megawatt-hour in the Southwest. At that price, PV compares to just the fuel costs for natural-gas plants. These numbers match what GTM Research has found as well.
Although the Southwest has the lowest prices, $50 to $75 per megawatt-hour is the new norm across the country, according to GTM Research. Boulder's PPA with SunPower, for example, came in at $46 per megawatt-hour and Austin Energy's most recent solar project came in at under $50 per megawatt-hour.
Falling prices have also opened up some markets to avoided-cost contracts, where solar is cheaper than a utility's avoided costs to generate electricity elsewhere. In states like Utah and North Carolina, avoided-cost contracts are bringing in various solar contracts.
“This recent onslaught of applications for avoided-cost contracts has prompted the utilities involved and their state utility regulators to re-evaluate these contracts and the utilities' PURPA requirements," reads the Berkeley lab study.
The rush to build utility-scale solar projects (defined as larger than 5 megawatts by Berkeley Lab) ahead of the ITC cliff is intense. Going into 2015, there were more than 44 gigawatts of capacity in the production queue.
“Even if only a modest fraction of the solar capacity in these queues meets that deadline, it will still mean an unprecedented amount of new construction in 2015 and 2016,” the study authors wrote. By the end of last year, there were about 8 gigawatts of utility-scale capacity in total.
For concentrated solar power, however, the era of new project construction may be over. Although the data set is small for CSP (six projects), “CSP prices do not seem to have declined over time to any notable extent, in stark contrast to the median PV prices included in the figure,” the Berkeley Lab report states. Also, while operations and maintenance costs for solar PV plants have generally declined, the one CSP plant in the study's sample had rising O&M costs.
In the booming market of utility-scale solar PV, California and the Southwest still reign. They will account for about 60 percent of the scheduled capacity additions at the end of 2014, down from 80 percent at the end of 2013. Not all of this will be built, however, and GTM Research has projected about 27 gigawatts through 2016.
Even with a nearly 80 percent decrease in installations from 2016 to 2017, “the post-2016 outlook is not as bleak as we once thought,” said Colin Smith, solar market analyst with GTM Research.
“With the loss of the ITC, we expect to see a rise in PPA prices. But as the installation cost of utility PV continues to fall, we expect to see PPA prices start to return to 2015-2016 levels in 2019," he said.
James Donegan, NYPD
This is not a political post.
This is not a divisive post.
This is not an inflammatory post.
This is a simply a post to show that when a bullet kills a police officer it reverberates, not just in the public sphere, but for generations.
This is my cousin Detective James Donegan, NYPD. He is a cousin three generations removed whose life was snuffed out in 1964, before I was even born, by a bullet in Brookyln.
My cousin and his partner Detective Salvatore Potenza were fatally killed, together, in the line of duty on October 15, 1964 while responding to a domestic violence call. They were ambushed from behind a door.
When my family learned of the recent ambush of NYPD Officers and partners Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos in Brooklyn on December 20, 2014 our thoughts and texts instantly turned to our own, late, family member and his partner.
It was 50 years, last month, since their killing and history repeats itself.
Our family has never forgotten James Donegan, just as the Liu and Ramos families will never forget their heroes. Our hearts go out to them on their long road ahead, especially young Jaden Ramos, son of Officer Ramos.
Most likely, though, society and time will forget -- probably pretty quickly and THIS is how history repeats itself.
Do not forget these men.
A conceptual diagram of a local area network.
"LAN" redirects here. For other uses, see LAN (disambiguation)
A local area network (LAN) is a computer network that interconnects computers within a limited area such as a residence, school, laboratory, university campus or office building.[1] By contrast, a wide area network (WAN) not only covers a larger geographic distance, but also generally involves leased telecommunication circuits.
Ethernet and Wi-Fi are the two most common technologies in use for local area networks. Historical technologies include ARCNET, Token ring, and AppleTalk.
History [ edit ]
The increasing demand and use of computers in universities and research labs in the late 1960s generated the need to provide high-speed interconnections between computer systems. A 1970 report from the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory detailing the growth of their "Octopus" network gave a good indication of the situation.[2][3]
A number of experimental and early commercial LAN technologies were developed in the 1970s. Cambridge Ring was developed at Cambridge University starting in 1974.[4] Ethernet was developed at Xerox PARC between 1973 and 1974.[5][6] ARCNET was developed by Datapoint Corporation in 1976 and announced in 1977.[7] It had the first commercial installation in December 1977 at Chase Manhattan Bank in New York.[8]
The development and proliferation of personal computers using the CP/M operating system in the late 1970s, and later DOS-based systems starting in 1981, meant that many sites grew to dozens or even hundreds of computers. The initial driving force for networking was to share storage and printers, both of which were expensive at the time. There was much enthusiasm for the concept, and for several years, from about 1983 onward, computer industry pundits would regularly declare the coming year to be, "The year of the LAN".[9][10][11]
In practice, the concept was marred by proliferation of incompatible physical layer and network protocol implementations, and a plethora of methods of sharing resources. Typically, each vendor would have its own type of network card, cabling, protocol, and network operating system. A solution appeared with the advent of Novell NetWare which provided even-handed support for dozens of competing card and cable types, and a much more sophisticated operating system than most of its competitors. Netware dominated the personal computer LAN business from early after its introduction in 1983 until the mid-1990s when Microsoft introduced Windows NT.[12]
Of the competitors to NetWare, only Banyan Vines had comparable technical strengths, but Banyan never gained a secure base. 3Com produced 3+Share and Microsoft produced MS-Net. These then formed the basis for collaboration between Microsoft and 3Com to create a simple network operating system LAN Manager and its cousin, IBM's LAN Server. None of these enjoyed any lasting success.
In 1983, TCP/IP was first shown capable of supporting actual defense department applications on a Defense Communication Agency LAN test bed located at Reston, Virginia.[13] [14]The TCP/IP-based LAN successfully supported Telnet, FTP, and a Defense Department teleconferencing application.[15] This demonstrated the feasibility of employing TCP/IP LANs to interconnect Worldwide Military Command and Control System (WWMCCS) computers at command centers throughout the United States.[16] However, WWMCCS was superseded by the Global Command and Control System (GCCS) before that could happen.
During the same period, Unix workstations were using TCP/IP networking. Although this market segment is now much reduced, the technologies developed in this area continue to be influential on the Internet and in both Linux and Apple Mac OS X networking—and the TCP/IP protocol has replaced IPX, AppleTalk, NBF, and other protocols used by the early PC LANs.
Cabling [ edit ]
Early Ethernet (10BASE-5 and 10BASE-2) used coaxial cable. Shielded twisted pair was used in IBM's Token Ring LAN implementation. In 1984, StarLAN showed the potential of simple unshielded twisted pair by using Cat3 cable—the same cable used for telephone systems. This led to the development of 10BASE-T (and its successors) and structured cabling which is still the basis of most commercial LANs today.
While optical fiber cable is common for links between network switches, use of fiber to the desktop is rare.[17]
Wireless media [ edit ]
In a wireless LAN, users have unrestricted movement within the coverage area. Wireless networks have become popular in residences and small businesses, because of their ease of installation. Most wireless LANs use Wi-Fi as it is built into smartphones, tablet computers and laptops. Guests are often offered Internet access via a hotspot service.
Technical aspects [ edit ]
Network topology describes the layout of interconnections between devices and network segments. At the data link layer and physical layer, a wide variety of LAN topologies have been used, including ring, bus, mesh and star. At the higher layers, NetBEUI, IPX/SPX, AppleTalk and others were once common, but the Internet Protocol Suite (TCP/IP) has prevailed as a standard of choice.
Simple LANs generally consist of cabling and one or more switches. A switch can be connected to a router, cable modem, or ADSL modem for Internet access. A LAN can include a wide variety of other network devices such as firewalls, load balancers, and network intrusion detection.[18] Advanced LANs are characterized by their use of redundant links with switches using the spanning tree protocol to prevent loops, their ability to manage differing traffic types via quality of service (QoS), and their ability to segregate traffic with VLANs.
LANs can maintain connections with other LANs via leased lines, leased services, or across the Internet using virtual private network technologies. Depending on how the connections are established and secured, and the distance involved, such linked LANs may also be classified as a metropolitan area network (MAN) or a wide area network (WAN).
See also [ edit ]
Sun sets on Australia's last solar factory
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Solar cell making stops in Australia (The Midday Report)
The only Australian company which manufactures solar cells is closing the operation.
Silex Solar has announced it will stop making the cells at its western Sydney facility, with 30 jobs to be lost.
The company will continue to make solar panels, using imported components.
Silex has blamed a "very tough market" for the decision, but the Australian Manufacturing Workers Union is pointing the finger at the New South Wales Government.
Union state secretary Tim Ayres says the Government's decision to cut the state's Solar Bonus Scheme is a major factor.
"We warned that there would be a possibility of job losses in manufacturing and that is exactly what has happened," Mr Ayres said.
"The decision can be blamed on the roll-back of the Solar Bonus Scheme by the O'Farrell Government, and the Government's failure to implement any sort of framework for the clean technology industry.
"We really need urgent Government action to make sure there is a viable clean technology industry in NSW."
A spokeswoman for NSW Energy Minister Chris Hartcher says the scheme was unaffordable, and Silex has made a commercial decision.
The Minister has suggested the company should approach the Federal Government for help, specifically through its proposed $10-billion clean energy fund.
Topics: states-and-territories, federal-government, unions, solar-energy, manufacturing, homebush-bay-2127
First posted
Image copyright Reuters
Kraft Heinz has abandoned its offer to buy Unilever, its Anglo-Dutch rival.
The Marmite maker rejected the US food giant's bid on Friday, saying it saw "no merit, either financial or strategic" in Kraft's offer, worth about $143bn (£115bn).
"Unilever and Kraft Heinz hold each other in high regard," the companies said in a joint statement.
Shares in Unilever, which closed 13% higher on Friday, fell 7.3% in lunchtime trading in London to £35.18.
Kraft's offer had been at an 18% premium to Unilever's closing share price on Thursday. Kraft shares rose 11% on Wall Street on Friday.
George Salmon, a Hargreaves Lansdown analyst, said shelving the deal just one business day after it was announced came as a surprise.
"It was always going to be a difficult pitch to convince shareholders to relinquish their grip on Unilever, given the expectations for the company to keep churning out resilient growth in the years to come," he said.
The deal would have been one of the biggest in corporate history, combining dozens of household names.
Unilever owns Ben & Jerry's ice cream, Dove soap, and Hellmann's mayonnaise, while Kraft's range includes Philadelphia cheese and Heinz baked beans.
"It would appear that Kraft Heinz have underestimated both the intrinsic value of Unilever and the challenge of acquiring control of a Dutch company whose stakeholders would have opposed such a move vociferously," said Martin Deboo, a Jefferies International analyst.
More than half of the company's shares are in the Dutch-listed entity, he told the BBC.
'Friendly basis'
Michael Mullen, a Kraft Heinz spokesman, said its interest was made public at an extremely early stage.
"Our intention was to proceed on a friendly basis, but it was made clear Unilever did not wish to pursue a transaction. It is best to step away early so both companies can focus on their own independent plans to generate value," he said.
Reports suggested that Prime Minister Theresa May had asked officials to examine the deal before it was scrapped.
However, her spokesman said on Monday that Downing Street was not involved in Kraft's decision to withdraw the offer.
The takeover of Cadbury by Kraft in 2010 was controversial enough to prompt a revamp of the rules governing how foreign firms buy UK companies.
Just a week after promising to keep open Cadbury's Somerdale factory, near Bristol, Kraft backtracked and said it would close the plant.
The Takeover Panel reviewed the laws and, in September 2011, strengthened the hand of target companies, and demanded more information from bidders about their intentions after the purchase, particularly on areas such as job cuts.
In July last year, shortly after becoming prime minister, Mrs May promised to have a "proper industrial strategy" that could be used to block takeovers.
Analysis
By Joe Lynam, BBC business correspondent
Kraft Heinz is jointly controlled by billionaire investor Warren Buffett and Brazilian private equity group 3G. The latter has a deserved reputation for taking a scythe to costs - irrespective of how that might impact jobs and factories.
Unilever, on the other hand, has a reputation for doing the right thing in terms of corporate social responsibility and the environment - even if that eats into the bottom line.
I understand that Kraft Heinz was shocked with the vehemence with which its "friendly" merger offer was rebuffed.
The bosses of both consumer giants spoke over the weekend and it was clear that if Kraft really wanted Unilever it would have to launch a hostile takeover bid that could have ended up being very expensive.
The higher the price, the less worthwhile the deal. So the bid was withdrawn within 55 hours of it being announced.
Unilever clashed with UK supermarket Tesco in October over its attempts to raise prices to compensate for the steep drop in the value of the pound.
The consumer goods giant has over a dozen sites across the UK, including three major plants in Liverpool, Norwich and Gloucester.
If the deal had proceeded, it would be the second biggest ever, behind Vodafone's $183bn takeover of Germany's Mannesmann in 2000, according to Dealogic.
The Hornets have agreed a deal with Ecuador full back Juan Carlos Paredes, the Watford Observer understands.
Watford have been confident of securing his signature for more than a month and we understand a move has now been agreed.
Paredes failed to report to training for Barcelona Sporting Club on Monday and the Ecuadorian club's president Francisco Hidalgo confirmed the player was likely to be fined.
Hidalgo claimed a deal has yet to be reached with Watford but we understand terms have been agreed with the player, although it is yet to be decided whether he will join the Hornets directly or via fellow Pozzo clubs Granada or Udinese.
Paredes, who turned 27 today, played every minute of his country's World Cup campaign, as they finished third in Group E.
Paredes, who can play across the backline, has spent the whole of his career in his native country, also featuring for Rocafuerte, Deportivo Cuenca and Deportivo Quito, where he won the league title in 2011.
Udinese, who like Watford are owned by the Pozzos, were keen on signing the player for more than six months and he reportedly attracted interest from clubs around Europe prior to the World Cup.
Tomorrow – the Fourth of July – should be considered a national day of mourning.
Having affirmed the constitutionality of Obamacare – that is, of the federal government's asserted authority not merely to force each of us to purchase the “services” of a private, government-backed cartel (the insurance mafia) but also, implicitly, its asserted authority over our very selves – because what could be more fundamental to “our health” than our selves? – there is now no line the government may not, in principle – and so, inevitably, in practice – cross. The gantlet has been thrown down. The idea of the Constitution as a check on what the federal government may not do is as absurd as the Soviet Bill of Rights. There is nothing the federal government may not do. No area of our lives that remains off limits. Consider this as you celebrate your “freedoms” tomorrow… .
Just off the top of my head:
Mandatory life insurance – or else.
Why not? Does anyone imagine the life insurance mafia will not seize the opportunity created by what the health insurance mafia has just achieved? If the government can force us to buy health insurance – to hand over money to private, for-profit businesses on the basis of the idea that “everyone must be insured against risk because of the possibility that some people might transfer their costs onto ‘society' ” – well, why not? Is there any argument you can think of to deflect the idea of forcing people to buy life insurance on the same basis as they will now be forced to buy health insurance – or pay a huge tax to the government?
Mandatory homeowner's insurance – or else.
A second example. Right now, some people – who have paid off their homes – elect to skip paying a huge annual fee for homeowner's insurance, having weighed the (small) risk of a total loss against the benefit of having money in the bank for the much more likely small things (like a tree falling against the house) which they can then just pay out of pocket. This is exactly the same as people who are fit and healthy, lead a healthy life – and so decide to skip paying through the nose for health insurance they will probably never need, preferring to pay for the occasional incidentals out of pocket – and put the rest of the money they'd otherwise throw down the hole of “insurance” into their savings. ObamaCare has outlawed this. Does anyone believe the law will continue to allow anyone to avoid going “uninsured” for anything? What will the opposing argument be – given the fact of the legal precedent now established?
Shouldn't everyone have car maintenance insurance, too? After all, a major repair can be devastating if one hasn't got the means to pay for it. Surely this is an unacceptable risk – and just as surely, the corporate cartel automakers will see the same “opportunity” that the insurance cartels have seen.
And will seize it – just as they seized the bail-out money. Only now, it'll be a more direct transfer.
Some may say this won't happen. But the fact is it can happen – because the essential principle is now enshrined in law. Anyone who does not grasp this does not comprehend how the law works – how the system works. Precedent becomes practice. Case law sets the bar for future laws.
So, being forced to purchase health insurance at gunpoint is just for openers.
Having affirmed ObamaCare, the court has also affirmed – in principle – the authority of the government to monitor, control, regulate and tax every and any conceivable action. Because just about anything can in some way be argued to affect “health” and thus falls under the newly minted authority of the federal government or the health-care-at-gunpoint cartels.
Own guns? You will be required by law to disclose this fact to your “health care provider” – who will narc you out to the government, which may and likely will decide that it's “risky” for you to possess them. Doubt it? See here. David Sarti will disabuse you of any notion that owning guns is your private affair. The state may simply decide – for health reasons – that it is “too risky” for you to be permitted to possess them.
Ride motorcycles? Very risky! If bikes are not outlawed entirely, they – or rather you, the rider – will be taxed to such an extent that almost no one will be able to ride – except of course the Praetorians (cops) who ride alongside the likes of Mittens and Barry.The same goes for anything else you like to do that some bureaucratic Clover decides constitutes an unacceptable risk to society – and “public health” – because of the potential costs it might incur. Everything – from how much soda you drink to whether you exercise (and how) is now the business of busybodies with guns. Doubt this? It is already happening in places such as New York City (see here) where Mayor Bloomberg is doing the trial-runs for what will shortly become national policy.
Smokers are subjected to more abuse than child molesters. In Bloomberg's Gotham – more accurately described as the Kremlin on the East River – they may not even smoke in their own damn home.
Or else.
Use supplements? Not approved! You will use the government-approved, Big Pharma provided anti-statins (and so on) instead.
They will literally force you to visit the government-approved quack – if necessary, by dragooning you out of your own home in a straightjacket. Just ask David Sarti. Or maybe this guy. I've written about him before. This elderly man was literally Tasered into submission and dragged out of his own home by thug cops merely because he did not wish the medical treatment they insisted he submit to.
If you don't think this could happen to you, too – well, you're living in a dreamworld.
Because now, nothing – absolutely nothing – is off the table. They will not leave you alone. Ever.
Historically ignorant Americans don't see it – because it hasn't come to their door – yet. But it's coming. As surely as they came for the Jews after they came for the trade unionists in another place, a long time ago.
Those who have their eyes open – and their brains turned on – see (and understand) this. For the rest, only hard experience will disabuse them of the fiction that they still live in a “free” country. I suspect they won't have long to wait.
Enjoy your fireworks (which you can't handle yourself) and your government-approved hot dogs and officially approved beer tomorrow. It may be your last chance.
Throw it in the Woods?
Nickelodeon used to undergo a transformation when the clock struck eight on weekday nights. As the sun went down and primetime kicked off, the kidvid haven populated by Rugrats, Salute Your Shorts, and Double Dare turned into a place kitschy Nick At Nite promos dubbed “TV Land.” But in April of 1996, TV Land became its own destination on the cable box, its Nick At Nite-curated lineup of vintage programming and “Retromercials” freeing up a little more space on the Nickelodeon schedule. And so it was, on Monday, October 7, 1996, that “the first kids' network” graduated to the adults' table, a milestone cinched by two best friends dressed like a strawberry and a banana and a schoolyard tyrant with a giant pink bow in her hair.
The first episode of Hey Arnold!—composed of the segments “Downtown As Fruits” and “Eugene's Bike”—was the opening salvo in a campaign promoted on-air as “More Nick.” Shepherded by newly minted network head Herb Scannell, More Nick filled a vacancy left by Nickelodeon's broadcast competitors, who were increasingly inclined to hand over the once-federally-mandated Family Viewing Hour to more mature fare like Friends, Beverly Hills 90210, and Martin. Emailing with The A.V. Club in 2016, Hey Arnold! creator Craig Bartlett said that Scannell's primetime initiative “put me at ease,” providing an extra year for the production of the show's first season. “He told me we didn't even have to be huge coming out of the gate, that we could take our time and find our audience as Nick went into prime time for the first time.”
Joining Hey Arnold! in this unchartered territory were a pair of Nick favorites—the sci-fi thriller The Secret World Of Alex Mack and the Saturday-night programming block Snick—and two newcomers: KaBlam! was a sort of Liquid Television for kids that took place in the pages of a comic book, while The Jim Henson Company brought the Cat In The Hat, The Grinch, and Yertle The Turtle to life in The Wubbulous World Of Dr. Seuss. In one of the many More Nick promos still circulating on YouTube, Alex Mack stars Larisa Oleynik and Darris Love introduce the roster, giving viewers a mouthful of an abbreviation to remember it by: “HA-AM-HA-AM-Kablam-S-W.” In a pre-DVR era, when VCR timers and TV Guide reigned supreme, tongue-in-cheek mnemonics counted for a lot.
Advertisement
And yet Bartlett and the Hey Arnold! team nearly missed their opening bow. As he recalls, the show's premiere party at a now-defunct Hollywood club had everything—DJs, a contortionist, lots of drinks, not enough food—but a proper TV hookup. “I wanted to show the premiere as it came on, live, but it turned out that club was on a satellite East Coast feed, so the show had aired two hours earlier when we got there,” he said. “Somebody ran home and taped it on their VHS deck and brought the tape, which we watched at 8 p.m. and no one knew the difference.”
Reflecting on the first episode, Bartlett touched on the tone and templates it set for Hey Arnold!'s early goings: The “instantly terrifying” Helga; the friendship between Arnold and Gerald, put to the test when they get stranded on their way to a school play. Arnold's best intentions meet their match in the second segment, “Eugene's Bike,” in which the “perfect day” he orchestrates for the title character begets a series of minor disasters, one of which unexpectedly spilled into the real world. According to Bartlett, at least “three actual kids” were inspired to use the Heimlich maneuver on friends or family after seeing Arnold use it to successfully dislodge a chunk of hot dog from Eugene's throat.
Advertisement
“I'm most proud of the vibe of that first half-hour,” he said. “It's funky and nocturnal, lots of blues and purples and blacks, and there's some danger and violence, but when Arnold walks off into the night and the end credits roll, you feel like the city is his friend, and he'll be back with more stories.”
Today, Arnold is poised to come back for one more story: Hey Arnold!: The Jungle Movie, a long-gestating coda coming to Nickelodeon in 2017. Asked how he hopes the show is remembered in 2036, Bartlett said, “Twenty years from now, we can commemorate how, 20 years after it first premiered, Hey Arnold! got a chance to reboot and go back into production and finally make The Jungle Movie, the story where Arnold travels to Central America to solve the mystery of his missing parents. That's what I'm working on now. It's huge closure for a bunch of us here. I don't think this kind of thing happens very often.”
Advertisement
And if it weren't for Nickelodeon's share of the TV landscape ballooning just a little bit in the fall of 1996, it might not have happened at all.
Despite objections from secularists, the phrase “In God We Trust” has been the official motto of the United States since 1956. It is emblazoned on every denomination of coinage and paper currency, and is therefore present in every home and business in the entire country. We carry it with us in our wallets and purses and pockets wherever we go, nearly every day until we die. In other words, it is not nearly ubiquitous enough, says Republican congressman Randy Forbes of Virginia:
The measure, which is sponsored by Rep. Randy Forbes (R-Va.), would encourage public buildings, schools and government facilities to display the phrase. It declares that “In God We Trust” and sentiments behind it have been an “integral” part of the United States, and “in times of national challenge or tragedy, the people of the United States have turned to God as their source for sustenance, protection, wisdom, strength, and direction.”
Truly a pressing issue. Unfortunately for Forbes, the Republican House came into power promising a more efficient government and laserlike focus on the economy. It doesn't have the time or taxpayer money to waste on meaningless gestures like this one. In fact, it has specifically outlawed them, as the Washington Post's Felicia Sonmez points out:
At the beginning of the 112th Congress, House Republicans instituted new rules against most symbolic and commemorative resolutions, arguing that such measures were wasteful and made up one-third of all legislation considered by the previous Congress.
The House GOP takes the rule so seriously, it didn't even pass a resolution congratulating the armed forces and intelligence community after Osama bin Laden was killed in May, because, as House Majority Leader Eric Cantor explained then, “we've said since we assumed the majority that we want to be substantive and meaningful.”
So tough luck, Forbes. Guess you'll just have to — wait, what? Seriously?
Republicans may be trying to focus their messaging on jobs and the economy — and hammering President Barack Obama for campaigning — but they still have time for some red meat base-baiting on the House floor.
To be fair, it's not as if voting on Forbes's dumb “reaffirming that our motto is still our motto” resolution is going to distract Congress from all of the actually important things that it's not working on.
Republicans Shift Focus From Jobs to God [Roll Call]
Social issues return to fore with ‘In God We Trust' resolution [WP]
'In God We Trust' gets a House vote [Politico]
Search Gallery Soldier of Love ladycammi 4 Solider of Thunder and Courage ladycammi 4 Advertisement Advertisement Soldiers of Flame and Passion ladycammi 1 Soldier of Wisdom ladycammi 3 Soldiers of Love and Justice ladycammi 7 Ezreal, the Prodigal Explorer ladycammi 0 Leona, the Radiant Dawn ladycammi 4 DDR Storm XIV: A Storm Reborn ladycammi 1 Olaf ladycammi 1 Quinn and Valor Mask ladycammi 3 Concept Art Practice ft. Akali ladycammi 16 Sherlock and Watson - Undercover at the Lucky Cat ladycammi 33 League of Legends Season 3 Digi-Art Throwdown ladycammi 25 Adventures with Color ft. Moriarty ladycammi 8 Discovering Sting ladycammi 4 Merida the Frost Archer ladycammi 127 Disney Fab 5 x Street Fighter ladycammi 76 When Will My Life Begin? ladycammi 6 Smoke and Mirrors ladycammi 61 Kingdom Hearts 2 Commission ladycammi 6 Duck Maul ladycammi 3 Sean in Archer-style ladycammi 0 Guild Wars Wintersday 2008 ladycammi 2
Ireland's prime minister, Leo Varadkar, issued a stark warning that the progress of the Brexit negotiations was at great risk of even further delay, during a day of stinging public rebukes for Theresa May as she met sceptical EU leaders at a Swedish summit.
The Irish taoiseach emerged from a frosty bilateral meeting with May at the European social summit and said: “I can't say in any honesty that it's close – on the Irish issue or on the financial settlement.”
Varadkar said he would not be prepared to back progress of the Brexit negotiations to trade talks at the summit in December without a formal written guarantee there would be no hard border in Ireland. Britain, he said, “wants a divorce, but an open relationship the day after”.
At the summit in Gothenburg, the president of the European council, Donald Tusk, gave the UK government an ultimatum that progress needed to be made on the Irish border and the financial settlement. Tusk also hit back at suggestions by the Brexit secretary, David Davis, that the UK needed to see more compromise from Brussels: “I appreciate Mr Davis's English sense of humour.”
Q&A What is a hard Brexit? Show Hide A hard Brexit would take Britain out of the EU's single market and customs union and ends its obligations to respect the four freedoms, make big EU budget payments and accept the jurisdiction of the ECJ: what Brexiters mean by “taking back control” of Britain's borders, laws and money. It would mean a return of trade tariffs, depending on what (if any) FTA was agreed. See our full Brexit phrasebook.
May spoke to several European leaders on the fringes of the social summit including France's president, Emmanuel Macron, and the Swedish prime minister, Stefan Löfven. Government sources admitted it was clear from the meetings that more work was needed to make progress, though they insisted the tone was constructive.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Leo Varadkar (left) and Theresa May chat before a session at the European social summit in Gothenburg. Photograph: Jonathan Nackstrand/AFP/Getty Images
Leaving the summit in Gothenburg, Sweden, May told reporters she agreed that more needed to be done to advance the negotiations. “But we are clear and I am clear that what we need to do is move forwards together and that's how we can ensure that we are going to get the best deal for the UK and for the EU,” the prime minister said.
Tusk said the UK needed to do more on the two key issues. “While good progress on citizens' rights is being made, we need to see much more progress on Ireland and on the financial settlement,” he told a press conference in Gothenburg.
He said he had told May in an earlier bilateral meeting that “this progress needs to happen at the beginning of December at the latest”, and that he hoped some movement will have been made by the time the two leaders meet again next Friday.
The president said the EU was ready to move on to the second phase of the Brexit talks, which will discuss the future trade relationship and transition period. These are due to begin, with the approval of the council, at its next summit in Brussels on 14-15 December. Later he told reporters he was “cautious but optimistic” that talks could still progress.
Tusk's deadline of the beginning of December will give May some crucial extra time to build consensus in Europe and around her own cabinet table, particularly over the financial settlement. Michel Barnier, the EU's chief negotiator, had initially said Brussels needed to see progress by next Friday.
Downing Street said May's meeting next Friday with Tusk was pre-arranged and would take place in Brussels at the Eastern Partnership summit.
Varadkar's warning was the most blunt, though the EU is likely to take the lead from Ireland when it assesses whether enough genuine progress has been made on the issue of the border with Northern Ireland, one of the three key topics which must be agreed before talks progress to trade.
“We've been given assurances that there will be no hard border in Ireland, that there won't be any physical infrastructure, that we won't go back to the borders of the past,” Varadkar said before his meeting with May. “We want that written down in practical terms in the conclusions of phase one.”
Leaving the summit several hours later, Varadkar said he was not satisfied with the progress. “After 40 years of marriage, most of them good, now Britain wants a divorce, but an open relationship the day after,” he told Sky News. “We have heard now for 18 months … that the UK does not want a hard border in Ireland. But after 18 months of the right language we need to understand how that can be achieved in law.”
“We don't have a counter-proposal from the UK government yet which makes any sense, but we would certainly welcome one,” he said.
Earlier at the summit, Varadkar was scathing about UK politicians who had backed Brexit: “It's 18 months since the referendum. It's 10 years since people who wanted a referendum started agitating for one. Sometimes it doesn't seem like they have thought all this through.”
A UK government source said it had been “clear from the outset there will be no hard border”, but admitted that significantly more progress was needed before the two countries would see eye to eye. Sources referred to several official documents already released by the UK government that made commitments on the Irish border.
EU leaders must agree that sufficient progress has been made on three key areas before talks can move on to a future trade deal. They are the UK's financial settlement with the EU, the rights of EU citizens in the UK and British citizens in Europe, and the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic.
If it is not agreed at the December summit that sufficient progress has been made, it may mean no progress is guaranteed until the next scheduled European council meeting in March.
In the UK, internal discussions of the financial settlement were still taking place. Boris Johnson, backed by other cabinet Brexiters, has been arguing for the government to refuse to make a firm offer to settle Britain's EU liabilities before receiving assurances about the outlines of a future trade deal. Johnson regards the financial settlement as one of the government's strongest negotiating cards, which it would be folly to play upfront.
That would appear to fly in the face of the “sufficient progress” condition placed by the EU. Anand Menon, the director of thinktank UK in a Changing Europe, said: “This is for the birds. The EU has made quite clear that there's a sequence.”
The foreign secretary and his allies are also pressing for more clarity within the cabinet at home about the nature of the deal the government hopes to achieve, before they are willing to back the idea of pushing the potential bill above €20bn (£18bn).
“It's about a conversation about ‘what is the end state?'”, said one Johnson ally. “If we're going to stump up a significant amount of taxpayers' money we should know what we're getting in return.”
Davis would also like assurances about a future trade deal. But he is said by allies to be more relaxed about the ultimate size of the bill because he did not play a leading role in the Vote Leave campaign and is not personally associated with the pledge of £350m for the NHS.
Michigan State Football coach Mark Dantonio has made it his personal mission to loathe everything Michigan. I guess that is fine, but being disrespectful is another matter. Brady Hoke may refer to Ohio State as Ohio, but he shows the utmost respect for the program. Dantonio took his antics to a new level today at the Michigan High School Football Coaches Associated Winners' Circle Clinic.
Michigan WR coach and recruiting coordinator Jeff Hecklinski was filling in for Brady Hoke today. Hoke was unavailable because he was at the Bear Bryant Award ceremony, as he was one of the finalists. Perhaps that is what stoked Dantonio's fire on this day.
Hecklinski thought he had a 15 minute window to deliver a speech and started to get into a very detailed and compelling breakdown of Michigan's recruiting strategy. Dantonio then cut Hecklinski off during the middle of his presentation and very distastefully said, we're not here to listen to this move on. As Mlive is reporting: A red-faced Hecklinski took a seat on the stage, joined by the rest of the panel, which included coaches from Wayne State, Siena Heights and Alma.
Dantonio explained his actions to Mlive by saying: “I really didn't know how this would work in this forum; it was the first time we've ever done this and I just didn't know how this would work,” Dantonio said. “I didn't want it to be a recruiting (speech for only Michigan).”
[David Harns: Michigan fans are over-reacting to this incident]
Remember back when Michigan last beat the Spartans in 2007? Dantonio uttered his now infamous words about the Michigan Football program, “Pride comes before the fall.”
His outrage was because of the “moment of silence” demonstration that the Michigan players had after the game. That was a result of Dantonio's comments after Michigan was upset by Appalachian State earlier in the year. He was asked about the loss and sarcastically and with his best attempt at a smile said, “Should we have a moment of silence?” He also spent time having a verbal war of words with Michigan RB Mike Hart and made fun of him for being short. That's cool, a College Football coach getting into a war of words with a senior player on another team and ridiculing him for being short.
John U. Bacon described another classic Dantanio move in his book, Three and Out
When Mark Dantonio got off his team bus, however, he was note feeling quite as cheerful. He had suffered a mild heart attack shortly after State's overtime victory against Notre Dame and had not been allowed to coach from the sidelines since, but he still went to every game.
A crowd control volunteer greeted all the opposing coaches when they stepped down from the bus, and, he told me, they had always appreciated it. Well, almost always.
“Coach Dantonio,” he said, extending his hand, “I just want to wish you a speedy recovery and welcome you to Michigan Stadium.”
Dantonio brushed his hand away. “Get the hell outta here.”
It's ok to “hate” Michigan and rile up the fans, but to be disrespectful and boorish is another matter altogether. It seems he has forgotten his own words, “Pride comes before the fall.” Michigan's resurgence under Brady Hoke is not a good thing for Dantonio and he knows it. The Spartans are already feeling the effects in recruiting. During the Rodriguez era, MSU enjoyed unprecedented recruiting success in the state of Michigan. That has all ended with the arrival of Hoke and his staff. The Wolverines have verbal commitments from 7 of the top 10 propects in the state of Michigan, MSU has 1 of the top 10.
All-Hazards Guide
You can find a copy of the guide at the following locations: City Halls City Fire Departments All libraries Pinellas County Courthouses Tax Collector offices
Knowledge is Power –
From panic to peace of mind
Getting prepared for any type of disaster is a simple matter and it starts with knowing what you will need to do. It's the first step to keeping yourself and your family safe.
Here in Pinellas County, there is the potential for hazards as a result of severe weather or man-made disasters. One of the greatest hazards that we face is hurricanes, with the Atlantic Hurricane Season running June 1 to Nov. 30. Basic steps should be taken year-round to keep yourself, your family, and your property safe.
This guide offers useful information to help everyone make a plan, whether you are a homeowner or renter, have a special need or know someone who does, and whether you have children, pets, or a business. Tailor your plan to your life.
After you use this guide, put it in a safe place with your other important papers, and rest assured that you have planned to replace panic with peace of mind.
Some hurricane key preparation steps include:
A JEHOVAH'S Witness has uncovered a huge secret drug crop in a suburban house while doorknocking in a quiet street in Melbourne's east.
The 77-year-old, did not wish to be identified, was surprised to find the door had been left wide open and the deadlock smashed in on the unassuming red brick house.
Fearing the Joseph St residence in Blackburn North had been burgled and a resident injured inside, he called police.
He never imagined what was really inside — five rooms packed with cannabis plants.
“For me, there was something wrong,” he told the Herald Sun.
“There was a lot of damage to the wooden door. It looked like they used a crow bar or something to jimmy it open.
“I put one foot in and peeped around. I called out ‘Is anybody there?' several times but got no answer.
“It then crossed my mind that the person who had broken in may have still been in there so I didn't want to go in and I called police.
“I thought they'd go in and find the people were on holidays and had been burgled, a TV stolen or something. It came as a surprise when I was told there was something growing inside.”
Police swooped on the property after getting his concerned call about 2pm on Monday.
They discovered all of the bedrooms had been gutted and turned into a hydroponic cannabis-growing setup, with integrated lighting and reticulated irrigation for about 75 plants.
Stacks of fertiliser were also stored throughout the house.
And the electricity supply had been tampered with to provide power for the crops.
Detective Sergeant Dennis Harnetty, from Whitehourse CIU, said it was a “professional” and “self-contained system” that did not need a crop-sitter to live there and tend to the plants.
“All of the bedrooms were occupied by plants,” he said. “It was a self-contained system once it was up and going.
“People would just come and check it throughout the night.”
He said the property had been privately rented out about six months ago without the landlord knowing of the intended illegal use.
It sustained more than $100,000 worth of damage.
“We have made contact with the owner and he was pretty well devastated,” he said.
“The walls, ceilings, carpets, basically everything has been gutted.”
The drug stash did not shock police, who come across houses used to grow cannabis every week.
The same could not be said for neighbours.
“I couldn't believe this was going on right under our noses,” said one man, who lives on the cul-de-sac.
“I very rarely seen who lived there.
“Their movements were unusual though. They would only rock up during the night. I just thought they did night shifts.”
Det-Sgt Harnetty said an investigation was underway to catch those involved in the plantation.
He urged anyone with information about the drug house to call Crime Stoppers anonymously on 1800 333 000 or visit www.crimestoppers.com.au
TITLE: HS Crime Stoppers banner 650x72
Censorship Versus Appeasement
Posted on October 30, 2012 by Nickolai Niver
This site has been aflame since last night with an onslaught of comments related to Islam. The recent upset is up due to a news piece we posted concerning Tekken Tag Tournament 2 getting a patch to remove “Allah's name” from a stage. This tiny, almost invisible problem has caused a literal uproar. On one hand, there Muslims requesting stuff like this be taken down. Then, on the other side, are people telling the Islamic community to grow up (albeit, in more colorful language than that). While I can't be more thankful that I have entertaining content to read over my morning cup of tea, there are some points in all of this that I find troublesome.
Video games are viewed in multiple perspectives. To developers, it's a business, and keeping customers happy is good business. Alternatively, censorship is a powerful tool that is being very much abused in our culture. This abuse, as sad as it is, is caused by forced favoritism in the game industry.
I remember reading an interesting bit a few months ago about an entire Call of Duty map getting pulled because it contained content that might be offensive to the Islamic culture. As soon as this was announced, it stirred up many gamers who had been complaining that Modern Warfare 2 had 'broken' weapons that were ruining their experience with the title (I'm completely ignoring the fact that MW2 is still being played in 2012 for inexplicable reasons). They seemed quite upset that a tiny graphic was causing a complete revamp of a map while they were still dealing with those noobs with P90s. Why did the Muslims get the game changed just to make them happy?
Because it's business 101.
As of 2005, roughly 21% of the world was recorded as Muslim, to some extent or another. From a business owner's prospective, if a potential 21%, or even as little as 10% of your customers are mad at you and refuse to buy your product, your profit will suffer significantly. Those butt-hurt players who don't like “Mr. I have no life and spawn camp with the AK-47”? They're still going to buy Black Ops 2 because sheep are sheep. On the other hand, religion is a very powerful thing.
I'm a member of a religion that considers the consumption of alcohol as foolish. While I have no qualms with people who drink alcohol, it would be difficult for me to recall an event where I woke up one morning in a bathtub filled with Jell-O, with a lady's undergarment atop my head. To put it simply, my religion has recommended I don't drink, and I don't. Now then, what would happen if a religious leader blacklisted a game and recommended all of its religious followers don't purchase the title? Sales would plummet.
I don't want anybody to get the wrong idea on my stance. The last 3 paragraphs were simply a logical way of viewing the events of the past few days. Realistically, this gets my blood boiling. Not because I'm a bigot who thinks all Muslims should be force fed bacon laced with alcohol from someone's left hand. Rather, I don't like favoritism.
There was no uproar by Catholics when Assassin's Creed series went off and painted their religious figures as tyrants who badly needed a good neck stabbing. There were a few complaints by predominantly Islamic countries during the first installment of AC. These complaints were so bad that Ubisoft had to be VERY careful when they took players to Constantinople (not Istanbul, but Constantinople) in Revelations. Remember folks, it's OK to insult Christianity, but Shiva forgive you if so much as try to depict Arabs in a negative light, regardless of if what you're doing is historically accurate.
The Assassin's Creed series have spent at least 4 installments killing the Templar and good, Christian people of the world over. That's fine with most people as the characters they kill should be relevant to the plot and unlikable as a whole. However, despite many of these contracts being Catholic, if not the freaking pope himself, I have never read anything about Assassin's Creed being banned by the Vatican. However, Assassin's Creed did get banned in Saudi Arabia for “negative portrayal of Arabs”. While I'm no expert on religion, I'm pretty sure putting a pope on a pike is somewhat more deserving of censorship than “Historical accurate depictions used to maintain atmosphere bother me”.
Here's what everything boils down to. Politely asking for clarity on something, or requesting it being removed because it violates your religious code is fine. Making it so game developers are horrified to depict something as slightly negative through passive-aggressive actions not only violates basic human rights, it's counter-productive to your society. Islamic faith aside, I don't know any culture that can tie a game developer's hands enough that the vast majority try to avoid the religion at all costs.
Call of Duty has Nazi soldiers being depicted as scum that make great bullet magnets. Grand Theft Auto seems to have this odd love of promoting racial stereotypes to a hilarious extreme. Saints Row The Third made fun of Japanese culture for hours on end with Professor Genki. Even Sesame Street has a Romanian with a fetish for basic math. The difference between all these cultures and Islam is that I don't see the internet become a vicious hate machine every time something regarding any of these races or cultures are brought up. Do you know why? Because they relax, let the inaccuracies roll off of them, and go on with their lives.
If a floor or a portrait depicting something that could be misconstrued as negative is offending you, please ask for it to be fixed. Only truly ignorant people would deny you the right to enjoy a fighting game that has no religious agenda. However, if you can't take someone occasionally slandering your culture (you know, just like everyone else's) you do not deserve to have any influence in the world, and especially on what I enjoy during my leisure time.
Plans to expand Western Michigan University's Business, Technology, and Research Park at Colony Farm Orchard have been met with controversy. The university got the property with the caveat that it could not be developed. But in 2010, the state got rid of that restriction.
Environmentalists are worried about plants and wildlife on the site as well as in nearby Asylum Lake Preserve. The discovery of a rare species of orchid on the site has given environmentalists hope that Western might change its plans.
Western's landscape services found the orchid back in September, just a couple hundred feet from U-S 131. It's called Spiranthes ovalis - or Lesser Ladies Tresses. It's a threatened species in Michigan, which means - if efforts aren't taken to save it - the orchid will likely become endangered.
Western Biological Sciences Professor Todd Barkman says until last year, only seven Lesser Ladies Tresses had ever been found in the entire state - but he says 2015 was an interesting year for the orchids.
“There was one sighting near the Kal-Haven Trail here in Kalamazoo County and then a second one was reported here at the Colony Farm Orchard at WMU. And then another Spiranthes finding…orchid was found over in the east side of town in a preserve, Southwest Michigan Land Conservancy preserve.”
Barkman sent samples of the three plants to a lab for DNA testing. After a lot of waiting, he finally got back the results in December. Two of them were confirmed as Lesser Ladies Tresses. The one at the Southwest Michigan Land Conservancy preserve was a different species never seen in Kalamazoo County, called Spiranthes romanzoffiana.
Fortunately for architects of the WMU research park expansion, the orchid at Colony Farm is on the western edge of the property and not in the middle of their proposed plans. Bob Miller is associate vice president of community relations at Western. He says the architects have come up with a design that accommodates the orchid.
“It will remain in the open space or the green space. There will be development around it but not encroaching upon it. So our plan is to in essence ‘work around' - if you will - the orchid.”
Miller says they thought about transplanting it to Asylum Lake Preserve. But Barkman said no - we don't know enough about the orchid to move it. Just about every place the orchid has been found in Kalamazoo County is unlike the other.
“It's safe to conclude that we don't know much about what this orchid likes and what it requires to become established at any given location,” he says.
Barkman says orchids are also just sensitive in general.
“Orchids are difficult because they frequently have relationships with what are called Mycorrhizal fungi - or a type of mushroom - that associates with its roots and lives in mutualism with it. So it's not so easy to take away an orchid from a site and hope that it will establish those same relationships in a new site.” But leaving the orchid at Colony Farm is a risk too. Construction often comes with dust and runoff. Miller says Western is going to do everything it can to make sure the orchid survives. “But who knows? No one has a crystal ball and we're going to do our best.”
WMU senior biology student Shaana Way serves on the advisory committee for the research park project, along with Barkman. She's also in the Western beekeeping club that keeps its hives on the Colony Farm property.
Way says the fact that a rare plant like Lesser Ladies Tresses grows in Colony Farm shows that the old orchard is more than just a green space. She says the university should do a site survey before starting any development there.
“Who knows - we might find more rare species and that would just increase the value of that property,” she says.
Miller says the design team for the WMU research park expansion project will do a tree inventory at Colony Farm, but right now there are no plans to study other plants at the site.
Architects for the expansion are gathering public input on the project. Western is expecting a matching grant from the U.S. Economic Development Administration once the design plan is complete. Miller says they're hoping to break ground this fall.
In the EPFL's scheme, vehicles can travel together as a convoy that doesn't have any particular "leader." Rather, they work as a group with other vehicles in the near vicinity, sharing GPS, laser, video camera and other sensor data via WiFi. That way, each vehicle can take advantage of its neighbor's "eyes" to sense hazardous situations and better coordinate their movements.
The system is managed by special algorithms that allow cars "to work together and achieve complex group behavior," says researcher Alcherio Martinoli. That allows the convoy to reorganize and adapt when vehicles join the group, change lanes or exit. To prove that it works, they did a demo on Swedish roads with three vehicles, including a robotic and non-robotic car, along with a robotic big-rig truck (video, above). When a vehicle wants to merge, "it sends a specific message and the others reorganize to leave enough space," says EPFL's Guillaume Jornod.
While three cars isn't a lot, "for the first time we were able to validate what we had achieved in a simulation," says Martinoli, adding that it should be relatively easy to scale up. The point, he adds, is to put the coordination algorithms on top of the robotic driving tech, but make it robust enough to handle regular, unconnected cars, too. "We are hoping that, with a rise in demand, carmakers will come up with ever cheaper solutions for converting legacy vehicles ... and that we will be able to deploy and improve this multi-lane convoy system."
[Updated] 20 Tourists Dead, Costa Cancels Tunisia Stops
By MarEx 2015-03-23 16:21:37
MSC Cruises has confirmed that 12 of its guests from MSC Splendida were killed when gunmen killed 20 foreign tourists visiting a museum in Tunisia.
Those killed included two from Colombia, three from France, three from Japan, two from Spain, one from the U.K. and one from Belgium. Additionally, 13 guests were injured, two seriously.
MSC Cruises has extended its deepest sympathies to the families and loved ones of the victims. “In the early hours of the evening, MSC Cruises' Care Team reached the ship in Tunis. They've immediately set out to work to start providing assistance and support to guests in this heart-breaking moment,” said the company in a statement.
Tunisia to deploy army
Tunisia said it would deploy the army to major cities and arrested nine people on Thursday after the shooting at the national Bardo museum, the worst attack on the North African country in more than a decade.
Japanese, Italian, Spanish and British visitors were among those killed when at least two militants opened fire on two tourist buses during a visit to the museum inside Tunisia's heavily guarded parliament compound.
The assault -- the worst attack involving foreigners in Tunisia since a 2002 suicide bombing in Djerba -- came at a fragile moment for a country just emerging to full democracy after its Arab Spring uprising four years ago.
It is heavily reliant on foreign tourists to its beach resorts and desert treks, and the government was about to tackle politically sensitive reforms aimed at boosting economic growth.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility, but such an attack had long been feared. Tunisians make up the one of the largest contingents of foreign fighters in Syria, Iraq and Libya and their homeland's young democracy was a clear potential target.
The two militants shot dead by security forces in the Bardo attack had been identified as Tunisians, Hatem al-Khashnawi and Yassin al-Abidi. Two local newspapers reported Abidi had spent time in Iraq and Libya, but officials did not confirm that.
Tunisia's Prime Minister Habib Essid said Abidi had been under surveillance but "not for anything very special."
"We have identified them, it is indeed these two terrorists," the premier told French RTL radio. "Their affiliation is not clear at the moment."
Authorities said they had arrested four people directly linked to the attack and five others with indirect ties.
Tunisian forces had already cracked down on militants who emerged after the 2011 revolt. But Islamic State fighters are gaining ground in the chaos in neighboring Libya and Tunisian nationals are prominent in their ranks.
Counter-terrorism
The president's office said the army would be deployed to the streets as part of increased security following the attack. "After a meeting with the armed forces, the president has decided large cities will be secured by the army," it said.
The number of foreign tourists killed rose to 20 from 17, the health minister said. Three Tunisians were also killed.
London said on Thursday a British woman was among the dead in an incident it said was cowardly and despicable.
Four years after a popular revolt toppled autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali, Tunisia has completed its transition to democracy with free elections, a new constitution and compromise politics between secular and Islamist parties.
But security forces are battling Islamist militants including Ansar al Sharia, which is listed as a terrorist group by Washington, and Okba Ibn Nafaa, a brigade of al Qaeda-affiliated fighters operating in the Chaambi mountains along the Algerian border.
The fight against these militants may have played a role in prompting the museum attack, said Geoff Porter, security analyst at North Africa Risk Consulting. "Increasing pressure on terrorist activities in the Djebel Chaambi region may have squeezed the balloon, with terrorists seeking softer targets with more symbolic impact," he said.
Foreign fighters
One former commander in Tunisia's Ansar al Sharia was killed last week fighting for Islamic State in Libyan city of Sirte. He had been running training and logistics, security sources said.
Tunisian and foreign security services on Thursday were still piecing together whether the two young Tunisian militants were associated with Islamic State or an Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb affiliated group.
Poland's Foreign minister Grzegorz Schetyna told local radio that there were signs that the attackers were linked to Islamic State militants, but he gave no details.
A daily Islamic State news broadcast distributed online also mentioned the Tunis attack, describing the perpetrators as Mujahideen and asking God to receive them as martyrs in paradise. But it did not claim direct responsibility.
A social media account linked to Okba Ibn Nafaa brigade also provided details of the attack, without a direct claim of responsibility. But that group has also issued conflicting statements in the past about its position on Islamic State.
The Bardo attack appeared squarely aimed at Tunisia's economy, with tourism accounting for 7% of gross domestic product. The government estimates that losses this season for the tourism sector would reach $700 million.
Two German tour operators said they were cancelling trips from Tunisia's beach resorts to Tunis for a few days and Accor, Europe's largest hotel group, said it had tightened security at its two hotels in Tunisia. Italy's Costa Cruises, a unit of Carnival Corp, canceled stops in Tunisia.
A statement said the company had decided to "cancel all the forthcoming stops our ships are due to make in Tunisia." It did not say how long the suspension would last, but a spokeswoman for the company said it could remain in place for the rest of the year.
Among the notable features in The Making of the American Essay, the third and concluding volume of editor John D'Agata's trio of anthologies exploring the ways that the essay form has been shaped over the years, is the inclusion of a number of works that aren't technically essays. There are plenty of nonfictional touchstones in the book, including works by the likes of Gay Talese, Kathy Acker, and James Baldwin, but the borders established by D'Agata are porous: certain pieces line up with the chronology around which the book is organized, but not all of them do. And there's a strong sense of the multidisciplinary. Within this sizable tome, one will also find an excerpt from Herman Melville's Moby-Dick; William Gass's short story “In the Heart of the Heart of the Country;” and Kenneth Goldsmith's poem “All the Numbers in Numbers.” D'Agata intersperses introductory texts before each piece, which give a sense of what was happening in American society and culture at around the time that a given piece was written. Or, in certain cases, for the year to which a given piece written much later corresponds.
Halfway through the book, D'Agata invokes the photography of Ansel Adams, and writes something that serves as a touchstone for much of what has already come and is yet to follow. He describes Adams as trying to figure out “how to make photography work, how to render with light and luck the deep and powerful truths that he feels when in the mountains.” D'Agata then quotes comments made by Adams closer to the time of his death, when he spoke of his desire to express “something that is built up from within, rather than something extracted from without.” Given that this is found in a book titled The Making of the American Essay, rather than The Making of the American Photograph, one can assume that D'Agata intended for this notion to have a cross-disciplinary application.
The idea of an essay as something built up from within serves as as good a place as any in terms of demarcating where a personal essay ends and memoir begins. Think of works such as Thomas Lynch's The Undertaking: Life Studies From the Dismal Trade, which could just as easily turn up in a list of acclaimed memoirs as it might in a consideration of notable essay collections. As D'Agata's recent anthology shows, the lines between essays and other literary forms are often blurred. Wendy S. Walters's collection Multiply/Divide opens with a prefatory note explaining which literary category each of its pieces falls into. Calling it an essay collection wouldn't be entirely accurate, but neither would it be incorrect.
The essay is increasingly expanding its reach, both stylistically and in terms of the number of mediums in which works that can be considered essays exist. In The Making of the American Essay, more experimental forms are used to demonstrate the techniques available to essay writers. John Cage's “Lecture on Nothing” is presented with a style of spacing that may be confusing to readers at first. Gradually, however, the way that those spaces work with the rhythms of the text of Cage's lecture begins to cohere, as does its relationship to silence. (D'Agata's note introducing it references Cage's 4' 33”.) Absence as a device can be used powerfully in the essay. Jenny Bouilly's 2002 The Body: An Essay takes an even bolder structural decision: it is organized as a grouping of footnotes annotating an otherwise unseen text. Some of the footnotes in turn contain their own footnotes, or lists, or extended quotations, and the result is a head-twistingly bravura feat in which literary form and narrative decisions embrace the unexpected.
Article continues after advertisement
How that translates to the experience of editors and readers is in a state of flux. Kristen Radtke is the Managing Editor of Sarabande Books, who have released some of the most interesting essay collections in recent years, including Walters's aforementioned Multiply/Divide, Elena Passarello's Let Me Clear My Throat, and Angela Pelster's Limber. “As an editor, I've been seeing a broader range in the kinds of essays I'm sent—in form, content, and the writers who are crafting them,” she told me. “The work is there, I think, but our capacity to talk about it might not be.” She noted that Maggie Nelson, Leslie Jamison, and John Jeremiah Sullivan, Jr. are often cited as reference points by agents pitching manuscripts to her. “I love those essayists,” she said, “but the frequency with which a few names are cited shows there's room to expand our canon. That's always going to start with reading widely.”
For Radtke, the influence of certain essayists on the form has been substantial. “I don't think we've seen a contribution to the form as expansive and considered as John D'Agata's anthologies. His introductions to each essay are essays in themselves,” she said, and also cited David Shields's Reality Hunger as significant for “the conversation it started about nonfiction and the essay.” Besides her editorial work with Sarabande, Radtke also creates comics—Imagine Wanting Only This, a work of graphic nonfiction, will be released in April of 2017 by Pantheon. “An essay or an essayistic mode can be employed in any genre,” she said. “I think the comics form is overrun with possibility.”
* * * *
Another form that has long ventured into the essayistic is film. The concept of the “cinematic essay,” much like its literary counterpart, has an “I know it when I see it” component differentiating it from a more traditional documentary. In a 2013 piece for The AV Club, Nathan Rabin praised Orson Welles's 1975 film F For Fake, which could certainly be categorized on the essay side of the aisle. “Welles' reality-warping cinematic essay uses the story of a series of famous frauds and hoaxes to explore the slippery line separating reality and deception,” wrote Rabin. Structurally, F For Fake is an odd film to watch: it contains numerous scenes of Welles wandering around Europe, discussing questions of forgery and holding forth on aesthetics, all while wearing a pretty excellent cape. It is also a film that makes abundant use of Welles's skills as an oral storyteller, including a lengthy section that draws in Pablo Picasso and has a fantastic structural payoff. Perhaps it's in this scene that the mark of this film's essayistic qualities resonates: although F for Fake is quintessentially cinematic–this is an Orson Welles film, after all–it also incorporates aspects of and references to other artistic disciplines. It isn't difficult to imagine some alternate history in which a book version of F For Fake left a huge impact on the literary world, and stood along with the essays of Susan Sontag (who also directed several films) as major touchstones for the form.
In addition to her work at Sarabande, Radtke is also the Film Editor for the long-running journal Triquarterly. The video essays in their latest issue encompass a variety of styles, from “Dimensions,” a concise portrait of artist Gray Foy, to José Orduña's “This Is Not My Home,” which opts for a much more impressionistic approach. In Orduña's film, an onrush of images of houses inside and out are juxtaposed with the narration, which acts a kind of negation of or counterpoint to the visuals. That declarative style evokes Joe Brainard's I Remember, which turns up towards the end of The Making of the American Essay. Orduña's film feels like a poem turned into sounds and images—but it also seems uniquely essayistic, and uniquely cinematic.
Article continues after advertisement
“There are certainly films branded as documentaries that are essays (Chris Marker's Sans Soleil being probably the most famous example),” Radtke told me. “For me, the definition of an essay is very clear—it's working to drive something out. Its concerns aren't stagnant or pre-ordained or prescribed. It evolves.”
In a 2013 roundtable discussion of Thom Andersen's 2003 documentary Los Angeles Plays Itself at The Dissolve, Scott Tobias noted that a certain type of video essay has grown in popularity in recent years. He pointed out that critics now have the ability “to assemble clips and voiceover with the ease of putting pen to paper,” and held up Los Angeles Plays Itself as a particular high point of that form. But throughout the conversation, which also included Keith Phipps, Nathan Rabin, and Tasha Robinson, there was some debate over just what kind of cinematic essay this film is. Robinson's take on the film works both as a summary of its stylistic range and as a testament to the strength of the essay in whatever medium it happens to exist:
Los Angeles Plays Itself in many ways comes across as a scholarly essay, dissecting the presentation of a city, then narrowing the focus to broad geographical features, specific buildings, and ultimately specific professions within it. It's thoughtful and analytical… except when it's subjective and personal.
“Thoughtful and analytical… except when it's subjective and personal” can also serve as a solid aesthetic definition for many an essay. It's certainly a way in which the dozens of works collected in D'Agata's latest anthology could find some common ground. The Making of the American Essay demonstrates one argument about the influence that other literary forms have had on the essay. Another can be found in a recent piece by Jonathon Sturgeon for Flavorwire, in which he examines the ways in which poetry has expanded the range of contemporary nonfiction, with a particular focus on Brian Blanchfield's recent essay collection Proxies. Near the end of his piece, Sturgeon points to one of the effects of poetry's influence: “The reanimation of old forms.” A reader of D'Agata's latest anthology will find plenty of echoes here.
The influence of poetry on essays doesn't only proceed in one direction. Poet Brandon Lewis is presently at work on a series of poems inspired by the essays of Michel de Montaigne. For him, the process began by reading through Montaigne's collected essays. “I was a little mystified by his titles and the interplay between his own life, history, and the quotes from the ancients that he dredges up so regularly,” Lewis said. “105 titles? From ‘On the Cannibals' to ‘On Pretending to be Ill' to ‘On Thumbs'–that felt like a challenge for poeming.”
Lewis's process generally begins with “whatever the title triggers,” he told me. That can lead to a vast array of historical references and imagery. For example, his poem “On Solitude” juxtaposes a very contemporary urban scene with language that evokes a much more classical literary tradition. When I asked Lewis about the way that he arrived at some of the poems, he listed a host of images and references:
For “That the soul discharges its emotions against false objects when lacking real ones,” I began with augury, Houdini and the doomsday pamphleteers lining the subway and that let me to the woods. For “On War-horses,” its my family and my relationship to [the] European invasion of the Americas.
“[W]hat's been exciting for me is feeling something at stake in each poem,” he said. “I've told myself to confess something, to give something away for each poem in the project. It's a good feeling.” Lewis's project, then, could be called an essayistic take on poetry that's inspired by essays. It's bringing the form back around to where it started, taking something from the well, and moving on. It's another demonstration of both the lasting influence of the essay, and of the ways in its form can gradually impact other disciplines and mediums, creating richer perspectives through which we readers and viewers can consider the world.
Tens of thousands of Georgians were left homeless after the war Western donors have pledged $4.55bn (£2.7bn;3.5bn euros) to help rebuild Georgia, two months after its conflict with Russia. The announcement followed a meeting of some 70 organisations and countries in Brussels, hosted by the European Commission and the World Bank. EU officials said the amount was far more than had been expected. In August, Moscow ousted Georgian troops from Georgia's rebel regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia. EU External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Walder said the sum included $3.7bn of public money and $850m from the private sector. "I must tell you that it is much more than we have thought, and therefore I think it's really a day of joy," said Ms Ferrero-Walder. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. She described the donations as an impressive sum, "especially in difficult times". Pledges from Western donors had expected to reach more than $3bn (£1.8bn). Some key donors had announced their pledges prior to the meeting, with the US pledging $1bn (£600m) and $700m (£429m) coming from the European Commission. The remaining amount was expected to come from EU governments and international bodies like the World Bank. Georgian Prime Minister Lado Gurgenidze said his country was "deeply moved and humbled by the demonstration of solidarity" from donors. "At a time like this, to show such support is something that no Georgian will ever forget." Long-term need Russia withdrew its troops from the "buffer zones" earlier this month At the opening of the conference, European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said there was a "moral imperative to help a neighbour in need" and that the European neighbourhood policy was "more than words, it's about actions". He said that by helping Georgia, a key energy transit country, the EU was also helping itself. The BBC's Oana Lungescu in Brussels said the conference was intended to send a strong signal of support and confidence in Georgia in its hour of need. With winter approaching, the focus of the aid process is expected to be on resettling almost 65,000 refugees whose homes were burned and looted in the war, says our correspondent. But much of the aid is for long-term needs, rebuilding infrastructure and restoring the confidence of foreign investors in Georgia's once fast-growing economy. Mr Gurgenidze said Georgia now had its "work cut out" to use the funds effectively. "Our commitment to the taxpayers of all of the countries ... is that every single euro, every single dollar, pound, whatever other currency, will make Georgia stronger, more prosperous, freer, more democratic and more genuinely and thoroughly European," he said. Critics have warned of the damage that could be done by such a large influx of money. Six Georgian opposition leaders sent an open letter to the conference urging donors to strictly monitor the funds allocation. They said this would ensure that the money reached the displaced people and helped economic recovery, rather than strengthening the administration of President Mikhail Saakashvili, which they said had provoked Russia's military intervention in August. Russia still has more than 7,000 troops in South Ossetia and Abkhazia and was not invited to donors conference. The Kremlin has drawn criticism from Western nations for recognising the two territories as independent states. The conference supports Georgia's territorial integrity and Russia has a different interpretation of that, one EU official explained.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
The realities of Seattle's $15/hr minimum wage are troublesome for conservative Chicken Littles who warned that it would collapse Seattle's economy. Propelled by workers and led by 15 Now and Socialist Alternative, the $15 movement had wrested a total of $3 billion from corporations to working families through raising the minimum wage. The new law, which started phasing into effect in April 2015, did not halt Seattle's growing economy. In the last year, the city gained 2.5% more jobs and saw average wages grow 3.5%, both consistently higher than the national average. Armed with new data, study after study debunked the myth that raising the minimum wage hurts the poor.
Against this tide of evidence, a new study from University of Washington, not yet peer reviewed, comes out with the opposite conclusion: the new minimum wage hurts low-wage workers, costing them an average of $125 per month in lost earnings through lowered hours or unemployment. Corporate media immediately seized upon the study to attack the $15/hr movement. “A campaign predicated on giving workers a raise lowered paychecks,” gloated the Wall Street Journal, telling workers that they can't be trusted to know what's good for them. 538.com headlined an article “Seattle's Minimum Wage Hike May Have Gone Too Far,” willingly discarding its brandname academic credibility and joining the ranks of pop science by citing a study that hasn't even passed peer review! These media outlets serve large corporations, which are afraid that the $15 victories in Seattle and elsewhere have emboldened workers to fight for and win living wages. Big business needs to discredit such worker-won victories, because more than the profit they could lose to a higher minimum wage what the capitalist class fears is that these empowering victories will inspire workers to wrest further gains from the bosses.
The authors of the study claim “The contrast between [their] conclusion and previous literature can be explained largely if not entirely by data limitations that [they] are able to circumvent in [their] analysis.” The study looks at both hourly earnings and hours worked, citing employment data that is only found in Washington and three other states. The authors note that “This unique dataset allows [them] to measure the average wage paid to each worker in each quarter,” something that previous minimum wage studies often had to measure by proxy. The use of more specific data is welcome, and the methodology of the study deserves serious examination.
So how does one look at Seattle's tremendous job and wage growth, and conclude that its workers are being impoverished by a higher minimum wage? The biggest flaw of the study is that it doesn't count workers who leave small business jobs for jobs at big businesses that pay more. The study looks only at single-site firms (businesses operating at one location) and multi-site firms that register each individual site (large businesses operating in many locations but registering each location independently, a rare practice). The study entirely excludes “multi-location firms that do not report employment separately by location” such as Starbucks and other large chains or franchises. While the study encompassed 89% of all firms in Washington state, the firms it analyzed accounted for only 1.7 million out of 2.7 million workers; this is because the authors did not have the data to definitively locate the rest of the firms in Seattle as opposed to the rest of the state. The study excludes up to two out every five workers, or over a million workers in total, all of whom worked in multi-site firms. The average number of employees per firm included in the analysis is only 14, while the average for excluded firms is 68, which skews the data heavily toward small businesses. This in turn erodes their conclusions, because Seattle small businesses pay a lower minimum wage due to a longer phase-in. In the years studied, 2015 and 2016, the minimum wage increased to $11 and $13 respectively for large businesses, but only to $10 and $10.50 respectively for small businesses. A minimum wageworker at a small business would gain an extra $1/hr by hopping to a large business in 2015 and an extra $2.50/hr in 2016, but because the study does not count most multi-site firms, this type of transition would not be counted as a wage increase but instead as a job loss!
As the minimum wage gap between small and large businesses increases, small business workers are more and more tempted to work at larger firms, a shift which is reflected in the study's “statistically weak evidence of reductions [in total hours worked for firms analyzed] in the first phase-in period followed by larger significant impacts in the second.” The authors erroneously claim that the second phase-in from $11 to $13 was too much of a jump and “the sum total of earnings paid to low-wage workers in Seattle might be maximized with a statutory minimum wage somewhere in the range of $9.47 to $11.” Whether a sleight of hand or an oversight, the study misleadingly takes the change in total hours worked for predominantly small businesses and attributes it to a different statutory minimum wage that only affects large businesses. The three-fifths of the workforce analyzed by the study generally saw the small business minimum wage of $10.50, not $13, while freely moving in a job market with large multi-site firms, excluded from the study, that actually did pay $13. It's possible that the so-called job loss seen by small businesses was actually the low-wage workforce shifting to larger businesses, not counted in the study, that offered a higher minimum wage.
The study also introduces a problematic definition of low-wage labor. It uses a $19/hr threshold to distinguish between a wage increase and a job loss. Someone getting a raise under $19/hr would be counted as a low-wage worker benefitting from the minimum wage increase; someone making the transition from $19/hr to $20/hr would be counted as a job loss for the low-wage workforce and dismissed as an exogenous addition to the non-low-wage workforce (presumably modeling unrelated growth in other workforces). The $19/hr threshold is constantly applied regardless of whether the statutory minimum wage is $9.47, $11, or $13. The number of low-wage workers defined this way will naturally shrink the closer the minimum wage gets to $19/hr, especially when that threshold starts off over twice the minimum wage but within a year quickly shrinks to less than 50% more.
It is no accident that in spite of the study's methodological flaws, its conclusions are being trumpeted by the corporate media, since they are extremely convenient for big business. The researchers themselves are far from neutral on their subject matter. One of the study's authors, Jacob Vigdor, is a former fellow of the American Enterprise Institute (AEI), a pro-corporate think tank that argues for increased privatization, abolishing the minimum wage, and other anti-worker policies. The study itself has received funding from pro-corporate sources like the Laura and John Arnold Foundation, a philanthropy group founded by a former Enron trader and hedge fund manager which pushes charter schools and the looting of public pensions; and the Smith Richardson Foundation, which has been a major donor to the AEI in the past. These foundations promote a particular framework of neoclassical economics, used by the study, that is tailor-made to justify the corporate agenda of disempowering and impoverishing workers. Which variables are considered unrelated, which coefficients to analyze, what models are used, are not solely academic choices but can be influenced also by political assumptions.
Studies like this are not isolated attacks on the gains of the working class. We can expect more research, articles, lawsuits, and even outright illegal actions from corporations to prevent the spread of the $15 movement. At the same time, rent, tuition, and prices of life necessities continue to rise and outstrip wage growth. These days, even $15/hr is not a livable wage!
But there is a kernel of truth in the many and varied attempts to ideologically undermine the $15 minimum wage: capitalism is completely incapable of providing living wages to working people on a long-term basis. Under capitalism, profits are made off the backs of workers, and corporations work relentlessly to lower labor costs, not raise them. Because of this, big business will never make its peace with $15, and working people must continue the fight to defend it. As Kshama Sawant said when the Seattle law first passed: “I appeal to all workers to join the movement. The attempts of business to undermine $15 will continue, well after this vote today. They may submit legal challenges, they may challenge at the ballot, they may wait for their moment to make the temporary ‘tip penalty' permanent. But today's message is clear: If we organize as workers, with a socialist strategy, we can tackle the chasm of income inequality and social injustice. $15 in Seattle is just a beginning. We have an entire world to win.”
This system was not made for working people. As long as capitalists control the media, banks and housing, the state, and the large corporations that make up the bulk of the economy, they will never run out of ways or means to attack and roll back working class gains or blunt victories in one sector by jacking up prices in another. To truly win living wages and a humane society we need to toss out the capitalists, take democratic ownership of the Fortune 500 companies that make up three quarters of the economy, and run the state and economy democratically under workers' control. We need a socialist transformation of society.
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele, who spoke to the Republican caucus, gestures from an elevator on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, May 4, 2010, following the weekly caucus luncheons. (AP Photo/Harry Hamburg)
TAMPA, Fla. -- As the Republican National Convention drew to a close, Michael Steele, the party's former chair, said that his party needed to do a better job of outreach to communities of color, and that the rhetoric around voter ID laws was a detriment to those efforts.
The party offered plum prime-time speaking spots to people of color, including two well-received speeches from former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez. But Steele said that he was disappointed at the contrast between the podium and the delegates in attendance.
"There were a lot of people of color on the stage, but my problem is that there weren't any on the floor," Steele told The Huffington Post on Thursday. "That's where the rubber hits the road."
Only 47 of the 2,286 delegates at this year's convention, or 2 percent, were African American, according to a report from the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies. That number is up from the party's 38 black delegates in 2008 (1.6 percent), but way down from the 85 and 167 who attended the convention in 2000 and 2004, respectively.
"The proof is in the numbers," Steele said.
Steele said that when he took over the Republican National Committee's helm in 2009, he tasked the organization with seeking out and grooming people of color to become delegates, local party officials and candidates for office. He said that since he left the chairmanship in 2011, he has flirted with the idea of starting a super PAC to train and support minority and women candidates, but has wanted to be sure that a party structure would support that goal. "You want to make sure you have more than Mia Love in a cycle," he said, referring to the Haitian-American congressional hopeful from Utah who spoke at the convention Tuesday night. "We were lucky to have a Tim Scott and Allen West."
"I hate this thing when you have one [person of color], and everybody just fixates on one -- and the goal is to create many," said Steele.
Diversifying the GOP isn't just good PR: it may be necessary for the party's national viability. The Republican base has gotten whiter and whiter, but whites are shrinking as a percentage of the overall electorate, which could spell trouble for Mitt Romney in November. The Republican nominee is doing so poorly with non-whites -- a recent poll even put his share of the black vote at 0 percent -- that, as reported in the National Journal, he will probably need to win three of every five white voters in order to win the White House. ("This is the last time anyone will try to do this," a Republican strategist told the Journal, of trying to win the presidency with a primarily white coalition.)
Steele also called the GOP's approach to voter ID laws "one of bad optics and bad messaging," which contributes to a sense among minorities that Republicans are antagonizing them, and consequently harms the GOP's outreach efforts.
"The way we have talked about it and the way we have, in some cases, bragged about it has been tone-deaf and irresponsible," Steele said, referring to comments like those of Mike Turzai, a Republican lawmaker in Pennsylvania who said that the state's voter ID law would help Mitt Romney carry the state in November. "Elections mean things, especially to the people who take the time to exercise their rights under the Constitution. When that's undermined by frivolous laws or harmful laws, I think that's harmful to the system."
Backers of the laws -- and the 11 states that have passed voter ID legislation since 2011 have all had Republican governors and legislatures -- say they are necessary to prevent in-person voting fraud, despite almost no evidence that it happens. But blacks, Latinos, young people and the poor are among the least likely groups to have government-issued identification but, significantly, are groups that are reliably Democratic voters. Voting rights groups have argued that the new laws amount to voter suppression.
Steele said that the security of the ballot is important, but listed several ways in which that end could be achieved without making voting more difficult. States should pay for the voter IDs, people should be able to get valid voter IDs at libraries, and places that traditionally distribute IDs, like the local DMV, should extend their hours "to allow that young mother, or someone who is working, to pick up their kids ... and then go on to vote," he said.
"We should make sure that if we're going to execute voter ID laws in this country, that we keep in mind the poor and we keep in mind those who [have obstacles to getting an ID]," he said, adding that having parents who vote can help children appreciate the electoral process.
"Those are the three answers that can help us, once we stop the insensitive and offensive language on this subject, so that we can get to actually doing the things that will encourage people to vote and participate," Steele said.
Steele also said the party should not try to reach out to black voters on social issues, even when they agree, as many blacks who share those views still vote overwhelmingly for Democrats. "If you're gonna play the culture-slash-values card, you're going to get nowhere," he warned. "That goes into a misunderstanding of the black community. A black child going hungry is not sitting there pining for a discourse on gay marriage, or hoping his belly will be filled because his mama and the Republican party are simpatico on abortion."
He also dismissed approaching black pastors "for the purposes of filling some political agenda" without committing to a more involved engagement with black communities. "And both parties do it," he said.
Instead, Steele suggested that the party should focus on economic issues and entrepreneurship. "It's saying, 'We built it, we branded it, we financed it, through a lot of blood, sweat and a whole lot of tears, and now it's time for an R.O.I.' -- and that's a return on investment," he said.
"I believe in pulling yourself up by your bootstraps," he said, adding, "and recognizing, like Thurgood Marshall said, that sometimes that you need people to help you do that."
Gene Demby covers politics for Huffington Post BlackVoices. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter.
Plans for auctioning off the home of President-elect Donald Trump were postponed in October but according to Paramount Realty USA, the company in charge of the auction, the auction will take place today.
The home, at 85-15 Wareham Place in Jamaica Estates, was built in 1940 by Donald Trump's father, Fred. The Trump family lived in this house until Donald was 4 years old; they then moved to another house in the same neighborhood.
The house is a two-story Tudor with a brick-and-stucco exterior that features five bedrooms, four and a half bathrooms, an enclosed porch in the backyard and a detached, two-car garage.
Over the summer, the house was listed at $1.6 million and was later reduced to $1.39 million. While the home had some offers put in on it, the owners decided to auction it off and let buyers tell them what the house is worth.
According to the New York Times, which first reported on today's auction, Paramount Realty USA is auctioning off the house on behalf of Michael Davis, a real estate prospector who bought it last year for slightly under $1.4 million to flip it.
Misha Haghani, the principal of Paramount told the New York Times that interest for the home has been high and has come from people from all over the world.
Those who are interested in bidding on Trump's house must arrive with a bank or certified check in the amount of $90,000 and will have to purchase due diligence information on the house, including the property's survey and title report. The auction bids will be starting at $849,000.
I have had my family and friends enrolled in CAMM for years and really believe in Mary's help and prayers. I thank God for the blessings and continued help He has given my husband and me. We look forward to our 75th wedding anniversary this year!
Thank you, Mary, for successful brain surgery removing a large tumor!
Thank you, Mary, for always healing my wounds from my skin disease whenever I place the Miraculous Medal where it hurts. I know you are always with me on this road of healing!
Thank you, Mary, for a safe delivery and healthy baby.
Thank you, Mary. I lit a vigil candle on New Year's Eve and dedicated it to my sister-in-law to become pregnant. She announced her pregnancy in May. My thanks to Mary for answering this prayer.
Thank you, Mary, for the peaceful death of my mother after she suffered from dementia for several years.
Thank you, Mary, for hearing my prayers. My son and his wife are now trying to work their marriage out. Thank you for your intercession.
Thank you, Mother Mary, for a job I can do from my home. I have flexibility, so I am able to care for my sick husband.
Thank you, Mary, for rescuing my brother from alcohol addiction.
Thank you, Blessed Mother, for lifting the veil of deep depression from my sister, Anita.
Thank you, Blessed Mother, for your intercession. I was near death twice but recovered. And although my daughter had a brain tumor, she, too, lived!
Thank you, Mary, for your intercession. My son was struggling with alcohol dependence and unemployment. Through your intercession, he now has two jobs and is well on his way to being a recovering alcoholic.
Thank you, Mary! I had been searching just a few weeks for a new job, and, through your intercession, I have been blessed with an amazing one.
Thank you, Mary, for blessing us with a new baby.
Thank you, Mary, for a negative test result on my daughter's first mammogram after her breast cancer surgery.
Thank you, Blessed Mother, for my three beautiful children. Please watch over them, and bring them home soon.
Despite living in one of the mostly densely populated cities in America, Lillian Alling felt completely and utterly alone. A Russian immigrant, the 25-year-old Alling was introverted and reserved, furthering her sense of isolation. She perceived the New Yorkers of the 1920s to be aloof and elitist, looking down their noses at a foreigner struggling to feel like she belonged.
Alling had worked steadily since arriving in New York two years earlier, saving up money to board a steamer ship back to her native Russia. Despite her best attempts, she never had enough. Low on funds and desperate to return home, she packed a handful of possessions and began walking. Her plan was to make the more than 5000-mile trek on foot, refusing anyone who asked for an explanation.
Over the next several years, Alling would become known in the Yukon as a mysterious figure who hiked along paths that proved difficult even for experienced outdoorsmen. She was headed for Siberia, she said, and nothing—not winter, sickness, or the law—would stop her.
While Alling would later morph into a folklore heroine of plays and poems, her biographers have been unable to uncover only traces of information about her past. It's likely she arrived in New York City in 1925, but whether she was accompanied by any family or was compelled to move to America for any specific reason is unknown. Alling herself was of little help, answering only“I go to Siberia” when asked about her walk. She would later admit to making frequent trips to the New York Public Library to study geography, drawing herself a path that police would later declare an impressive piece of amateur cartography.
She began her trek by walking to Buffalo in late 1926 or early 1927. From there, it was on to Canada, and across the country into British Columbia. Alling was an unusual sight, with her mismatched men's shoes and bedraggled clothing. It wasn't often that females were found strolling alone for miles—Alling carried a metal bar for protection—and sometimes locals would feel compelled to ask who she was and what she was doing.
“I go to Siberia,” she repeated, barely slowing down her gait.
By mid-1927, Alling had gotten as far as Hazelton, British Columbia and the mouth of the Yukon Telegraph Trail, a rugged stretch of land covering over 1000 miles that linked Canada's far north with southern British Columbia. Every 20 to 30 miles, Alling would come across a cabin occupied by one of the trail's linesmen, men responsible for maintaining communications equipment. Early in the trip, she was intercepted by a telegraph operator who found her appearance remarkable—her clothes torn and her skin stretched thin over her face, thanks to a diet of bread, roots, and berries that made her appear malnourished. Concerned, he called authorities.
The constable who answered the lineman's call, J.A. Wyman, was distressed by the woman's goal and feared that allowing her to continue would be unethical. He arrested her for vagrancy; a judge sentenced her to several months at the Oakhalla Prison Farm in Vancouver more out of concern than punishment. There, she'd be sheltered and fed until she regained her strength.
At the end of her time, Alling wasn't any less determined to continue her journey, though she stayed in Vancouver through spring 1928 to work and save money before resuming her walk. The judge had no legal grounds to interfere, but made her promise to continue checking in with the occupied cabins along the Telegraph Trail. She fulfilled the promise, accepting warm meals, changes of clothing, and even a canine companion from the sympathetic linesmen through the summer of 1928.
Word of Alling reached the town of Dawson City before she did, and local newspapers delivered breathless reporting of her progress and refusal to become a hitchhiker. “Mr. Chambers offered to give her a ride to the fork of the read but she declined,” read one piece. And in another: “The people of Dawson have been looking forward with an unusual degree of curiosity for her arrival there.”
The “mystery woman” arrived in town just in time for winter, where her stubborn forward motion would finally slow. She took a job as a waitress and used the money to buy a small, dilapidated boat, which she spent her free time repairing. When the weather grew warmer, she began paddling across the Yukon River to Alaska, where she is reported to have made it at least as far as Nome. From there, she would have to convince native people to take her across the Bering Strait and into Siberia. After years of traveling on foot, Alling was closer than ever to home.
Alling's modest boat was left on the coast of the Bering Strait in 1929. It would be the last physical trace of her that anyone was able to definitively identify. If she made it back into Russia, it would have been difficult for word to come back to the curious residents of Dawson City or any of the other towns she had passed through. At minimum, she had walked 5000 miles, with the spacing of the linesman cabins indicating she had often logged as much as 30 milesa day.
For decades, Alaska's Bering coast was where Alling's story ended. Then, in 1972, an author named Francis Dickie published an account of Alling's trip in True West magazine. Shortly thereafter, Dickie heard from a reader named Arthur Elmore who wrote in with a compelling postscript. Moore claimed that he had visited a town called Yakutsk in Siberia some seven years earlier. There, Elmore met up with a friend who had been in the Russian town of Provideniya in 1930.
Moore's friend relayed the tale of a woman in tattered clothing who had been standing near the shore of the Bering Strait surrounded by native people from the Diomede Islands, which lie in between Alaska and Siberia. The entire party was being questioned by officials, who were suspicious of the visitors.
He overheard the woman talking about how she was an outsider in America and felt like she had to make a journey back home. She had walked a great distance, she said, but finally made it.
No one can say with certainty the woman of Elmore's story was Lillian Alling. But to think she had spent years in dogged pursuit of her goal only to perish so close to the end seems improbable. Only about 50 miles of the Strait remained, and Alling had proven herself to be resourceful and stubborn beyond belief. Having come so far, the mists of the Bering and its dangerous waters seem inconsequential. For what little we truly know about Alling, one thing is a certainty: She would do anything to get home.
I'm a little bit smug when it comes to Mexican and Tex-Mex cuisine. I grew up eating the stuff, before it was hip, so I kind of feel like I'm a little bit cooler than everybody else. I know, I'm a terrible person.
Of course, I am kind of catching up with everyone else in one big way: today's Mexican food, at least much of that which graces the internet these days, is way healthier than what I grew accustomed to in my younger years. Back then, if it wasn't fried to a crisp and drenched in cheese, it wasn't happening on my plate.
The change is welcome. Cheese and deep frying have been replaced with fresh veggies, healthy grains and hearty beans, and this recipe is the perfect example of the type of dish that I go for these days. A big fat juicy pepper is roasted until tender, stuffed with seasoned rice and beans and topped off with some cumin and lime infused cashew cream. It's totally vegan, gluten-free and made from real food ingredients. I don't even miss the deep frying.
One fortunate bonus to this type of meal is that it also comes together super easy. The rice simmers away on the stove while the pepper roasts and you blend up the cashew cream. Everything is done around the same time, at which point you can stuff your pepper, drizzle with crema, and you're ready to eat. To make things even easier, I used a box of Lundberg Family Farms Sprouted Chile Verde Rice, which is already seasoned up and just requires some simmering. I actually had gathered a bunch of spices in preparation for this recipe, thinking I'd need them, but the rice was plenty flavorful on its own. I checked out the ingredients list, and they pretty much used the seasonings I would've chosen if I made the rice from scratch. I love to see that. I also love that the rice even has a nice little kick to it, which makes this a pretty spicy meal when you stuff it into a big chili pepper.
Young-adult books are almost inescapable, even if you haven't visited the teen section of your local library since high school.
Big-budget movie adaptations of young-adult books like Divergent and The Maze Runner come out next year and John Green's bestselling YA novel The Fault in Our Stars was included in many of last year's best book roundups that were otherwise full of adult fiction. It's a genre that readers have realized is not just for high schoolers.
SEE ALSO: 22 Books for Your Ultimate Summer Reading List
Like any new genre, it can be hard to know where to start. These fifteen titles should give you a good base.
1. Inexcusable
Author: Chris Lynch
"I am a good guy. Good guys don't do bad things. Good guys understand that no means no, and so I could not have done this because I understand."
Keir Sarafian knows many things about himself. He is a talented football player, a loyal friend, a devoted son and brother. Most of all, he is a good guy. And yet the love of his life thinks otherwise. Gigi says Keir has done something awful. Something unforgivable. Keir doesn't understand. He loves Gigi. He would never do anything to hurt her. So Keir carefully recounts the events leading up to that one fateful night, in order to uncover the truth. Clearly, there has been a mistake. But what has happened is, indeed, something inexcusable. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Simon & Schuster
2. Twisted
Author: Laurie Halse Anderson
Another New York Times bestseller from Laurie Halse Anderson! High school senior Tyler Miller used to be the kind of guy who faded into the background. But since he got busted for doing graffiti on the school, and spent the summer doing outdoor work to pay for it, he stands out like you wouldn't believe. His new physique attracts the attention of queen bee Bethany Milbury, who just so happens to be his father's boss's daughter, the sister of his biggest enemy, and Tyler's secret crush. And that sets off a string of events and changes that have Tyler questioning his place in school, in his family, and in the world. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Penguin
3. An Abundance of Katherines
Author: John Green
When it comes to relationships, Colin Singleton's type is girls named Katherine. And when it comes to girls named Katherine, Colin is always getting dumped. Nineteen times, to be exact. On a road trip miles from home, this anagram-happy, washed-up child prodigy has ten thousand dollars in his pocket, a bloodthirsty feral hog on his trail, and an overweight, Judge Judy–loving best friend riding shotgun—but no Katherines. Colin is on a mission to prove The Theorem of Underlying Katherine Predictability, which he hopes will predict the future of any relationship, avenge Dumpees everywhere, and finally win him the girl. Love, friendship, and a dead Austro-Hungarian archduke add up to surprising and heart-changing conclusions in this ingeniously layered comic novel about reinventing oneself.
Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Penguin
4. Feed
Author: MT Anderson
Identity crises, consumerism, and star-crossed teenage love in a futuristic society where people connect to the Internet via feeds implanted in their brains. For Titus and his friends, it started out like any ordinary trip to the moon — a chance to party during spring break and play with some stupid low-grav at the Ricochet Lounge. But that was before the crazy hacker caused all their feeds to malfunction, sending them to the hospital to lie around with nothing inside their heads for days. And it was before Titus met Violet, a beautiful, brainy teenage girl who has decided to fight the feed and its omnipresent ability to categorize human thoughts and desires. Following in the footsteps of George Orwell, Anthony Burgess, and Kurt Vonnegut Jr., M. T. Anderson has created a not-so-brave new world — and a smart, savage satire that has captivated readers with its view of an imagined future that veers unnervingly close to the here and now. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Candlewick Press
5. Going Bovine
Author: Libba Bray
All 16-year-old Cameron wants is to get through high school—and life in general—with a minimum of effort. It's not a lot to ask. But that's before he's given some bad news: he's sick and he's going to die. Which totally sucks. Hope arrives in the winged form of Dulcie, a loopy punk angel/possible hallucination with a bad sugar habit. She tells Cam there is a cure—if he's willing to go in search of it. With the help of a death-obsessed, video-gaming dwarf and a yard gnome, Cam sets off on the mother of all road trips through a twisted America into the heart of what matters most.
Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Random House
6. Monster
Author: Walter Dean Myers
FADE IN: INTERIOR: Early morning in CELL BLOCK D, MANHATTAN DETENTION CENTER. Steve (Voice-Over)
Sometimes I feel like I have walked into the middle of a movie. Maybe I can make my own movie. The film will be the story of my life. No, not my life, but of this experience. I'll call it what the lady prosecutor called me ... Monster. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Harper Collins Children's
7. The Book Thief
Author: Markus Zusak
A New York Times bestseller for seven years running that's soon to be a major motion picture, this Printz Honor book by the author of I Am the Messenger is an unforgettable tale about the ability of books to feed the soul. Set during World War II in Germany, Markus Zusak's groundbreaking novel is the story of Liesel Meminger, a foster girl living outside of Munich. Liesel scratches out a meager existence for herself by stealing when she encounters something she can't resist–books. With the help of her accordion-playing foster father, she learns to read and shares her stolen books with her neighbors during bombing raids as well as with the Jewish man hidden in her basement before he is marched to Dachau. The country is holding its breath. Death has never been busier, and will become busier still. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Random House
8. Luna
Author: Julie Anne Peters
Regan's brother Liam can't stand the person he is during the day. Like the moon from whom Liam has chosen his female namesake, his true self, Luna, only reveals herself at night. In the secrecy of his basement bedroom Liam transforms himself into the beautiful girl he longs to be, with help from his sister's clothes and makeup. Now, everything is about to change-Luna is preparing to emerge from her cocoon. But are Liam's family and friends ready to welcome Luna into their lives? Compelling and provocative, this is an unforgettable novel about a transgender teen's struggle for self-identity and acceptance. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Hachette Book Group
9. The First Part Last
Author: Angela Johnson
This little thing with the perfect face and hands doing nothing but counting on me. And me wanting nothing else but to run crying into my own mom's room and have her do the whole thing.
It's not going to happen.... Bobby is your classic urban teenaged boy — impulsive, eager, restless. On his sixteenth birthday he gets some news from his girlfriend, Nia, that changes his life forever. She's pregnant. Bobby's going to be a father. Suddenly things like school and house parties and hanging with friends no longer seem important as they're replaced by visits to Nia's obstetrician and a social worker who says that the only way for Nia and Bobby to lead a normal life is to put their baby up for adoption. With powerful language and keen insight, Johnson looks at the male side of teen pregnancy as she delves into one young man's struggle to figure out what "the right thing" is and then to do it. No matter what the cost. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Simon & Schuster
10. Weetzie Bat
Author: Francesca Lia Block
Fifteen years ago Francesca Lia Block made a dazzling entrance into the literary scene with what would become one of the most talked-about books of the decade: Weetzie Bat. This poetic roller coaster swoop has a sleek new design to match its new sister and brother books, Goat Girls and Beautiful Boys. Rediscover the magic of Weetzie Bat, Ms. Blocks sophisticated, slinkster-cool love song to L.A.the book that shattered the standard, captivated readers of all generations, and made Francesca Lia Block one of the most heralded authors of the last decade. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of HarperCollins Children's
11. Hate List
Author: Jennifer Brown
Five months ago, Valerie Leftman's boyfriend, Nick, opened fire on their school cafeteria. Shot trying to stop him, Valerie inadvertently saved the life of a classmate, but was implicated in the shootings because of the list she helped create. A list of people and things she and Nick hated. The list he used to pick his targets. Now, after a summer of seclusion, Val is forced to confront her guilt as she returns to school to complete her senior year. Haunted by the memory of the boyfriend she still loves and navigating rocky relationships with her family, former friends and the girl whose life she saved, Val must come to grips with the tragedy that took place and her role in it, in order to make amends and move on with her life.
Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Hachette Book Group
12. The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer
Author: Michelle Hodkin
Mara Dyer doesn't think life can get any stranger than waking up in a hospital with no memory of how she got there.
It can.
She believes there must be more to the accident she can't remember that killed her friends and left her mysteriously unharmed.
There is.
She doesn't believe that after everything she's been through, she can fall in love.
She's wrong.
After Mara survives the traumatizing accident at the old asylum, it makes sense that she has issues. She lost her best friend, her boyfriend, and her boyfriend's sister, and as if that weren't enough to cope with, her family moves to a new state in order to give her a fresh start. But that fresh start is quickly filled with hallucinations—or are they premonitions?—and then corpses, and the boundary between reality and nightmare is wavering. At school, there's Noah, a devastatingly handsome charmer who seems determined to help Mara piece together what's real, what's imagined—and what's very, very dangerous.
This fast-paced psychological—or is it paranormal?—thriller will leave you breathless for its sequel, The Evolution of Mara Dyer. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Simon & Schuster
13. Warm Bodies
Author: Isaac Marion
R is having a no-life crisis—he is a zombie. He has no memories, no identity, and no pulse, but he is a little different from his fellow Dead. He may occasionally eat people, but he'd rather be riding abandoned airport escalators, listening to Sinatra in the cozy 747 he calls home, or collecting souvenirs from the ruins of civilization.
And then he meets a girl. First as his captive, then his reluctant house guest, Julie is a blast of living color in R's gray landscape, and something inside him begins to bloom. He doesn't want to eat this girl—although she looks delicious—he wants to protect her. But their unlikely bond will cause ripples they can't imagine, and their hopeless world won't change without a fight.
Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Simon & Schuster
14. Teeth
Author: Hannah Moskowitz
A gritty, romantic modern fairy tale from the author of Break and Gone, Gone, Gone.
Be careful what you believe in. Rudy's life is flipped upside-down when his family moves to a remote island in a last attempt to save his sick younger brother. With nothing to do but worry, Rudy sinks deeper and deeper into loneliness and lies awake at night listening to the screams of the ocean beneath his family's rickety house. Then he meets Diana, who makes him wonder what he even knows about love, and Teeth, who makes him question what he knows about anything. Rudy can't remember the last time he felt so connected to someone, but being friends with Teeth is more than a little bit complicated. He soon learns that Teeth has terrible secrets. Violent secrets. Secrets that will force Rudy to choose between his own happiness and his brother's life. Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Simon & Schuster
15. If You Come Softly
Author: Jacqueline Woodson
Jeremiah feels good inside his own skin. That is, when he's in his own Brooklyn neighborhood. But now he's going to be attending a fancy prep school in Manhattan, and black teenage boys don't exactly fit in there. So it's a surprise when he meets Ellie the first week of school. In one frozen moment their eyes lock and after that they know they fit together — even though she's Jewish and he's black. Their worlds are so different, but to them that's not what matters. Too bad the rest of the world has to get in their way. Reviewers have called Coretta Scott King Award-winning author Jacqueline Woodson's work "exceptional" (Publishers Weekly) and "wrenchingly honest" (School Library Journal), and have said "it offers a perspective on racism and elitism rarely found in fiction for this age group" (Publishers Weekly). In If You Come Softly, she delivers a powerful story of interracial love that leaves readers wondering "why" and "if only...." Amazon Book Description
Image courtesy of Penguin
Homepage image courtesy of Flickr, Joe Shlabotnik
Pop quiz for teenagers: Are you more likely to die from smoking more than 10 cigarettes a day or from being obese? According to a new study from the British Medical Journal, it's a tie.
Swedish researchers studied health records of 45,920 men drafted by the Swedish army in 1969-70 at an average age of 18 years, 8 months. Then they consulted Sweden's national cause of death registry and found that 2,897 had died as of Sept. 1, 2007.
It turned out that compared with having a healthy body mass index of 18.5 to 24.9, being overweight (BMI of 25 to 29.9) increased the risk of death by 35%, and being obese (BMI above 30) boosted it by a factor of 2.25. Compared with nonsmokers, light smokers were 55% more likely to die and heavy smokers increased their risk of death by a factor of 2.18.
Not surprisingly, those most likely to die were obese heavy smokers -- their risk was nearly five-fold higher than for nonsmokers of healthy weight. The researchers, from the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm and Uppsala University Hospital, had expected to find smoking and excess weight ganged up to make both more deadly, but the interaction wasn't statistically significant.
--
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
Rory MacDonald wants Carlos Condit © Getty Images Enlarge
Rory MacDonald remains adamant he will never fight Georges St-Pierre, but he is desperate to rematch Carlos Condit in 2013.
MacDonald also has intentions to make a future move to middleweight, saying at Friday's Q&A: "I'll fight at middleweight at some stage in my career. Not because I'm too big for 170 - I make weight pretty easily - but I just fancy fighting at middleweight at some point."
Top of his priority list is a rematch with Condit, who was the last man to defeat MacDonald. Asked who he would like to coach against in a theoretical TUF rivalry, MacDonald responded sharply: "Carlos Condit. I want a rematch with Carlos in 2013."
Oddly, MacDonald needs team-mate St-Pierre to lose at UFC 154 this weekend, so that the welterweight belt becomes open to him. While GSP is champ, MacDonald has to find ulterior targets.
"Me and Georges are not going to fight. We're close friends and training partners. It's not going to happen.
"I'm not in it for money. I don't want to sacrifice a friendship or my spot at Tristar. Being there has helped me develop leaps and bounds.
"I wouldn't disrespect Georges. He has seniority as titleholder. We'll see how the fight between GSP and Carlos goes. "
Asked how he thought the GSP v Condit fight would go on Saturday, MacDonald responded: "Georges is going to dominate Condit."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Rebel and Amart Sports managing director Erica Berchtold doesn't think she will cop too much grief about joining the board of A-League football club Sydney FC, even though she was, until five months ago, a director of cross-town rival Western Sydney Wanderers.
Berchtold had a two-year stint on the WSW board before Football Federation Australia sold the club to a consortium led by BRW Rich List member Paul Lederer in May and will, on Monday, be confirmed as Sydney FC's newest director.
Erica Berchtold intends to bring her retail marketing skills to the Sydney FC. Credit:Belinda Rolland
"In a sense, I am coming home," Berchtold says. "I was a foundation member of Sydney FC back in 2005-06 and it was the Wanderers who originally had to get used to having a Sydney FC fan on their board. So I don't see this being a problem."
Berchtold hopes to fulfil two important roles at Sydney FC, firstly as one of the few female board members involved in football at the elite level and also use her retail expertise to help drive an increase in the range and quality of merchandise at the club.
Polls show a tight race in Alaska between GOP nominee Joe Miller and Sen. Lisa Murkowski. Did the tea party bail on Miller?
A Tea Party Express representative denied Thursday evening that they were backing off their endorsed candidate, Alaska Republican Joe Miller, despite only spending $17,685 since the primary.
The California-based Tea Party Express spent almost $600,000 ahead of the Aug. 24 GOP primary and is widely credited with giving its endorsed candidate, Miller, a vital boost to defeat Sen. Lisa Murkowski.
Story Continued Below
However, it appears the conservative group's presence has been minimal in the state since Miller won the primary, even while polls show the GOP nominee in a dead heat with Murkowski, who is running a write-in campaign to keep her seat. According to reports filed with the Federal Election Commission, the group has only spent a relatively minimal amount in support of Miller's bid since the primary.
A spokesman for the Tea Party Express, Levi Russell, denied that the group had pulled out of the state, telling POLITICO that they still planned to spend “six figures” on the race.
“The money there will be spent and it certainly will be significant,” Russell said. “I know that we're going to spend upwards of six figures on advertising.”
In late September, after Murkowski announced her write-in campaign, the Tea Party Express sent staff to Alaska to support Miller's campaign. The leaders of the group hosted a well-publicized Oct. 4 radio show during which several conservative commentators and Todd Palin called in to voice their support for Miller.
However, Russell confirmed that the staff that was initially sent up to Alaska after the primary and for the radio show has returned to the continental United States. He said this was not any indication that the group had pulled out of the state and that almost all of the Tea Party Express' staff is currently on their nationwide bus tour.
“No, not at all,” he said. “If it seems that way it's only because we have a very visible presence down here in the lower 48.”
A recent CNN/Time poll of the race showed Murkowski and Miller in a dead heat with 37 percent, with Democratic nominee Scott McAdams at 23 percent.
Racism is everywhere in Mafia III , in a way never before seen in a major video game. It's gotten people talking
Advertisement
The game is set in a fictional version of 1960s New Orleans. In it, white computer-controlled characters (NPCs) regard the player's character, a black Vietnam veteran named Lincoln Clay, with suspicion and fear. Some hurl slurs, glare, and call him “boy”... or worse. Police tend to steer clear of the game's poor, majority-black neighborhoods. They profile you. There's an indicator for when the police have their eye on you, even when you're doing nothing wrong at all. Some restaurants and shops are segregated. The game's characters of color make no secret of the racism they've suffered.
The game's depiction of racism is resonating with people, especially those who've lived with racism their entire lives. Some are just happy that a character like Clay, a black war hero struggling with a nuanced internal conflict, exists at all:
Some players have found the game cathartic. The real world often demands people of color accept racism like it's no big deal, but Mafia III allows the player, through Clay, to Some players have found the game cathartic. The real world often demands people of color accept racism like it's no big deal, butMafia IIIallows the player, through Clay, to react with violence
Over at extremely cathartic.” Over at Paste , critic Terence Wiggins writes, “unlike real people, Lincoln handles racism with force… I'm not going to say it's not cathartic. Having an NPC say to me ‘What are you going to do, nigger?' and Lincoln slitting his throat, stabbing him in the chest, and throwing aside his body as if it was trash isextremelycathartic.”
Advertisement
Pointedly, he adds: “It's all cathartic because we live in a time where a powerful man is allowed to run for the highest public office on the ideals of the enemies you face in this game, ideals that should be forgotten detritus from our shameful past.”
Comparing it to BioShock Infinite and Deus Ex: Mankind Divided , two big-budget games that tried to tackle racism in more abstract ways,
Comparing it toBioShock InfiniteandDeus Ex: Mankind Divided, two big-budget games that tried to tackle racism in more abstract ways, writer Justin Jones offers perspective
Advertisement
Sponsored
“Art is like a protest in that regard,” he says. “It should challenge us and make us feel uncomfortable. Mafia III manages to make a bold statement about race and racism but without any allegory or metaphors, it simply shows a black experience. And there are few things that are more challenging and uncomfortable than forcing someone to abdicate their privilege and see the world through the eyes of someone like me. Even if it is just a video game.”
But the game's violence is double-edged. Some people, like The Verge 's Chris Plante, have observed that Mafia III deals almost exclusively in cool video game violence. Despite its subject matter, it is, mechanically speaking, a game that is meant to feel good in your hands. “ Mafia III isn't, on its purest level, a game about race,” Plante But the game's violence is double-edged. Some people, likeThe Verge's Chris Plante, have observed thatMafia IIIdeals almost exclusively in cool video game violence. Despite its subject matter, it is, mechanically speaking, a game that is meant to feel good in your hands. “Mafia IIIisn't, on its purest level, a game about race,” Plante wrote . “It's a game about killing and controlling people.” It claims to tell a story of disempowerment, but from the get-go, you are extremely powerful and only become more so over time.
Advertisement
The game sometimes feels good at very bad times. As Clay, you wreak havoc not just on KKK members and racist mafias, but also on some good, well-meaning people of color. Even as the game's narrative unpacks the effect all this violence and mayhem has on people and communities, it's still at odds with itself. It still feels good on a tangible level, even when you're doing awful things.
No past, no present
Mafia III takes place in the 1960s, but its depiction of racism feels relevant to today. It's easy to see shards of the period it depicts embedded in modern times like shrapnel. For some players, that's been
Mafia IIItakes place in the 1960s, but its depiction of racism feels relevant to today. It's easy to see shards of the period it depicts embedded in modern times like shrapnel. For some players, that's been eye-opening
Critic Tauriq Moosa got to the heart of why this matters in a piece for The Guardian . “I want people to know what racism feels like,” he wrote, pointing out that many of the game's racist characters are just normal people, not caricatures or super villains. “ Critic Tauriq Moosa got to the heart of why this matters in a piece forThe Guardian. “I want people to know what racism feels like,” he wrote, pointing out that many of the game's racist characters are just normal people, not caricatures or super villains. “ Racism didn't disappear because laws said ‘no.' People with racist beliefs didn't disappear. They had kids and perpetuated their views.”
Advertisement
The discussion about the game is partially stuck in a morass of people swearing up and down that racism is no longer A Thing today. These people appreciate Mafia III 's “historical accuracy,” but despite ample evidence to the contrary, they write off racism as something that disappeared
The discussion about the game is partially stuck in a morass of people swearing up and down that racism is no longer A Thing today. These people appreciateMafia III's “historical accuracy,” but despite ample evidence to the contrary, they write off racism as something that disappeared into history
The game's Steam forums contain a lot of conversations along these lines. For every one like that, there's one or two questioning the need for a black main character, ranting about SJWs ruining video games, or saying they should've The game's Steam forums contain a lot of conversations along these lines. For every one like that, there's one or two questioning the need for a black main character, ranting about SJWs ruining video games, or saying they should've changed the name from Mafia III to Ghetto 1
Advertisement
And of course, the folks who believe that society is now racist against white people are out in full force. This thread came from the Facebook comments of a video game website that wrote about a mission involving the slaughter of KKK members (via ) :
And of course, the folks who believe that society is now racist against white people are out in full force. This thread came from the Facebook comments of a video game website that wrote about a mission involving the slaughter of KKK members (via 8Bit/Digi
The fact that the game takes place in the past may serve as a convenient scapegoat for people who want to believe that the wounds of racism are mostly closed. But people are also pushing back against the “racism against people of color is dead except for that one weird uncle we all have” crowd. Discussions are happening, albeit through gritted teeth and across lines in the sand.
The conversation sparked by Mafia III is much bigger than video games. It's one that's defined the US since its inception, and one that will continue to define it for decades and probably centuries to come. A video game alone is unlikely to change anyone's mind, but Mafia III is a step forward—if only a step.
Polish payment processors and at least one bank in the country have closed the accounts of local bitcoin exchanges.
BitBay, Cryptoins.com, bitmarket24pl and Bitmarket.pl confirmed that the regional payments processors they work with – CashBill and BlueMedia – had informed them that their accounts were being closed at the request of their own partner banks.
Bitmarket.pl told CoinDesk that PKO Bank Polski had also informed them that their bank accounts were being closed.
Representatives from CashBill and BlueMedia confirmed that the closures had taken place. A spokesperson for CashBill, who declined to provide specifics, told CoinDesk that the company had been informed by “various banks” in Poland that continued work with bitcoin exchanges “will result in termination of our services in those banks”.
The spokesperson continued:
“Our aim is to provide 100% payment channel coverage of for all our customers. This has forced us to immediately terminate our operations with all bitcoin exchanges.”
BlueMedia declined to comment on the specifics, but noted “in general, we always warmly welcome such initiatives based on technologies and innovation. However, security always comes first. Our decision was made exclusively based on fraud risk and assessment”.
Fraud cited
When reached for comment, PKO Bank Polski representative Michal Tkaczuk declined to comment on the account closures, calling it “a subject of bank secrecy”.
Tkaczuk provided the following statement:
“In our opinion virtual currency markets are poorly regulated. Client identification and procedures use by bitcoin exchange platforms are inadequate and raise legal doubts. Taking this into account, PKO Bank Polski acts to prevent suspicious transactions.”
Notably, the CashBill representative suggested that the company had an interest in bitcoin, but that the legal liabilities represent too great a risk.
“We would gladly add bitcoin payments to our payment channel portfolio, but sadly bitcoin is not currently regulated in any way by Polish law and doing so would constitute a legal risk for our operation,” concluded the spokesperson, adding that the change in policy “left us puzzled”.
Sudden notice
At least one of the exchanges indicated that the shutoff was a surprise, with a representative for Cryptoins.com telling CoinDesk that CashBill had terminated its contract “without prior notice”.
Mariusz Sperczyński, a spokesperson for Bitmarket.pl, said that its bank, PKO Bank Polski, had decided to terminate accounts with the exchange, a loss that occurred as its BlueMedia account was also suspended.
Bitmarket.pl previously had its bank account suspended by Bank BPH in January this year. Sperczyński said that the impact of the latest closures was minimal.
The impact on BitMarket24.pl appears to have been more significant. A spokesperson told CoinDesk that its revenues had fallen sharply owing to the fact that 95% of its payments were previously channeled through CashBill.
Justyna Laskowska Witek, a marketing specialist at BitBay, said CashBill informed them earlier this week that it had received instructions from its bank partner to terminate its agreement with the digital currency exchange.
Since CashBill terminated its contract, Witek said that BitBay's daily trading volume – previously 1000 BTC on an average day – had decreased.
“However, we are trying to overcome this problem,” she added.
Termination of contract image via Shutterstock.
North Korea is systematically "cleansing" its population by making those with mental or physical disabilities disappear, a defector has claimed.
Ji Seong-ho, 32, who escaped from North Korea after losing his left leg above the knee and his left hand at the wrist, said the disabled are considered a stain on North Korea's image and a "humiliation" to the ruling regime.
Mr Ji, who is researching a book on the plight of North Korea's disabled, said babies with disabilities are taken away by hospital staff, never to be seen again. He added that children with developmental difficulties are neglected until they die.
"The regime proclaims: 'There are no people with disabilities under the Kims' rule' and 'everyone is equal and living well'," he said. "And while that propaganda is going on disabled children are being taken away, suffering indescribable things and dying."
He said two other defectors had told him of a village in the remote and inhospitable mountains of Ryanggang Province where anyone with dwarfism was sent.
"They were forbidden to leave and left entirely to their own devices, without any outside help," he said. "The men were castrated so they would become extinct. There's no-one left there by now."
A United Nations commission said in February that it had heard allegations that medical experiments are performed in "closed hospitals" on "persons with disabilities". But it added that it had not managed to confirm the claims.
In a separate study, conducted in 2013 by the Citizens' Alliance on North Korean Human Rights, some 40 per cent of defectors said they believed that infants with disabilities are killed or abandoned and 43 per cent claimed to know of "an island" on which the disabled are forced to live.
One of the defectors told of a hospital where disabled people are sent "for medical tests, such as dissection of body parts, as well as tests of biological and chemical weapons."
A former officer in North Korea's special forces, who defected in the 1990s after watching chemical and biological weapons tests on disabled children and adults, told The Telegraph about the programme.
"The regime wants to do this 'legally' so they offer to buy disabled children from their parents and they say they will take care of them," said Im Cheon-yong.
"If that doesn't work, they threaten them. They use them for chemical weapons experiments," he said. "But not only children, they also use disabled adults." Mr Im said he first saw such tests, involving anthrax and other chemical weapons, in 1984.
Ji Seong-ho lost his limbs at the age of 14 after he passed out from hunger while scavenging for coal on the railway tracks and was run over by a train. When he fell, the train ran over his left arm and leg and staff of a nearby station bundled him into a wheelbarrow and took him to a nearby hospital.
"I needed surgery, but they didn't have anaestheic," he said. "I remember the doctor carrying me into the operating room and they had to hold me down while they operated. I could hear the saw going through my bones."
After the operation, hospital staff gave him cigarettes as painkillers, although his leg became infected and required a second amputation, this time above the knee. Again, there was no anaesthetic. Fifteen days later, Mr Ji was sent home from the hospital as they were no longer able to care for him.
While he was allowed to cross into China in 2000 to beg for food, he was arrested on his return and interrogated for more than two weeks.
"I asked them why," he said. "They told me that because I was disabled, I had hurt the dignity of North Korea by going to China to beg and that I had humiliated Kim Jong-il. They told me the people in North Korea are happy so how dare I go there and be a beggar.
"They said people like me should just die," he added. "That really hurt."
Today he is scheduled to address Parliament, after protesting earlier in the week outside of the North Korean embassy in London about the rights of the disabled.
"The regime claims the rights of disabled in North Korea are respected and they sent athletes to the Asian Paralympic Games in Incheon earlier this year, but it's all just window-dressing," he said.
"The reality is horrible," he added. "In the famine years in the 1990s, the disabled received no food rations because they were not able to work and were not productive members of society. As much as 80 percent of the disabled just starved to death."
"The regime assumes that we are useless and that is the message that they pass on to society," he said.
"A baby was born near my house with deformed legs. It died when it was 1.
"People in North Korea have such a hard time surviving anyway that they cannot take care of the disabled," he adds with a shrug.
Mr Ji eventually decided to defect in 2006 and was able to reach South Korea and, shortly afterwards, help his mother and younger brother and sister reach Seoul. His father, a coal miner, also tried to defect that year, but was caught, sent to prison and died during torture.
Shoegazy indie rock vets Swirlies are celebrating their 25th anniversary this year with a reissue of their 1993 album Blondertongue Audiobaton on vinyl and a tour. Dates including a stop in NYC at Baby's All Right on July 5 with Laced opening. Tickets for that show go on sale Friday (5/1) at 10 AM.
In addition to the reissue of Blondertongue Audiobaton (which you can stream below) on Taang!, Swirlies will also release a new 7″ EP titled Swirlies' Magic Strop: Orca Vs. Dragon, with three tracks from UK radio sessions, just for the tour, so look out for that at the merch booth.
All dates are listed, along with a stream of Blondertongue Audiobaton, below.
—
Swirlies – 2015 Tour Dates
7.01 Hudson, NY @ The Half Moon
7.02 Philadelphia, PA @ Johnny Brenda's
7.03 Allston, MA @ Great Scott
7.05 Brooklyn, NY @ Baby's All Right
7.06 Washington, DC @Black Cat
7.07 Baltimore, MD @ Ottobar
7.08 Carrboro, NC @ Cat's Cradle
7.09 Atlanta, GA @ The Earl
7.10 Cincinnati, OH @ MOTR Pub
7.11 Indianapolis, IN @ Joyful Noise Recordings
7.12 Chicago, IL @ West Fest
7.13 Detroit, MI @ UFO Factory
7.14 Toronto, ON @ Drake Hotel
7.15 Montreal, QC @ Bar Le “Ritz” P.D.B.
There are hundreds of folks who are deep thinkers and confident writers in regards to Bitcoin. I don't count myself among them, but I will take a stab at this question anyway.
For me, the greatest value of Bitcoin is the ideas that make up Bitcoin rather than the specific instrument of value itself.
The main idea, that the media is finally catching onto, is that the blockchain by itself has more value than just Bitcoin the currency. You can improve concepts like stock exchanges, contracts (and escrow), identity-based security, or data verification.
As you can see, trust is a common denominator in all those concepts. Risk of fraud, lack of resources to validate identity/reputation, or requirements of a neutral third party in a business transaction has created many businesses that exist merely based on the arbitrage of trust. Blockchain is digitized trust.
Bitcoin (the currency) is finally being recognized as being just the first of many applications built on the blockchain.
Bitcoin is the focus not just because it's the first major use of the blockchain, but also because it's the easiest for the layman to understand. But it's not necessary for folks to understand blockchain for it to fulfill its remarkable promise. How many folks understand HTTP? But they still use the internet for work and personal use all day long.
Back to Bitcoin specifically, though. Bitcoin has many potential avenues of growth still if adoption were completed.
Bitcoin could save journalism. If you paid a microtransaction of $0.002 for every article you read, that could help firm up newsrooms' finances without affecting your wallet much.
Bitcoin could bring about a reformation of internet society. In the day and age of Twitter egg armies assaulting folks with hate speech and Youtube comments riddled with threats and insults, companies are scrambling to control the hate. There are a couple ways Bitcoin could help here.
The first is, as a content creator or user, you could require folks to pay X amount in Bitcoin to have the option of commenting on your content or messaging you. (21.co has already implemented something similar to this for email.) Now you have to consider if your comment, hateful or otherwise, is worth the cost. Depending on how much you charge, you may also have a secondary income stream for content creators.
The second is identity. If you can tie reputation to someone's activities across the internet, you may prevent someone from dropping the N-word if they know that a recruiter on LinkedIn can see that activity. Admittedly, there are some privacy concerns here, not to mention some implementation questions. But paying in Bitcoin to comment to someone would also provide you a unique identifier. It feels possible that there's an application in there for identifying trolls, people who threaten others, etc.
Finally, Bitcoin as the anti-fiat currency may prove interesting. I'm not well read enough about the economy to provide a strong opinion about whether or not fiat currency is a good idea. But from what I have read, there's a reasonable argument that currency that can be manipulated by the government is a bad thing.
Bitcoin hasn't been around long enough to know for sure how it will correlate to economic recessions or depressions. But there's a possibility that it (or another cryptocurrency) could act as a digital version of gold. In other words, when fiat currency goes down, Bitcoin goes up. But will the reverse be true as well? I don't know. Nobody can know for sure until cryptocurrencies have been around for awhile.
And using Bitcoin for faster, cheaper remittance is well-worn and valuable idea that may last even if all other uses for Bitcoin don't come to fruition.
What value does Bitcoin have to me? The parts of the whole are very valuable to me. When I buy Bitcoin, it isn't to buy pizza. It's because I think Bitcoin has huge promise and just may fulfill it.
Long distance record for FAI Class F8 model plane
Last reported position of TAM5 is indicated on map by the small red plane.
www.modelaircraft.org/museum/bio/Hill.pdf
The TAM 5, the first FAI Class F8 UAV to cross the Atlantic.
The first FAI Class F8 model plane to fly 3,020 Km from Canada to Ireland
Date: 9th August, 2003
A small UAV, called TAM 5, flew 3,020 Km from Newfoundlan in Canada to Stone Bog in Ireland, using GPS guidance, while sending telemetry information back, via satellite. The small plane used its GPS system to fly at an average altitude of 305 m (1,000 feet) above sea level, to avoid ship masts and any other aircraft.
This feat has been mentioned in the BP Frontiers Magazine. Maynard Hill, a UAV pioneer, who used to work at the Johns Hopkins University in the USA continued, after retirement, in his quest for model aeronautic feats and together with a small team of like minded people, developed a small model plane called TAM (Trans-Atlantic Model) 5, which flew 3,020 Km from Newfoundland to Ireland in 38 hours and 23 minutes, using GPS guidance with telemetry communications via satellite and just under 2.2 Kg of fuel...
From www.bp.com Frontiers_magazine_issue_09_patents_and_briefs.pdf
Maynard Hill with TAM5.
Maynard Hill, who also designed the Exdrone UAV while at Johns Hopkins University in the USA, with the first FAI Class F8 model plane that crossed the Atlantic Ocean.
Model plane goes transatlantic
from http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3145577.stm
The plane flew at 270 metres over the Atlantic Ocean on autopilot.
An international team of model aeroplane enthusiasts say they have managed the first successful flight by a lightweight remote-controlled plane across the Atlantic.
US, Canadian and Irish engineers worked together to ensure " The Spirit of Butts Farm" - named after its testing site - landed safely in County Galway, Ireland on Monday 11 August, some 38 hours after it took off from Canada.
If the flight is certified by the Federation Aeronautique Internationale, it will break world records for distance travelled by a model aeroplane as well as duration of flight.
In order for the records to be broken, the plane had to weigh less than five kilograms, including its "camping lantern" fuel.
Dave Brown, president of the American Academy of Model Aeronautics, told BBC News Online it had been " pins and needles" waiting for the plane to come into view over the Irish coast.
"When it suddenly appeared over our heads, we were ecstatic," he said.
"We already lost three planes in 2002. We got one of five models this year to travel 500 miles, but they all eventually ended up in the drink apart from this one. This is the first time we've actually done it."The balsa wood and mylar plane flew 3,039 kilometres (1,888 miles) using satellite navigation and an autopilot system overseen by engineers and radio operators using laptop computers.
Doubts
"Then 10 minutes after the team called around to say another attempt had failed, it re-appeared," Mr Brown said.
He established direct radio control of the model after seeing it, before bringing it in for landing close to the designated landing spot on Marrin Beach, County Galway.
Records will be claimed by the team on behalf of Maynard Hill, the plane's designer. Mr Brown said there had been some tense moments, especially when hourly satellite updates pinpointing the plane's whereabouts failed for three hours.
Dave Brown: "The hardest thing was keeping the weight down"
"Maynard is deaf and blind now but we communicated with him as the plane came in via mobile phone to his house in Silver Spring, Maryland using special equipment that enabled him to hear us," Mr Brown said.
// Please read the above note from Les Hamilton to the effect:
This statement contains a couple of errors. First, Maynard was in St. John's, Newfoundland, not Silver Spring, Maryland, when he received the news that TAM-5 had come into view in Ireland. I know, because I was there on August 11, 2003. I answered the phone call from Sally Brown, Dave's wife, who proceeded to describe the action in Ireland during the last minutes of the flight. I repeated her words to the assemblage, which consisted of our team members and spouses, and local supporters. Maynard, seated in an adjacent room, had difficulty understanding my words, so his wife Gay Hill, seated next to him, repeated them for his benefit.
After the landing, Maynard spoke on the phone with Dave Brown. Despite his hearing impairment, Maynard is quite able to use regular phones and cell phones without any " special equipment." //
The retired engineer had already achieved previous remote-controlled plane records for altitude and speed Maynard Hill, 77, had launched the plane from Cape Spear, Newfoundland after working on what became the record-breaking Tam 5 model for 10 years.
TAM 5 data used in the UAV Design Guidelines
Story transcript
When seismologist Steven Gibbons awoke early Sunday morning to the news that North Korea has conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test, he sent out a two-word tweet.
(Twitter)
"I think this has been interpreted as a sort of philanthropic and idealistic tweet in being absolutely terrified for the future of the world, and that's largely correct," Gibbons, who studies nuclear explosions for Norway's monitoring agency NORSAR told As It Happens host Carol Off.
"But there was also a selfish element of 'my Sunday is now ruined' in it, and I don't know how many people have picked up on that point."
North Korea said in an announcement on state television that the test ordered by Leader Kim Jong-un was of an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile — also known as a thermonuclear device — and that it was a "perfect success."
We're talking about a horrifically destructive weapon here. - Steven Gibbons, NORSAR seismologist
"They have claimed that before, in January 2016," Gibbons said. "But the seismic data didn't really support it."
In that case, he said, the detonation was actually smaller than the regime's nuclear testing from previous years.
But this time, he said, the evidence suggests North Korea is doing more than the usual sabre rattling.
"The numbers were very, very different. This was a much, much, much bigger explosion," he said. "And we realized what they're saying about having a new type of weapon is very probably the truth."
Ground motion is a great indicator of an underground nuclear test, and sometimes the only one. North Korea has proven itself adept at masking other telltale signs, such as the leakage of radioactive materials.
Thermonuclear devices can be lightweight and still produce tremendously high yields.
The device that was detonated on Sunday is believed to have a much bigger yield than anything the North has demonstrated — an estimated 100 to 150 kilotons, according to Gibbons
That's far more than the bombs that destroyed Hiroshima (15 kilotons) and Nagasaki (around 20).
While this doesn't definitively prove it's a hydrogen bomb, Gibbons said: "We're talking about a horrifically destructive weapon here."
During an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council, Nikki Haley said the United States does not want war but will defend itself 1:44
Whether North Korea can make a nuclear warhead small and light enough to put on top of a long-range missile that can reach the United States has long been a matter of heated debate among foreign experts.
North Korea's state media posted photos of Kim watching a shiny, peanut-shaped device it said was a hydrogen bomb designed to be mounted into the North's new "Hwasong-14" intercontinental ballistic missile.
However, there is no evidence as to whether the device pictured in the state propaganda is, indeed, the same device that was tested on Sunday.
"But the evidence is adding up that they have what they've been seeking," Gibbons said.
"The only question mark now is, are the warheads able to be put in the missiles? And if they can, then it's a dangerous situation."
About the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/seismic?src=hash">#seismic</a> stations which detect underground <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/NuclearTests?src=hash">#NuclearTests</a> - the seismic network of the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/IMS?src=hash">#IMS</a> for the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CTBT?src=hash">#CTBT</a> <a href="https://t.co/8WH3QfeHSy">https://t.co/8WH3QfeHSy</a> —@stevenjgibbons
With files from Reuters. For more, listen to our conversation with Steve Gibbons:
Correction: An earlier version of this story called Steve Gibbons a "Norwegian seismologist." While he resides in Norway, he is not, in fact, Norwegian.
Dara Ó Briain, Angela Scanlon and commentator Jonathan Pearce oversee the ultimate robot fighting competition. This series the challenge for competitors is even tougher, as those infamous House Robots have been let off the leash in a new twist - Rogue House Robot.
This is the second heat, and only one of the eight teams can go through to the series grand final. Robots in this heat are Cherub, PP3D, Draven, Push To Exit, Hobgoblin, Behemoth, Cobra and Eruption.
Each heat begins with two group battles, the four top teams go into a mini-league. Points are awarded to competitors based on control, damage and aggression with maximum points awarded to competitors who incapacitate their adversary. The battles are all overseen by judges Professor Noel Sharkey, Professor Sethu Vijayakumar and Dr Lucy Rogers.
During their fights teams must try to dodge the arena hazards…The Pit, The Spikes, The Flipper and Fire. They also have the four House Robots to deal with; Matilda, Dead Metal, Sir Killalot and Shunt.
This series there's a menacing new twist. Hitting the Arena Tyre no longer automatically lowers The Pit. It can also activate a mode called Rogue House Robot. This releases a House Robot to attack the competitors for a period of ten seconds, anywhere in the arena.
Let battle commence!
Plank PR
Sure, disaster movies are just empty calories of mass destruction — but even when you don't take them seriously, there are always some scenes that you just can't excuse. We've collected the most infuriating moments from the biggest disaster movies.
Disaster: Volcano
Our Breaking Point: The Subway Scene
How long do you think the people were sitting in that train? Seriously — how long? After a little while of watching people pass out, one after the other, from heat? I'd LEAVE. But no, this guy has to die a painful death walking through lava. Which in itself was a horrible thing — walk faster, melty guy!
Advertisement
Here's the remixed version — watch the full scene here.
Disaster: Deep Impact
Our Breaking Point: The Wave of Love
Nothing brings a daughter and a distant father back together like a giant tidal wave. Call me black-hearted, but this whole "I'm facing my destruction head on, and what? Oh hey, there's my dad who was never around. What the hey, I forgive you!" Tasted like yuck. And to all the people loading up their cars: Come on, it's the end of the world, the roads are always blocked. I bet they felt foolish when they realized they could have just stood on a high mountain to avoid the water. But the hug-it-out wave was still the worst.
Disaster: Armageddon
Our Breaking Point: Ben Affleck
Good theme music and spaceman slo-mo walking, but even if you can convince the audience that a team of misfit drillers can be trained to do their jobs in space, there's no way you can make me believe this scene. Remember, the crew went up in two ships, and they get separated. But don't worry, Ben Affleck's asteroid rover isn't damaged, and he and the remaining crew drive across a sharp-as-razors terrain, fly over a cannon, and find their way back to the other crew. After they shoot their way out of the ship. WHY DID IT HAVE GUNS IN THE FIRST PLACE? Uh, no.
Disaster: The Day After Tomorrow
Our Breaking Point: Frost Running
I didn't think it was possible for a character to piss me off more than when Dennis Quaid announced that he would be walking from Philly to New York, through the world's most horrific storm, ever. And then his movie son Jake Gyllenhaal and his friends ran from frost, and a pack of wolves. They outran cold. You cannot run from cold, and you cannot protect yourself from cold by shutting the door, nor can you breathe air that is that cold — but screw science, you just plain can't run from cold.
Advertisement
Disaster: Twister
Our Breaking Point: Thank God For These Leather Straps
Twister was a fun movie about lunatics who chase twisters, thus making storm-chasing look infinitely cooler than it could ever be. But for the most part, it's just lots of driving and yelling up at the sky and seeing cows fly past, etc — you know, good stuff. Until the big one. At the end, Bill Paxton and Helen Hunt chase and get chased by the really, really big tornado, and instead of dying, they tie themselves with leather belts to a pole, and survive. Their arms remain intact and neither of them manage to get hit by any of the debris that is encircling them. Lucky ducks, eh?
Disaster: The Core
Our Breaking Point: Explaining Unobtainium
The science behind the ship. It's made out of unobtainium, so the hotter and deeper it gets the stronger it gets. And it's shaped like a penis. So yeah...
Disaster: Outbreak
Our Breaking Point: Dustin Saves The Town With His Words
Between a ton of accidental spills and the trained professional scientists sticking their hands into infected blood samples or falling asleep on the job, the worst moment of all is by far Dustin Hoffman's magical speech. Yes, it's worse than the little girl playing with the ebola host monkey. Never in a million years would Dustin Hoffman be allowed to sit up there in that plane. I'd give him two minutes before he was shot out of the sky.
Disaster: The Happening
Our Breaking Point: The Ending
First the plants attack cities, then the roads, then the small cities, then groups, then angry people, then it's the wind. What. The Hell. How can something that probably took millions of years to develop change in hours? Because M. Night said so, that's why — so quit your whining and watch the big ending payoff. Wahlberg and Zooey then decide to suicides themselves, because Zooey decided even though the plants are killing everyone, she should take their dead friend's child outside to run amuck. And now they are trapped — by wind. Time to give up hope and walk towards each other with big sweeping instrumentals, what HAPPENS? Nothing. "The event must have stopped before we went out here." Screw this movie.
Disaster: Dante's Peak
Our Breaking Point: Grandma Gives Her Life
While I agree with having those who have already lived full lives sacrifice themselves first, this is a freaking strange scene. They're like, "Five seconds to the dock," and she decides to walk to the shore too, for extra dramatics.
[Thanks to Annalee and Ray Wert for the phallic Core jokes]
When you think of PSV Eindhoven, what names do you think of?
Perhaps greats like Ronald Koeman, for example, or the then-young Brazilian duo of Romario and Ronaldo. Maybe it's more recent heroes, such as Ruud Van Nistelrooy, Phillip Cocu, Mark van Bommel and Memphis Depay.
But there's another player – Arouna Koné – who has also had a lasting impression on the Dutch club.
It's not strictly down to his decent scoring record for Eindhoven, where he posted a respectable return of 23 goals in 64 games, nor is it that he was part of a side that won two Eredivise titles in his two-and-a-half seasons at the club.
However, the reigning Dutch champions actually had a prayer room installed for the Ivory Coast international in the home changing room at Philips Stadion.
Koné is a devout Muslim, following in the footsteps of his father, and the religion states that Muslims must pray at five set times of day.
When he joined the Dutch club, there was no set facility in the ground for players and staff to observe their daily prayers. So based on the suggestion of his teammates, PSV installed a prayer room.
The room, with its east-facing wall decorated with the shining Sun and adorned with the quote "Where there is light, there is hope," is still there for the use of current players, and can be seen on the PSV Eindhoven stadium tour.
Koné eventually left Eindhoven for Sevilla in a €12 million deal. But he didn't manage to stick there and was loaned out to Hannover and later to Levante, who went on to make the move permanent, though the club were reportedly keen to sell him immediately for a profit.
He wound up at Wigan Athletic where he was a member of their 2013 FA Cup-winning side, before following manager Roberto Martínez to Everton later that year.
Republican lawmakers in North Carolina had hoped to make their state the next new playground for natural gas companies. The pristine and soothing environment enjoyed by North Carolinians and tourists alike would not have stood a chance against the process known as fracking, which is used to pressure gas out of the ground by employing chemicals that are known to pollute water sources.
North Carolina Governor Bev Perdue knows this. That's why she promptly vetoed the bill known as SB 820, because Republicans refused to require regulators to make fracking safer, and to put in place protective measures to prevent disastrous spills and water poisoning.
Upon vetoing the bill, Perdue released a statement explaining why she nixed it.
“This bill does not do enough to ensure that adequate protections for our drinking water, landowners, county and municipal governments, and the health and safety of our families will be in place before fracking begins. I urged the sponsors of the bill to adopt a few changes to ensure that strong protections would be in place before any fracking would occur. The General Assembly was unwilling to adopt the changes I suggested. Therefore, I must veto the bill.”
This rejection of fracking is not only a victory for the environment, it's also a victory for the people of North Carolina. Republicans are absolutely willing to risk the health and lives of the people to squeeze whatever amount of gas may or may not be in the ground. Water is by far the most valuable resource on this planet, and freshwater sources are already threatened. So allowing gas and oil companies to threaten the water supply with poisons that can be lit aflame is not only irresponsible, it's plain crazy, especially since the technology exists to generate energy from the sun and wind and battery power. All we need to do is invest in it and use it. And hopefully, fracking will never be a threat to the environment and our health again.
Early voting and voting by mail have begun in many states and while Hillary Clinton gains in the polls, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump took to twitter on Sunday and alleged that results were being "rigged" at many polling places.
As he had done earlier in the Republican nominating contests, Trump once again said that the electoral process is skewed, but did not cite any evidence.
"The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD," Trump wrote on Twitter. He has also urged his supporters to keep an eye on voting locations to prevent a "stolen" election, which some critics interpreted as encouraging them to intimidate voters.
Last week has been particularly hard for the Trump campaign as the media was flooded with the news of women accusing Trump of making unwanted sexual advances and groping them.
The Trump campaign also filed a legal response against the New York Times, which ran a piece with some accounts of the women who have made the allegations. Their legal response where they said that Trump's reputation was already "compromised' has since gone viral.
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016
Trump also had to defend another leaked video from 2005 at the second (Townhall) debate. In the video, he was heard making lewd and misogynistic comments. He apologised for the video during the debate and then attacked Hillary Clinton by referencing her husband Bill Clinton's sex scandal that broke in 1998 that led to his impeachment.
Meanwhile, Reuters-Ipsos States of the Nation project released its polls on Saturday, which predict Clinton's odds of securing the 270 Electoral College votes needed to win the presidency at more than 95 percent and with a sizeable margin of 118 Electoral College votes.
According to the project, Trump trails by double-digits among women and all minority groups.
The government's plan to ban legal highs could result in young people disproportionately punished and branded criminals, according to The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD).
In a letter to Home Secretary Theresa May, the independent drugs body also warned it might discriminate against members of black and minority ethnic groups.
The Psychoactive Substances Bill targets so-called legal highs.
The ACMD supports the "pro-active" bill and says there are positive aspects to it, such as avoiding the delays in the current system.
For example, there is often a time gap between a new drug becoming available and the government's reaction against it.
It also praises the fact the bill does not make possession a criminal offence, only the production and supply.
But it lists eight concerns with the new rules.
One of them is that a person could be prosecuted for "supply and importation" when they have bought a small amount of psychoactive drugs for friends who have bought a substance as a group.
The ACMD refer to this as "social supply" and say that "criminal justice sanctions would be disproportionate to the harm caused by such acts". The top sentence is seven years in prison.
It adds that the bill could seriously inhibit medical and scientific research on psychoactive substances.
Another concern is that illegal dealing networks would be boosted by the closure of "head shops" which sell smoking equipment and other equipment.
The group said the bill as it stands may "not achieve its aims and may produce serious unintended consequences."
Even "helpful evidence-based herbal remedies" could now be criminalised, it added.
The Home Office said that the advsiroy council's advice was "greatly valued".
In a statement it said: "The home secretary has received Professor Les Iversen's letter on the Psychoactive Substances Bill and welcomes the ACMD's support of a move to reduce and prevent harms and preventable deaths caused by these dangerous drugs to young people, adults, families and societies.
"We will respond to the letter and recommendations before the bill is next debated in the House of Lords."
It will next be debated on 14 July.
For guidance on issues around drugs check these BBC Advice pages.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram, Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube and you can now follow BBC_Newsbeat on Snapchat
Video: Here's why Huddersfield have snapped up Irish youngster Jake Carroll
St. Patrick's Athletic full-back Jake Carroll will swap the Airtricity League for the Championship after Huddersfield Town swooped for the Irish youngster.
By Declan Whooley
The 21-year-old, who has represented Ireland at Schools level, will link up with the club in July after joining for an undisclosed sum.
Currently three points clear of the drop-zone with two games to play, the club will hope to still be in the second-tier of English football when the versatile defender links up with his new team-mates.
Born in London and raised in Lucan, Carroll made his 50th appearance for the Saints when he featured against Limerick last month but impressed Huddersfield manager Mark Robins after having two separate spells on trial with the Championship side.
“Jake impressed me a lot when he was here a few weeks ago on trial. He is left-sided, quick, powerful and has a good attitude with an aptitude to learn quickly,” he said on the club's official website.
Carroll played youth football for leading clubs Home Farm and Belvedere before joining St Patrick's in 2010 and is equally at home in midfield and will hope to follow in the footsteps of the likes of James McClean and Seamus Coleman who have made hugely successful transitions to English football from the Irish league in recent years. The club also recently recruited Irish Under-16 captain Danny Kane from Cherry Orchard
Not only an accomplished defender, Carroll has also demonstrated an eye for goal as these two clips show.
We wish him all the best with the Terriers.
Rookie Aaron Ripkowski (left) and veteran John Kuhn are competing during training camp for the starting fullback spot on the Packers' roster. Credit: Mark Hoffman
Green Bay — Unlike many teams in the National Football League, the daily story lines emanating from training camp in Green Bay will have little to do with how the Packers fare this season.
As the Super Bowl favorite, the Packers are rife with talent, devoid of major injury and not sweating much of anything 3½ weeks before the season opener.
You might say the starter hasn't been settled at two positions on offense, tight end and fullback, and two positions on defense, right cornerback and outside linebacker opposite Julius Peppers.
In each situation, however, the Packers have capable options. There are no voids in the 10th season together for general manager Ted Thompson and coach Mike McCarthy.
When asked how the Packers' starting 22 stacks up against the NFL, nose tackle B.J. Raji said, "We were a Hail Mary away from the Super Bowl. I'd have to put us at No. 1."
As for the pending 53-man roster, Raji said, "Ultimately, I think we're as talented as there is in the league. In all phases, we're the best."
Quarterback Aaron Rodgers views depth on offense as "good, really good.
"I think we've got nine or 10 guys in the offensive line," Rodgers said. "We've usually got five or six wide receivers. (Tight end) will be up in the air. Interesting.
"(Scott) Tolzien's looked great. Seven (Brett Hundley) looked great. (Matt) Blanchard's played really well, too.
"Running back is going to be tight. I think all three (backup running backs) did well (against New England)."
On defense, cornerback Sam Shields said there is an abundance of athletes, from the line to the back end.
"Lot of talent but you only can keep so much," he said. "What I tell young guys in our room is, you focus on trying to make this team, but you also got (31) teams watching you on film."
In retrospect, the best player cut by the Packers on the reduction to 53 last year probably was cornerback Jumal Rolle. He went on to play 202 snaps for Houston.
In 2013, the top player released on the final cut was wide receiver Charles Johnson, who now starts for Minnesota.
A conservative categorization of the current 87-man roster would show 24 players as locks to make the 53-man roster, 12 as good bets, 30 on the fence and 21 as long shots.
All teams must reach the 75-man limit by 3 p.m. Sept. 1 and the final 53 by 3 p.m. Sept. 5. After noon Sept. 6, clubs may establish a practice squad of 10 players. Candidates are waived players who do not have an accrued season (six games on the 53-man roster or injured reserve) or were on the 46-man active roster for fewer than nine regular-season games during their only accrued season.
A player cannot participate on a practice squad for more than three seasons. A year of service on the practice squad consists of a minimum of three weeks.
For the fourth season, teams will be allowed to designate one player on injured reserve for return. Instead of being out for the year, as players on injured reserve automatically are, that player would be able to resume practice six weeks into the regular season and play after eight weeks.
"I think it's a deep team," Rodgers said. "I wouldn't say tremendous yet. We've got to put it together. We've got to do better than we did the other night."
WIDE RECEIVERS (5)
Locks: Jordy Nelson, Randall Cobb, Davante Adams.
Good bet: Ty Montgomery.
On the fence: Jeff Janis, Myles White, Ed Williams.
Long shots: Larry Pinkard, Jimmie Hunt, Jared Abbrederis, Javess Blue.
Overview: The Packers kept five wideouts on their opening-day 53 in seven of the last eight years. Montgomery sewed up the No. 4 berth in the first few practices, and then it's a fight for No. 5.
Janis is a physical specimen with ideal speed and considerable promise as a punt returner. He might not be the natural, fluid receiver that the Packers prefer.
Back for his third try, White has added 10 pounds since 2013 and no longer gets knocked off routes easily. He also has the sudden acceleration to get deep.
Williams, a rookie free agent from Fort Hays State who wasn't signed until Aug. 3, has been a pleasant surprise. He has played faster than his 4.53-second 40 would suggest; on Monday, he destroyed Ryan White deep on a pair of one-on-one's. It's just a question if he has enough time to gain suitable command of the offense.
Pinkard and Hunt have had their moments, too, and with Williams are prime candidates for the practice squad.
Regarded by some teams as a major injury risk out of Wisconsin, Abbrederis was hurt in the fourth practice last summer and the first one this summer. Both the player and the team have to be weighing the risk of career resumption after his latest concussion.
TIGHT ENDS (4)
Lock: Richard Rodgers.
Good bet: Andrew Quarless.
On the fence: Justin Perillo, Mitchell Henry, Kennard Backman.
Long shot: Harold Spears.
Overview: Quarless has rebounded from his traumatic events of the last six weeks but has been passed by Rodgers for playing time. After them, it's too close to all.
Perillo put on 10 pounds in the off-season and has been a tad more physical in the run game and on special teams. He continually finds ways to get open. A concussion suffered in New England has sidelined him indefinitely.
Henry, an undrafted rookie from Western Kentucky, has had to play with a club on his left hand to protect a middle finger that was broken Aug. 6. He might be the toughest of the four backups and appeared sure-handed before the injury.
Backman, a sixth-round draft choice from Alabama-Birmingham, is a project in much the same vein as the previous No. 86, Brandon Bostick. He's fast, he's smooth and he's a feisty if far from overpowering blocker.
The chance that Quarless might be suspended for gun charges means the Packers could be in the market for a veteran tight end.
OFFENSIVE LINE (8 or 9)
Locks: G Josh Sitton, T Bryan Bulaga, G T.J. Lang, C Corey Linsley, T David Bakhtiari.
Good bets: C JC Tretter, G-T Josh Walker.
On the fence: T-G Don Barclay, G Lane Taylor.
Long shots: C-G Garth Gerhart, T Jeremy Vujnovich, G Matt Rotheram, G-T Vince Kowalski, G-C Andy Phillips, T Fabbians Ebbele.
Overview: Walker, 6 foot 5½ and 328 pounds, is a little stiff but moved people consistently in New England. Mainly a right guard for the first two weeks, he has been getting a crash course at right tackle and was serviceable there in the exhibition opener.
Walker's 15-2-2 (.842) record in the seven periods of one-on-one pass rush is third best among the 15 linemen.
Given Barclay's struggles against the Patriots, Walker now might rank as the top backup on the right side. Barclay, resourceful and experienced, deserves time to show the coaches he remains an adequate player just 12 months after ACL surgery. He ranks 11th in one-on-one's (7-4-5, .594).
Tretter, the leader at 13-2 (.867), has demonstrated anew that he is a solid center. Taylor (10-2-2, .786) has improved at guard in his third season but can't swing to tackle.
Gerhart was on the team all last season but probably needs an injury to stick again. Vujnovich has left-tackle type athleticism but is underpowered. Rotheram, a heavy run blocker, and Kowalski, who plays better than he looks, are practice-squad candidates.
QUARTERBACKS (3)
Lock: Aaron Rodgers.
Good bets: Scott Tolzien, Brett Hundley.
Long shot: Matt Blanchard.
Overview: Tolzien has solidified his hold on the No. 2 job that was owned by Matt Flynn a year ago.
Having retained three quarterbacks last year for the first time since 2008, the Packers would prefer keeping two but probably can't, especially if Hundley continues playing well in exhibition games.
To land Hundley on the practice squad would require him clearing waivers. With the Bills, Jets and a few other teams unsettled at the position, he could be lost to a waiver claim.
RUNNING BACKS (4 or 5)
Lock: RB Eddie Lacy.
Good bet: RB James Starks.
On the fence: FB John Kuhn, FB Aaron Ripkowski, RB Rajion Neal, RB Alonzo Harris.
Long shot: RB John Crockett.
Overview: After viewing the New England game, an NFL personnel man Monday said Neal, Harris and Crockett all were "pretty talented" and guessed two of the three at least would make the practice squad.
Neal probably is the fastest of the three and, as a former wide receiver, would have the best chance to add some pizzazz on third downs. However, the 221-pound Neal isn't as physical as the 238-pound Harris, who also has been a quick study.
Crockett has been OK since missing almost two months with a high ankle sprain.
It's probably about 50-50 that both Kuhn and Ripkowski make it.
Kuhn, who will be 33 Sept. 9, is an able third-down pass protector who starts to contribute in the ground game when the weather turns. Ripkowski catches the ball adequately and is far more valuable than Kuhn on special teams, but his blocking was hit-or-miss in the opener.
DEFENSIVE LINE (5 to 8)
Locks: DE Mike Daniels, NT B.J. Raji.
Good bet: DE-NT Letroy Guion.
On the fence: DE Josh Boyd, DE-NT Mike Pennel, DE Datone Jones, DE Christian Ringo, DE Bruce Gaston, DE Khyri Thornton.
Long shot: DE Lavon Hooks.
Overview: Guion (probably several games) and Jones (one game) will start the season on the NFL suspended list, necessitating one temporary roster move to replace Guion and two if the decision is made to retain Jones.
For now, at least, this is the most muddled position on the roster.
Boyd didn't play to his capabilities in 12 snaps against New England but proved as a starter last year that he can be fairly stout and active.
Pennel is better than he was as a rookie but has so little background that it's difficult to depend on him.
After Daniels, Jones (7-8-1, .469) and Gaston (5-6-4, .467) rank 2-3 in the one-on-one pass-rush drill.
Jones can get up the field but doesn't always finish and hasn't made a significant jump from his first two seasons. Moreover, the Packers probably question if he can hold the point at 290.
Although Gaston carries 318 pounds on a 6-2 frame, his forte is rushing the passer. A good effort player, he can beat a guard and has been functional against the run.
Ringo, a sixth-round pick from Louisiana-Lafayette, is learning the ropes. He has shown some quickness and the ability to get off blocks, but he's too light (6-0½, 300) for nose tackle and too short for base end. His niche has to be rushing inside.
After a wasted rookie season, Thornton has rushed a little better (5-9, .357) and isn't on the ground as much. Still, he gets tied up and struggles to find the ball.
Hooks, a top-notch basketball post player in junior college, has the athleticism to warrant a practice-squad position.
LINEBACKERS (10 or 11)
Locks: ILB-OLB Clay Matthews, OLB Julius Peppers, ILB Sam Barrington, OLB Mike Neal.
Good bet: OLB Nick Perry.
On the fence: OLB Andy Mulumba, OLB Jayrone Elliott, ILB Jake Ryan, ILB Nate Palmer, OLB James Vaughters, ILB Joe Thomas, OLB Jermauria Rasco, OLB Adrian Hubbard.
Long shots: ILB Carl Bradford, ILB Tavarus Dantzler, ILB Josh Francis.
Overview: Perry's chances to beat out Neal have been damaged by his groin injury that's approaching two weeks duration. The rejuvenated Mulumba, back from ACL surgery, would be No. 4 outside and Elliott, a speedy edge rusher and special-teams standout, figures as No. 5.
Vaughters, a rookie free agent from Stanford, did a lot more in 16 snaps against the Patriots than Rasco did in 25 and Hubbard in 30.
Strong, smart and versatile, Vaughters even showed promise inside on some subpackages. In contrast, Rasco and Hubbard were almost invisible.
Ryan, the fourth-round pick from Michigan, ran around and made a few plays against run and pass in the opener. He looks like No. 3 inside, followed in order by Palmer, Thomas and Bradford.
Palmer is a tough guy with good size and aptitude. He exhibits more feel than Bradford in their conversion from outside to inside. With his speed and aggressiveness Thomas could have a future as a dime linebacker.
SECONDARY (10 or 11)
Locks: CB Sam Shields, S Morgan Burnett, S Ha Ha Clinton-Dix, S-CB Micah Hyde, CB Quinten Rollins, CB Damarious Randall.
Good bet: CB Casey Hayward.
On the fence: S Sean Richardson, CB LaDarius Gunter, CB Demetri Goodson, S Chris Banjo.
Long shots: S Jean Fanor, CB Kyle Sebetic, CB Tay Glover-Wright, CB Ryan White.
Overview: Although Hyde is a slot starter in the nickel and dime, he should be considered as the No. 3 safety. Assuming Hayward isn't waylaid by another major injury, he's set as one of the top four cornerbacks.
With Goodson sidelined by a calf injury since Aug. 11, the hard-charging Gunter has passed him by for No. 5. Goodson, however, has special-teams value and enough raw potential to survive as No. 6.
Sebetic, the second-year free agent from Kenosha Tremper, is a competitive cover man and sure tackler from the slot.
The jury remains out on Richardson. Yes, he has great size and will smack people in the run game, but opponents will seek matchups exposing his deficiencies deep.
Banjo played well in New England and remains very much in the running. Working in Richardson's favor is the fact that $2.35 million of his one-year, $2.55 million contract is guaranteed.
Fanor, a rugged contact player, could be back on the practice squad.
SPECIALISTS (3)
Lock: K Mason Crosby.
Good bets: LS Brett Goode, P Tim Masthay.
Overview: The Packers made a wise move getting P Cody Mandell off the roster before the first game.
Masthay got the message when Mandell was signed one week after his subpar performance in Seattle capped a bad second half of the season. He responded, and there was no reason to keep a potentially divisive personality like Mandell around.
MEXICO CITY — This megacity of more than 20 million rang in the New Year with a pleasant revelation: the region registered 248 days in 2012 in which the air quality considered good.
Photo
The results, recorded by the federal district government, are in line with a trend of improvement. In a region once disparaged as “Mexsicko City,” the skies have cleared sufficiently to change perceptions of a place once considered one of the most contaminated in the world. “The city, without doubt, has stopped being the ugly duckling of the international community,” the previous mayor, Marcelo Ebrard, boasted in his final state-of-the-city address before leaving office on Dec. 5.
Mexico City has emerged as an aspiring environmental model citizen in recent years as the left-leaning local government has introduced everything from barter markets for recyclables to bicycle-sharing arrangements to zero emissions bus corridors.
But it is the clearing of the air that has burnished the local government's environmental credentials the most, especially given that other Mexican cities like Guadalajara and Monterrey regularly register days with worse air quality than the capital's.
Previously, people in the provinces viewed Mexico City's air situation as apocalyptic. “We can say that Mexico City is improving, while in the rest of the cities, it's getting worse,” says Guillermo Velasco Rodríguez, director of planning and projects at the the Centro Mario Molina in Mexico City.
It's a sharp change from the early 1990s, when Mexico City's problems seemed intractable – a product of unfavorable geography and poor urban planning, Mr. Velasco says. Mexico City covers a closed high-altitude valley that traps contamination. The metropolitan area, meanwhile, mushroomed as internal migration brought the nation's downtrodden masses to the outskirts of Mexico City, where they built shanties that later became sprawling suburbs.
The federal government began taking some steps to fix the situation in the 1980s, Mr. Vesalco said. It began measuring air quality and listing scores on something known as the Metropolitan Air Quality Index. The initial scores were unflattering: Mexico City registered scores of less than 50 – air quality that was considered good and posing a low risk to human health – just eight times in 1992.
The state-run oil company Pemex started selling low-sulfur gasoline. Big industrial operations like a once-polluting Pemex refinery moved to more outlying areas or were closed. A program known as “Hoy No Circula,” loosely translated as “No Driving Today,” kept cars off the road one workday each week. The federal, Mexico City and Mexico state governments – the latter being responsible for the outlying suburbs, home to an estimated 11 million residents – also created a joint commission on improving air quality.
The commission brought some continuity to addressing the problem – something difficult in Mexico, where the federal and state governments change every six years and an absence of re-election discourages long-term planning.
The current federal district government is quick to credit the work of past administrations from the same party, the Democratic Party of the Revolution, which won power in 1997, the first year that mayoral elections were held. (The federal district was previously ruled by a regent appointed by the president.)
Tanya Müller García, the local environment secretary, presents posters charting the city's air quality since 1986, when such record-keeping began, to underline how much the air has improved. Index scores topped 200 on a 500-point scale in the early years – bad enough that the local government could close schools and industry. No such scores have been registered since May 2003, while the number of good days steadily climbed from 181 days in 2008 to 211 days in 2011 to last year's 248.
And Mexico City has been quite innovative in public policy, Ms. Müller said. She mentioned initiatives like the Metrobus, a system of clean-burning buses plying dedicated lanes that has encouraged commuters to leave their cars at home. A new bicycle-sharing service known as Ecobici proved so popular that it developed a six-week waiting list. Hoy No Circula was expanded to Saturdays, when older, out-of-state vehicles entered the city more frequently, and only vehicles manufactured since the 2005 model year may circulate daily without restrictions.
Vehicle emission verification was also toughened, and centralized monitoring of the computers used in the tests was introduced to combat corruption. “Verification centers used to be able to manipulate” the system easily, said Alejandro Ramos, an environmental reporter for the newspaper Reforma. “It's harder now.”
Challenges remain, though. Mr. Ramos said that standards in Mexico State are less stringent than in Mexico City, prompting some with older cars to replate in the suburbs. Some poorer suburbs experienced an environmental precontingency over the Christmas holidays because of fireworks and the burning of tires and other trash in bonfires.
Measuring fine particulate matter is another problem. “Air quality has improved in terms of certain contaminants, but the monitoring service we have in Mexico City doesn't measure contaminants such as 2.5″ — particles measuring less than 2.5 micrometers in diameter — from mobile sources, said Gabriel Niño, public policy coordinator at the Mexican Environmental Law Center. And generous gasoline subsidies keep the price of Mexican gasoline lower than in the United States and mostly benefit the rich, creating disincentives for motorists to stop driving, Mr. Velasco said.
The region also lacks urban density, he adds, with workers buying homes through government housing programs in far-off municipalities, which means a commute on clogged roads lasting more than two hours.
Still, there has been enormous progress over the last 25 years. “It's like running a marathon,” Mr. Velasco said. “We're halfway there.”
I have been told to play The Book Of Living Magic by so many people. Even Jay of JayIsGames instructed me to do so. A point and click adventure embedded in a website, that has variously been described as charming and reminiscent of the joy of childhood books. So okay, okay, I took a look.
And did not like it.
Which has really thrown me. Recommendations from many who know, and a real desire for any game based on such themes, set me up to assume I was going into something great. But for some reason this one completely passed me by.
It's cute. Hand drawn scenes, seemingly drawn in crayon/marker, really stretch the limits of “crudely drawn”. But for me don't in any way evoke children's drawings, which I suppose was the aim. Instead it looks like an adult doing a deliberately bad job. Your method of interaction is to talk to people, and then later click on them when you've been given an item. And that's it.
The writing is extremely silly, and very lengthy – and all is written well. But again, it didn't seem to be saying anything. Just long-winded nonsense and cod-fantasy names, with the occasional comment generating a scribbling sound which means you've unlocked another conversation option with someone else. There is no subtlety here either. For instance, the star, Raven Locks Smith, grows up in a town called Dull. Right.
What I did love was the amazing effort that had gone into writing a description for almost every detail on screen. Here the game had me. Silly jokes, daft remarks, for every doodle, mostly offering barmy non-sequiturs that made for fun and pointless pixel hunting. When faced with image after image of dozens of plant-like eyeballs, it's a real treat that each of them has their own joke, whether it's a pun, bizarre remark, or something genuinely surreal.
But then it was over and gave some sort of attempted heart-felt plea about the importance of my role in the Book Of Living Magic that I didn't feel was at all earned.
I'm sorry, everyone. From the adoration it's received by the right people, I guess this one's just me. So definitely check it out and see where you fall.
Are all these books novels? Johannes Jansson
I was taken aback recently to pick up an (unnamed) magazine for which I'd written an article and see my brief bio begin with the words: “Ben Yagoda is a novelist. … ” I am not a novelist, never have been, and have not (since the age of 15) even had any aspirations in that direction. When I looked into the possible reasons for the error, I came to understand that the person who wrote the bio wasn't misinformed or making stuff up, but rather took “novelist” to mean the same as “author,” or, more specifically, “writer of books,” and maybe even more specifically than that, “writer of more or less meritorious books.”
A light bulb went off. I teach mostly writing and journalism workshops, but every once in a while, in class discussions or writing assignments, students will have reason to refer to particular nonfiction books—as I say, meritorious books, so not a guide to using your digital camera or naming your baby—and on numerous occasions they have referred to them as “novels.” I never gave this much thought till I had a conversation a few months ago with my colleague Kristen Poole, who teaches Renaissance literature. She told me that her students very frequently write things like “Shakespeare's novel Hamlet.”
I got on Twitter and sent out a tweet asking people if they were familiar with the “novel = book” custom. Teacher Mitch Nobis responded: “In high school essays, CONSTANTLY.” Jack Lynch, a professor of English at Rutgers, said, “Close to universal among the 20-yr-olds I teach. When I do history of the novel, 80% of my effort is breaking that habit.” An extremely sharp-eyed person noted that an (unnamed) major metropolitan newspaper, in its obituary of Louis Zamperini, referred to Laura Hillenbrand's book about him, Unbroken, as a “novel.” Lexicographer Jesse Sheidlower helpfully reported that Jonathan Lighter has long been writing about this topic on the listserv of the American Dialect Society discussion list, ADS-L. And sure enough, when I checked the archive, I found that Lighter's bemused observations on the topic went back to 2006, when he unearthed an actual class assignment from an actual (unnamed) school:
Nonfiction Literature. Over the course of your summer break, we ask that you read a nonfiction novel concerned with a social issue in anticipation of the upcoming school year. … This reading assignment's objective is to expose students to nonfiction material written for young adult and college-level readers. … We suggest choosing one of the following novels as an alternative: Nickel and Dimed (Barbara Ehrenreiuch); Guns, Germs, and Steel (Jared Diamond). … We suggest you read the novel twice. … Look for the primary thesis in the beginning of the book; it should be revisited in the novel's concluding chapter.
When Truman Capote called In Cold Blood a “nonfiction novel,” he meant something very specific: that the book used the techniques of fiction but was completely factual. The above assignment used the term differently and more broadly, as did another found by Lighter: “Marine Biology Book Reviews. Read a nonfiction novel first semester and write a five-paragraph book review. Second semester, read a fiction novel or another nonfiction novel and write a five-paragraph review.”
That is, fiction novel = novel, and nonfiction novel = nonfiction book. And sure enough, a literary agent responded to my tweet: “In queries: ALL THE TIME. People telling me of their ‘nonfiction novel' or their ‘fictional novel.'” My daughter Elizabeth Yagoda put me on to the new Amy Poehler-Paul Rudd rom-com spoof, They Came Together, where, soon after the meet-cute, the Poehler character gasps: “You like fiction books?? Fiction books is one of my favorite kinds of books!”
Even in 2006, the trend had apparently been going on for some time. Ben Zimmer posted on ADS-L a quote from the journalism professor Michael Skube, writing in the Washington Post: “College students nowadays call any book, fact or fiction, a novel. I have no idea why this is, but I first became acquainted with the peculiarity when a senior at one of the country's better state universities wrote a paper in which she referred to The Prince as ‘Machiavelli's novel.' “
Garson O'Toole provided some documentation to Kristen Poole's observation, with a couple of examples from the Yahoo Answers site, presumably posted by students:
“In the novel Hamlet who was the character name Yorick?”
“What is the theme of the novel ‘merchant of venice'? by shakespeare.”
I speculate that the trend has been accelerated by the arrival and success of the “graphic novel.” When that genre came on the scene, the stories were universally made up. Eventually, some creators had the bright idea of putting true stuff in comic-book form. These were called “graphic novels,” too, and have since become a thriving subgenre with an unwieldy moniker, as seen in this Amazon screenshot:
What explains the (broader) trend? In the limited commentary on the question, mention has been made of the blurring of generic boundaries, and the fuzziness of “truth” in the postmodern era—brought on by none other than In Cold Blood, with its well-documented fabrications. I tend to view it more pragmatically. English has no word to denote “nonfiction book” or “writer of nonfiction book(s).” Considering the clunkiness of the expressions in quotation marks, it's not surprising that college students—who are frequently called on to refer to such books and writers, and who are famously not semantic sticklers—would have turned to “novel” and “novelist,” which come trippingly on the tongue.
That reminds me, play is a short and sweet and wholly unobjectionable word. If one of my students called Hamlet a novel, they would be staring at a big red F. Some things are just plain wrong.
A version of this post appeared on Lingua Franca.
At one point Ms. Bhutto tried to show her determination to go to Rawalpindi, the garrison town adjacent to the capital. She got into her white four-wheel-drive to leave, but a police bus and a personnel carrier blocked her way.
Later in the afternoon, in what appeared to be a stage-managed move agreed on with the government, Ms. Bhutto emerged at the barricades and made a 20-minute speech that was broadcast on official Pakistani television.
And she rejected the announcement made by General Musharraf on Thursday that he would hold parliamentary elections before Feb. 15, saying that it fell short of her demands to relinquish his role as head of the army and end emergency rule.
By Friday evening, a government spokesman, Tariq Azim Khan, said Ms. Bhutto was free to leave her home. A restraining order had been placed on her for the day, he said, to prevent her from attending the rally, which had been banned under the emergency decree.
Photo
The spokesman said Ms. Bhutto had been confined because the government had had warnings of potential attacks against her in Rawalpindi, and did not want a repeat of the suicide attack against her last month, when Ms. Bhutto returned to Pakistan after living eight years abroad to avoid prosecution on corruption charges.
After that attack, in Karachi, Ms. Bhutto blamed the government for not paying proper attention to her security. She has since accused it of using the threats against her to justify its crackdown on any demonstration by the opposition.
That crackdown has swept up about 2,500 people from various opposition groups over the last several days, according to Western diplomats. Officials of Ms. Bhutto's party put the number far higher, at as many as 5,000 party workers nationwide.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On Friday, the police blanketed several square miles of Rawalpindi and shut down the city center to prevent workers and supporters of her Pakistan Peoples Party from reaching Liaquat Park, the site of the planned rally.
Protesters, fearing arrest, lurked in the old city's warren of alleys. Seething residents said they had never seen so many police officers in the city.
“I'm scared,” said Imran Ali, a 25-year-old medical company worker. “I'm not happy to see my country very deeply troubled.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Party workers from Rawalpindi and other major cities said they waited for orders from the party's central command about when to take on the police. Eventually, small groups of several dozen protesters began challenging the police on their own.
By late afternoon, orders arrived for protesters to carry out small attacks on the police, protesters and party workers said. As the sun set, the police began to leave the city and party workers dispersed. Workers said they did not know why Ms. Bhutto never ordered them to carry out larger attacks.
The police said 108 protesters were arrested across the city.
In Islamabad, the capital, Ms. Bhutto was surrounded by three layers of police lines, barbed wire and concrete barriers, and an armored personnel carrier blocked the entrance to her house at the end of a tree-lined cul-de-sac.
Senior party members, many of them well dressed and in designer sunglasses, were ushered past the barricades and into her home.
Photo
About 20 party workers, most of them in the lower ranks, were arrested outside her house during the day. Some of those arrested shouted “Prime Minister Benazir,” a reference to Ms. Bhutto's desire to be prime minister a third time, as they were driven away in blue police vans, their fingers forming V-for-victory signs through the bars.
How much of the day's events were the result of strategies worked out in advance to avoid tipping the country deeper into crisis was difficult to divine.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But with the mass arrests and near complete lockdown of Rawalpindi, the government was able to demonstrate its resolve, and by getting in her car and starting out the side entrance of her house where she was blocked, Ms. Bhutto was, too.
In her rejection of General Musharraf's concessions, Ms. Bhutto was undoubtedly walking a fine line between the competing constituencies she needs to appease. She had to balance the demands of her backers in Washington, who would like to see her and the general share power, and the feeling on the streets of Pakistan, where the appearance of backroom deal-making between Ms. Bhutto and the general has diminished the standing of both leaders.
Even amid the tensions, Western diplomats said Ms. Bhutto and General Musharraf were continuing to negotiate the power-sharing deal that was brokered by the United States and Britain as a way of returning Pakistan to some form of democratic rule.
Those negotiations could be thrown into jeopardy if tensions from Friday's standoff boiled over, said Hasan Askari-Rizvi, a political and military analyst in Lahore who also lectures in Washington at the School of Advanced International Studies of Johns Hopkins University.
There was still no sign, for instance, that General Musharraf would renounce his military position, Mr. Rizvi said. “If Musharraf can contain these protests for three days, fine,” he said. “But if the protests spread to cities and persist for a week, then Musharraf will have problems.”
In an indication of how Ms. Bhutto appeared to have preserved her freedom of movement after Friday's events, a senior aide said she planned to go ahead with a diplomatic reception at the Senate building on Sunday night.
Meanwhile, the general's emergency rule, while having helped plunge the country into turmoil, failed to counter the threat from extremists. A suicide bombing in Peshawar struck the home of a federal minister and killed four people on Friday afternoon, the first such attack since the general's decree.
The federal minister for political affairs, Amir Muqam, was meeting with colleagues at his home in the well-heeled quarter of Hayatabad when the bomber tried to crash into his house.
Falls Church's own Joey Santolini returns after six years to the popular “RuPaul's Drag Race” national reality TV show on Logo and VH-1 Thursday night at 8 p.m. for the start of yet another season. Santolini, who performs as Tatianna and who came in fourth place when she was on the show's second season in 2010, returns this season for a gala “All Star” show launching a season. It features 10 of the best contestants from eight seasons of the show involving $1 million in award money.
The News-Press had an exclusive interview with Tatianna following the 2010 show season, and a follow-up interview was conducted in the last week. Tatianna, a graduate of Falls Church High School, still lives in Falls Church. She has been the regular star performer on weekends at the Town Danceboutique in Washington, D.C. and she is very proud of RuPaul, the show's host, as an articulate spokesman on behalf of the LGBT community.
RuPaul (his real name) Andre Charles, born in 1961, has been a drag entertainer for over 30 years, and launched his RuPaul's Drag Race in February 2009. Drag involves not just dressing up, in his view, but mocks the “ego-based world.” In a Huffington Post interview he said, “This is what drag is all about. You are not who you think you are, you're born naked, and the rest is drag. It's all a facade. You're much more than you think you are.”
Here's last week's interview with Falls Church's Tatianna:
Q. Hello Tatianna/Joey. The last time I interviewed you was in March 2010 when you'd appeared for the first time on Ru Paul's Drag Race show. At that time you were living in Falls Church, having graduated from Falls Church High School. So, what's been going on with your life since then?
A. Since Season 2 of RuPaul's Drag Race my life has changed quite a bit! Right after the show I was balancing my drag career with my career as a hair stylist. About three and half years ago I decided to take on drag full time and leave my position at the salon I had worked at for almost five years. I've been able to travel and perform all over which has been really great!
Q. What have been some of your most exciting or interesting experiences since you've taken Tatianna on tour, and including at your long-term home base club, Town in Washington, D.C.?
A. Oh gosh, there are to many to name! But I will say every time I'm at Town Danceboutique or on the road I'm always excited to meet new people. That's one of my favorite parts of what I do. Especially the drag enthusiasts…they are always a trip!
Q. How long do you plan to continue to be an entertainer? Have you developed other interests or skills that will contribute to a career in the future?
A. I plan to do this until I either can't any more or I stop enjoying it, which I feel won't be for a long time. I have tossed around the idea of opening a boutique or developing a small makeup line. I have always been interested in makeup and fashion.
Q. How about your personal life? Do you have a husband or boyfriend? What do you consider the most important things that contribute to a successful long-term relationship?
A. I am single at the moment but I would like to be in a relationship or get married in the future. For me I think the most important factors for a good relationship are trust, communication, and every now and then, space. I've always been pretty independent so space and freedom are big things for me.
Q. RuPaul has made a name for herself in the past year as an articulate spokesperson on behalf of the LGBT community. What do you think of her in this role?
A. I think she is great! She is always coming from a place of love which I think really shines through.
Q. Do you still live in Falls Church or come here often? If not, where do you live now?
A. Yes, I still live in Falls Church! Northern Virginia/DC is my home so I don't think I'll be moving anytime soon!
Share this: Print
Email
Tweet
Comments
comments
It seems Dak Prescott always is doing an act of kindness somewhere for someone. He did again Saturday, surprising the son of a slain Mississippi deputy.
Deputy William Durr, 36, was killed while responding to a domestic violence call on May 27 in Brookhaven, Miss. He was one of eight people killed in a shooting rampage in three homes.
A photo released by Durr's family soon after his death showed Durr, his wife, Tressie, and 10-year-old son Nash wearing Mississippi State gear, including Nash in Prescott's No. 15 jersey.
Prescott apparently got word of what happened, saw the photo and wanted to meet Nash.
Nash's mother told her son they were going out of town for a family trip, and told Nash a white lie that they were headed to the botanical garden Saturday, according to The Clarion-Ledger. Instead, they went to meet Prescott.
Prescott posed for photos and spent time visiting with the family. The family told The Clarion-Ledger that while their hearts still are broken over the loss of William Durr, meeting Prescott brought them joy.
Photo courtesy the Durr family via The Clarion-Ledger
Hall of Fame punter Ray Guy soaks up the love from Oakland fans
Ray Guy proudly wore his gold Pro Football Hall of Fame jacket to the Raiders-Chiefs game on Thursday night.
At halftime, he got his ring.
“Now the outfit is complete,” he said.
Guy and 12 other Raiders who are members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame stood under umbrellas in a rainy halftime ceremony on the field where he changed the league's opinion about the importance of a punter.
Guy, 64, was inducted 28 years after he last played. He spent his entire career with the Raiders, nine in Oakland and five in Los Angeles.
When Guy finally got the call, last February, it took him a while to believe it.
“And it still took a few months to really soak in,” he said.
He was touched by the support and turnout of many former NFL punters in Canton. Guy said they were banding together to be more involved in charitable events and make the presence of punters more significant.
“It's hard to put into words what it means to be back here in the Coliseum to get the ring,” he said. “But the main thing is all the fans and all my former teammates. We had the opportunity to be around today and sit around and reminisce with the Raider family. That's one more memory I'll have for the rest of my life.”
Hall of Fame punter Ray Guy acknowledges the crowd during a halftime ceremony Thursday. Hall of Fame punter Ray Guy acknowledges the crowd during a halftime ceremony Thursday. Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Hall of Fame punter Ray Guy soaks up the love from Oakland fans 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Among Hall of Famers who were with the Raiders and were on hand to witness the ring ceremony: John Madden, Willie Brown, Ted Hendricks, Fred Biletnikoff, Marcus Allen, Rod Woodson, Mike Haynes, James Lofton, Jim Otto, Howie Long, Art Shell and Ron Mix.
Guy said he believes plenty of other Raiders, including Cliff Branch, Tom Flores and Jim Plunkett, also belong in the Hall of Fame.
“We're going to push really hard,” Guy said. “Now that I'm part of Hall of Fame, I'll have a little bit more voice. Hopefully we'll get a lot more Raiders, because we have a lot more who are deserving.”
Why have so many Raiders had to wait?
“It's kind of a mystery,” Guy said. “I guess there's this mystique. I can't figure it out. We need to open their eyes a little more. It's a different era when you're talking about those guys. It's not just about statistics.”
Guy probably speaks for all those Raiders greats when he says how difficult it is to see the once-great team struggle.
“It's very hard to watch them fall on such hard times,” Guy said.
But he was optimistic.
“I think today's going to be the day,” he said. “I think they're going to break the ice.”
As usual, Ray Guy was deadly accurate.
Ann Killion is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: akillion@sfchronicle.com
The fourth Aussie Backyard Bird Count has just ended, with nearly 2 million birds from 635 species submitted to the BirdLife Australia app. The count, which is in its fourth year, has created a national database of birds finds in our backyards.
We don't know yet exactly how many people participated this year, but more than 60,000 people submitted checklists in 2016. Participants span the whole country, though participation is highest in our urban areas. By surveying our backyards (rather than “good” bird spots), these citizen scientists provide ecologists – like me – with information from urban areas we would not otherwise sample.
This includes data on a range of common bird species that are not frequently analysed because these species are believed to be secure. One of the most surprising results is a decline in the frequency of occurrence of the laughing kookaburra across southeast Australia.
Counting birds
Everyone has a bird story – and fortunately for ecologists, everyone is willing to share them. With 85% of Australia's population living in cities and towns, birds are an important connection to our natural environment.
BirdLife Australia
But birds are also good environmental indices. They're generally easy to measure, they respond quickly to environmental change and we know a reasonable amount about the ecology of most species.
Between 1998 and 2014, BirdLife Australia volunteers collected a significant amount of data. This was used to develop a terrestrial bird index in 2015 – a bird “Dow Jones” to track our biodiversity. It was here that the decline in kookaburras was first identified.
The data were drawn from BirdLife Australia's ongoing atlas project, now called Birdata. However, there are biases in this data set, as people obviously like to go birdwatching where they will see more birds. This may inflate the frequency of encountering some species and decrease the chances of encountering others – particularly rare and cryptic species.
For the last four years, we've asked volunteers to add to this data by counting birds around their home for a week in October, when many birds are highly active and visible. These counts complement the data already available in Birdata by allowing access to backyards across Australia, which are generally poorly represented in the larger data set.
While there are still limitations in the Backyard Bird Count data, such as the risk of mis-identification, for common species like the laughing kookaburra we can generally be confident that the identification is correct. Even if the same bird is counted multiple times, our models report only a species' presence or absence, so inflated numbers don't affect the trend.
Are kookaburras really declining?
The below figures show modelled trends for the kookaburra across metropolitan Melbourne and Sydney. These figures are derived from the volunteer-collected Birdata, much of which comes from green spaces and remnant vegetation in these landscapes.
I wondered whether these declines are true changes in the populations, or reflect a change in the way kookaburras are using the landscape, possibly moving into the matrix of urban backyards that just don't get surveyed. Looking solely at the backyard count data, I found similar trends in the reporting rates of kookaburras as those in the models, supporting that this decline is at the population level. What started out in 2014 as a way of engaging the broader community with their birds is now collecting useful ecological data.
Further exploration of the ABBC data across other capital cities found some interesting things. In both Perth and Hobart, where the kookaburra is considered an introduced species, the birds are recorded more frequently than in Melbourne and across the ACT. In Perth, increases in 2016 compared to previous years suggest an increase in the species there.
Unpublished models/K. Herman/BirdLife Australia , Author provided
While three years does not make a trend, Aussie Backyard Bird Count data from heavily urbanised areas suggest we are seeing a decline in this iconic species in the eastern capitals. Likely reasons for this are the loss of nesting hollows and possibly reductions in the availability of prey as we increasingly modify our urban landscapes. We don't really know as this is not an area that has been researched.
We need citizen scientists
Collecting enough data (especially from the backyards of towns and cities) to detect these kinds of changes can be an overwhelming task. This is where citizen science programs like the Aussie Backyard Bird Count can help.
As well as helping ecologists track large-scale biodiversity trends, it also gives people the chance to connect with their natural environment and gain a greater appreciation of our unique fauna.
As with all citizen science projects, there are limitations in the data being collected. However, the Backyard Bird app has been designed to make counting as simple and standardised as possible, providing confidence in the tally of common and “iconic” species, and filling in the gaps found in other data sets.
The good old kookaburra is neither rare nor cryptic. If anything, if people are seeking out “good” bird habitat to survey we would expect that kookaburras would be one of those species subject to inflated reporting. But this is not what we encountered.
If we are starting to see declines in species that we have traditionally considered secure, what does this mean for those that are already at risk? Once all the data from the Aussie Backyard Bird Count have been collated and vetted we will continue to explore the developing trends in Australia's urban birds. Increasing engagement and awareness in our communities can help ensure our backyard birds are still around to count next year.
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) - Iran has proposed the formation of a bloc of Muslim countries to fight terrorism and boost economic cooperation that would include its regional rival Saudi Arabia.
Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani told a security conference on Sunday that the two countries, along with Turkey, Egypt, Iraq and Pakistan, should join together to promote “regional peace based on Islam, defending the Palestinian people, fighting terrorism and economic interests.”
Shiite-majority Iran and mainly Sunni Saudi Arabia are bitterly divided, and support opposite sides in the civil wars in Syria and Yemen. Saudi Arabia cut diplomatic ties with Iran in January after Iranian demonstrators stormed Saudi diplomatic facilities to protest the execution of a prominent Saudi Shiite cleric.
Larijani said Saudi Arabia and other nations should know that Iran is not “their enemy.” He said Iran is opposed to “warmongering in Syria and Yemen” and wants to resolve regional conflicts through “national solidarity governments resorting to democratic methods.”
“Iran is not after creating an empire and hegemony in the region,” he said. “Our viewpoint is aimed at improving unity.”
Iran is a close ally of Syrian President Bashar Assad, and sponsors the Hezbollah armed group in Lebanon as well as state-sanctioned Iraqi Shiite militias. At a two-day security summit in Bahrain last week, the leaders of Western-allied Arab Gulf countries agreed on the need to counter Iran's “destabilizing activities” in the region.
Saudi Arabia announced the formation of a 34-member “Islamic military alliance” against terrorism nearly a year ago, which excluded Iran.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Photo: WPI Roboticists at Worcester Polytechnic Institute outfitted a Husky ground robot with an arm and spray system to demonstrate how a remotely controlled vehicle could assist in decontamination tasks.
Advertisement
Last month, we previewed a workshop on Safety Robotics for Ebola Workers that was being held by the Center for Robot-Assisted Search and Rescue (CRASAR) at Texas A&M University in partnership with the White House Office of Science and Technology. The goal was to try to figure out how (or if) robots might be able to help out in the current Ebola crisis, and how we might prepare for robots to be useful in future medical situations. The workshop was held early this month, and yesterday, CRASAR director Dr. Robin Murphy posted her assessment of how things went.
According to Dr. Murphy, “the major takeaway was that robots do exist that could be immediately repurposed now to protect Ebola health workers but how robots fit into the medical response enterprise is as important as what the robots can actually do.”
What this means is that there are systems available now that fulfill some of those roles that we talked about in our previous article, but that actually getting robots to be useful, and used, in these roles requires thinking about all kinds of complicated stuff that people who develop and use robots right now might not have considered.
Let's take a look at some examples that Dr. Murphy uses to illustrate how a robot might not be entirely appropriate to use in a context where it might otherwise be valuable:
Does the robot work within the cultural context in which it will be deployed? It seems like telepresence would be a great way to allow doctors to safely interact with patients, but as Dr. Murphy points out, this could easily “overwhelm a non-Western family who has never seen a computer.” A better solution might be to use something less, you know, robotic, like a tablet with a camera in it.
Does the robot fit in with existing workflow and practices? Healthcare workers are extraordinarily busy, and they've got a system of strict and established protocols for doing what they do. How likely is it that they're going to want to spend the free time that they don't have trying to adjust what they're doing to deal with some kind of robotic system that they'd been getting along without? Dr. Murphy suggests that “small changes that produce at least a tenfold benefit can make a difference,” and might therefore be worth trying to implement.
Can the robot realistically function reliably within the environment? This is much more of a practical question. Robots will need to be able to deal with lots of dirt, canvas floors, narrow doorways, and electrical power and wireless that may not be reliable at all. Also, the robots will need to be decontaminated, and nobody is going to want to have to deal with some sort of special, gentle, robot-friendly decontamination procedure. Your robot had better be cool with getting doused in bleach.
Is the robot easy to maintain and use? Robots in the field likely won't have access to a lot of batteries, not to mention spare parts, and even if they do, healthcare workers in protective gear are definitely not going to want to spend their time trying to fix a broken robot that they have no idea how to fix. Similarly, the robot can't have a steep learning curve, or it just won't be worth the time for health workers and responders to figure out.
With all of this stuff in mind, Dr. Murphy says that the biggest issue right now is “not the lack of capable robots but rather the lack of requirements that would allow industry to invest in repurposing robots and enable agencies to test and evaluate the robots and develop training.” In other words, the hardware exists, but nobody is quite sure yet how to effectively get the robots that can do the job into situations in which they'd be helpful.
Having said that, the workshop participants did come up with some near-term ways in which robots may be able to help with medical disasters. These seem to be the most realistic:
Remote interaction with family members: Medical interpreters could use telepresence devices to work with family members, performing relatively simple tasks like helping them fill out forms that might otherwise require a human to be present.
Materials handling: Robots could minimize the amount of time humans spend in risky situations by moving litters, transporting contaminated waste, or transitioning materials into or out of “hot” areas.
Decontamination: One of the most obvious uses, robots [like the one pictured above, a prototype developed by Taskin Padir's group at at Worcester Polytechnic Institute] could sterilize rooms, equipment, or themselves.
Delivery and resupply: Some villages are inaccessible during the rainy season, and unmanned boats or UAVs may be able to deliver small amounts of critical supplies. However, even something as simple as this has important cultural considerations, as Dr. Murphy describes: “for example it is better for a medium sized UAV to drop off a large payload of supplies and let the village equivalent of the American Red Cross representative go fetch it and deliver it to different households as part of their daily routine or should a smaller UAV do a precision drop to individuals?”
In some ways, the things that this workshop is dealing with are considerations that the entire field of robotics needs to try to understand: just because robots can help, doesn't mean that they should help, and especially doesn't mean that the people that they would be helping even want them to help, all things considered.
Part of the focus of the workshop was identifying two things: what are the most critical problems in the current situation, and is the value proposition of using a robot to mitigate or solve these problems high enough to make it worthwhile? More specifically, can implementing a robot mean a small change in procedure that leads to a tenfold (at least) benefit?
In a few of the cases that Dr. Murphy discusses, the answer may be yes, although there's still a lot of work to do in making that actually happen. And with that in mind, CRASAR will host a second workshop to discuss specific use cases for robots in early January of 2015.
Dr. Murphy goes into much more detail on the CRASAR blog, which you can read at the link below.
Via [ CRASAR ]
When President Obama and the Republicans meet this week to discuss the George W. Bush tax cuts, he will have a question for them about extensions for the wealthy.
"If they feel very strongly about it, then I want to get a sense of how they intend to pay for it," Obama told reporters yesterday as Air Force One made its way back from Asia.
Obama supports extending the tax cuts for the middle class, but raises a deficit objection for Americans who make more than $200,000 a year, and couples who make more than $250,000.
"I believe it is a mistake for us to borrow $700 billion to make tax cuts permanent for millionaires and billionaires," Obama said. "It won't significantly boost the economy, and it's hugely expensive. So we can't afford it."
The lame duck Congress needs to resolve the issue soon: The Bush tax cuts expire at the end of the year.
Republicans say no one should have their taxes raised in this economy, and that the wealthy people Obama talks about include business owners who create jobs.
"We aren't going to get our economy moving unless we stop the tax hikes and cut government spending," said Michael Steel, a spokesman for incoming Speaker of the House John Boehner, R-Ohio. "That's what Republicans pledged to America, and that's what we'll fight for."
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said the issue isn't paying for tax cuts -- it's whether people will be facing tax hikes when the Bush rates expire.
"While the president and some of his allies in Congress have a strange desire to raise taxes on hundreds of thousands of small businesses across the country, we would welcome the president's help to extend all the current tax rates so that no one sees a tax hike," McConnell said.
Obama meets Thursday with Republican and Democratic congressional leaders, including Boehner.
The high-end tax cuts are something "the Republicans expressed some strong feelings about," Obama said. "I want to hear from them how strongly they feel about it, particularly given that they're also saying they want to control the deficit and debt."
In the meantime, other lawmakers are floating various ideas for a compromise on the Bush tax cuts.
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., talked about changing the definition of "rich" during an appearance Sunday on CBS' Face The Nation.
"Democrats had originally called for tax cuts for people below $250,000, Republicans for everybody," Schumer said. "What if we moved it up to $1 million? Everyone below $1 million will get a tax cut but the millionaires and billionaires won't."
(Posted by David Jackson)
Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard told CNN that she has proof the Obama administration was funding ISIS and Al-Qaeda.
Hawaii Rep. Gabbard went to Syria on a secret fact-finding mission to wade through the lies and propaganda and find out what is really happening on the ground.
Immediately on her return CNN booked her for an “exclusive” interview – and Gabbard told them exactly what they didn't want to hear: she has proofed the Obama administration was funding ISIS and Al-Qaeda.
Explaining to Jake Tapper that she met people from all walks of life in Aleppo and Damascus, Gabbard said that Syrians “expressed happiness and joy at seeing an American walking their streets.” But they also wanted to know “why is it that the United States, its allies and other countries, are providing support, are providing arms, to terrorist groups like Al-Nusra, Al-Qaeda, ISIS, who are on the ground there, raping, kidnapping, torturing, and killing the Syrian people?
“They asked me why is the United States supporting these terrorist groups who are destroying Syria – when it was Al-Qaeda who attacked the United States on 9/11, not Syria.
“I didn't have an answer for that.“
That was more than Jake Tapper, who was hostile from the beginning of the interview, could handle.
His face screwed up, Tapper lashed out, saying, “Obviously the United States government denies providing any sort of help to the terrorist groups you are talking about, they say they provide help for the rebel groups.“
If that was supposed to Tapper's knockout blow, Gabbard saw it coming a mile away.
Without missing a beat, she calmly deconstructed his ideological, and savagely wrong, talking points.
“The reality is, Jake – and I'm glad you bought up that point – every place that I went, every person I spoke to, I asked this question to them. And without hesitation, they said ‘there are no moderate rebels, who are these moderate rebels that people keep speaking of?'
“Regardless of the name of these groups, the strongest fighting force on the ground in Syria is Al-Nusra or Al-Qaeda and ISIS. That is a fact. There are a number of different other groups, all of them are fighting alongside, with or under the command of the strongest group on the ground that is trying to overthrow Assad.”
Brave Tulsi Gabbard completely deconstructed the false narrative sold by the Muslim Brotherhood, Obama administration, John McCain, Adam Kinzinger and Evan McMullin – all of whom supported the various terrorist factions within Syria – and sets the record straight:
There are no “moderate rebels” in Syria. “Moderate rebels” is an Obama-era propaganda myth. The opposition to Assad is led by ISIS and Al-Qaeda – and they are raping, kidnapping and murdering Syrian women, men and children – and any smaller rebel groups fighting against Assad are fighting in coalition with ISIS and Al-Qaeda.
These are the groups the Obama administration was funding and supporting.
According to an investigation by the Guardian, Chicago police maintain a heretofore secret interrogation chamber in a warehouse on the city's west side. The compound is used to isolate suspects from family members or proper legal counsel.
Brian Jacob Church, a protester, says he was held at the facility in Homan Square for nearly a day and denied access to an attorney. He was handcuffed to a bench for what he estimates to have been 17 hours and was never informed of his Miranda rights. By the end of his interrogation, Church was charged with terrorism-related offenses.
“Essentially, I wasn't allowed to make any contact with anybody,” Church told the Guardian. He says that even after he asked to call a lawyer, police refused.
“Homan Square is definitely an unusual place,” Church said. “It brings to mind the interrogation facilities they use in the Middle East. The CIA calls them black sites. It's a domestic black site. When you go in, no one knows what's happened to you.”
Those familiar with the compound list a range of abuses which have taken place. Police beatings and prolonged shackling are common practices, and the facilities location allows the interrogations to be done off the books.
© AP Photo / Chicago Police Department From left, Brent Vincent Betterly, Jared Chase, and Brian Church, each accused of plotting Molotov cocktail attacks at a 2012 NATO summit in Chicago.
Because suspects taken to Homan Square are not officially booked, there is no record of their location. Family members are left in the dark about their relative's whereabouts.
After Church's arrest, attorneys desperately scrambled to contact him, the Guardian reported. Even after 12 hours of intense searching, lawyers could find no trace of Church, and it was only after using connections through Mayor Emanuel's office that they were able to learn of Homan Square.
© Flickr / Michael Kappel Cops Who Expose Corruption in Chicago Receive Death Threats from Other Cops
Church was, at last, allowed to speak to an attorney, though only through a chain-link metal cage.
He, along with two co-defendants, were found not guilty of their terrorism charges.
Civil rights attorney Flint Taylor told the Guardian that while these practices may not be entirely surprising for the Chicago police – a department with a history of militant procedures – these practices violate both the Fifth and Sixth Amendments.
“This Homan Square revelation seems to be an institutionalization of the practice that dates back more than 40 years, of violating a suspect or witness' rights to a lawyer and not to be physically or otherwise coerced into giving a statement,” Taylor said.
The Chicago police department has owned the warehouse since the late 1990's, and several lawyers have described strange incidents in which their clients have disappeared for days, only to reemerge just as mysteriously. Even attorneys who knew about the Homan Square facility were frequently turned away when requesting to speak with clients.
“They just disappear, until they show up at a district for charging or are just released back out on the street,” criminal defense attorney Anthony Hill told the Guardian.
Many people have emerged from the interrogation facility with physical injuries. Eliza Solowiej, of Chicago's First Defense Legal Aid, told the Guardian that one of her clients had his name changed by police in order to hide his whereabouts as he was taken to Homan Square. Solowiej found him in a local hospital with a head injury.
That's if suspects make it out at all. In 2013, the Chicago Tribune reported that 44-year-old John Hubbard was found dead inside a Homan Square interrogation room. No records exist to even explain why Hubbard was in police custody.
Many police officials have expressed concern over such a facility. Richard Brzeczek, Chicago's police superintendent during the early ‘80's, said he had no first-hand knowledge of the civil rights abuses, and insisted that Homan Square “should be on the same list as every other facility” so that relatives and attorneys can ask if an individual is in custody.
Shane T. McCoy Chicago Police Veteran Found Exporting Torture Practices to Gitmo - Reports
“I've never known any kind of organized, secret place where they go and just hold somebody before booking,” retired Washington DC detective James Trainum told the Guardian. “That scares the hell out of me that that even exists or might exist.”
This is just the latest scandal for Chicago police. A separate Guardian investigation found that a former officer within the department was also involved in interrogations at Guantanamo Bay.
The revelation of the Homan Square site could be just the latest example of police militarization within departments across the United States. The kind of brutal tactics which were heavily criticized during the riots in Ferguson last August, also appear to be taking place behind closed doors.
When commencement speakers share their wisdom and career advice with college grads next month, they might want to add a dose of techno-realism to the inspirational anecdotes. Because the truth is that the labor market is on the verge of a long-term boom—that is, for intelligent machines that will compete in the years to come with millions of ambitious college grads.
But if MIT professor Erik Brynjolfsson, co-author with Andrew McAfee of the bestselling book, The Second Machine Age, were addressing those grads, his speech wouldn't be all doom and gloom. While AI and robotics make routine processing tasks fast and cheap, he argues, we'll also see growth in fields like nursing and sales—jobs that require interpersonal, creative, and entrepreneurial skills. Brynjolfsson says that just as the Industrial Revolution spurred economic growth and new ways to work, this next wave of technology will seed new career opportunities for humans, too.
The catch, says Brynjolfsson, is that the very schools from which grads are about to emerge aren't prepping students properly for the future. They teach rote memorization and order-taking—skills that machines make obsolete. The onus, then, falls on next-gen workers to develop innately human capabilities that complement the routine work of machines, Bryjolfsson says. That's a tall order, so we asked him what career advice he gives current students about preparing to work alongside the bots.
What skills do you tell your students to focus on now that machines are taking over routine jobs?
There are jobs that machines are substitutes for, jobs that machines are complements for, and jobs that machines don't affect at all. Your strategy as a student should be to stay far, far away from things that machines are substitutes for, like routine information processing.
You want to try to find jobs where machines are complements. Things that as machines get cheaper and more powerful, they make those skills more valuable. Data scientist is a perfect example. With the proliferation of digital data coming online from the Internet of Things, people who are able to take advantage of large datasets will become more valuable. We're teaching a new course at MIT that's essentially a laboratory for working with big data.
The third category is skills that machines just don't affect very much yet. I think we'll see employment growth in jobs that require nurturing and caring, interpersonal skills, and negotiating. Machines aren't substitutes and they're not complements for jobs like nursing, teaching, sales and leadership, and coaching. The net effect will be that they'll be relatively safe for a while.
Why excites you most about where tech is taking our society?
I believe we can shift curriculums that teach creativity and interpersonal skills, entrepreneurship and teamwork. The Montessori method is a good example. Here at MIT Sloan we push students to work in teams. That kind of revolution in education matches up with the skills that complement or aren't affected by technology. If you have a creative idea, you can scale it to billions of people today in a way you never could before. Some of my students have written apps that in a few months reached over a million people. That's something that never would have happened 20 or 30 years ago. There's a real extra value to creativity that wasn't there before.
As both students and teachers, we have to prepare our skills for where the technology is going in the next 10 or 20 years, and that means start moving away from rote knowledge learning and conformism and towards encouraging creativity and interpersonal skills.
My hope is that we'll do that fast enough and the net result will be that this technology creates shared prosperity for a lot of people.
What worries you most about the new machine age on the horizon?
I'm worried that we won't be quick enough to change our own skills and to teach new skills. There's a huge mismatch between the kind of education that was important and successful in the 20th century and the kind that's going to be needed in the 21st century. In Henry Ford's era, industry needed people who could follow instructions and work on big assembly lines.
Today, routine information processing is something that machines do extremely well. Our schools need to move beyond simply teaching people how to follow instruction and do routine information work, toward creativity and interpersonal skills, toward entrepreneurship and teamwork. We need a revolution in education that's every bit as big as the revolution in technology.
In addition to the upside down crosses and cats, Tyler's worn out blue Vans have also become a staple to his everyday attire. Many of us had this collaboration on our wish lists, and fortunately, it's been delivered! Tyler has teamed up with Vans Syndicate to give his own spin on the classic Vans Old Skool model.
The shoe is expected to release in a variety of colors, and since they are Tyler's take on the model, each shoe will feature the words “Golf Wang” in boxcutter font stitched on the heel as well as a custom tongue tab with an Odd Future cat imprint. All come equipped with a gum sole. As of now, there is no release date on this collaboration, but we'll keep you updated as soon as we know more information! How many of you plan to get these when they release?
Inspired by the Palace of Versailles in France, America's most expensive home is yet again available for purchase. Initially listed for $139 million, the lavish Hillsboro Beach property is now considered to worth much more than that, hence the increase in price-tag to $159 million.
Dubbed as Le Palais Royal, the enormous mansion comes with six waterfalls, each of them reaching 25 feet in height, as well as a marble staircase worth more than most luxury homes – about $2 million.
That incredible amount of money will get you a master suite with a heated plunge pool on the balcony, $3 million worth of gold leaf decorations throughout the home, an 18-seat IMAX home theater, as well as a 30-car subterranean garage.
The latter should be easy to fill, as someone who can afford this property would definitely own an extensive collection of impressive rides.
It's also worth mentioning that the same Le Palais Royal mansion includes a wine cellar, which can store 3,000 bottles, and a 1,300-gallon built-in aquarium. And if that's not impressive enough to you, you should know that an entertainment complex is being built underground. It will comprise an ice-skating rink, a nightclub, a bowling alley and a go-kart racetrack.
It seems that this particular new addition is what modified the price-tag, as it was not part of the original property. The exclusive estate has been under design and construction for about seven years, and the name behind it is Joseph Leone, who wanted to create a true marvel inspired by the French palace. I think it's safe to say he succeeded.
There are three months to go for Windows XP. The ancient operating system is leaving extended support on April 8, at which point Microsoft will no longer ship free security fixes. XP itself isn't the only thing that's losing support on that date. The Windows XP version of Microsoft Security Essentials, the company's anti-malware app, will stop receiving signature updates on that date and will also be removed for download.
The message is clear: after April 8, Windows XP will be insecure, and Redmond isn't going to provide even a partial remedy for the security issues that will arise. Antivirus software is just papering over the cracks if the operating system itself isn't getting fixed.
In contrast, both Google and Mozilla will provide updates for Windows XP versions of Chrome and Firefox beyond the cessation of Microsoft's support. Google has committed to supporting Chrome until April 2015.
With three months to go and Windows XP still holding almost a thirty-percent usage share of the Web, the ending of support is going to have an impact on a lot of people. Still, it's unlikely that killing off MSE is going to be the straw that breaks the camel's back and forces these Windows XP holdouts to upgrade.
The big question is, what will? XP's end of life shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone, but there are plenty of XP users who evidently don't care. There's no chance now that the remaining users will migrate off the operating system in the few remaining months of support. An abundance of insecure, exploitable, and most likely exploited Windows XP machines is now an inevitability.
There's a book about martial arts called On the Warrior's Path that tries to understand the differing psychologies of martial artists through the lens of half a dozen archetypes – Seeker, Ronin, Tribal Warrior, and others.
I have not yet read the book, but my friend and regular A&D commenter Susan Sons reports having found it very effective for motivating young and newbie martial artists. “It gave them their first glimpse of what they were trying to become,” she reports, “They both knuckled down not just in the obvious physical parts of training, but in the mental aspects, far more than they had before and far more than their age/experience peers.”
So, Susan had the idea that it might be a good idea to develop a parallel gallery of hacker archetypes to help motivate newbies. We brainstormed this on IRC for a while. One thing that had been blocking Susan is that, by her own report, she sucks at naming things. I, on the other hand, am pretty good at that; I was able to come up with names that helped the archetypes develop more definition.
We don't think this is a complete set, and some of the names might change. But it's enough of a start for some public brainstorming.
Also note: no hacker is only one of these, but in talking about a number of mutual friends we found it was always pretty easy to agree on both the friend's dominant archetype and the secondary one that they display most after it. I think this is an indication that we are, even if imperfectly, zeroing in on real traits.
Here they are. Descriptions mostly Susan, names mostly me.
Algorithmicists: Very good at algorithms and sustained, intricate coding. Have mathematical intuition, and are one of the two types (with Architect) that have the highest tolerance for complexity. They like the idea of correctness proofs and think naturally in terms of invariants. They gravitate to compiler-writing and crypto. Often solitary with poor social skills; have a tendency to fail by excessive cleverness. Never let them manage anyone!
Tinkerers: Hackers who are drawn to crossovers with the physical world – will design hardware as cheerfully as software. One of the two types (with Prankster) most likely to be lockpickers and locksmiths. Know practical electronics (including analog and RF), adept at reverse-engineering. When you can get them to pull their heads out of the details (which they may resist pretty hard) they make terrific whole-systems engineers.
Architects: The guys who are fascinated by, and very good at, blocking out architecture in complex systems. Kings of the productive refactor. Have an acute feel for design patterns and can see around corners in design space. Strong drive to simplify and partition; “It's not done until it's elegant.” The Architect failure mode is to lose sight of the ground. Architects don't necessarily have communications skills; if they do, they can make worthy team leads.
Sharpshooters: Tenacious detail-obsessives who are most comfortable with a bottom-up view of code and like rifle-shooting bugs more than almost anything else. In past times they would have been happy writing assembler. Polar opposite of the Architect, very productive when paired with one (and vice-versa). Not a good bet for managing anything.
JOATs: The great strengths of the jack-of-all-trades are adaptability, fast uptake of new ideas, and mental flexibility. The JOAT doesn't do any one thing better than the other types, but can do a bit of everything – including people and social engineering. The JOAT failure mode is to try to do everything themselves. A JOAT is more likely than other types to make an excellent team lead, as long as he or she remains aware enough to delegate deep technical decisions to others.
Pranksters: Their natural bent is adversarial – they're great at thinking up ways to disrupt and subvert systems (or just put them to unexpected and hilarious uses). They gravitate to infosec and test engineering. The really good ones can social-engineer people more ruthlessly and effectively than any of the other types.
Castellans: Supreme control freaks who get their power from focusing on what they're responsible for and knowing it inside out. Castellans memorize manuals; they love language-lawyering, process automation, and vacuuming up domain-specific knowledge about whatever they're working on. Old-school sysadmins are often castellans: “That will never happen on my system” is their promise (and of course Pranksters love to prove them wrong).
Translators: The type that bridges between human and machine: tends to excel at UI/UX development, documentation, policy and supply-chain stuff, requirements analysis, user training, and so on. Highly social, less hard-core technical than others, but in a way that helps them help other hackers understand how non-hackers see and interact with technology. Some of them make good project managers, but like JOATs they need to understand their technical limitations and mostly leave the hard decisions to types that naturally swim in deeper technical waters. Of all the types, Translators are the least likely to self-identify as hackers even if they are intimate with the culture and working within it.
What archetypes, if any, are we missing? Are there places where the boundaries need adjusting?
(Oh, and me? Mostly Architect with a side of Algorithmicist and a touch of JOAT.)
Final note: This post is being edited as we collect more feedback. “Translators” weren't in the first version at all.
This post was made with an older stylesheet
GnuCash
GnuCash is personal and small-business financial-accounting software, freely licensed under the GNU GPL and available for GNU/Linux, BSD, Solaris, Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows. Designed to be easy to use, yet powerful and flexible, GnuCash allows you to track bank accounts, stocks, income and expenses. As quick and intuitive to use as a checkbook register, it is based on professional accounting principles to ensure balanced books and accurate reports.
Highlights
Double-Entry Accounting
Stock/Bond/Mutual Fund Accounts
Small-Business Accounting
Reports, Graphs
QIF/OFX/HBCI Import, Transaction Matching
Scheduled Transactions
Financial Calculations
GnuCash is a complete financial-accounting application that you have to give a try anyway!
GnuCash for Android
It is still on Beta, and I tried with Android Emulator. I couldn't find a way to export the data from the interface. But this is a beta after all.
Highlights
After some discussion in the Gnucash community, it was decided that the Open Financial eXchange (OFX) would be a better choice than the QIF format. So the application as it is now using OFX for exporting transactions and can avoid duplicate exporting of transactions. Check.
A widget was envisioned for fulfilling the requirement for quick expense entry, which would allow you to save transactions from the homescreen. However, Android does not support input views on the homescreen, so the implemented widget opens an Activity which allows you to quickly save a transaction in the desired Account. Check.
OpenIntents does not define any standard financial transaction intents. However, Gnucash for Android allows 3rd-party applications to create accounts and transactions through custom Intents. Check.
ActionBar, ContextActionBar and ActionModes, list selection are all implemented using the guidelines from the Android design guide. Even the internals use Android recommended best practices like asynchronous cursor loaders for lists and fragments all over the place. Check.
User Interface
I tested it only with Android 4.1 platform.
You can make new accounts and move transactions between them, but I didn't find a way to remove them thought. It's simple, beautiful and handy. When it gets full featured and gain an sync ability with GnuCash will be and really useful :)
Get GnuCash for Android Beta1
or Get it from GitHub or Explore it in GitHub
Support it
Download it, use it, give feedback to Ngewi Fet, fork it, support it :)
Do not forget to check Fet's original blog for much more info, and comment on him if you like his work!
*Update (19/10): Ngewi corrected some things I missed on this: “You can export by clicking on the menu button (Android 2.x) or on the ellipsis (Android 4.x) when viewing the Accounts list. Also transactions have a checkbox near them which allow you to select transactions, move them or delete them.
As for Accounts, if you long-click on an account, it becomes selected and you can edit or delete it.”
Yoenis Cespedes really loves golf. Loves it. Plays on game days if he can. Has probably played 10 rounds in the last couple of weeks, according to one Mets official.
Yoenis Cespedes has a bum quad. He first injured it July 8, missed the all-star game, and has only appeared in 14 games as the Mets have hoped that a combination of days off and wishful thinking would return their star slugger to perfect health.
These two things collided on Wednesday, when former MLBer Kevin Millar posted a photo of his round with Cespedes, just hours before Cespedes again tweaked his quadriceps on a ninth-inning strikeout and was finally, mercifully placed on the disabled list.
New York's columnists have been waiting for this, ever since Cespedes played golf the day the Mets won the NLCS last year. Even with their win last night, the Mets are now a season-worst eight games behind the Nationals in the NL East, and a game behind both the Marlins and Cardinals for the second wild card spot. Certainly not a comfortable place for last year's pennant winners, and who better to take it out upon than Cespedes, who is earning $27.5 million this season and can opt out this winter. (He's also the best-hitting Met by a country mile.)
Advertisement
The Daily News' John Harper wonders aloud if Cespedes's “me-first tendencies” and “diva-like behavior”—such as golfing—indicate that he “doesn't care about winning as much as he should.” And here's the Post's Mike Vaccaro, nearly talking himself out of the subject of his entire column.
Being rational: The man had a quad injury, not a core injury, not a rib-cage injury, not a shoulder injury (this time). Golf carts ease the burden on legs. And Cespedes hit a couple of rockets early in the game Tuesday night, so there was little evidence to blame the links for what ailed him later. And all of that said … Man, this is a bad look. Man, this is a bad optic.
Manager Terry Collins laughed all this off, but GM Sandy Alderson did not. He told the assembled press yesterday that he has informed Cespedes to quit it with the golfing for the duration of his DL stint. Not for any actual purpose, but for—you guessed it—“optics.”
Advertisement
Alderson admitted that the Mets should just have put Cespedes on the DL a month ago (the Mets remain startlingly bad at handling injuries). But going forward, no more golf, if only to keep the city's dumbass columnists off his back.
“The golf is bad optics,” Alderson said. “Let's just start there. Our doctors have told us that probably had no impact on the injury — positive or negative. But let's face it: You play golf during the day and then go out injured in the evening, it's a bad visual. I think he recognizes that at this point. So we'll go from there.”
It's been so long since the Mets were good, I'd nearly forgotten how fun it is to watch things turn bad.
Turkey's prime minister has accused Twitter of tax evasion, days after his government was forced to lift a ban it imposed on the micro-blogging site that was used to spread a number of damaging leaks implicating his inner circle in corruption scandals.
"Twitter, YouTube and Facebook are international companies established for profit," Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said in televised remarks on Saturday. "Twitter is at the same time a tax evader. We will go after it."
Erdoğan's government on March 20 banned access to the social media site, sparking outrage among Turkey's NATO allies and international human rights groups who viewed it as a setback for democracy in the EU-hopeful country.
Ankara had to lift the ban on April 3 after its highest court ruled against it.
Erdoğan again criticised the court verdict on Saturday. "We abided by the (court) ruling on (Twitter), but I say it again, I don't respect it," he said.
The ban had been widely circumvented by many of Turkey's almost 12 million Twitter users, who have instead sent tweets via text message or by adjusting their Internet settings.
Last week, the government said it would keep its block on YouTube in place despite two separate courts ordering it be lifted.
Erdoğan, Turkey's prime minister for 11 years, ordered the Internet curbs in the lead-up to March 30 municipal election that his party won.
President Donald Trump's new National Security Strategy codifies what has already been a noteworthy shift from his predecessor's worldview. It is the difference between “leading from behind” and actually leading.
Early on, the president established a national objective of creating “a more peaceful world, with less conflict and more common ground.” The core strategic concept in pursuit of this objective is “peace through strength.”
In doing so, the White House is returning to a time-honored strategic model. Peace through strength was the guiding concept of President Ronald Reagan's national security strategy in the 1980s. Reagan understood that American weakness invites aggression. At the time, America's power and prestige were severely diminished in the wake of the Vietnam War, while the Soviet Union was at the peak of its power. Pundits talked about the “hollow forces”—military capabilities that were undermanned, underfunded and undermotivated. Some saw the United States as a faded power that was past its prime, with the country on the downhill slope, never coming back.
Recommended:
Why North Korea's Air Force is Total Junk
Why Doesn't America Kill Kim Jong-un?
The F-22 Is Getting a New Job: Sniper
But we did come back. President Reagan energized the economy, rebuilt the military and restored national pride. He engaged our Cold War adversary using all the tools of national power available to him short of open war. And today, the Soviet Union is just a memory. Peace through strength prevailed.
In the last decade, the United States again stepped back from its critical leadership role, and there was a predictable increase in global disorder. The Islamic State and other translational radical Islamist groups expanded in the Middle East and North Africa. A civil war in Syria spawned a refugee crisis and foreign intervention. Iran expanded its illegal missile program and support for terrorism. China pressed its claims to the South China Sea. North Korea continued its provocative nuclear and missile programs. Russia made opportunistic moves on its periphery. And our own country's poorly controlled borders encouraged illegal immigration, arms and human trafficking, and narcotics smuggling.
The Trump administration has sought to reverse these trends, and the past year has seen a great deal of progress. The new strategy recognizes that the national economy is the center of gravity: the source of our power and influence. No country can long maintain military preeminence without a strong economic base to back it up. Every period of American global strength came about because of a robust economy; every period of economic decline has given birth to international crises. Thus, a critical strategic pillar is to promote prosperity; to restore the U.S. economy as the number one international engine of jobs, innovation and opportunity, and embrace America's emerging energy dominance while discarding sideshow issues like climate change.
Robust economic growth gives the United States the means to rebuild military forces worn down by decades of conflict, budget cuts and misplaced priorities. It also allows strengthening other elements of national power, whether they be diplomatic, industrial, financial, intelligence, space, cyber or law enforcement. This gives the president a full array of options to respond flexibly to global instability, and be able to take the steps appropriate to the specific challenge. The very fact that we have these capabilities will make potential troublemakers think twice, and prevent crises before they occur.
The strategy also joins these capabilities with commitment. Much of the world expects the United States to provide a steady hand in global affairs. In recent years, some allies have doubted whether America would continue to back them up, while adversary states have shown open contempt. That trend has been reversed. The Trump strategy recognizes that one of America's greatest strengths is our ability to work with trusted partners in pursuit of common goals. An “ America First ” strategy does not mean abandoning multilateral efforts in pursuit of common values and interests. Rather, it means leading by example and encouraging other states to join in a coalition of free countries that represent “a positive alternative to political and religious despotism.”
At the same time, the strategy puts adversary states, terror groups and criminal syndicates on notice that any attack on the United States or its allies will be defeated, and any use of nuclear or other banned weapons will be met with an effective and overwhelming response.
Overall, the new national security strategy is a realistic, commonsense framework in which the United States will act as a global leader, not a bystander. The strategy renews the concept that a strong United States is the best guarantor of global peace and prosperity. And if affirms the understanding that peace is not a final destination, but a continuing journey.
James S. Robbins is Senior Fellow in National Security Affairs at the American Foreign Policy Council in Washington, DC.
Image: Reuters
Hydrogen peroxide is a first aid staple in many households, routinely used to disinfect small wounds. Bottles of it are readily available at drug stores, with the compound formulated for home use vended in dilute form of 3% to 10%.
Hydrogen peroxide also finds application as an antiseptic gargle, a clothes and hair bleach, and an aid to ear wax removal. A paste of hydrogen peroxide and baking soda is used as a tooth scrub, and hydrogen peroxide is the major component of any number of tooth-whitening products.
Higher concentrations (30% or greater) of hydrogen peroxide are used in industry as a bleach for textiles and paper, as a component of rocket fuels, and for producing foam rubber and organic chemicals. Hydrogen peroxide in these strengths is dangerous for the untrained to handle or come into contact with. Spills of industrial-strength peroxide in transit have resulted in freeway and rail line closures, because at such concentrations hydrogen peroxide presents an imminent danger of fire and explosion, and inhalation of its fumes can send people to the hospital.
While some of the peroxide-related tips enumerated in the following example above have previously appeared on other Internet-circulated lists, this particular compilation seems to have begun its on-line life in January 2006:
I would like to tell you of the benefits of that plain little O'l bottle of 3% peroxide you can get for under $1.00 at any drug store. My husband has been in the medical field for over 36 years, and most doctors don't tell you about peroxide, or they would lose thousands of dollars. 1. Take one capful (the little white cap that comes with the bottle) and hold in your mouth for 10 minutes daily, then spit it out. (I do it when I bathe or shower.) No more canker sores and your teeth will be whiter without expensive pastes. Use it instead of mouthwash. 2. Let your toothbrushes soak in a cup peroxide to keep them free of germs. 3. Clean your counters, table tops with peroxide to kill germs and leave a fresh smell. Simply put a little on your dishrag when you wipe, or spray it on the counters. 4. After rinsing off your wooden cutting board, pour peroxide on it to kill salmonella and other bacteria. 5. I had fungus on my feet for years – until I sprayed a 50/50 mixture of peroxide and water on them (especially the toes) every night and let dry. 6. Soak any infections or cuts in 3% peroxide for five to ten minutes several times a day. My husband has seen gangrene that would not heal with any medicine, but was healed by soaking in peroxide. 7. Put two capfuls into a douche to prevent yeast infections. I had chronic yeast infections until I tried this once or twice a week. 8. Fill a spray bottle with a 50/50 mixture of peroxide and water and keep it in every bathroom to disinfect without harming your septic system like bleach or most other disinfectants will. 9. Tilt your head back and spray into nostrils with your 50/50 mixture whenever you have a cold, plugged sinus. It will bubble and help to kill the bacteria. Hold for a few minutes then blow your nose into tissue. 10. If you have a terrible toothache and can not get to a dentist right away, put a capful of 3% peroxide into your mouth and hold it for ten minutes several times a day. The pain will lessen greatly. 11. And of course, if you like a natural look to your hair, spray the 50/50 solution on your wet hair after a shower and comb it through. You will not have the peroxide burnt blonde hair like the hair dye packages, but more natural highlights if your hair is a light brown, faddish, or dirty blonde. It also lightens gradually so it's not a drastic change. 12. Put half a bottle of peroxide in your bath to help rid boils, fungus, or other skin infections. 13. You can also add a cup of peroxide instead of bleach to a load of whites in your laundry to whiten them. If there is blood on clothing, pour directly on the soiled spot. Let it sit for a minute, then rub it and rinse with cold water. Repeat if necessary. I could go on and on. It is a little brown bottle no home should be without! With prices of most necessities rising, I'm glad there's a way to save tons of money in such a simple, healthy manner.
As to how good its advice is, the best that can be said is that some of the items are accurate, while others are unproved and possibly unprovable. In the main, however, one would likely not suffer much ill effect by following the list's recommendations.
The two possible exceptions to the “no ill effects” pronouncement are the tips that involve putting hydrogen peroxide into direct contact with mucous membranes: spraying it into the nose to clear plugged sinuses or combat colds, and adding it to a douche to prevent yeast infections. While we don't know if such suggestions work as touted, given the Centers for Disease Control's statement that “When used for household disinfectant purposes (3% to 5%), [hydrogen peroxide] is mildly irritating to the skin and mucous membranes,” we'd have to advise that trying out either tip might not be such a good idea.
Of the list's suggestions that can be vetted, no less an authority on germs than Dr. Philip Tierno advocates pouring hydrogen peroxide or mouthwash over toothbrushes after every use. Hydrogen peroxide has also long been touted as an effective remover of bloodstains, but people do need to be reminded that it is also a bleach and so might lift out the color of the item being cleaned along with the stain. Disinfecting countertops and cutting boards with hydrogen peroxide can also be handy as the liquid does combat a number of household nasties, but the 3% dilution hydrogen peroxide is commonly sold at won't be the “sudden death to all germs” answer that this list of tips presents it as.
As for killing foot fungus, putting the run on boils, curing canker sores, or cleaning out infections, it is not known if hydrogen peroxide is effective for these purposes. Soaking an infected wound in hydrogen peroxide several times throughout the day for five or ten minutes at a crack is probably not a good idea, though, because the solution can damage tissue if left in contact with skin for any length of time.
Two additional health-related uses for hydrogen peroxide should also be examined, even though neither of them was mentioned in this list of tips: injecting and swallowing hydrogen peroxide. While such treatments do have their advocates (who in turn claim such dosings will cure everything from AIDS to cancer), both uses amount to quackery. The proponents of “oxygen therapy” assert they are boosting the body's ability to destroy disease-causing cells, but there is no medical proof to support such use. Moreover, according to the American Cancer Society (ACS), both such uses are dangerous.
Hydrogen peroxide can be harmful if swallowed. Drinking the concentrated solutions sold in some health food stores (35%, or “food grade” hydrogen peroxide) can cause vomiting, severe burns of the throat and stomach, and even death. Direct skin contact or breathing the vapors of hydrogen peroxide can also be harmful. Hydrogen peroxide injections can have dangerous side effects. High blood levels of hydrogen peroxide can create oxygen bubbles that block blood flow and cause gangrene and death. Destruction of blood cells has also been reported after intravenous injection of hydrogen peroxide.
The ACS also notes “The medical literature contains several accounts of patient deaths attributed directly to oxygen therapy.”
One such case was the 14 March 2004 death of Katherine Bibeau of South Carolina. The coroner who handled the case attributed her death to the intravenous infusion of hydrogen peroxide Ms. Bibeau had been receiving as a treatment for her multiple sclerosis. Hydrogen peroxide destroys blood platelets, the cells that coagulate to stop bleeding, and puts oxygen into the bloodstream that can form bubbles which stop the flow of blood to organs, said Clay Nichols, the pathologist on the case.
As to what to make of the numerous claims asserted of the hydrogen peroxide, in the main, most external uses of household-strength hydrogen peroxide are relatively harmless (if not necessarily helpful), but internal use should be shunned. Gargle with it, wipe wounds with it, foam the wax out of your ears with it, bleach your hair and your clothes with it, but don't drink it or let someone shoot it into your veins.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Trump in Warsaw on Russian Election Meddling He needs some new material. Posted by Mother Jones Video on Thursday, July 6, 2017
With one more day to go before his first face-to-face meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, President Donald Trump on Thursday once again cast doubt on US intelligence agencies' assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 US presidential election.
“Well, I think it was Russia, and I think it could have been other people in other countries,” Trump said at a press conference in Warsaw with Polish President Andrzej Duda. “It could have been a lot of people interfered.” (Trump has previously suggested China or “some 400 pound guy” could also be responsible for hacking into email accounts of Democratic officials.)
Trump then seemed to backtrack, suggesting that the intelligence was uncertain: “I think it could very well have been Russia, but I think it could well have been other countries, and I won't be specific, but I think a lot of people interfere.” Trump added that President Barack Obama “found out about this—in terms of, if it were Russia—found out about it in August.” Trump proceeded to blame Obama for not responding effectively to the interference.
After a reporter pointed out that US intelligence agencies have been “far more definitive” than Trump in declaring that Russia interfered in the election, Trump sought to cast doubt on that intelligence. He emphasized that the intelligence assessment was produced by just “three or four” of the country's 17 intelligence agencies.
“I agree,” Trump added. “I think it was Russia, but I think it was probably other people and/or countries, and I see nothing wrong with that statement. Nobody really knows. Nobody really knows for sure.”
Trump then invoked past US intelligence failures, saying that “everybody was 100 percent sure that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Guess what: That led to one big mess. They were wrong.”
“So it was Russia, and I think it was probably others also, and that's been going on for a long period of time,” added Trump.
Despite the evidence pointing to Russian hacking, as well as bipartisan acknowledgement that the Kremlin actively worked to undermine Hillary Clinton, White House officials have indicated Trump is unlikely to broach the subject during his meeting with Putin Friday.
Cassidy Stay, the fifteen-year-old lone-survivor of the July 9th murder of her parents and four siblings, garnered national attention with her poised and hopeful remarks at a memorial service for her family. During the service she quoted Dumbledore, a character from the Harry Potter series, “Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times.”
Because of the comfort Stay took from the books, a group of internet supporters began a Facebook group “We want JK Rowling to Meet Cassidy Stay,” which as of publication had received more than 4000 likes. Rowling responded to the group's request with a personal letter to Stay.
According to sources close to the Stay family, Cassidy received a package from Rowling with a signed copy of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, the book Stay quoted from in her remarks. In addition, Rowling sent Stay a letter with her condolences. In the letter, Rowling wrote several paragraphs from the point of view of Albus Dumbledore, telling Cassidy what the headmaster would have told her if he could have.
If you wish to support Cassidy, a fund is being raised to help pay for her hospital and living expenses.
Jason Terry was traded to the Kings last season in the deal that sent Marcus Thornton to the Nets, but after reporting, he spent the remainder of the season rehabbing from a knee injury in Dallas.
It doesn't exactly sound like he wants to be in Sacramento this coming season, either.
Speaking in a radio interview on Tuesday, not only did Terry say how much he'd like to return to Dallas where he won a championship in 2011, but he had some less-than-glowing remarks for two current members of the Kings who are technically his teammates.
From Bryan Gutierrez of ESPN Dallas:
The situation in Sacramento is one centered around rebuilding and youth, not exactly one catering to a 36-year-old shooting guard. Being rather direct, Terry said that the situation with the Kings wasn't an ideal one for him. “I wouldn't say it's rebuilding, but a building process,” Terry said. “DeMarcus Cousins, a huge talent. Attitude, a little shaky. Rudy Gay, not a proven winner in this league but a tremendous talent and a guy you can build around. “They're in transition right now. For me, at this point in my career, I want championships.”
Terry has one year and $5.4 million left on his contract with Sacramento, but the team has no interest in a buyout of the full amount, reports Jason Jones of the Sacramento Bee.
Terry wasn't exactly slamming his fellow Kings here; after all, what he said is essentially common knowledge. But it's unlikely to be viewed that way internally, and whether he's waived using the stretch provision or bought out for less than the total value of his deal, it would seem likely that Terry won't be a member of the Kings by the time next season begins.
According to a source for Page Six, Gal Gadot has put her foot down and informed Warner Bros. that she won't make Wonder Woman 2 unless the studio cuts alleged sexual harasser Brett Ratner and his RatPac-Dune Entertainment production company out of the project. Ratner and his company helped finance the first Wonder Woman (and the upcoming Justice League movie), and he's already made good money off of the series. Apparently, Gadot wants that to stop, with the source saying that she knows Warner Bros. will have to side with her on this because it “can't have a movie rooted in women's empowerment being part-financed by a man accused of sexual misconduct against women.”
This comes as multiple accusations against Ratner have come out recently, with six women—including Olivia Munn and Natasha Henstridge—claiming they were sexually harassed by him. Ellen Page also later shared stories of Ratner's alleged harassment on the set of X-Men: The Last Stand. Warner Bros. began investigating the claims due to its longstanding relationship with Ratner and his production company, but he quickly announced that he was stepping down from “all Warner Bros.-related activities” so as not to have any “negative impact” on the studio's projects. Apparently, though, existing deals with his production company haven't been dropped.
Ratner, for the record, has denied all of the allegations—to the extend that he's suing a woman for claiming he raped her—and a representative from Warner Bros. wouldn't conform that Gadot has actually made this ultimatum.
[via Jezebel]
Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press Image 1 of / 40 Captions Close
Image 2 of 40 31. Cleveland (Last year: 4-12): It doesn't matter who plays quarterback for the Browns. They don't have the kind of offensive weapons to consistently produce touchdowns. less 31. Cleveland (Last year: 4-12): It doesn't matter who plays quarterback for the Browns. They don't have the kind of offensive weapons to consistently produce ... more Photo: Tony Dejak / Associated Press
Image 3 of 40 30. Jacksonville (Last year: 4-12): Veteran Chad Henne opens the season at quarterback, but he can read the handwriting on the wall that says, “Blake Bortles.” less 30. Jacksonville (Last year: 4-12): Veteran Chad Henne opens the season at quarterback, but he can read the handwriting on the wall that says, “Blake ... more Photo: Michael Conroy / Associated Press
Image 4 of 40 29. Tampa Bay (Last year: 4-12): Josh McCown and Lovie Smith have been reunited with the Bucs, who spent millions on a quarterback who started only five games in 2013. less 29. Tampa Bay (Last year: 4-12): Josh McCown and Lovie Smith have been reunited with the Bucs, who spent millions on a quarterback who started only five games in ... more Photo: Phelan M. Ebenhack / Associated Press
Image 5 of 40
Image 6 of 40 28. Atlanta (Last year: 4-12): If the Falcons experience a season similar to 2013, owner Arthur Blank may run out of patience, and coach Mike Smith could be out of a job. less 28. Atlanta (Last year: 4-12): If the Falcons experience a season similar to 2013, owner Arthur Blank may run out of patience, and coach Mike Smith could be out of a ... more Photo: Kevin C. Cox / Getty Images
Image 7 of 40 <center><b>27. Buffalo (Last year: 6-10): </b> <h3></h3> QB EJ Manuel was mediocre during the preseason. He better improve fast because Kyle Orton will be warming up. <center><b>27. Buffalo (Last year: 6-10): </b> <h3></h3> QB EJ Manuel was mediocre during the preseason. He better improve fast because Kyle Orton will be warming up. Photo: Bill Wippert / Associated Press
Image 8 of 40 26. Washington (Last year: 4-12): Coach Jay Gruden has to make sure his system fits the strengths of Robert Griffin III or the Redskins could have a big-time quarterback controversy. less 26. Washington (Last year: 4-12): Coach Jay Gruden has to make sure his system fits the strengths of Robert Griffin III or the Redskins could have a big-time quarterback ... more Photo: Gail Burton / Associated Press
Image 9 of 40 25. St. Louis (Last year: 7-9): Losing Sam Bradford devastated the passing game for a team that plays in the NFL's toughest division with Shaun Hill now at quarterback. less 25. St. Louis (Last year: 7-9): Losing Sam Bradford devastated the passing game for a team that plays in the NFL's toughest division with Shaun Hill now at ... more Photo: Nam Y. Huh / Associated Press
Image 10 of 40
Image 11 of 40 24. Minnesota (Last year: 5-10-1): Long-time defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer has his first head coaching job, and he's smart enough to know he better saddle up Adrian Peterson. less 24. Minnesota (Last year: 5-10-1): Long-time defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer has his first head coaching job, and he's smart enough to know he better saddle up Adrian ... more Photo: Ann Heisenfelt / Associated Press
Image 12 of 40 23. Houston (Last year: 2-14): The NFL's worst team in 2013 can break a 14-game losing streak if the Texans defeat the Redskins in coach Bill O'Brien's debut. less 23. Houston (Last year: 2-14): The NFL's worst team in 2013 can break a 14-game losing streak if the Texans defeat the Redskins in coach Bill O'Brien's ... more Photo: Brett Coomer / Houston Chronicle
Image 13 of 40 22. Tennessee (Last year: 7-9): If QB Jake Locker stays healthy in the last year of his contract, the Titans have a chance to compete for a wild card in coach Ken Whisenhunt's first season. less 22. Tennessee (Last year: 7-9): If QB Jake Locker stays healthy in the last year of his contract, the Titans have a chance to compete for a wild card in coach Ken Whisenhunt's ... more Photo: Scott Cunningham / Getty Images
Image 14 of 40 21. NY Jets (Last year: 8-8): If QB Geno Smith doesn't make the kind of improvement the coaches expect, don't be surprised if Rex Ryan pulls the plug and plays Michael Vick. less 21. NY Jets (Last year: 8-8): If QB Geno Smith doesn't make the kind of improvement the coaches expect, don't be surprised if Rex Ryan pulls the plug and plays Michael ... more Photo: Frank Franklin II / Associated Press
Image 15 of 40
Image 16 of 40 20. Miami (Last year: 8-8): There are media reports that coach Joe Philbin is on the hot seat, and if the Dolphins have a losing season, he'll be fired. less 20. Miami (Last year: 8-8): There are media reports that coach Joe Philbin is on the hot seat, and if the Dolphins have a losing season, he'll be ... more Photo: Lynne Sladky / Associated Press
Image 17 of 40 19. Dallas (Last year: 8-8): The Cowboys could have the worst defense in team history, which puts even more pressure on Tony Romo to rebound from back surgery. less 19. Dallas (Last year: 8-8): The Cowboys could have the worst defense in team history, which puts even more pressure on Tony Romo to rebound from back ... more Photo: Mike Ehrmann / Getty Images
Image 18 of 40 18. NY Giants (Last year: 7-9): There's already speculation that coach Tom Coughlin and general manager Jerry Reese will be fired if the Giants have another losing season. less 18. NY Giants (Last year: 7-9): There's already speculation that coach Tom Coughlin and general manager Jerry Reese will be fired if the Giants have another losing ... more Photo: Jeff Zelevansky / Getty Images
Image 19 of 40 17. Detroit (Last year: 7-9): New coach Jim Caldwell will rely heavily on Matthew Stafford, who's the only quarterback in franchise history to throw for at least 4,500 yards. less 17. Detroit (Last year: 7-9): New coach Jim Caldwell will rely heavily on Matthew Stafford, who's the only quarterback in franchise history to throw for at least 4,500 ... more Photo: Bill Wippert / Associated Press
Image 20 of 40
Image 21 of 40 16. Chicago (Last year: 8-8): With receivers Brandon Marshall and Alshon Jeffrey, Jay Cutler might throw for 5,000 yards if he can remain healthy for an entire season. less 16. Chicago (Last year: 8-8): With receivers Brandon Marshall and Alshon Jeffrey, Jay Cutler might throw for 5,000 yards if he can remain healthy for an entire ... more Photo: Stephen Brashear / Associated Press
Image 22 of 40 15. San Diego (Last year: 9-7): The durable Philip Rivers enters the regular season with 128 consecutive starts, the NFL's second-longest active streak to Eli Manning's 151. less 15. San Diego (Last year: 9-7): The durable Philip Rivers enters the regular season with 128 consecutive starts, the NFL's second-longest active streak to Eli Manning's ... more Photo: Mathew Sumner / Associated Press
Image 23 of 40 14. Carolina (Last year: 12-4): Last season, the Panthers went from worst to first in the NFC South. Considering personnel departures, could they go from first to worst? less 14. Carolina (Last year: 12-4): Last season, the Panthers went from worst to first in the NFC South. Considering personnel departures, could they go from first to ... more Photo: Stephan Savoia / Associated Press
Image 24 of 40 <center><b>13. Arizona (Last year: 10-6): </b> <h3></h3> Carson Palmer is the only quarterback in NFL history to pass for at least 4,000 yards with three different teams. <center><b>13. Arizona (Last year: 10-6): </b> <h3></h3> Carson Palmer is the only quarterback in NFL history to pass for at least 4,000 yards with three different teams. Photo: Ross D. Franklin / Associated Press
Image 25 of 40
Image 26 of 40 12. Kansas City (Last year: 11-5): Over the last three seasons, Alex Smith is 30-9-1 (.763) as a starter. He's thrown 53 touchdown passes and 17 interceptions. less 12. Kansas City (Last year: 11-5): Over the last three seasons, Alex Smith is 30-9-1 (.763) as a starter. He's thrown 53 touchdown passes and 17 ... more Photo: Charlie Riedel / Associated Press
Image 27 of 40 11. Pittsburgh (Last year: 8-8): Ben Roethlisberger has a 95-47 (.669) regular-season record, but he's been forced to watch the playoffs on television the last two years. less 11. Pittsburgh (Last year: 8-8): Ben Roethlisberger has a 95-47 (.669) regular-season record, but he's been forced to watch the playoffs on television the last two ... more Photo: Matt Rourke / Associated Press
Image 28 of 40 10. Indianapolis (Last year: 11-5): It's no surprise the Colts have won consecutive AFC South titles after drafting Andrew Luck. If he's healthy, they're the division favorite. less 10. Indianapolis (Last year: 11-5): It's no surprise the Colts have won consecutive AFC South titles after drafting Andrew Luck. If he's healthy, they're the division ... more Photo: AJ Mast / Associated Press
Image 29 of 40 9. Cincinnati (Last year: 11-5): QB Andy Dalton has a new contract, but he's still got the demons of three consecutive playoff defeats that must be exorcized this season. less 9. Cincinnati (Last year: 11-5): QB Andy Dalton has a new contract, but he's still got the demons of three consecutive playoff defeats that must be exorcized this ... more Photo: Norm Hall / Getty Images
Image 30 of 40
Image 31 of 40 8. Baltimore (Last year: 8-8): With new offensive coordinator Gary Kubiak, Joe Flacco should cut down on his interceptions and the Ravens should return to the playoffs. less 8. Baltimore (Last year: 8-8): With new offensive coordinator Gary Kubiak, Joe Flacco should cut down on his interceptions and the Ravens should return to the ... more Photo: Gail Burton / Associated Press
Image 32 of 40 7. San Francisco (Last year: 12-4): If you're a 49ers fan, don't let the turmoil of camp and preseason delude you into thinking they're anything but a title contender. less 7. San Francisco (Last year: 12-4): If you're a 49ers fan, don't let the turmoil of camp and preseason delude you into thinking they're anything but a title ... more Photo: Nhat V. Meyer / McClatchy-Tribune News Service
Image 33 of 40 6. Green Bay (Last year: 8-7-1): With a healthy Aaron Rodgers this season, the Packers should be good enough to win the division and contend for home-field advantage. less 6. Green Bay (Last year: 8-7-1): With a healthy Aaron Rodgers this season, the Packers should be good enough to win the division and contend for home-field ... more Photo: Morry Gash / Associated Press
Image 34 of 40 5. Philadelphia (Last year: 10-6): If Nick Foles can come close to duplicating last season, Chip Kelly could lead the Eagles to a better record and another division title. less 5. Philadelphia (Last year: 10-6): If Nick Foles can come close to duplicating last season, Chip Kelly could lead the Eagles to a better record and another division ... more Photo: Al Bello / Getty Images
Image 35 of 40
Image 36 of 40 4. New Orleans (Last year: 11-5): Don't be surprised if Drew Brees leads the Saints to the best record in the NFC and home-field advantage in the playoffs. less 4. New Orleans (Last year: 11-5): Don't be surprised if Drew Brees leads the Saints to the best record in the NFC and home-field advantage in the ... more Photo: Chris Graythen / Getty Images
Image 37 of 40 3. New England (Last year: 12-4): What Bill Belichick and Tom Brady accomplished last season was amazing considering all the injuries the Patriots suffered. less 3. New England (Last year: 12-4): What Bill Belichick and Tom Brady accomplished last season was amazing considering all the injuries the Patriots ... more Photo: Jim Rogash / Getty Images
Image 38 of 40 <center><b>2. Denver (Last year: 13-3): </b> <h3></h3> The Broncos are trying to become the first Super Bowl loser to rebound to a championship since the 1972 Dolphins. <center><b>2. Denver (Last year: 13-3): </b> <h3></h3> The Broncos are trying to become the first Super Bowl loser to rebound to a championship since the 1972 Dolphins. Photo: Charlie Riedel / Associated Press
Image 39 of 40 1. Seattle (Last year: 13-3): The defending Super Bowl champions plan to become the first team to win back-to-back titles since the New England Patriots. less 1. Seattle (Last year: 13-3): The defending Super Bowl champions plan to become the first team to win back-to-back titles since the New England ... more Photo: Stephen Brashear / Associated Press
Stovall said in that year, Britain and France joined with Israel in a military action against Egypt over the Suez Canal. It was also the year of the Hungarian Revolution.
"This time around if the Democrats retain the White House, I will come up with two responses. One is that history is a guide but never gospel, and two, the negative performance by the market could be a reflection of the worry of domination that a Democratic sweep would bring," said Stovall.
The market had been concerned about the possibility that Democrats would take the House of Representatives, but on Monday, after new revelations about an FBI probe into emails of a Clinton staffer, those worries were pushed into the background.
Stovall said when the market has been higher in the same period, the incumbent party won 82 percent of the time since World War II. The exceptions have been 1968, when there was a third-party challenger, George Wallace, and in 1980, when the third-party candidate was John Anderson. Gary Johnson is the third-party Libertarian candidate this year.
Even though probabilities have slipped, Clinton remains favored to beat Trump in the prediction market. PredictIt.org had her odds at 71 percent.
Daniel Clifton, head of policy research at Strategas, said it still looks as if Clinton will win, but the latest investigation news may affect the down-ballot Congressional races. He too notes that the historic guide of market performance prior to the election is not pointing to a win by the Democrat. He said when market performance over the three months leading up to election day has been negative, there has never been a victory by the incumbent party going back to 1984. So far, the S&P 500 is down about 2.5 percent since Aug. 8, three months before the election Nov. 8.
"We've now gotten this black swan event on Friday. It may have impact, it may not have any impact," said Clifton, adding the market may be signalling Clinton wins by less than people expect. He said the stock market usually rallies in the last week before the election.
"I would say on face value it's saying prepare to be surprised on Tuesday," said Stovall.
A Deborah Butterfield bronze horse sculpture on the front lawn on Pao Hall at Purdue University. (Photo: Photo provided by Purdue University )
A sculpture outside Purdue University's Yue-Kong Pao Hall was heavily damaged Thursday morning in a single-vehicle wreck.
Adam Salyer, 22, of Westville went the wrong way down West Wood Street and drove his truck over a curb, then into the sculpture, which is about 15 yards from the street, according to a crash report.
Police suspect that Salyer was intoxicated at the time, the report states.
Deborah Butterfield's 1,700-pound bronze sculpture, commissioned for Purdue in 2009, is estimated to be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, said Harry Bulow, head of the Patti and Rusty Rueff School of Visual and Performing Arts.
“It's one of the most exceptional horses she's made,” he said.
Salyer sustained a back injury that required surgery. His passenger, 24-year-old Michael Schlosser of Santa Rosa, California, fled, but was located a short time later. He had cuts and bruises, the report states.
West Lafayette and Purdue police are investigating.
University officials intend to reconstruct the sculpture. They may consider changes to the placement and layout of the horse, which is off to the side of a T-shaped intersection.
Officials are considering sending the piece back to Butterfield. But since the piece was specifically crafted for Purdue, they aren't sure if Butterfield has the original molds needed to recreate the sculpture.
The damage will most likely be paid for by university insurance, which covers disasters up of to $1 million. Officials are discussing how much of the cost will be fronted by the driver's insurance company, Bulow said.
Butterfield is an acclaimed modern sculptor based in Montana and Hawaii. Her skeletal horses are first assembled with found driftwood, then taken apart, molded into bronze then welded back into shape. The process is lengthy and delicate, so the reconstruction process will likely be expensive, according to Bulow.
“It could be up to $100,000. I don't know,” he said.
“It's a tough one,” he added. “If it can be reconstructed, I'm sure we'll get it done, whatever the cost.”
Read or Share this story: http://on.jconline.com/1tu0ZGP
Steve Jobs and John Sculley. AP When Steve Jobs was in his late 20s, he was hunting for a CEO to run the company he founded, Apple.
Apple's board told Jobs he needed adult supervision but that he could sign off on whoever it hired. Jobs and the board went through about 20 candidates, most in the tech sector, but Jobs vetoed them all.
Finally, he met John Sculley, who had risen to CEO of Pepsi in just 10 years. He also had a reputation for being a marketing master, having helped create the "Pepsi Challenge" campaign that sparked the so-called cola wars of the 1970s.
Sculley recalled meeting Jobs for the first time, in 1982, during an interview for Business Insider's podcast, "Success! How I Did It."
Listen to the full episode here, or listen later with the buttons below:
"When I got to Apple, I wasn't even sure I was in the right place because there were no commercial buildings around — it was just houses and a few tilt-up structures," Sculley said.
"It turned out that Steve was upstairs on the second floor of a converted house ... The building where Steve was building the Macintosh — it was still over a year away from being introduced — had a pirate flag flying from the flagpole on top of the building, a one-story building. When I went in, there were motorcycles and a Bosendorfer piano, which is one of the highest-end pianos, because Steve loved beautifully designed products."
When Sculley met Jobs, though, his strategy wasn't to flatter the young founder. It was almost the opposite.
Here's the relevant part of the interview:
Alyson Shontell: So you meet him, and, at this point, he's turned down every other CEO option in tech, and he's gone outside of tech now to find you. How did you win him over? What was that first meeting like? How did you not blow it like all the other guys did?
John Sculley: I decided to talk to him about things that I knew he knew nothing about.
Shontell: So you made him feel dumb?
Sculley: No. I wanted him to realize that he didn't have all the answers. So I took him to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, and I took him through the Greek sculpture and showed him what Praxiteles did with the Praxitelean curve. I showed him how the Parthenon was designed and the mathematics used behind it, and I started teaching him about all these things that he had never been exposed to before.
And I think it was, in hindsight, a good way for us to talk to each other: Let's get to know each other on a subject that I thought I could spark his curiosity and something he didn't know anything about.
Shontell: And it worked.
Sculley: It worked.
Five months later, Jobs offered Sculley the job. He initially turned it down, but then Jobs fed him the line that changed his mind: "Do you want to sell sugar water for the rest of your life? Or do you want to come with me and change the world?"
The next Monday, Sculley started as CEO of Apple.
To listen to Sculley discuss his rapid career rise and role at Apple, check out the full podcast episode, or read the transcript here. Subscribe to "Success! How I Did It" on Acast or iTunes. Check out previous episodes with:
While it was not surprising that as part of the ongoing probe into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 elections, the House Intel Committee issued a total of seven subpoenas on Wednesday as the WSJ reported, what was surprisng is that in addition to four subpoenas focusing purely on the Russia investigation, the Republican-led committee also issued three subpoenas focusing on "unmasking" questions, involving how and why the names of associates of President Donald Trump were unredacted and distributed within classified reports by Obama administration officials during the transition between administrations.
As part of the "unmasking" investigation, in addition to the NSA, the House committee also subpoeaned the FBI and the CIA for information on how and why Trump-linked names were exposed to the entire US intel community, and led to an avalanche of "unnamed sources" stories. Recall that typically information about Americans intercepted in foreign surveillance is redacted, even in classified reports distributed within the government, unless a compelling need exists to reveal them. Unmasking requests aren't uncommon by top intelligence community officials but Republicans want to know whether any of the unmaskings of Trump campaign officials during the transition were politically motivated.
According to the WSJ, Republicans on the committee have been pushing for a thorough investigation of how the names of Trump campaign officials became exposed in classified intelligence reports based off intelligence community intercepts. Specifically, the three "unmaksing" subpoenas seek information on requests made by former national security adviser Susan Rice, former CIA Director John Brennan and former United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power for names to be unmasked in classified material.
The name of Samantha Power hasn't previously been reported as a potential witness in the probe, and her inclusion in the subpoenas means that Republicans are also broadening their areas of investigation, the WSJ reports.
The House Intelligence Committee is one of two bodies currently probing the question of whether Russian meddled in the 2016 election and whether anyone from Trump's campaign played a role.
Concurrently, the Senate Intelligence Committee is conducting its own investigation and has already issued subpoenas to Flynn and his businesses. Trump has said there was no collusion with Russia and called the investigation a witch hunt.
* * *
In addition to the above three, former national security adviser Michael Flynn and one of President Donald Trump's personal lawyers, Michael Cohen, were also subpoenaed Wednesday by the House Intelligence Committee. Subpoenas were also approved by the committee for documents in possession of the Flynn Intel Group LLC, and Michael D. Cohen & Associates PC, Bloomberg reported.
"We approved subpoenas for several individuals for testimony, personal documents and business records," Republican Mike Conaway of Texas, who is leading the probe, and Adam Schiff of Washington, the ranking Democrat on the House panel, said in a joint statement. "We hope and expect that anyone called to testify or provide documents will comply with that request, so that we may gain all the information within the scope of our investigation."
While Flynn has previously said he would invoke the Fifth to avoid testimony, Cohen dismissed any talk of collusion with Russia. “To date, there has not been a single witness, document or piece of evidence linking me to this fake Russian conspiracy," Cohen said in a statement Tuesday. "This is not surprising to me because there is none."
* * *
It would, of course, be quite ironic if as a result of all these various probe, investigations and "witch hunts", Trump is cleared of all "collusion" allegations, while members of the previous administration end up facing civil or criminal charges.
Image copyright AFP Image caption It is feared that the rainbow trout could eat the eggs of wild sea trout
Up to 80,000 farmed rainbow trout have been accidentally released into the sea in Denmark, prompting a call for anglers to try to catch them.
The accident happened when a cargo ship crashed into a fish farm on the Horsens Fjord on the Jutland peninsula.
There are fears that the fish, weighing about 3kg (6lb 10oz) each, could disrupt the reproduction of other trout species.
A local environmentalist urged "anyone with fishing gear to... go fishing".
Soren Knabe, chair of the environmental group Vandpleje Fyn and a member of the Danish Angler's Association, told the Copenhagen Post that it was the worst possible time for rainbow trout to be released into Danish waters.
"Sea trout are currently coming up into Funen streams to spawn, and sea trout eggs are a favourite food for rainbow trout," said Mr Knabe, referring to Funen island, south of the farm.
'Very unfortunate'
The cargo vessel was en route from the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad, to the east, to the Danish port of Kolding when it crashed on Tuesday.
Jon Svendsen, a researcher at Denmark's National Institute of Aquatic Resources, said rainbow trout were feared to pose a threat to sea trout reproduction by digging up sea trout eggs while trying to spawn themselves.
He said the release would have an immediate environmental impact and the timing was "very unfortunate".
Dr Svendsen endorsed the call for anglers to try to round up the fish. However, he said the threat was not long-term - as rainbow trout do not establish permanent wild populations in Denmark.
Of greater threat to the local environment, he said, were sand extraction for construction, invasive species, climate change - and fish farms themselves.
"Fish farms pose a much greater threat to the local marine environment, mainly because of nutrient releases into the local environment, which may be associated with algae blooms and subsequent hypoxia (low oxygen conditions)," Dr Svendsen told the BBC.
Image caption The axe head has been on display at Stroud Museum for the last six months
An axe head found in a garden in Gloucestershire, which was claimed to be of Viking origin, is an 18th Century woodworking tool, experts have said.
It was found in 2008 by Ian Hunter Darling under a hedge at his home in Slimbridge.
Slimbridge Local History Society who said last week it was Viking have now renamed it the "Slimbridge axe head".
A meeting about the find is taking place in Slimbridge on 21 February.
David Mullin, from Stroud Museum, where the axe head has been on display for the last six months, said: "The axe was deposited with the museum, its Viking origin having been suggested by others.
'Difficult to date'
"It will continue to be on display at the museum and we plan to take it to the Slimbridge Local History meeting on 21 February."
The find has aroused a great deal of interest and incredulity with the archaeological community Professor Mark Horton , University of Bristol
Archaeologist Kurt Adams, from Bristol Museum and Art Gallery, said he went to see the find at Stroud Museum on Thursday.
He said: "It's definitely an 18th or 19th Century woodworking tool - a heavy duty woodworking axe.
"Axes can be quite difficult to date because the form fits the function - but having said that Viking and battle axes are quite distinct.
"A single artefact doesn't show evidence for a battle, as it could have been an object which was traded or lost."
Peter Ballard, from the Slimbridge Local History Society, said: "We've decided to call it the 'Slimbridge axe head' because we don't know whether it's Viking or 18th Century."
Professor Mark Horton, from the University of Bristol, said: "The find has aroused a great deal of interest and incredulity with the archaeological community on the internet - on the Britarch discussion board.
"There is no way that this is a Viking axe head - they look completely different. As to the claim that there was a major battle at Minchinhampton in the 10th Century - these I'm afraid are the product of an over fertile antiquarian imagination.
"There was certainly Viking activity on the River Severn during this period but this is a case of two plus two equalling five."
Trust the Israeli electorate to produce a surprising and acutely complicated electoral result, at the end of an exemplary, empowering exercise in democracy. Here are some quickfire pointers through the initial post-vote fog.
1. Israel did not move to the right
Remarkably, given the regional instability and consequent Israeli wariness, the right-wing bloc took a bit of a pasting. It's a more hawkish right-wing bloc, but it's a smaller one, somewhat less able to get its own way. Instead, Israel moved a little to the center, as exemplified by the remarkable debut of Yair Lapid's Yesh Atid. What does this mean for the big regional issues, and especially for interaction with the Palestinians? Well, that depends on the nature of the coalition. And for that, we may have to wait a while.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
2. Netanyahu is battered but he's still a winner… almost certainly, with some serious caveats
You go into national politics because you want to lead your nation. And once you've made it to prime minister, you go into your next elections in order to remain prime minister. That's what Netanyahu has apparently managed, unless the soldiers' votes and other final adjustments in the next couple of days improbably change the delicate Knesset arithmetic to his detriment. This despite Netanyahu not being particularly popular and being a very well-known quantity in an election where many voters plainly favored the fresh, inexperienced and unsullied candidates. Tuesday's was a vote for change. Dozens upon dozens of sitting Knesset members were swept aside. But Netanyahu rolled with the wave, and here he is again.
3. But his Likud party is a big loser
The Likud held 27 seats in the last Knesset. Now it will have only 20 — out of the 31-strong incoming Likud-Beytenu faction. Brace for lots of bitterness in the Likud. Lots of recriminations. The partnership with Avigdor Liberman meant that Netanyahu heads the biggest faction, so that's hunky dory for him. But Likud lost right-wing votes to Naftali Bennett's Jewish Home, and Yisrael Beytenu lost Russian votes to Yesh Atid. Many of the prime minister's party colleagues are feeling rather less celebratory than he is today.
4. Yair Lapid is a resounding success
At its height, Yosef “Tommy” Lapid's secular Shinui party managed 15 Knesset seats. In his first foray into politics, son Yair has outstripped that achievement, with a gentler, more gracious approach. He's the power broker now. Netanyahu can barely cobble together a coalition without him, and doesn't want to. But voters took a gamble on Lapid, and he could turn out to be a disaster. We'll see how effectively he can stand up for his principles, notably his insistence on achieving universal conscription, and how well he can maneuver among the experienced political sharks. So far, Lapid has charted an impeccable course, showing real nous, notably by dodging a formal alliance with Labor and Tzipi Livni's Hatnua before the elections. A partnership with either or both of those parties could only have cost him votes. It's hard to imagine that many Israelis who think of themselves as coming from the center or center-right of the spectrum would have backed a Yesh Atid that was allied with center-left and left-wing parties, but many such voters clearly did opt for his independent party. His repeated declarations that he was not hostile to ultra-Orthodox Jews, however much derided by commentators and doubted by the ultra-Orthodox themselves, may well have boosted him too — and underline the difference between his approach and that of his overtly feistier father. He also wisely steered well away from his Machiavellian family friend Ehud Olmert.
5. Yesh Atid shows there may actually be an Israeli political center
Lapid's party has taken 19 seats from all over the spectrum, with a canny mix of candidates and an inclusive approach that evidently resonated with much of the electorate. It's easy to be cynical about centrist parties — they're flashes in the pan, pundits often say with good reason, looking at their track record of rapid combustion. But unlike Shinui or Yitzhak Mordechai's Center Party, Yesh Atid is not a collection of political opportunists in search of a new home, but a group of fresh, diverse talents, with plenty of experience in the real world, who are now turning their attention to politics. Their lack of parliamentary expertise plainly didn't matter to their voters; if anything, it was an advantage. Look how badly the experienced and egotistical Livni performed, with her assembly of too-familiar faces.
6. Labor's Shelly Yachimovich has strictly limited appeal
The “revitalized” Labor party under social justice champion Shelly Yachimovich fared only two seats better than the tired old Labor Party under security expert Ehud Barak four years ago. Many Israelis care a great deal about economic and social inequalities, but they wanted a party inside the coalition to champion them, and she had ruled out a partnership with Netanyahu. Other potential Labor voters felt the lack of compelling policies from Yachimovich on peace and security. The hard-core peaceniks went to Meretz; Lapid, with ex-Shin Bet chief Yaakov Peri at his side, may well have attracted many of the Yitzhak Rabin-style Labor hawks. Livni took some Labor votes too. Yachimovich is vowing to lead a “fighting” opposition; she first has a fight on her hands to retain the party leadership. Nobody saw her as a credible prime ministerial alternative to Netanyahu. That's a dismal truth for the long-time party of government.
7. Naftali Bennett can fly higher
So elevated were the expectations in the Jewish Home that a final result of 11 (or maybe 12) seats is seen by some in the party as a disappointment. It's anything but. In barely two months, Bennett lifted a party that won just three seats in 2009 and — by force of will and personality, and by dint of his mixture of experience in the army's most elite commando unit, at Netanyahu's side in the prime minister's office, in business and in running the settlers' council — quadrupled its Knesset strength. Voters seeking change were torn between Bennett and Lapid. Young voters were torn between Bennett and Lapid. Even many secular, not particularly right-wing voters were torn between Bennett and Lapid. Bennett remains a man with a mission — to infuse his stream of Orthodox Judaism into secular Zionism. He isn't done yet.
8. Israel's Arabs do themselves a disservice
While we wait to see whether the three Arab parties wind up with 11 or 12 seats between them, the fact remains that the Arab community punches below its weight because of its relatively low election turnout. If Israel's Arabs came to the polls in greater numbers, they'd get more representatives into the Knesset, and they'd be able to advocate for their own interests as effectively as the ultra-Orthodox community has done over the decades. Even the Arab League internalized the simple virtues of Israel's vibrant democracy this time and urged Arab Israelis to turn out and vote. To little effect.
9. The right-wing/Orthodox camp threw away several crucial seats
The biggest party to fall below the 2% Knesset threshold was the far-right Otzma Leyisrael. The second biggest was maverick ex-Shas MK Haim Amsalem's Am Shalem. There was lots of talk before polling day about the costly disunity on the center-left. It seems that the costlier disunity was in the right-wing/Orthodox bloc. The three or four more seats that might have been won had these splinter groups attached themselves to larger parties could have done wonders for Netanyahu's coalition-building options.
10. We remain a very divided nation
The weeks of intense coalition-building negotiations we likely now face might be seen as reflecting an unwieldy electoral system that is again putting a dozen parties into a 120-seat parliament. But ours, in turn, is an unwieldy, sectoral public, with its mix of Jews, Arabs, radical righties, radical lefties, the ultra-Orthodox, the fiercely secular and all manner of folk in between and far beyond. If Netanyahu is indeed the (battered) winner of the tortuous election process, his next task is still more arduous — putting together and maintaining a government that can represent the domestic interests of a wide proportion of our divided electorate and steer Israel effectively through the complexities of an unpredictable, threatening region. Within hours of the polling booths closing, both he and Lapid were articulating a desire for a wide government. Lapid specified that it be a grouping of “moderate” parties. Now we wait to see what he meant by that vision, and whether he and the prime minister, spurred by a fascinating election outcome, can find the common ground to implement it.
At Xbox, we're committed to giving fans choices when it comes to games, services, and devices. Coming in holiday 2017, we're bringing fans the most powerful console ever: Project Scorpio. Featuring 6 teraflops of graphical processing power, true 4K gaming, and compatibility with Xbox One games and accessories. Plus, later this spring, Xbox Game Pass will launch unlocking over 100 great games with endless play. Today, we're excited to unveil the new Tech Series of Xbox Wireless Controllers. The first in the series is the Xbox Wireless Controller – Recon Tech Special Edition. This controller will be available for $69.99 USD and will start shipping to retailers worldwide starting April 25.
Pre-order Xbox Wireless Controller – Recon Tech Special Edition
In developing this new controller series, the Xbox team was inspired by military technology and performance patterns, exploring concepts stemming from combat armor and sci-fi mechanical gear. Premium finishes like a laser etched texture on the front, gold accents and insignia are on the front of the controller. The back of the controller features textured diamond rubberized grip for added control and comfort. This specialized controller also has the same features you know and love of the Xbox Wireless Controller, including improved wireless range and Bluetooth technology for gaming on Windows 10 devices or Samsung Gear VR. You can also take advantage of the custom button-mapping feature through the Xbox Accessories App, available for download from the Xbox Store or Windows Store.
A great way to use this new controller on your Xbox One is with Copilot – a new console feature that allows any two Xbox Wireless Controllers act as if they were one. As part of our commitment to enhancing gaming for everyone, Copilot makes Xbox One more inviting and fun for new gamers or those needing assistance — whether it's parents who want to help their kids play, experienced gamers looking to play with novice players, or gamers who need unique configurations to play (e.g. with hands apart, hand and chin, hand and foot, etc.). The Copilot feature will be available through the Creators Update later this year.
Please visit xbox.com, microsoftstore.com, Microsoft Store or your local retail store for more information.
As Christmas approaches and 2014 draws to a close, our news editor Glen Poole lists some of his favourite writers on UK men's issues.
As I drew up this list I was struck at how vibrant the conversation about men's issues has become in the past year. This is partly because of the growth of online media like the wonderful insideMAN (of course); partly because more people who have been around the men's movement for years are taking time to publish their thinking and partly because there are (I think), more people than ever before engaged in conversations by, for and about men in the UK and worldwide.
This is good news and I for one would love to see this list of writers growing exponentially in 2015. If we are to tackle the many different issues affecting men and boys then it is vital that we build a critical mass of people who are informed about men's issues and engaged in conversations that make a difference.
If you don't write yourself, you can still play your part by reading, commenting on and sharing what these writers have to say. You could also become a writer yourself in 2015 and share your thinking with the world. If you have an idea for an article then why not get in touch with insideMAN? Make it your resolution for next year.
Also, if there are people writing about men's issues that you admire and think we should be aware of do please let us know in the comments section.
Enough of the preamble. Here, in no particular order, is my list of favourite UK men's issues writers from 2014:
1. Ally Fogg
If you don't know him yet, Ally Fogg is a left-wing social commentator who has carved a regular slot for himself at The Guardian's Comment Is Free section where he has become their "go to guy" for men's issues. While he writes on various subjects, his dedication to the gender conversation is such that he blogs regularly on the subject at Freethought Blogs where a lively debate is guaranteed under each article. I admire Ally for his rigour in digging through research and statistics that others don't bother with and for attempting to view each argument on its merits rather that from a position of ideological prejudice---and he's a lefty so you can generally rely on him to see the world from a "patriarchy hurts men too" perspective.
Classic Ally Fogg article: The five little words that betrayed Emma Watson
2. Neil Lyndon
2014 has seen the welcome return of Neil Lyndon to the "men's issues" debate with regular contributions at Telegraph Men. Neil was one of the first men to dare to put forward the radical idea that men and boys, as a gender, experience sexism, discrimination and inequality. This simple idea is still as radical today as it was over 20 years ago when he first published his seminal work on men women, No More Sex War. He is older, perhaps more socially conservative than Fogg and while he is more connected to men's issues on a personal level seems to have less understanding of how social policy on gender is practically delivered. However, he is no ranting, irrational misogynist; he is a rigorous and intellectual commentator whose writings provide a vital, counter-cultural viewpoint from the front line of gender politics.
Classic Neil Lyndon article: Abortion: why aren't men allowed a say?
3. Duncan Fisher
I've know Duncan longer than anyone on this list as he commissioned my first ever article about "men's issues" nearly 15 years ago, for a website called Fathers Direct (a project that became the Fatherhood Institute). Duncan is the most pro-feminist man on this list. He believes that men's equal participation in parenting is key to delivering equality for women, but rather than taking the finger wagging "why don't men pull their weight" approach, he proudly advocates for the benefits of involved parenthood and highlights the barriers that prevent men from having an equal opportunity to be an involved parent. I find Duncan's "Mums and Dads Net" facebook page a useful source of articles I wouldn't otherwise find and have to commend him for producing the most popular insideMAN article of 2014---four reasons feminism is alienating teenage boys.
Classic Duncan Fisher article: "Do men do their fare share of housework?" This is a sexist statement.
4. Chris Good
In contrast to the old hands like Fisher, Fogg and Lyndon; Chris Good is a newcomer who's made his mark in the past few months. At the risk of sounding like Louis Walsh on the X-Factor---he reminds me of a young Neil Lyndon. He seems raw from personal experience and driven to make sense of the debate around gender and find a way to make it work for both men and women (as demonstrated by the name of his blog is All For Equality). Chris has taken a stand against the feminist narrative around gender and writes in an open, vulnerable and honest way as a man who seems to be evolving and defining his own gender politics as he writes. He gained some notoriety this year by having his articles removed from the newly formed Huffington Post Men, but more interesting than this incident is the intelligent way he responded to it (see classic Good below):
Classic Chris Good vlog: Feminism has the power to silence opposition in the media
5. Martin Daubney
Just like Chris Good, Martin Daubney has the sense of a writer who's developing his gender politics and working out his perspective with each new article. Like Chris, he's critical of feminism, but not coming from an entrenched anti-feminist perspective, rather questioning feminist perspectives on gender and inviting discussion and debate. Daubney has the additional advantage of a having an existing track record as a journalist and editor as the longest serving editor of Loaded magazine. He has been writing on men's issues at Telegraph Men throughout 2014.
Classic Martin Daubney article: Why men have a problem with the word feminism
6. Dan Bell
Dan's my partner in crime at insideMAN and has been pushing mainstream media outlets to talk about men's issues as a journalist for several years now, having worked for both BBC and ITN online (amongst others). Dan's writing is rooted in journalistic integrity and you can rely on him to bring rigour and balance to his writing about men's issues as his investigative work into funding for men's health initiatives revealed in 2012. However, the writing I most enjoy from Dan happens when he puts himself into the story whether that's visiting a military rehabilitation centre, recalling a fight between two women or reflecting on a conversation about boys between mothers on a London bus.
Classic Dan Bell article: Why Kitchener's finger gives me the arsehole
7. Karen Woodall
The only woman on this list and deservedly so. Karen works on the frontline with men and women who are alienated from their children after separation is groundbreaking. She's had her mind on the challenges of gender inequality for years and after decades of approaching life as a proud feminist, she is now a born again anti feminist. I don't listen too carefully to her passionate anti-feminist tirades---like a scorned lover I know she only has bad things to say about feminism---but her writing about the reality of working with men and women and children on the front line of family breakdown is peerless. The world needs more Karen Woodalls! If you want to take an in depth journey into gender politics of social policy in 2015, start reading Karen's blog on a regular basis.
Classic Karen Woodall article: Gas-lighting masculinity: the dimming of post-separation fatherhood
8. John Adams
It's great to see the growing number of UK daddy bloggers who are taking time to record their experiences of fatherhood---many of whom you can see featured at Love All Dads. My personal favourites are those who can step back and see their experience within the context of broader gender politics. A great example is John Adams who can go from writing articles about baby changing facilities and men's fashion ranges to interviewing Nick Clegg or an SNP representative on Scotland's Equal Opportunities Committee. You can follow John on at Dad Blog UK.
Classic John Adams article: Discussing family friendly, flexible working with Nick Clegg
9. Milo Yiannopoulos
Milo Yiannopoulos is a controversial journalist and entrepreneur who appears to have been drawn into the gender debate via his interest in technology. He is writing a book on GamerGate which in his words "represents a brutal clash of worlds: put-upon, basement-dwelling nerds and the bloggers and feminists who have for years been claiming that video games are hateful, misogynistic and should be censored". As a highly intelligent, provocative and influential writer (currently writing at Breitbart and Business Insider) he has recently positioned himself as a fearsome defender of men who feel unfairly attacked by feminism. Whether he continues to write on "men's issues" in 2015 remains to be seen.
Classic Milo Yiannopoulos article: What is 'manspreading' and why are people angry about it?
10. Glen Poole
I know, I know it's highly self-congratulatory to list yourself as one of your own favourite writers (and definitely weird to refer to yourself in the third person) but I love writing about men's issues and I do enjoy looking back on my articles from time to time, so stuff it, I'm including myself in this list. If you want to take a look at what I've been up to this year, you'll find much of it here at insideMAN; my Guardian and Telegraph articles are bookmarked over at Journalisted and then there's one article at Huffington Post Men that I may add to in the coming year.
Classic Glen Poole article: It's International Men's Day so let's give men a break
A FEW OTHER WRITERS AND WEBSITES WORTH KEEPING AN EYE ON
---Photo Credit: flickr/Jimmy Brown
Article by Glen Poole author of the book Equality For Men
If you liked this article and want to read more, follow us on Twitter @insideMANmag and Facebook
The Qtum Team Visits Seoul
Qtum Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 24, 2017
Friday, October 20th:
The Qtum team was honored to attend several meetups in Seoul this week. The Foundation sent Stella, Xiaolong, Patrick, and Brett. We met with many Decentralized Applications building on the Qtum platform, such as: Bodhi, Medibloc, Spacechain, Energo, and Ink.
Before we even got started with the planned events, we managed to attend in an online stream with Michael from Boxmining:
Thanks Michael!
Our next stop is a media company, where we meet to do another live stream with Coincast!
What a nice building we arrived at:
Patrick and Xiaolong Arrive for the Coincast Stream
Very Interesting
Stella and Xiaolong make their way to the recording area
Here is the actual video:
This will be edited to go on television at a later time. The team took a few pictures with the crew before leaving:
Thank you Coincast!
Now it was time for the team to experience the local cuisine. Absolutely incredible, Korean food is something everyone needs to experience:
Stella and Xiaolong
Now off to the Coinnest meetup!
COINNEST ‘CAMUP' MEETUP
We arrived at the meeting place later that night, everything was already prepared:
This is what greeted us as we approached the elevator
This was a well organized event by Coinnest, they had a live translator, along with fine catering. The event was packed, with people having to stand in the back as all the seats were full. The purpose of the gathering was to discuss Blockchain technology, specifically Qtum, and the Decentralized Applications that plan to build on the platform.
The venue got full quickly:
People had to stand at the back and up on the balcony
Even the registration area was packed
Here's a picture of the agenda:
Grace from Medibloc helped MC the event:
Grace getting ready to introduce the keynote speaker
Kim Ik-hwan from Coinnest gave the Keynote Speech in Korean:
Coinnest CEO
Patrick takes over and begins his presentation
Patrick begins to discuss the new updates that are coming
Patrick explains that Qtum is a Currency as well as a Platform
Patrick announces Qtum's first advisor
Now it was time to see a presentation from Kyber Networks about their decentralized exchange service (This project did not build on Qtum, but they are listed on the Coinnest exchange):
Kyber Networks presenting their Decentralized Exchange
After the intermission, the Qtum Decentralized Applications presented their solutions to the audience:
Energo discusses their decentralized energy solution
Allen from Medibloc discusses the Healthcare industry
Zee from Spacechain discusses his planned Satellite Network
After almost 5 hours, closing remarks from Coinnest:
After almost 5 hours, the event came to a close. After we made sure everyone who wanted a picture with the team got one, the team went to another Blockchain event for a couple drinks and then retired for the night.
Saturday, October 21st:
We attended the Coinone Blocks Meetup at their office on Saturday
We went to visit our friends at Coinone, who had a very nice meetup space already set up for us. This was a smaller and more intimate event.
Qtum Decentralized Applications Energo, Medibloc, Spacechain, and Ink get ready to present at Coinone
This was a nice venue that Coinone let us use
Coinone kicks off the discussion
Zee from Spacechain
Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, and Qtum information packets on display at Coinone
After everyone presented, it was time for dinner again, this time with Coinnest:
Sunday we rested and recovered from all the traveling, bringing us to Monday
Monday, October 23rd:
Today we had a meetup scheduled with Blockchain Korea. We were welcomed by Ash Han, the coordinator:
Ash Introduces Patrick Dai
Attendees at the Meetup
Patrick starts presenting
Xiaolong explains how to download and use the Qtum Ignition wallet
Stella explains how we will market the Qtum project moving forward
Deric from Bodhi explains their Decentralized Application
The event lasted about an hour and we thanked all of the attendees for coming.
Summary
The Qtum team managed to attend 3 meetups, and 2 live streams in a very short amount of time. We found Korea to be a welcoming place, and we met with many community members during our short time in Seoul. There were numerous business development meetings we had in the space between meetups, mostly with new DAPPs looking to build on Qtum, along with other exchanges.
Looking forward, the Qtum team plans to duplicate our success in Korea abroad. Next month we will visit Japan, and meet with some friends in Singapore. There will be more activity in the Americas, and we will really increase our PR activity.
With the Main Network launched and stable, and the swap almost finished, we are now able to focus harder on attracting DAPPs and developers. This makes our lives a lot easier when it comes to marketing, as there are very few platforms that can leverage the number of projects they have building on them.
Angry call from girlfriend prompts gunfire in downtown Stamford
Ralph Battinelli, 26, of Stamford, was charged Wednesday night with firing his gun illegally downtown. Ralph Battinelli, 26, of Stamford, was charged Wednesday night with firing his gun illegally downtown. Photo: Stamford Police / Contributed Photo: Stamford Police / Contributed Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Angry call from girlfriend prompts gunfire in downtown Stamford 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
STAMFORD — A city man was arrested downtown on Wednesday night for allegedly firing his gun after getting into a spat with his girlfriend.
Sgt. Jennifer Lynch said at 10:53 p.m., 911 dispatch got a call about someone hearing a single shot being fired in the area of Washington Boulevard near the corner of Hoyt Street.
Officer Heather Frank was nearby and while looking for witnesses to the gunplay saw a pickup truck speed out of Court Street and onto Washington Boulevard at a high rate of speed.
Frank pulled the vehicle over and saw that the driver, Ralph Battinelli, 26, of Amhearst Place, was wearing a holster with 9 mm Glock semiautomatic pistol tucked in it.
Capt. Richard Conklin said that Battinelli at first said he didn't know anything about the shot being fired. But when pressed, Battinelli, who is a landscaper, admitted to having just had a fight with his girlfriend over the phone. He said that he was at his landscaping yard on nearby Court Street when the volatile conversation took place and he admitted to walking outside with his gun and in anger firing it into a pile of debris.
Police went to the landscaping yard and recovered the shell casing, Conklin said.
Conklin said that Battinelli had a permit to carry his pistol that was issued to him in February of this year. Battinelli's permit to carry was taken from him as well as the Glock and another revolver, which was also licensed to him.
He was charged with illegal discharge of a firearm, reckless endangerment and traveling at an unreasonable speed for conditions.
Battinelli was released after posting a $5,000 court appearance bond.
jnickerson@scni.com;
Police in B.C. say the man wanted in connection to the shooting of an RCMP officer near Golden on Tuesday has been found dead in an area east of Revelstoke.
Officers conducted a traffic stop on a vehicle at about 3:00 p.m. near the weigh scales west of Golden, B.C.
The suspect in the vehicle refused to cooperate with police and then stole a nearby vehicle and drove away. Police searched for the suspect through the night but were unable to locate him.
Cst. Amber Brunner was shot during the incident and was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries where she remains.
"At this time we're confirming that our officer sustained a gunshot injury during the circumstances surrounding the initial vehicle stop. The police officer has been taken to hospital. The officer and family are being offered all possible support", says Staff Sergeant Rob Vermeulen, spokesperson for RCMP in B.C.
The stolen vehicle was located late Tuesday night just outside of Revelstoke and police combed an area about 4 kilometres east of the community on Wednesday morning.
The search for Sheldon Kyle Thunderblanket, 40, began after two people were seriously injured after a shooting on the Little Pine First Nation in Saskatchewan just before midnight on Monday.
Tami Frank was found in the home and was pronounced dead at the scene and her sister Lacey was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Thunderblanket was wanted on a number of charges in that incident including; first-degree murder, attempted murder, aggravated assault, mischief, assault and breach of undertaking.
On Wednesday afternoon, RCMP in B.C. confirmed that Thunderblanket was found dead within the seach area east of Revelstoke.
The B.C. Coroner Service is working to determine the exact cause of death andthe Independent Investigation Office of B.C. will now investigate to see if there is a connection between his death and the actions of police.
Police say they delayed confirming the death of the suspect until next of kin notifications could be completed.
The Trans-Canada Highway was closed on Tuesday night while police conducted a search for the suspect.
Truck driver Ken Lehmann waited five hours for the highway to reopen after witnessing the ordeal.
“I just heard the noise and I thought, I never thought a gunshot at that point and then I have seen people running across the road up there and I'm, okay, something's going on,” he said. “I guess he got away in a vehicle that he took from some older people, left them there, and headed west.”
The Trans-Canada was reopened on Wednesday with a single lane, alternating traffic.
Any potential witnesses to these incidents are asked to call the IIO at 1-855-446-8477.
BILLIONAIRE philanthropist Bill Gates says progress is being made on developing a “next-generation” ultra-thin, skin-like condom that could offer better sexual pleasure, help population control and be financed by first-world investors.
Last year, the Microsoft co-founder and one of the world's richest men offered inventors $US100,000 ($A108,200) in start-up grants to develop a “next-generation” of super-sheath condoms through the charitable Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation's Grand Challenges in Global Health.
It looks like “there are some technological materials that will be able to maintain a (condom) barrier with a very thin, thin material”, Gates said in New Delhi.
Gates, who was speaking at a question-and-answer session with his wife Melinda, said the foundation had received a lot of proposals from inventors.
The Seattle-based foundation has given one grant of $US100,000 to the University of Manchester to research a condom using a super-light conducive material known as graphene.
Another $US100,000 grant has gone to the University of Oregon for a proposal to create a polyurethane condom that would create a seal around the penis and be less than half the thickness of the best condoms available now.
The foundation's “Grand Challenges” are aimed at improving the lives of the world's poorest people.
Scientists say they want to achieve a new super-strength thin membrane for a condom to achieve what they call a “barely-there” feel. Men often say they are reluctant to use condoms because they decrease sexual pleasure.
The aim would be to encourage more couples to use condoms, preventing pregnancy and helping avert spread of sexually transmitted viruses such as HIV.
The foundation has said it could provide further funding of up to $US1 million to develop a new condom that would “enhance the pleasure so as to increase uptake”.
Gates has said first-world investors have little interest in developing medicines to combat such illnesses as malaria and tuberculosis as they are not prevalent in wealthy countries. However, “there could be a market for this (thin condom) among well-off nations, which doesn't happen with a lot of innovations,” he said.
There is a dilemma right not facing all soulless television executives. Now that reality TV has explored everything from You'll Listen to Whatever Crap We Feed You (American Idol), to You're a F***ing Liar: The Series (Moment of Truth), to My Dad Can Kill Your Dad (I think that's actually what it's called), where do you go from there? NBC, falling quickly behind Fox in terms of depravity entertainment, think they have the answer: comedically boring sports.
The network has confirmed that they have rights to a 10-episode curling competition, Rockstar Curling, in which winners get a shot at competing in the national championship. Curling, like the thing with rocks and brooms that no one seriously watches? That's the one.
"This show is all about the opportunity to expose American viewers to curling," said Colin Campbell, Canadian president of mktgpartners and one of the creators of the show. "We feel there might be some great athletes out there who might develop into good curlers given the chance."
I know what you're thinking. When even the best curlers--whoever they might be--are complete unknowns in the U.S., where does the "Rockstar" aspect come in? I'm glad you asked. NBC hopes to get rumored "closet curlers" Bruce Springsteen or Jon Bon Jovi in on the action, possibly as the host. Whether or not they succeed in this mission, "Wanted Dead or Alive" will forever be tainted by the knowledge that Bon Jovi may have been riding his steel horse to a curling tournament.
Rock stars courted for curling reality show [The Star]
Wen had written the op-ed in the wee hours of the morning after having worked 14 hours the day before. Aside from two tiny typos, it was flawless. (It was later published in The Washington Post.)
Since January, Wen has been running one of America's oldest and most experimental health departments, in one of the poorest cities in the country. Throughout my day with her, I learned a lot about how racial disparities and poverty pry an immense gap in the health outcomes of a community. I heard about some unusual strategies—like using ex-cons to patrol neighborhoods and break up fights—that public-health experts are employing in order to address those problems.
Also, I learned that I cannot keep up with Dr. Leana Wen.
After we looked at the op-ed, it was time for the meeting. The topic of discussion was, broadly, why poor kids are so much more likely than rich kids to get asthma. In some local schools, one person said, half of kindergarteners have asthma. How could we expect kids to get better when roaches roam their bedroom walls? Or when their parents didn't get paid before the inhaler ran out? Certain interventions—more health workers, better pillow covers—have proven to work, participants noted, but there's not enough money to fund them.
Wen interrupted with a more inspirational note: “There is a tide of change that's been coming in the past few years. I'm curious as to what you think the opportunities might be, not only with the [Affordable Care Act], but also with global budgeting affecting our hospitals in Maryland. Might there be opportunities there in order to use innovations that will keep people out of hospitals?” (Last year, Maryland became the talk of the health-policy world when it decided it would cap how many hospitals can spend—in effect rewarding hospitals for keeping people out of them.)
About halfway through the conversation, Wen rose abruptly, thanked everyone, and said she had to be off. Because of the recent riots, she and the city's other agency heads had an emergency cabinet meeting.
Outside, she turned to me with a slight frown. “Unfortunately, I often don't get to see all of any one meeting,” she said.
She phoned Shirli Tay, her assistant.
“Shirli, I need your help. Can you send Olga the call-in details? And where's Michael, because I need him to review that op-ed, like, now. Like, urgent.” But she ended sweetly: “Cool, see you soon, bye.”
Throughout the day, I would learn that interacting with Wen is a bit like swallowing a lit firecracker. Except instead of killing you, her force makes you feel smarter and healthier.
Wen told me to call into her scheduling meeting at 8:30, but also to drive to the offices of the city public health department by 9. She rattled off the address and I started repeating it in my head so I wouldn't forget it before I could get back to my car and punch it into Waze. I'm an atrocious driver and even worse when I'm on a conference call, but I figured I'd give it my all.
CLOSE July 6 -- Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis said he was quitting hours after his government triumphed in a referendum rejecting further austerity, saying his presence would hamper aid talks. Hans Nichols and Caroline Hyde report on Bloomberg's Bloomberg
Greece Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis speaks at the Finance Ministry after the results of referendum in Athens on July 5, 2015. (Photo11: AP)
Backed by Greek voters and opposition leaders, Prime Minister Alex Tsipras meets Tuesday with other eurozone leaders to see it they can resurrect debt relief negotiations.
Following Sunday's referendum in which 61% of voters rejected stringent bailout terms set by Greece's international creditors, Tsipras hoped to go to the meeting in Brussels with a strenghtened hand. On Monday, Greek party leaders rallied around his call for new talks.
However, the lenders gave no immediate indication they were ready to compromise on new loans to keep Greece afloat.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who on Monday talked with Tsipras and met with French President Francois Hollande in Paris, stressed that Greece needs to take "responsibility" for reforming its economy. Hollande said Europe needs to show "solidarity" with Greece. The two leaders run the eurozone's largest economies.
Both leaders also said they respect the referendum results, and the door remains open to negotiations to find a way to keep Greece in the 19-country eurozone.
As the outlook for the talks remain unclear, the European Central Bank decided Monday to leave the level of emergency credit to Greek banks unchanged to prevent their collapse. But it raised its collateral requirements.
Banks have been closed for a week, with strict limits on daily ATM withdrawals, and are expected to stay shut at least through mid-week.
In one concession to the creditors, Tsipras replaced his outspoken finance minister, Yanis Varoufakis, who had alienated eurozone leaders by assailing the onerous terms they demanded for new loans.
"I shall wear the creditors' loathing with pride," Varoufakis said in a defiant but characteristically colorful announcement about his resignation on his blog.
He said he was resigning because Tsipras believed his departure might help pave the way for Greece to "achieve a deal."
The Greek government later named lower-keyed economist Euclid Tsakalotos, 55, as the new finance minister. He was the prime minister's lead bailout negotiator in talks that halted last month before Tsipras called the referendum.
CLOSE European leaders have called an emergency summit on the Greek vote. Before that, German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to meet with French President Francois Hollande to coordinate their response. Bloomberg's Hans Nichols reports on First Up." Bloomberg
IMF chief Christine Lagarde said Monday that the fund is "ready to assist Greece if requested to do so.
"We are monitoring the situation closely," she said, without offering further details.
In a statement Monday, European Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis said: "The 'no' result unfortunately widens the gap between Greece and other eurozone countries. There is no easy way out of this crisis.Too much time and too many opportunities have been lost."
He said the commission is ready to work with Greece but cannot negotiate a new program without a mandate from eurozone finance ministers.
Major stock benchmarks in Asia, Europe and on Wall Street all moved lower Monday.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1IDQcTX
Yesterday Randi Harper, Founder and CEO of the Online Abuse Prevention Initiative (OAPI), recieved a cease and desist letter from some guy in England named James Desborough; demanding Harper remove his name from her Good Game Auto Blocker registry.
Good Game Auto Blocker, an anti-harassment tool written by Harper, lists 10,000+ Twitter accounts (and counting) associated with #Gamergate. Users of Good Game Auto Blocker are spared the agita of reading abusive Tweets and the tedium of blocking each #Gamergater individually. Accounts wrongfully identified as trolls can appeal to be whitelisted. To date, sixty-five accounts have been identified as false positives.
Desborough, who was fooled into arguing with Harper's block bot @randi_ebooks when the tool was new, now believes the block list constitutes defamation against him and "thousands of others" who follow two or more #Gamergate talking heads on Twitter.
In his letter to Harper, Desborough demanded to be removed from the block list, and also that Harper write him an apology and pay damages by March 31st, or he will consider suing her in England. No, really. From his letter:
I have evidence to prove that the block list and the website associated with it contains or implies serious, untrue and highly defamatory comments towards myself and thousands of others. In doing so defamatory comments and reputational damage are being communicated to many thousands of people throughout the world, posing a serious threat to my reputation and those who work with me. Further, these comments and the language used in the code and the website do or have seemed designed to damage my reputatio, [sic] and those of thousands of others, and to divert business away from me – rather than to have any fair comment basis. ... In order to protect my interests I am considering proceedings against you in the Small Claims or High Court. These proceedings would seek remedies including but not limited to the following: ● Substantial damages;
● an injunction to restrain you from publishing the same or similar statements in the future; and
● costs. ... If the defamatory material is not permanently removed and the above undertakings are not complied with by 4.00pm GMT on 31/03/2015 I shall review the circumstances and consider proceeding to court. I draw to your attention the terms of Section 2 of the Defamation Act 1996, under which you have the right to offer to make amends, which I will consider fairly. I await your response. In the meantime I reserve my rights, in particular the right to produce this letter to the Court when it comes to consider costs under CPR 44.3. Yours faithfully James Desborough
Harper responded by stating she wouldn't be removing Desborough from the block list , and invited him to "bring it" with regards to his pending legal action. At press time, Harper was still laughing at Desborough's pseudo-legal whining.
NEWS ANALYSIS
The prosecution of Minister of Finance Pravin Gordhan is ethically dubious, a lawyer for the South African Revenue Service said in an email chain that has set off an explosive series of events in the past 10 days, including an alleged hostage drama at a Sars office in Pretoria.
The Mail & Guardian can reveal that four Hawks officials are accused of using physical force and “apartheid-style tactics” to retrieve a printout of the damning email from senior Sars employee Vlok Symington. Among them was Brigadier Nyameka Xaba, the Hawks' lead investigator in the case against Gordhan. Symington was left with bruises on his forearms and hands from the altercation.
Dramatic video and audio recordings suggest that Sars commissioner Tom Moyane might have been consulted and updated during the alleged “hostage” situation.
The recordings were made by Symington and later handed over, with other evidence, to the Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid), which is now investigating the matter.
The M&G has requested comment from all parties involved and will update this article as soon as it is received.
WATCH: Sars employee Vlok Symington held against his will by the Hawks' Nyameka Xaba and Tom Moyane's bodyguard pic.twitter.com/rbsOc5TsKW — Mail & Guardian (@mailandguardian) October 27, 2016
This bizarre incident was triggered by an email Moyane had seemingly erroneously shared last week.
The chain of events kicks off with Gordhan lead prosecutor Torie Pretorius emailing Xaba, asking Xaba to obtain a statement from Symington. That happened just before 5pm on October 17. Pretorius attached a list of questions for Symington to answer. The questions relate to a legal opinion Symington wrote in 2009 addressing whether Sars was permitted to pay out former deputy commissioner Ivan Pillay's pension fund and rehire Pillay on a contract basis.
Symington's legal opinion stated that there was “no technicality” that prevented Sars from reappointing Pillay and that he was “entitled” to request Gordhan (minister of finance at the time, during his first round) to waive the early retirement penalty.
Charges of fraud recently brought against Gordhan, Pillay and former Sars commissioner Oupa Magashula relate to this pension payout.
The recordings capture the following events.
A few minutes after receiving the email from Pretorius, at 5.07pm, Xaba asked Sars lawyer David Maphakela to deal with the National Prosecuting Authority's request as a “matter of urgency”. Maphakela is a partner in the Gauteng lawyers firm Mashiane Moodley and Monama Inc. It is then that Maphakela emails Moyane the following message:
“Kindly find this for your urgent attention. On ethical reasons, I cannot be involved in this one, as I hold a different view to the one pursued by the NPA and the Hawks.”
This short but powerful message, essentially suggesting that Sars's own lawyer does not agree with the prosecution of Gordhan,Pillay and Magashula, set off the explosive chain of events.
By Moyane's own doing, this message has now found its way into the public domain.
It seems that at some point after this exchange, Moyane handed a hard copy of Pretorius's questions, along with the entire email trail, to senior Sars employee Kosie Louw, to whom Symington reports. Louw asked Symington to answer Pretorius's questions.
At about 10am on Tuesday October 18, Moyane's bodyguard and the Hawks, including Xaba, met Symington.
The meeting seems to have been congenial, with the Hawks explaining what they would need from Symington.
Serious questions should, however, be raised about why Moyane's bodyguard, Thabo Titi, accompanied the investigators.
It becomes pertinent when Xaba, Titi and the Hawks returned at 1pm, allegedly robbed of their congeniality. Questioning Titi's instructions and bona fides become critical when he is recorded seemingly blocking Symington from leaving the boardroom and preventing Sars security officials and Symington's personal assistant from entering the room.
In one recording Titi can be heard on the phone consulting a person he calls “commissioner” and “sir” and then ordering Sars security to stay outside. Titi was speaking to Moyane, according to insiders.
The Hawks can be heard demanding the email and the questions.
At some point a clearly agitated and intimidated Symington pushed the record button on his phone. He can be heard repeatedly shouting that he was “being held against my will” and “I'm being held hostage”. The recording seems to have been done in secret, but at one point Symington can be heard warning Titi that he was filming them preventing him from leaving the boardroom.
Symington also made at least three phone calls - two to his personal assistant and one to 10111. Symington asked his PA to call the building's security guards because he was being held “hostage” and “against my will”. The second time he inquired what was delaying security from responding.
Symington seemingly got no joy from 10111. The woman answering the emergency call focused on whether Symington knew the people keeping him hostage and why he was allowed to phone while he was being held. She further struggled to grasp where Symington was – in Sars's Khanyisa building in Brooklyn, Pretoria.
From the recordings it is clear that between 10am and 1pm on October 18, the Hawks' attention suddenly shifted from the “urgency” of Symington answering the NPA's questions to their panicky attempts to get him to hand over the document.
Sars insiders say this shift happened after the Hawks left Symington the first time and walked across the road to Lehae la Sars, the main building and location of Moyane's office.
Symington can also be heard in the recordings airing his surprise by the sudden ominous turn of the Hawks' tone, stating that they had had “such a good meeting” in the morning.
Xaba was adamant about retrieving the document that contained the email trail and, crucially, the Sars lawyer's comment to Moyane. He can be heard saying that the document had been given to Symington “by mistake”. He further explains repeatedly that if he should take Symington's Sars ID card, with Symington's name on it, it would be “by mistake”.
One can, however, deduce that Xaba wanted to trade the document in Symington's possession for another copy of the NPA's questions – the one without the offending message from the Sars lawyer.
Symington refused. During the recorded conversation it is clear that he has caught on to why Titi and the Hawks so desperately wanted the document back.
“It must be about the attachments,” he can be heard saying to Xaba, referring to the email printout.
At one stage Symington's boss, Kosie Louw, and colleagues Eric Smith and Mark Kingon joined the unravelling meeting.
Louw asked the Hawks to leave the room to give Symington's colleagues “five minutes” alone with him. His colleagues tried to placate Symington, seemingly to coax him into giving the document to the Hawks.
Symington did not budge.
It was at this time – about an hour after he was first mentioned being held “against my will” – that Symington lost his patience.
“The commissioner's bodyguard is holding me hostage,” Symington shouted.
The bodyguard seemed to have retreated after this strong assertion.
And when Symington walked out the door, all hell broke loose.
In the recording shouts can clearly be heard. It is a moment described by an insider where “the Hawks pounced on him and roughed him up a bit while taking the document by force at the moment Symington exited the room”.
Symington's repeated shouts of “he stole the document” intermingle with the soothing voices of his colleagues, saying: “Vlok, kalmeer nou (Vlok, calm down now).”
The desperation displayed by the Hawks, with the seemingly tacit consent of Moyane, is the clearest show of the lengths certain powerful organs of state are willing to go to in order to prosecute Gordhan and his co-accused. It further confirms, from within the prosecutorial camp itself for the first time, what a near-universal chorus of legal experts have said – that the case against the finance minister is fatally flawed. Most worryingly, it displays the increasingly desperate measures they are willing to resortto, to execute their plan. Violence and intimidation – tactics reminiscent of the apartheid-era State of Emergency – seem to be back in vogue.
It comes on the back of a last-minute subpoena the NPA issued to the chief executive of the Government Pensions Administrations Agency, asking for documents to explain the approval of early retirement requests.
An affidavit filed by Francis Antonie, of the Helen Suzman Foundation, states that the timing of this subpoena suggests a “desperate, eleventh-hour” bid to prop up the prosecution of Gordhan, which was clearly hopeless from the start. The foundation, along with Freedom Under Law, have launched a legal challenge against the NPA over the Gordhan prosecution.
The very basis of the fraud charge against the finance minister is in his approval of Pillay's early retirement package.
“This is information the NPA should have been gathered long before any decision to prosecute was made and the NPA's failure to do so underlines the irrationality and unlawfulness of its decision,” the foundation said in a media statement.
“This is especially so given that the information is likely to be exculpatory.”
More often than not, therapy is a great, healthy, wonderful — if painful — experience. It is a warm washcloth on your weary face, a safe haven for your scariest feelings, a place to swim in the ocean of you while effectively sipping chicken soup for the soul. It is Good Will Hunting's “It's not your fault” scene. But sometimes therapy is also finding out that your shrink hung himself just before your next session — as Sarah Silverman famously recalls. Sometimes therapy means secretly wishing your shrink would seduce you. Sometimes therapy is a combative relationship or a super-freaky one, and all sorts of dynamics in between. For those reasons and more, we asked eight women for their most hilarious and horrifying therapy stories ever.
She Only Talked About Herself
“I swear my therapist was only there to talk about herself. Every time I visited her, she would tell me about her ‘friend.' It was obviously about her. And then there was the time that she was inspired by my silly fashion and bought the same sweater I always wore to our sessions. Of course, I never would have known this if she hadn't shown up to our meeting wearing it — while I had mined on, too!”
She Set Me Up With a Freak
“My therapist set me up with another one of her patients, who was a writer. He wrote about the porn industry and lived, literally, in a closet. For our first date, he met me at work. I had to swing by my place to change before we went out. So I went to the bathroom to freshen up, and when I came out, he was lying naked on my bed. I had known him for five minutes. At first, I was confused as to why my therapist would set me up with such a schmuck, so I confronted her about it. She laughed it off, and then she immediately wanted me to pay my bill.”
She Didn't Know My Name
“I saw this woman in Michigan before I moved to New York. I was just trying to get all my mental shit together, come to terms with my baggage, deal with my fear, etc., so I could leave in a good place. I was 23. I saw her for about six months, and she was pretty useless. She had sheepdog hair, so I couldn't really see her face, and she wore sweaters with lots of bows on them. So one day, she was going on about how I didn't know who I was or where I was going, and I said, ‘That's what I said on my first day here. I don't know who I am or where I'm going.' Then she said, ‘Tell me: Who is Marlo?'
“My name is Marla. She didn't know my name. I wanted to say that I didn't know who Marlo was, but I'd be happy if she paid my bill. Instead, I left when the session was over, called her later, and told her I wasn't coming back because she didn't know my name. I resolved to use the money I was wasting on her for my move to New York, which was vastly more therapeutic. Right before I moved, I went out for a good-bye dinner with some friends and she was at the restaurant. It's always weird to see your therapist in the wild. We waved, but I didn't go over to say hi.
“The funny part? I can't remember her name.”
He Fell Asleep
“In couples' counseling with my then-husband, we both talked as we watched our therapist fall asleep. I remember looking at him and saying, ‘Damn, we are just not that interesting.' My individual therapist was furious when I told her. And it happened more than once. Maybe we should have made some juicy shit up? On the same note, my latest therapist keeps looking at her clock watch as I'm talking. She is very obviously totally uninterested in my shit.”
She Was Obsessed With All Things Trump
“Around the election last year, my old therapist asked me every session if I was a Republican. When I reminded her that I was not, she would go on to talk to me about all her clients who she thinks supports Trump. Obsessed with Trump all day, all night. That is all she talked about. One day, we got into it. I went to her to talk about my stress at home, but she kept asking me about Hillary. I was a huge Hillary fan. So was she. Then she made the biggest mistake. She told me that an educated, rich, white politician (Hillary) had suffered more than any woman in the world. She said Hillary had endured the most as a woman … ever! I said, ‘More than enslaved black women?' She said yes. I was like, Girl, bye. My next session was scheduled for the day after the election. Hillary lost. I was upset, but knew I couldn't listen to her whine about Donald Trump for the next four to eight years. So I rescheduled my appointment. She fired me as a patient, saying I no-showed. Whatever.”
He Threatened to Take Away My Kids
“This is one of the most disturbing things that's ever happened to me. I went to this therapist for about six months. I told him incredibly private things about my marriage, my parents, my children, etc. We really got into my own ‘Daddy Issues,' and other issues. After a while, I just didn't have the time for therapy anymore — I have four kids under age 7. So I sent him an email that I had to quit him out of the interest of time. He responded with the most threatening letter a mother could imagine; using all my personal secrets against me and even threatening to have my kids taken away from me because, he said, this decision to quit him made me seem very unstable to him. It felt like he was holding me hostage. I was nervous every day for months that someone was going to come to my house and take my kids. It's been about a year now and he's never done anything — but even talking about the situation freaks me out immensely.”
He Hate-Texted Me
“When I broke up with my therapist, he sent me a scathing text that could have been from a high-school mean girl. ‘Okay, sweetie. Just keep sweeping all of your problems under the rug. I'm sure it will work out perfectly for you. Best, John.'”
She Dissed Me at Whole Foods
“So I actually loved this therapist, Pam. She was helping me sort out a really tricky relationship with a man who was way too close with his family (a family I hated). At the time, it felt like Pam was the only person in my corner, and I just cherished her for making me feel less alone. So when I saw her at Whole Foods on a random Tuesday night, I was really psyched. I ran over to her in the pasta aisle and excitedly said ‘Hi!' and gave her a big hug. She was totally bugged out by me. She couldn't get away fast enough. I know you're not supposed to engage in the real world, or whatever the rules are, but she was so incredibly cold to me that the whole relationship felt weird after that. Soon enough, I dumped the guy and moved back to New York, anyway.”
• Contador failed doping test on the way to third Tour title • Spanish cyclist blamed positive result on contaminated meat
The head of the Spanish cycling federation says a decision in Alberto Contador's doping case from the Tour de France should be reached by the end of next week.
Contador failed a doping test on the way to his third Tour title, with the Spanish cyclist blaming the positive clenbuterol result on contaminated meat.
Juan Carlos Castano says the body's disciplinary committee is expected to receive the International Cycling Union's verdict on the case by Monday. Then it would need several days to finalise its decision on whether to impose a two-year ban on Contador and revoke his Tour title.
But Contador or the UCI then have the right to present further arguments, which could postpone the final decision until mid-February.
Contador, though, remains fully motivated for the season ahead according to the Saxo Bank team manager, Bjarne Riis.
"He [Contador] is scared but he is still extremely motivated by his job," Riis said. "During the pre-season camp, he was already way ahead of his team-mates in the climbs. I know his lawyers built him the best possible defence."
Jared Loughner (AP Photo/Arizona Daily Star) Mamta Popat
TUCSON, Ariz. (CBS/KPHO) The parents of Jared Loughner, the man accused in the Tucson, Arizona shooting rampage on Saturday, said they feel guilty about what happened, according to a neighbor.
PICTURES: Jared Loughner
On Monday, Randy and Amy Loughner, parents of shooting suspect Jared Loughner, asked long-time neighbor Wayne Smith to relay their feelings to CBS affiliate KPHO.
"They're devastated, and they feel guilty for what happened," Smith told the station. "They want to know, where did they fail? I told them they didn't fail. They taught him everything about right and wrong. We all know you can teach someone everything and have no control how it works out."
Smith said that Loughner's mother has been in bed, crying nonstop since Saturday.
"It's really bad right now," said Smith.
According to The Wall Street Journal, it was Smith himself who delivered the news to Randy and Amy Loughner that their son was under arrest and suspected of a mass shooting on Saturday. He told the newspaper he informed the couple what was going on when they returned to their home after shopping to find it swarmed by police.
Jared Loughner, 22, stands accused of killing six people and wounding more than a dozen others at an event hosted by Arizona congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, who remains hospitalized in critical condition after a bullet passed through the left side of her brain.
COMPLETE COVERAGE OF THE ARIZONA SHOOTING FROM CBS NEWS
Stephanie Kampf, W5 Producer
Western Hog Exchange in Red Deer, Alta. is the last stop for 2,000,000 pigs before they go to slaughter. It's a process that is supposed to happen as humanely as possible.
But a hidden camera investigation reveals that this is not always the case at Western Hog Exchange.
An undercover investigator for Mercy for Animals Canada, worked at Western Hog Exchange for two months this summer.
Unbeknownst to her employer, she secretly filmed what was going on inside. She witnessed horrible acts of abuse “animals that were too sick to stand, that were later kicked and abused by employees”.
The hidden camera footage was provided exclusively to CTV's W5 and the images that were captured are disturbing: pigs coming off trucks limping so badly they could barely walk; pigs so overcrowded into pens they climb on top of each other desperate for space; pigs being beaten and kicked by employees; and pigs that could barely walk being dragged or forced to move by employees wielding electric prods.
The investigator said it was an awful experience, but “I know that at the end of the day, I can go home and these poor animals are stuck there forced to endure this”.
In one hidden camera scene, an employee tries to move a resting pig by kicking it, then shoving it with a metal gate. Another employee joins him and they both kick the pig before dragging it on the ground with the heavy gate, trying to force the pig into a pen.
The undercover investigator said that moving group of pigs 70 to 100 at a time was common practice, leading to overcrowding and pigs piling up on top of each other.
Employees were equipped with a specialized plastic bat filled with pellets that's meant to be used as a noisemaker, to encourage the animals to move.
However some employees used the bats to hit the pigs. In some cases, the animals had no room to move and couldn't escape the beating.
W5 obtained a copy of Western Hog Exchange's Employee Manual which clearly outlines its animal welfare policy -- and much of it seems like common sense.
It states:
Do not: “kick any part of the hog's body.”
Do not: “drag any downer hogs from a truck.”
“Only move small groups of hogs at a time.”
And “prods are not allowed to be used in the barn to move hogs. “
However, the hidden camera footage reveals that some of their employees are breaking just about every rule in their own book.
Western Hog Exchange responds to video
W5 showed the hidden camera footage to Western Hog Exchange Chairman Brent Moen – he said he found some of the incidents portrayed in the video disturbing. “The images that were portrayed were shocking and concerning to me.”
As a result, Moen said he has contracted two separate agencies that are specialists in livestock handling to come in and review Western Hog Exchange procedures to ensure this won't happen again.
“We will engage those same individuals on a regular basis going forward to come back and audit our process,” Moen said.
“We will update the manual. We will retrain our people in the areas where we're not in compliance or where obviously we need some improvement.”
Moen told W5 senior reporter Victor Malarek that he is disappointed by what he saw on camera, adding, however, that “I look at this as a tremendous learning opportunity for our organization”. And he promised that over time the situation will improve, “You'll see more respect of the animals and a higher degree of care and compassion.”
“If anybody has a camera, this'll be on the internet” – CFIA inspector
Western Hog Exchange is a federally licensed establishment and as such, has inspectors from the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) on site to ensure compliance with Canada's humane transportation laws, and prevent the undue suffering of animals from transport to slaughter.
Although CFIA inspectors were on site while the hidden camera footage was recorded, it shows them either failing to act when animals are being abused in their presence or absent from the marshalling area altogether.
In one instance, a worker uses a bat, and then his boots to force a pig to walk, before shoving it into the pen with a heavy gate saying the pig “can walk when he wants to.” While this was happening, the CFIA inspector was in the office.
In another case, the hidden camera shows dozens of pigs jammed into an alley with nowhere to move, piling up on top of each other. An employee hits the pigs at the back of the group with a bat even though they have no room to move forward.
A CFIA inspector is present and she picks up a bat and bangs on the wall, adding to the mayhem. The inspector never appears to tell the employee to stop hitting the pigs.
At other times on hidden camera, CFIA inspectors actually grab electric prods for workers to use on pigs, including a pig that couldn't walk and had to later be put down. Keep in mind, the use of electric prods in the barn is a clear violation of Western Hog Exchange regulations.
The undercover investigator who recorded the footage said that she felt the CFIA inspectors were somewhat too cozy with the employees at Western Hog Exchange. “It seemed as though they were there to be a presence, to give people assurance that animal welfare is being taken care of. But I didn't see them doing anything to really enforce that.”
In one recorded moment, a CFIA inspector appears to be primarily concerned with the optics of what's going on around her. As a couple of dead pigs are pulled off a trailer, she comments: “If anybody has a camera, this'll be on the Internet.”
When the Mercy for Animals investigator reported one person who was rough handling the pigs to a CFIA inspector, she said the inspector followed her, not the person who was abusing the animals. “I kind of felt it was almost sending me a message”.
CFIA: No issues of non-compliance
W5 asked the CFIA for information on what their inspectors found this summer while hidden cameras were rolling. They said they conducted 84 “humane transportation verifications” from May to August 2014 and issued no non-compliance reports. That means not one violation or even a single warning from the CFIA.
In fact, the CFIA added that there had been “no issues of non-compliance identified by the CFIA against the Western Hog Exchange in the past year and therefore, no enforcement actions taken by the CFIA” during that time.
W5 tried for weeks to get an interview with Bruce Archibald, President of the CFIA, or other officials at their headquarters in Ottawa, offering to show the hidden camera footage prior to an interview. But they repeatedly turned down the requests.
CFIA did send a statement saying “The CFIA does not condone or tolerate any abusive behaviour towards animals and investigates all allegations of animal mistreatment.
“The CFIA enforces the humane treatment of animals in accordance with the Health of Animals Regulations and the Meat Inspection Regulations. …these regulations aim to prevent the undue suffering of animals during transport and during slaughter at federally registered facilities” and… “require that animals be in good physical condition to travel and that the trip be made under suitable conditions (ventilation, duration, loading density and proper constructions of trailers and conveyances.”
CFIA proposes ‘deal'
Seeking further information, W5's Malarek approached Archibald in person outside the CFIA's headquarters, recorded by a camera crew. The next day the CFIA seemed to have a change of heart and offered an unnamed spokesperson in Calgary to comment, but only if the footage taken of Archibald, as well as footage of the CFIA headquarters, not be used in the story. W5 did not agree to the condition.
W5 also requested an interview with the Minister of Agriculture and Agri-Food Gerry Ritz, about Canada's transportation regulations and CFIA oversight, but he was unavailable for an interview.
His office sent a statement saying:
“Our government expects all businesses to adhere to Canada's strict animal welfare laws. As a Government, we have increased the CFIA's ability to levy fines and criminal charges for animal cruelty should charges be warranted. We expect anyone found violating these laws will be prosecuted to the fullest extent possible.”
W5's documentary These Little Piggies will be broadcast Saturday @ 7 p.m. on CTV.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Cashmere sweaters at Uniqlo. Gourmet coffee and ice cream at 7-Eleven. These incongruously premium offerings by two of Japan's biggest retailers are part of a strategy to lift profit margins by enticing thrifty shoppers to splurge on little luxuries.
A woman checks cashmere clothes at Fast Retailing's Uniqlo casual clothing store in Tokyo October 4, 2013. REUTERS/Issei Kato
Uniqlo brand owner Fast Retailing (9983.T) and Seven & I Holdings Co Ltd (3382.T) plans to boost spending per customer are being challenged as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's aggressive economic stimulus has done little to loosen the purse strings of Japan's traditionally frugal consumers.
While Abe's policies have lifted the stock market and spurred spending on luxury goods, overall retail sales have grown only tepidly since he was elected last year.
A sales tax increase could also dent consumer spending once it takes effect in April. After luring customers through discounts and promotions, Fast Retailing and Seven & I hope to counter a further slowdown in spending through their value-for-money offerings.
“When it comes to day-to-day spending, people are still in penny-pinching mode. We can't see any impact from Abenomics,” Seven and I Holdings President Noritoshi Murata said after the company reported a record high operating profit for the first half.
“Japan has a lot of people with money to spend,” he added. “If we make things of quality, of value, and at a reasonable price, we can breathe some life into the market.”
Uniqlo in Japan accounts for two-thirds of the sales and 80 percent of the profit of Fast Retailing, which is expected to report a record high operating profit for the full-year to August 31.
Profit margins, however, are likely to have been squeezed. Uniqlo, the company's biggest brand, saw sales and customer traffic in Japan grow during the second-half at double-digit rates, but spending per customer fell more than 5 percent.
The cashmere V-necked sweaters and cardigans are aimed at changing this pattern. Priced at 5,990 yen ($62) and 7,990 yen ($82) respectively, the items are pricey by Uniqlo standards but come at a fraction of the cost of luxury designer wear.
Whether customers will buy, however, remains uncertain.
Taketo Yamate, a Credit Suisse analyst, believes shoppers accustomed to Uniqlo's discounts will be unwilling to pay more for premium items.
“It's possible that the pricing policies will face bigger challenges than the market's optimism suggests,” said Yamate. He forecasts an 8 percent drop in Fast Retailing's operating profit in the current financial year.
The success of Seven & I's premium brands may have encouraged Fast Retailing. The operator of Japan's biggest convenience store chain sells luxury home-brand food and drinks made by well-known firms such as Meiji Holdings Co (2269.T) and Kirin Holdings Co (2503.T).
It has also rolled out “Seven Cafe”, a freshly brewed coffee similar to the daily brew offered by Starbucks, that has boosted sales of accompanying sandwiches and snacks.
Seven and I estimate sales of its private brand, “Seven Premium”, will account for more than 10 percent of total sales this year and rise by 50 percent over the next two years.
Other retailers have also taken notice.
Slideshow (5 Images)
“The economy has improved but wages haven't gone up. It's said that expensive goods are selling, but that's not fashion wear, it's luxury watches and such,” said Masato Nonaka, president of low-price casual clothing chain Shimamura Co Ltd (8227.T).
“The preference for low-priced clothing isn't really fading but there's a move towards buying slightly better things, so we'll add products that are one are two notches above low-priced goods.”
($1 = 97.2700 Japanese yen)
Traveling from Shanghai to San Francisco in under two hours may sound like a fantasy, but China believes it's figured out how to design an underwater vehicle that can make the idea a reality.
More worryingly, though, is the possibility that the technology will be used to develop even more dangerous weaponry.
According to the South China Morning Post (SCMP), the super-fast technology was developed by scientists at the Harbin Institute of Technology, and would allow underwater submarines or torpedoes to exceed the equivalent speed of sound underwater – about 3,600 miles per hour.
The idea is based on the old Soviet concept of supercavitation, which involves creating a large air bubble around an object so that it could avoid facing too much friction and travel through water quickly.
Professor Li Fengchen said that when the vessel hits the water, one of its mechanisms continuously sprays a “special liquid membrane” all over the object's surface. This membrane eventually wears off, but by the time the vessel reaches 46 miles per hour, it's going fast enough to enter supercavitation state and generate an air bubble capable of helping it cover previously unknown distances.
"Our method is different from any other approach, such as vector propulsion," Li told SCMP. "By combining liquid-membrane technology with supercavitation, we can significantly reduce the launch challenges and make cruising control easier."
In theory, this means a trip across the Pacific Ocean would take only 100 minutes, while a transatlantic voyage could be undertaken in less than an hour.
Despite the claims of progress, Li added that there are still significant hurdles scientists have to overcome, such as creating precise steering controls and an engine strong enough to power the whole operation.
Many details surrounding the technology remain unknown, since the project is still categorized as a military secret. Supercavitation could still be used to create fast-moving torpedoes and other weapons, and the US, Russia, Germany, and Iran are all working on the same issue.
Still, Li said there could be ways to use the breakthrough to benefit more than just militaries. It could pave the way for fast underwater transportation, or help create swimsuits that allow for unprecedented mobility.
"If a swimsuit can create and hold many tiny bubbles in water,” he said, “it can significantly reduce the water drag; swimming in water could be as effortless as flying in the sky.”
How many languages do you speak? Some people are okay with learning one or two, but others can't get enough and learn 10 or more. We call them polyglots. Although natural talent and abilities can play a big role, these language superheros offer some useful techniques and advice. If you're feeling stuck with learning a new language, maybe you'll find some inspiration in what these people have achieved and what they have to say.
1 – Dr. Carlos do Amaral Freire.
This Brazilian scholar has learned over a hundred languages -although many of them he says are a bit rusty by now- of which he is fluent in 30. For almost all of his adult life, he has been studying 2 new languages each year. For all you Portuguese speakers or lovers out there, he has collected and translated an anthology of poems from different languages called Babel de Poemas.
2 – Alex Rawlings
In 2012 the publishing house Harper Collins set out to find Britain's most multilingual student. They found Alex, who has just graduated in German and Russian studies at Oxford University and speaks 11 languages.
You can find out about how he does it and general language-related topics on his blog Rawlangs
3 – Timothy Doner
Even younger than Rawlings, he became known when he was still a teen, for his ease at interaction in many languages. People think it's especially impressive since he's from the US, where fluency in another language is not that common.
Aside from the old debate over what is considered fluency, or any technical judgements, he has very good ideas about what makes language learning easier. His self-confidence in getting out there and practising any language to get better at it is inspiring.
4 – Richard Simcott
You probably know him from his 16 language video from a few years ago.
For tips and advice on various languages, check his Youtube channel.
5 – Luca Lampariello
Born in Rome, he's been learning languages for 20 years and is fluent in 10. In this interview, Richard and Luca discuss polyglotism and language learning in different languages.
I was surprised that I couldn't find any woman known for such impressive multilingual skills, given the predominance of the gender in the field. Why do you think that may be?
[Español]
You might also like:
Sync Stereo Earmuffs with Audio Input Jack is rated 4.4 out of 5 by 104 .
Rated 4 out of 5 by Kevin from Great at the Beginning Good at the end These headphones are pretty good specially for the price, But they do have a dew setback. the Sound quality varies if the volume is too low(less than 10%) its just OK nothing special, However anything over 20% is really good. now I really like the design but the headband should have been just a little bit bigger. I'm sure this will be the biggest problem most people might have with them. Now the best thing about these headphones is the noise cancellation. Without music playing they actually block out about 50 to 60 percent of the background noise. With music playing at a moderate Volume(20 to 25%) they can block out about 70 to 75%. the Noise cancellation comes from the pressure the headphones put in your head as they cover you ears, Which is a good thing.(batteries not Require) But the more you wear them the looser they'll get and the seal on your ears wont be as strong(just remember this will take a long time of use). Now it will depend on how often you're going to use them and for how long. Personally I think this are a really good pair of headphones specially for the price.
Rated 4 out of 5 by ultimape from Great noise cancling headphones As someone which sensory issues, this is the best pair of noise canceling headphones I've ever owned. It prevents me from deafening myself when I want to drown out my emotions with loud music.. Blocks out obnoxious kitchen noises, and the occasional airplane from the local airport. Also stops annoyingly loud roommates from distracting me while programming. Biggest complaint is that the included 3.5inch cord is only about 4 foot long which can be annoying when your laptop is about 4.5ft away from where you head sits. I recommend getting an extension. It can also be difficult to put it over my ears in such a way that don't cause discomfort over an extended period of time. The seal is very strong, and you need to make sure it doesn't push on your ear too much. I have yet to find a pair of headphones that blocks out noise and is also comfortable to wear for 8 hours straight, this is the closest thing at about 4 hours before discomfort sets in. Only thing better would be to have a microphone attachment.
Rated 5 out of 5 by RednexToyz from 5 Stars for Quality & Value Owned for several weeks now. Quality seems to be good. Muffles outside sounds out well. Ive used on my riding lawnmower and around loud tools in the shop. Includes cord to go between your MP3 player and the ear muffs. No sound control on the muff's. Cord could have been a little longer but that is easily replaced since it unplugs at the ear muffs. Good sound quality. Fit & feel is comfortable. Great value!
Rated 4 out of 5 by musicearmuffs from Great Purchase Was looking for noise cancelling headphone/earphones to be able to listen to music and protect my hearing while running loud machinery. Found that there is no noise cancelling headphones that do a better job that these earmuffs can provide. Found these stereo earmuffs online at Home Deport for $16 and couldn't pass up the price and testing them out. They do any amazing job blocking out loud machinery, as well as good for shooting and being able to listen to music with decent quality stereo sound. This saved me hundreds than trying to find a good quality noise cancelling headphone. The only con is ( and this is with any earmuff) that they get uncomfortable after a while of use due to its tightness over the ears to block out sound. Though for me I would sacrifice comfort to protect my hearing while being able to listen to music.
Rated 5 out of 5 by workerdrone from Great solution to a noisy work environment Satisfied with sound quality using I-pod. When music is playing, can't hear the noisy machine shop environment. Some things other reviewers commented on: If too tight, you can bend the top band a little at a time until comfortable being careful not to make it too loose to loose seal; The cord is fine but I also heard some crackle when the cord was wiggled at first - cleaning both connectors on the cable with a little alcohol removed any oxidation on the contacts from sitting in the packaging over time - no problem; As a precaution, I will put a drop of superglue on the input jack nut to prevent it from coming loose over time. Build quality excellent, sound very good, noise reduction excellent, adjustable, price excellent and they look good too.
Rated 2 out of 5 by GlenR from Too Small I've used all sort of hearing protection devices over the years, but this is the first one that absolutely would not fit-not even close. Would not go down all the way over my ears, and was VERY tight. The tightness may have eased with use, but to have a hearing protection device not completely cover the ears is just wrong. If you have a small head, they may work for you, otherwise, I'd advise not wasting your time on this one. On the audio side, the headphones were very low quality. I've had much better sound from $5 discount store headphones than these could deliver. Wasn't expecting anything too wonderful, but was expecting better than this. Overall, a very disappointing product. I returned it and am I going to try something else. Too bad someone can't produce a simple mp3 capable hearing protector at a good price. Doesn't seem that much too ask, but right now there is nothing in the market that meets basic requirements without spending at least $50.
Rated 3 out of 5 by Myke from These headphones work as advertised.. I can finally keep up with a talk radio conversation while ... These headphones work as advertised.. I can finally keep up with a talk radio conversation while running any of my loud woodshop machinery. I used to use a nice pair of DJ headphones but these definitely do a much better job at canceling out ambient noise. I will say as other reviewers have mentioned that these are not very big and really only work properly when worn directly without any hat, beanie, etc. which is a pain if you're working in the cold or the sun. (I wear a size 7 1/4 hat) I really don't know what they were thinking when they designed these- they are way smaller than my other set of headphones and do have a tendency to produce a headache after wearing for many hours. (which is exacerbated by the fact that I wear glasses) If these had a greater adjustability they would be five stars no question, but their small size is really an achilles' heel. So I love how they work functionally, but the fit is a bit uncomfortable and frustrating after a long day in the shop. If you don't have a giant melon, or are only wearing from time to time, I recommend them, but if you're like me and running loud equipment for hours on end I might look for something more comfortable.. my 2 cents - Mike
The wheels of our criminal justice system move slowly — and the wheels should move slowly. Justice must be dispensed carefully and deliberately since mistakes can destroy lives. But a deliberative process is too often a convenient and lazy excuse for dependence on antiquated processes — our justice system is stuck in the 1980s. If you don't believe me, let me send you a fax of my casebook.
Modernizing the criminal justice system is low-hanging fruit for bureaucrats and politicians. In one of his first addresses as Ontario's attorney general, Yasir Naqvi spoke to law students at the University of Ottawa about the need to modernize the justice system.
But for all the talk of modernization, there is one universal truth about the machinery of our justice system — it is lubricated with the devalued time of defence counsel.
Cops are increasingly looking and acting more like soldiers. How are they paying for all this militarized equipment? One source of funding is particularly disconcerting for Americans' constitutional rights: equitable sharing.
Under this federal forfeiture program, local and state law enforcement can seize—and keep—cash, cars and other property they suspect have links to crime. Yet the taken property overwhelmingly came from people who have done nothing wrong. According to a new investigation by The Washington Post, the government never charged property owners with a crime in 81 percent of equitable sharing cases. Since 2008, 5,400 police departments and task forces have spent $2.5 billion in federally forfeited property.
These off-budget funds are a driving force behind the militarization of America's police forces, giving rise to “warrior cops.” A Georgia town of 8,000 people spent nearly $80,000 on weapons and protective gear, including 27 M-4 rifles. Another department in Georgia purchased an eight-ton BearCat armored personnel carrier for $227,000. Police in Prince George's County, Md. obtained a “mobile command bus” worth $1.2 million. Nationwide, police have spent over $175 million in equitable sharing funds on weaponry.
While these procurements are helping transform Officer Friendly into G.I. Joe, other police purchases uncovered by the Post were more lavish. Or just plain ridiculous. To paint kids' faces at an Easter party, police in Reminderville, Ohio hired “Sparkles the Clown” for $225. One Texas sheriff's department spent $637 on a coffee maker, and over $5,000 on “banquets, luncheons and fundraisers” and expenses for the “Smokin Pigs Cooking Team.” The Sheriff's Office in Mesa County, Colo. paid over $8,400 to send 20 lawyers to a conference at a ski resort in 2009. Agencies around the country have bought dozens of “new and used sports and luxury cars, including at least 15 Mercedes, a dozen Mustangs, a handful of BMWs and two Corvettes.”
Other police and prosecutors have infamously used forfeiture funds to buy Hawaiian vacations and a margarita machine. Or as John Oliver put it, “They were literally using this money as their own personal slush fund.”
Meanwhile, more altruistic causes are getting short shrift. Less than one percent of all equitable sharing funds, or about $20 million, has funded “community-based programs.” According to the Justice Department, these programs can include “a drug treatment facility, job skills program, or a youth program with drug and crime prevention education.” Yet even this paltry figure may be inflated: Hiring Sparkles the Clown was listed as a “community-based program.”
Moreover, there is an appalling lack of oversight and accountability. The Department of Justice has only been able to audit 25 out of the 5,400 police departments and task forces that partake in equitable sharing. While the Justice Department's guidelines admonish that “agencies should not ‘spend it before you get it' or budget anticipated receipts,” that hasn't stopped 100 departments and task forces from receiving the equivalent of at least 20 percent of their budgets from equitable sharing. For one Maryland police department, asset forfeiture is used both “in tight budget periods, and even in times of budget surpluses.”
The weak safeguards don't stop there. In callous disregard for federalism, police can routinely evade state restrictions and cash in through civil forfeiture, so long as they collaborate with a federal agency. For instance, Missouri and North Carolina are two of just eight states that ban law enforcement from keeping any forfeiture proceeds, according to the Institute for Justice's report, “Policing for Profit.” But these laws don't apply to property seized under equitable sharing. So if local and state law enforcement partner with an agency like the DEA, they can take property under federal law, and keep up to 80 percent of the proceeds.
In Missouri, instead of padding police budgets, any revenue generated from forfeiting property is supposed to fund public schools. But equitable sharing completely undermines that arrangement. In 2010, the Missouri State Auditor reported that of $5.7 million seized that year, “less than $26,000 went to Missouri public schools.” In contrast, over $4.2 million was transferred to a federal agency through equitable sharing, and then funneled back to local law enforcement.
Similarly, North Carolina is the only state in the country that essentially does not have civil forfeiture, instead requiring a criminal conviction before the government can take someone's property. Yet law enforcement still spent over $90 million in federally forfeited assets since 2008. In fact, according to The Washington Post, North Carolina and Missouri are the seventh and tenth largest spenders of equitable sharing funds respectively.
Sen. Rand Paul and Rep. Tim Walberg have introduced new legislation that would either end or curb equitable sharing, thereby stemming the flow of military-grade equipment onto our nation's streets. As local police departments continue to metastasize into paramilitary units, civil forfeiture reform is vital to reverse this disturbing trend.
If you or anyone you know has been a victim of civil forfeiture, please contact the Institute for Justice. For more information on policing for profit, visit endforfeiture.com
First Nations with good financial track records will no longer be required to account to Ottawa for every dollar of federal money they spend on things such as health-care, education and social services under a new program being proposed by the Trudeau government.
The plan to guarantee long-term funding with a minimum of bureaucratic oversight for 100 First Nations communities by April, 2019 is the first concrete step in what Jane Philpott, the Minister of Indigenous Services, says will be a new fiscal relationship with Canada's Indigenous people.
It is also a significant shift from the policies of former Conservative prime minister Stephen Harper who raised the ire of chiefs by passing legislation that required First Nations to submit their audited consolidated financial statements and information about salaries and expenses to the government for posting on the Indigenous Affairs website. The Liberal government stopped enforcing that law shortly after taking power in 2015.
Story continues below advertisement
Two years later, Dr. Philpott is preparing to give First Nations with a history of good financial management 10-year grants that would provide a single stream of predictable federal funding and allow band councils to spend that money as they see fit. Rather than report back to federal bureaucrats, First Nations leadership would be accountable to their own members. Exact mechanisms for that accountability have yet to be determined and they may largely be left up to First Nations themselves.
"It's a big deal, this change or the possibility of change," Dr. Philpott said in a telephone interview. "Once the money goes to those communities, then they have complete flexibility."
The 10-year grants were among the recommendations of a 17-month study by the Assembly of First Nations and bureaucrats within Indigenous Services. The details of how they would work are still being negotiated with the AFN and financial institutions including the First Nations Financial Management Board, which helps First Nations develop their financial administration and accredits those that adhere to good practices.
As it stands, the average First Nation must submit more than 130 reports to Ottawa every year to qualify for funding from multiple departments including Indigenous Services, Health Canada, Justice, Public Safety and Employment, and Social Development Canada.
Under the new program, said Dr. Philpott, the government would work out how much a community would reasonably expect to receive from all federal sources over the coming decade and then transfer the cash, probably in instalments, over the 10-year period.
"The idea is that it would be a move from an overly burdensome reporting mechanism that would come back to the federal government," she said, to a "mutual accountability framework, from a range that we would agree on in advance, in terms of what kind of reporting the nations would do for their citizens."
That reporting could mean that First Nations are required to set sustainable-development goals, such as how many students graduate from high school, and then prove to their own members that they have achieved them, she said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Dr. Philpott points to the success of a pilot project in which a five-year funding agreement negotiated in 1987 with the Miawpukek First Nation in Newfoundland was followed by 10-year agreements and, in the process, the First Nation has transitioned from a poor, isolated community into one that manages its own lands and resources and where there is employment for all members.
First Nations that have long-term funding are "empowered to deliver and we have proof that it works," Dr. Philpott said.
Cathy McLeod, a British Columbia MP who is the Indigenous affairs critic for the Conservatives, said she is concerned that the proposal for the 10-year grants is being negotiated behind closed doors between the government and the AFN.
The transparency act that was brought in by the Harper government asked only that basic information be made public, she said. Although many chiefs were upset by it, Ms. McLeod says she regularly gets calls from members of First Nations who are frustrated by the lack of financial information they can obtain from their band council.
The government has "missed the important step of talking to community members," said Ms. McLeod. "They are having secret tables with the chiefs but they are not talking to the people that want to hold their leadership to account and I think that is a big gap."
But Perry Bellegarde, AFN National Chief, said the new long-term funding model being proposed by Dr. Philpott is the natural next step on the road to a new fiscal relationship.
Story continues below advertisement
"Right now it's year to year, you can't do any long-range strategic planning. And a lot of the current programs are underfunded," said Mr. Bellegarde, who prefers to use the word transfers instead of grants because the funding for First Nations would mirror the transfers that Ottawa gives provinces and territories for health and social services.
The money would have to be based on a First Nations' total membership, said Mr. Bellegarde, and they would have to be indexed to keep up with inflation. But moving away from regular reporting to the government does not mean First Nations do not want to be accountable, he said.
First Nations agree that accountability and transparency are fundamental, even if they don't explain all details of their spending to Ottawa, Mr. Bellegarde said. "We've always said chiefs are accountable first and foremost to their citizens."
Survivors of the bloody Odessa May 2 clashes and subsequent tragedy at Trade Union House, where nearly 50 people were burnt alive, have organized international photo exhibits in order to convey the events with a new clarity denied to viewers by Kiev.
Violent clashes erupted on May 2 between rival rallies of anti-government protesters and radicals supporting the coup-imposed Kiev government. The confrontation led to a tragedy that left 48 people dead and 247 injured, as nationalists burnt the protester camp and then set fire to Trade Unions House with anti-Kiev activists trapped inside. The actual death toll could be much higher, as many of those who managed to escape the flames were then either strangled or beaten with bats by radicals, according to witness reports.
After the slaughter, a media blockade was imposed by Kiev, supplemented by an unwillingness to investigate the events in an objective, dispassionate manner. The most popular version of events in the Ukrainian media at the time stated that members of the anti-Kiev uprising set the Trade Union House on fire themselves, while the neo-fascist elements of the Maidan uprising were presented as victims of savagery.
38 minutes late: Report reveals firefighters' delayed response to deadly Odessa blaze
In order to present the May 2 events in a manner that only a witness and a survivor could, two members of the Rodina (Motherland) group have formed a coalition called ‘Remember Odessa, Stop Fascism'.
Sergey Marchel and Oleg Muzyka contacted a number of European anti-fascist groups for the purpose of setting up a photo and video diary of what had gone down during the fire and the subsequent storming of the Fourth Regional Department of Internal Affairs in order to free the remaining anti-Maidan prisoners.
The resulting exhibition was presented to the European public throughout the early summer, and has gained widespread popularity. The Berlin exhibit saw the biggest crowds, its ZDF and ARD networks covering the event, which consisted of over 50 photographs made by witnesses of the Odessa events.
Odessa mourns bloodshed victims, activists demand 'murderer' governor's resignation
“The events of May 2, 2014, on Odessa's Koulikov Field must not be forgotten. And those among us who were spared must do everything in our power to ensure that our friends and close ones' deaths were not in vain,” Muzyka said addressing the press and visitors.
“Eyewitnesses have traveled together with this exhibition, so that the spectators could get a first-hand account of how things went down… unarmed people were burnt alive in what was a pre-planned action,” Marchel said.
He went on to explain that “Kiev did not want the protest movement to grow around the Koulikov Field, because the Kiev government had no social or economic growth programs… those in power saw any prospect of our movement gathering pace as a direct threat that needed to be crushed and annihilated… they must be tried according to law, outlined in the Ukrainian Constitution.”
“We don't wish to punish them the way they tried to punish us. We wish to try them. That is why today, at this exhibition, we are calling out the names of the criminals, showing their photographs… the courts will punish them.”
The show has been a big success, visited by journalists, public figures – even politicians. The creators are especially pleased with the effect the show had on the guests. It could clearly be seen that the guests were moved by scenes they had not imagined could take place in the heart of Europe.
Odessa tragedy ‘fascism in action' - Lavrov
Muzyka recalls his own surprise at having to answer some of the questions posed about the earlier events of Maidan Square, and believes this to be evidence of the style of coverage given to them by European media.
Some of the visitors showed naivety in asking Muzyka and Marchel “why some Ukrainians disagreed with the Kiev government… or why we refused to abandon the Trade Union House” and so on, Muzyka said.
“What else were we to do when our fairly elected so-called president calls his own countrymen ‘half-human'?”
The exhibit has taken in Germany, Belgium, Spain, Serbia, Bulgaria, Romania, the Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary, Slovenia, the United Kingdom, India – and is coming to Ireland later in August.
Speaking to journalists at the Berlin event, editor of the Junge Welt newspaper said that “the Russophobic German media had tried to silence reports on the issue, but the current exhibition is a balancing force to that, as it attempts to reveal to the public what really took place.”
“What is happening in Donetsk today is an embarrassment to all of Europe.”
Such a character would be easier to dismiss if his stated motive for appearing on Broadway were not so timely. He wants to help liberals turn their Post Traumatic Trump Disorder into practical action that might protect the country from four years of kleptocratic depredation. Perhaps that's why President Trump shows up only peripherally, in projected images or as a kind of hovering hobgoblin. “I'm not coming to this stage every night to conduct a political rally,” Mr. Moore told The New York Times in July. “This is not a kumbaya piece of theater.”
That's true: “The Terms of My Surrender” is not organized well enough to be either of those things. Certainly it falls short of offering seriously useful ideas about how individuals can make a difference — as Mr. Moore, drawing on his own biography, insists they can. Details are scant. Run for school board, he recommends. Be Rosa Parks. Download 5calls.org, an app that promises to “turn your passive participation into active resistance.”
This show did that pretty well for me, even without the app. I actively resisted plenty of material that might otherwise be amenable to me politically. Some of it took the form of hokey set pieces that fizzled, such as a demonstration of what the T.S.A. now prohibits passengers from taking onboard a plane: hedge clippers, dynamite, Muslims. Particularly feeble (and sour) was a game show involving audience members selected to prove Mr. Moore's thesis that the “dumbest Canadian” is more knowledgeable about the world than the “smartest American.” Almost any savvy talk show host does this kind of material much better.
Worse, though, is Mr. Moore's collection of “and then I annoyed” war stories, many of them (like the one about the Elks crusade) told previously. I don't complain that he is always the hero of these stories; on Broadway you don't deduct points for narcissism. What is dispiriting is that many of the targets, however deserving, are so old and obvious, including Ronald Reagan (for his 1985 Bitburg blunder) and Glenn Beck (for his 2005 radio monologue exploring the free speech implications of threatening to assassinate Mr. Moore). The problems we face today are much more complex and intractable.
A new report from the Government Accountability Office reveals that multiple U.S. government agencies still run on decades-old technology—the most alarming of which is the revelation that nuclear operations are still carried out with 8-inch floppy disks.
According to the report, which you can read here, multiple government agencies operate off of information technology systems decades old. The Department of Treasury holds the oldest IT systems reported as being around 56 years old.
The big news revealed in the GAO report is the Department of Defense IT system's reported age being 53 years old, utilizing a system that still requires the use of 8-inch floppy disks. The report defines plans to “update its data storage solutions, port extension processors, portable terminals and desktop terminals by the end of fiscal year 2017.”
While it may sound shocking that our nation's nuclear defense strategy relies on outdated technology, it's not as simple as the government just being unwilling to update systems.
Advertisement
It's likely that, in the specific case of the Department of Defense's nuclear program, the same old systems were kept around for security purposes. The systems in use have likely been hardened against EMP strikes—meaning the systems wouldn't be wiped out by an electromagnetic pulse—and have undergone other complex security fail-safes to keep our nuclear program operational.
It's also wise to maintain and train the system and its users on complex outdated, or perhaps simply out of use, technology to further strengthen its defense against hackers or other attackers who are more likely to be unfamiliar with the operations and processes required.
Still, the Department of Defense is only one agency on the list using outdated technology, much of which the GAO report suggests needs a critical upgrade:
Advertisement
The GAO also found that around 75 percent of the federal financing for IT systems was used for operations and maintenance—spending which has increased over the past seven years further diminishing the financing to modernize and upgrade the agency systems in question.
Overall the report highlights a lack of investment by multiple government agencies in modernizing and enhancing vital information systems within our government and suggests that actions be taken before these systems have “outlived their effectiveness.”
Via The Verge
RELATED: Exclusive: U.S. Government Orders 250,000 Hazmat Suits to be Sent to Dallas
Government agencies across the world are rushing to snap up protective gear as concerns about the spread of the Ebola virus continue to dominate, with Lakeland Industries announcing that it has received 1 million orders for Hazmat suits alone.
Lakeland hit the headlines last month when it was revealed that the U.S. State Department had ordered 160,000 Hazmat suits from the Ronkonkoma, NY company.
The manufacturer saw its stock soar by 30% in after-hours trading on Wednesday after a press release on business activity related to Ebola revealed that the company was still being inundated with orders for Hazmat suits and other PPE items.
“Through its direct sales force and numerous distribution partners throughout the world, Lakeland has secured new orders relating to the fight against the spread of Ebola. Orders have been received from government agencies around the world as well as other public and private sector customers. Certain of these contracts require weekly delivery guarantees or shipments through the first calendar quarter of 2015. The aggregate of orders won by Lakeland that are believed to have resulted from the Ebola crisis amount to approximately 1 million suits with additional orders for other products, such as hoods, foot coverings and gloves,” states the press release.
The company adds that orders for ChemMAX and MicroMAX protective suit lines have increased 50% since August and are on course for a 100% increase by January 2015.
As Infowars reported last week, the federal government is quickly exhausting supplies for Hazmat suits in the United States, with numerous distributors being forced to place stock on hold for “government needs” only as concerns about Ebola linger after a third case was confirmed in New York.
Other federal agencies like the National Institutes of Health are also stockpiling PPE gear in anticipation of an “emergency event” disrupting the supply chain.
Lakeland, which already enjoyed a 40% stock surge in the aftermath of the first Ebola case being confirmed in the United States, is currently selling class A Hazmat suits for $1300 dollars. Business Insider's Sam Ro accuses the company of cashing in on the spread of the Ebola virus and the fear that has come with it,” noting that the word “Ebola” is mentioned twelve times in their press release.
Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
FOLLOW Paul Joseph Watson @ https://twitter.com/PrisonPlanet
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
I couldn't believe Wednesday night that some liberals were expressing indifference or even suspicion toward the House Democrats' sit-in. I wouldn't say this was all that widespread, but I did see it, and it was based on the fact that one of the bills they were demanding a vote on, the one banning people on watch lists from buying guns, is problematic from a civil-libertarian point of view.
Oh please. Do these people know history happening when they see it? The sit-in was about the two bills only in the most nominal sense. It was really about dead bodies. It was about the NRA and its stranglehold on their institution. It was about saying “enough.”
I wrote earlier this week that yes, the NRA won again on those four Senate votes, but “someday, this dam will break.” Well, it's coming a hell of a lot faster than I thought it would. No, the dam isn't broken—yet. That will still take a fair amount of time. But after Wednesday night, it's now possible to see a different future, one in which the NRA is not all-powerful. It's no longer crazy to think that its back can be broken.
Sure, there are serious civil liberties concerns about government lists. Here's what the ACLU has to say about them. If you are a man with an Arabic name in particular, the risk of being put on one of these lists because of error or confusion is not inconsiderable. That has to be addressed, and a citizen has to be able to go to the government and demonstrate wrongful harm.
But everyone agrees on all this. As I watched the coverage Wednesday, every single Democrat I saw interviewed said as much. I wish I could retrieve for you what Illinois Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky told Chris Hayes late last night, but the video wasn't posted on his site yet as I sat down to write. She said in essence: Of course, we all agree, fix the bill, build in an appeals process for individuals to challenge being put on the list. Given. In the meantime, actual dangerous people who deserve to be on that list can go buy assault weapons and mow down innocent people. Let's stop that first, then we'll fine-tune the bill.
What on earth is objectionable about that? Nothing. And anyway, the bill isn't going to pass even if Paul Ryan does allow a vote. But it would have the effect of calling the Republicans' bluff. That is, the standard Republican criticism of the bill has been precisely this civil-libertarian critique. So if the Democrats come to them en masse to say fine, we agree with you, let's find a way to build in a workable appeals process, and the Republicans still vote against the bill, they will stand exposed, and everyone will know that civil liberty concerns aren't what's driving GOP opposition. Fear of Wayne LaPierre is. We all know this already anyway, but if there is a vote and they still vote against it, we'll have proof.
Legislating is ugly business. The choices are usually between okay and not okay, or often between bad and much worse. You take what you can get. This is why the sit-in merits support and admiration (and if you really want to be a liberal who's on the opposite side of the great John Lewis, be my guest). This is very different from the civil rights actions of the 1950s. Then, activists had a country to persuade; they had to move the mountain of public opinion. And so activists in Birmingham settled on segregated buses as the target that would tangibly and visibly make segregation stark for white Americans outside the South. They bided their time, deliberately chose Rosa Parks as the woman to do it, and slowly won public opinion over to their side.
But here, the public doesn't have to be persuaded. It's 80 or 90 percent on the Democrats' side on guns. Even most NRA members support background checks, the subject of the other bill over which the Democrats staged their action. The boulder that has to be moved—or crushed—is the Republican Congress. So it's up to congressional Democrats to make that fight, and they have to do it with the imperfect implements at their disposal, which means particular pieces of legislation that are bound to be deficient in one way or another.
And they're finally making that fight. It was remarkable to see lawmakers holding those pieces of paper with the names of victims from Newtown and Orlando. That wasn't about watch lists. It was about the ongoing holocaust that the NRA and the Republicans are abetting. It was all the more remarkable for the fact that it was done in an election year, when everyone's supposed to be double-terrified of the NRA.
So the sit-in is ending as I write, on Thursday afternoon. But one of these days, the NRA will lose a vote. Two or three more Orlandos (which is of course two or three too many) will have the nation tearing its hair out. Democrats will finally stand firm, and enough Republicans from purple districts and states will defect. The stranglehold will end. And maybe in time, after LaPierre has gone off to whatever place eternity has reserved for him, the NRA will again become what it used to be, which is an organization that promotes reasonable Second Amendment rights but stops insisting that these death machines that were never intended to be in civilian hands deserve constitutional protection.
And when that time comes, historians will point to June 22, 2106 as the day the dam started to crack. I'm clear about which side I'm on.
Scientists from the University of Wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all.
The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue.
The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity, dramatically changing the capacity of male contraception, reports Science Alert.
Scientists from the University of Wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all
The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue
The Australian team behind the design, led by materials scientist Robert Gorkin, won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013, giving them access to US$100,000 to use on research.
'Our original idea was just to try to prove that an original material could replace latex,' Mr Gorkin said.
'We were starting from scratch, we had an idea that these new materials would have the same properties as rubber with a nicer feel, but we weren't sure if they had the right properties for a condom.'
'The early indications are that the materials are strong enough and actually do prevent against the transfer of small biological molecules,' he said.
Robert Gorkin, the leader of the research team responsible for the design, said: 'If you make them so pleasurable that people can't wait to put them on, then more people will use them'
The team won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013, giving them access to US$100,000 to use on research
Hydrogel has been around for decades, but it has risen to prominence in recent years, after being used in prosthetics for the likes of eye implants and blood vessels.
The researchers now plan to partner with Swinburne University of Technology in Melbourne to conduct biometric testing to measure the bodies response to the material.
'We'll be able to look at brain activity to see whether it really feels better than latex,' said Gorkin.
'If you make them so pleasurable that people can't wait to put them on, then more people will use them, and we can hopefully stop the spread of disease. It's as simple as that.'
Hydrogel (pictured) has been around for decades, but it has risen to prominence in recent years, after being used in prosthetics for the likes of eye implants and blood vessels
The researchers plan to conduct biometric testing to measure the bodies response to the material
Gorkin is hoping to design the product to accommodate for the around the cultural and social needs for birth control.
It all comes down to this. If the Toronto Marlies win, they head to the Calder Cup Finals for the second time in three years. Not just that, but do it with an entirely different core. Only six of these guys played in the 2011/12 run, and just Korbinian Holzer and Jerry D'Amigo played more than half the games. They'd go in with two sweeps, and and upset Game 7 victory against a team that appeared to be far and away the best in the league. Lose, and, well… they still greatly exceeded the pre-season expectations. Tonight, we saw the latter, as the Texas Stars scored four unanswered goals en route to a 6-2 victory, eliminating the blue and white.
In one of the least likely turns of events you'll see this year, Frazer McLaren opened the scoring for the Marlies, ripping a shot past Cristopher Nilstorp immediately after a faceoff and two minutes into the game. Toronto got an opportunity to establish themselves further with a powerplay shortly afterward, but couldn't set up. From there, it was all Texas, particularly when McLaren headed to the box for interference, but Drew MacIntyre kept the team afloat and ahead as the period came to a close.
Just thirty seconds into the second period, the Marlies pulled off another quick strike. This time, Peter Holland got to the front of the net in time to redirect a Spencer Abbott pass off of Scott Glennie and into the back of the net. It helped the momentum a little bit, but not entirely, and eventually, the wheels came off. Mike Hedden tipped a puck past MacIntyre with three minutes left in the period. Seconds later, Jerry D'Amigo was a bit over-eager to get the puck and ended up taking a hooking penalty. Fast forward the clock just a few seconds further, and before you could blink, Dustin Jeffrey had the game tying goal on his stick.
This lead to an all or nothing third period. The Marlies were the first to make a major mistake, as Andrew MacWilliam headed to the box for holding the stick. The Stars poured on the pressure, but couldn't capitalize, even as Toronto struggled to escape their own zone afterwards. Eventually, the wheels came off. Brett Ritchie potted his forth of the playoffs to give Texas the lead, and Matej Stransky broke in, wrapped around the net, and beat MacIntyre before you could blink your eye. With six minutes to go, Justin Dowling found himself wide open in the slot and further stretched the Stars' lead with a one timer. Toronto pulled their goalie, and Jeffrey intercepted a pass by Stuart Percy to pot an empty netter. That was it for the scoring; a couple of penalties and minor moments went down, but the series ended with that.
Other Notes
If Drew MacIntyre played like this for the Maple Leafs, there would be serious discussions about a statue being built outside the ACC. More dominance out of him early in the game, eventually stopping 44 of 49 shots. Both of Texas' second period goals were from close range and high percentage areas, so it's hard to fault him for them. You could point a bit of a finger at him for the third period goals, but he didn't get much defensive help on those either.
Frazer McLaren hasn't been dominant by any means, but he's looked like a half decent hockey player during these playoffs. You forget that enforcers have some hockey skill in them when you tell them to play hockey, even if it's not top-end.
Peter Holland contributed a point in 10 of his 11 games in these playoffs. It's a big statement for him, as he tries to prove he's ready for the big club.
Texas' first two goals came 49 seconds apart, the third and forth had just seventeen seconds between them, and the fifth and sixth came 32 apart. The third pair is a bit meaningless Needless to say, Toronto didn't react well to getting scored on tonight.
Texas will take on the St. John's IceCaps. At least one doesn't have to deal with the already forced in the regular season “FORMER ST. JOHNS VS CURRENT ST JOHNS” story. It's been tiring for years, though at least a finals matchup would have created a legit reason for these teams to face each other as often as they do.
If Texas wins in the finals, it will be three straight years that Toronto loses to the Championship Winner.
Photo courtesy of @TexasStars
Could Superman join "The Avengers" because of this secret, recurring Easter egg within the Marvel universe?
As early as 1976, Clark Kent -- aka Superman -- has been hiding within the Marvel universe as a reporter with a penchant for covering superheroes at a "great Metropolitan newspaper." This despite being the property of comic rival DC Comics, where Clark Kent is known for his journalism at the Metropolis news organization, The Daily Planet.
Marvel and DC have teamed up a few times and even inserted a super soldier character named Clark Kent into a Captain America plotline. But this Clark Kent as reporter was never made official in Marvel comics.
The Huffington Post spoke with the Marvel comic book writer who introduced the homage, Chris Claremont, to find out how the idea came to be. Additionally, John Byrne, one of the original artists of Marvel's Clark Kent, explained that it seems this all just started as a "goof."
So how did "Superman" end up in Marvel comics?
As fansite The Appendix to the Handbook of The Marvel Universe has extensively addressed, a Clark Kent character has appeared in some form or another over a dozen times within the Marvel universe, but it all starts with Claremont.
He explained that Kent's appearances were meant as a "sight gag" and that, along with artists Dave Cockrum and John Byrne, he simply thought it'd be funny. An official crossover between the two companies would have been "inappropriate," but just as they'd snuck-in other gags, the Clark Kent joke was simple enough to be acceptable and served a larger purpose of adding a sense of levity to tense dramatic action.
"We wanted to hold on to the fact we're not total stiffs, we like having fun with it," said Claremont.
Clark Kent's appearance is essentially a running joke or "spitball" shot at DC.
Byrne would go on to draw for the Superman franchise after inserting these little jokes. The homage was all just playful fun, or as Claremont explained, a sort of "spitball":
There were a body of rules, we couldn't cross over, we couldn't team up easily, officially. But we were all young punks in those days. No one says anything about throwing spitballs and occasionally they would turn into really fun little moments of storytelling. So, it all starts basically with, "Hey, wouldn't this be cool."
They didn't receive negative comments from DC, but, according to Claremont, he and his co-workers did make sure to never cross the line with the rival company's lawyers.
"In the case of a character like this, if you put too much focus on it, it's not a joke anymore and then you run the risk of ... goodness knows what kind of response mechanism with lawyers and what have you," said Claremont. "In both instances, now you're dealing with, what, 10 to 12 figure corporate structures."
The details were just discreet enough to avoid copyright infringement.
Both Clark Kent and Peter Parker appear in an image.
Neither of the original creators of Superman, Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, reached out about the homage to Claremont and only "over poker" with some guys from DC did it ever get mentioned.
Claremont explained the reasoning behind avoiding confrontation, noting that "civilians in the background" were "not quite as seriously trademarked or tracked as they might be today." DC was the "competition," but the corporations were smaller at the time and it was possible to get away with this kind of thing.
"We just did it as a -- for lack of a better term -- a giggle," said Claremont. "And the trick was to make the character visually recognizable to the intended viewer, but not actually label them properly so the legal department wouldn't get their noses bent out of shape."
Claremont said that if he had the reins for a Superman comic, he "would not be amiss" to put a "young photographer from the Big Apple" into the scene. In those days there was just more freedom from these corporations' lawyers.
Is Clark Kent any good as a reporter in the Marvel universe?
According to their in-depth analysis of Clark Kent's appearances, the aforementioned fansite about the Marvel universe concluded that Kent's powers and abilities include his work as "a capable newspaper reporter and television journalist."
A savvy reporter in the Marvel universe, Kent is often seen on television or liaising with high-level executives, such as the once editor-in-chief of The Daily Bugle, Joe Robertson.
Of course, going too deep into this Clark Kent's reporting abilities sort of kills the joke and the purpose of his inclusion. Claremont said, "He's a reporter for a great Metropolitan newspaper. If we ever described him, that was the way we described him. Which Metropolitan, we don't know. Which newspaper? Who knows."
The most recent known appearance of Clark Kent in the Marvel universe occurred in 2006, in an issue of "Fantastic Four" where Kent was seen at a crash site in Oklahoma.
As this has gone unknown so long by the general public, it seems the "Clark Kent disguise" must actually be better than anyone thought.
So, how did this go unnoticed for so long? Surely the Man of Steel shouldn't have been so hard to miss. Part of it was that this was just a joke amongst friends at Marvel, not trying to make this so overt that they got into legal trouble. As Claremont said, there was no way this secret character could have had a true narrative evolution or too much involvement in the script at least "just to avoid giant corporate fists coming down on our heads."
But the inclusion was certainly made for the fans, at least those who were the closest readers. Claremont explained his philosophy for his comic creation as a whole and how Clark Kent fits into his goals as a writer:
The idea was that we established characters and stories along a baseline that was exciting for readers of all sensibilities and ages, but if you were a little more hip, a little more aware, a little more on the ball, you could spot the various visual tropes that we were presenting and realize that perhaps we were suggesting something deeper.
Along with Claremont, artists Cockrum and Byrne were creating for both the casual and the super-fan in the early days of Marvel. If you knew how and where to look for something that came and went faster than a speeding bullet, you might just have caught a young reporter steel a scene every once in a while.
A veteran New Orleans Police Department officer is accused of slamming his girlfriend's head into a police vehicle while in uniform on Christmas Eve (Dec. 24), according to a warrant for his arrest.
Robert Dees Jr., 34, was arrested at 3 p.m. Christmas Eve and booked on a count of domestic abuse battery, the warrant states. Court records show he posted a $350 bond Christmas Day and is scheduled to appear again in court Jan. 22.
According to the warrant, Dees was in uniform when three witnesses said they saw him slam his girlfriend against a wall in the 7th Ward, "then slammed her head against the police unit." The woman sustained minor lacerations on her arm, toe and mouth, the warrant states.
Dees, a 13-year veteran at the police department, was placed on emergency suspension following the battery allegation, NOPD confirmed Thursday night. The suspension was first reported by WWL-TV.
His attorney, Donovan Livaccari, said Thursday night he is "sure Officer Dees will be cleared" upon completion of an investigation.
In a statement Thursday, the police department noted Dees was arrested "by the Public Integrity Bureau."
"Allegations of domestic abuse are taken very seriously by NOPD and are investigated thoroughly," the statement read.
A booking photo for Dees was not immediately available Friday morning.
The Anti-Defamation League (ADL) called out Donald Trump Jr. on Twitter Thursday for making what it called “Holocaust jokes.”
The Republican presidential nominee's son referenced gas chambers in a Philadelphia radio interview Wednesday when he said the media has been protecting Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee as they tried to force Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders out of the primary race earlier this year.
“The media has been her number one surrogate in this. Without the media, this wouldn't even be a contest, but the media has built her up,” Trump said. “They've let her slide on every indiscrepancy, on every lie, on every DNC game trying to get Bernie Sanders out of this thing. If Republicans were doing that, they'd be warming up the gas chamber right now.”
The Jewish civil rights group responded by tweeting that it hopes Trump retracts his statement.
The Trump son was also recently under fire for posting an image on Instagram that featured himself, his father and other Republicans alongside “Pepe the Frog” — a symbol of the alt-right movement.
Clinton's campaign was quick to jump on the younger Trump's comments. Clinton's director of Jewish outreach Sarah Bard said they showed “just how insensitive, divisive and reckless the Trump campaign is.”
“The bottom line is this: offensive references to the Holocaust are never acceptable, especially from a presidential campaign,” Bard said in a statement.
The Trump campaign said Thursday the candidate's son was not making a reference to the Holocaust.
“Don Jr. was clearly referring to capital punishment to make the case that the media continues to take words out of context in order to serve as the propaganda arm of the Hillary Clinton campaign — something that's only gotten worse than Trump's poll numbers have improved,” Jason Miller, the campaign's senior communications adviser, said in a statement.
Write to Abigail Abrams at abigail.abrams@time.com.
Rebbetzin Chana Henkin, the mother of Eitam Henkin – who was murdered with his wife, Naama, in a terrorist attack last Thursday – spoke with Ynet and Yedioth Ahronoth this week about the last family gathering and the moments just after the attack.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
On Thursday, the Henkin family got together at Eitam and Naama's sukka in the settlement of Neria. Nothing forebode the terrible tragedy that would take place a couple of hours later, leaving behind a stricken family.
The Henkins and children
"I remember we ate and laughed," said Henkin. "Eitam and Naama cooked and baked, there were hot dogs and chicken breasts, and for dessert they prepared a cake. That's what every family does during Chol Hamoed" recounted Rebbetzin Henkin. "We really enjoyed ourselves, we said goodbye at around four o'clock. We went to Jerusalem, and Eitam, Naama and the children went to meet friends in Elon Moreh," she said.
"It's is an extraordinary group, which has kept in touch from the age of 15 or 16, although each has gone on his own direction," she said. "They always made sure to meet up once in a while."
But at 9pm, as they were heading back home, their car was struck by fire from a passing vehicle. Eitam and Naama were gunned down, and the four children – Matan, 9, Nitzan, 7, Neta, 4, and Itamar, 9 months old – some of whom witnessed the horror, were not wounded. "These kids were there," said Henkin. "Some were asleep but others remember."
Henkin, founder and head of Nishmat Center for Advanced Torah Study for Women and considered one of the trailblazers of women studying Torah, has difficulty remembering the moment when she received the gut-wrenching news of the attack. "I was in Jerusalem when they called me," she said in a trembling voice.
She immediately went to pick up Hila Armoni, Naama's mother, and took the children to Itamar and from there to her house in Peduel. It was clear that the two grandmothers would hug the children and try to give them the appropriate treatment.
The children's testimony as to the horrifying incident is still disorganized. Channah said that "what they say cannot be understood. The injustice done to these children will only come out in the coming years. This is not living without a father and mother for one day, two days, a week or two. They will not see their parents for their whole lives."
As for children, she added: "We immediately realized that the children need serious and dedicated care. They have become the children of all of us, the children of Israel.
"We have been having family meetings about raising them and are trying to find the best way to watch over them and raise them as Eitam and Naama would have liked," she said. "They are smart kids who understand what is happening around them. However, we are here."
She understands what the future holds for her grandchildren. "Little Itamar will not remember the months in which his parents rocked him to calm him when he cried," she said. "Nata might remember a bit, as well as Nitzan and Matan. But we're here to raise them as closely as possible to how their parents would have raised them. I want to emphasize that we have suffered a huge loss. Israel also lost very significant figures, "said the grandmother. "We are not in favor of personal vengeance, but demand that the government provide security for its citizens."
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The founder of virtual world Second Life sought to reassure U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday that the online community is able to police itself.
An Avatar flies through a Second Life world in a handout photo. RUETERS/Linden Labs/Handout
Second Life founder Philip Rosedale and a handful of other virtual reality experts, testified at a House of Representatives hearing that was also attended by on-line personas, or avatars, portrayed on a video screen in the hearing room.
“It is likely that virtual world activities are somewhat more policeable and the law somewhat more maintainable within virtual worlds,” said Rosedale, chief executive of Linden Lab, the company that runs Second Life.
Some lawmakers raised questions about what operators of virtual worlds are doing to stop them being used to stage real-world crimes such as terrorism, money-laundering and the exploitation of children.
“I am not advocating censorship. But I am asking what we can to make certain that these glorious tools are not ... changed into tools that facilitate the use of terror attacks on innocent civilians around the world,” said Democratic Rep. Jane Harman, of California.
Harman cited a British newspaper report last year saying that Islamic extremists were suspected of using Second Life to recruit and mimic real-life terrorism.
“We have never seen any evidence that there is any such activity going on,” Rosedale told the House Energy and Commerce subcommittee on telecommunications.
Second Life is an online community with several hundred thousand users who create their own avatar identities and can fly around the virtual world at will.
In addition to entertainment, Second Life has created its own currency — the Linden dollar which can be converted to U.S. dollars — in an active marketplace which supports millions of dollars in monthly transactions.
Lawmakers on the panel said the hearing was held for informational purposes and no legislation is planned. Rosedale, appearing in both physical and avatar form, outlined steps the company takes to “discourage and prevent illegal activity.”
He said gambling is banned and financial transactions are closely monitored. Teenagers are restricted to a separate teenage-only version of Second Life, he told them.
“The virtual world has a degree of accountability ... and traceability which actually in many ways is better than the real world,” Rosedale said.
On the video screen in the hearing room were about two dozen avatars from Second Life. They sat quietly, while their comments were displayed at the bottom of the screen.
At least two of the avatars had wings. A third turned into a giant bumble bee as the hearing ended.
Also on the screen was an avatar representing Rep. Edward Markey, the Massachusetts Democrat who chairs the subcommittee.
Rosedale and other experts said virtual reality was the next step in the evolution of the Internet.
“Virtual worlds and spaces are quickly becoming powerful tools with the potential to transform enterprise and government processes by increasing top line and bottom line growth, improving efficiency and productivity, and augmenting our ability to innovate and spur entrepreneurial growth,” IBM vice president Colin Parris told the panel.
“I don't know you,” Nick Broadhead of Wirral Wellbeing Campus says, “but I'm fairly certain you'll have learnt Pythagoras' Theorem in school, but you won't have been taught how to manage stress.
“Part of the problem is I very much doubt that you've been contacted since you left your educational establishment to see whether they felt they'd prepared you for life. Your secondary school will have prepared you for university and would have been paid for that.”
That strikes a real chord with us. We were only discussing this the other week with friends; how we were taught the ins and outs of photosynthesis but nothing about tax and banking systems, and very little on approaches to parenthood.
Nick's an Occupational Therapist specialising in mental health issues, and, with his colleague, Kate Platt, Campus Co-ordinator, they run the site at Bentinck Street, Birkenhead. The pair have dedicated themselves to helping people suffering from various forms of mental illness, and are educating them on the causes and providing management techniques.
We're deep in conversation with Nick on the education issue and the schools comment has lit a fire. Surely the education system should be doing more at an earlier age? “Absolutely,” Nick says. “The 7-11 breathing technique for instance; if you want to relax you breathe in for less time than you breathe out.
“They could teach that at schools, it takes a minute to learn and it's a useful technique for helping to relax and sleep. Power posing and body language; standing in a power pose for two minutes can help significantly neurologically. It's not hard to explain or understand but nobody's teaching it.”
Learning to fly
The Wellbeing Campus has been going for a year and has a weekly programme of differing events to help people socialise. These are complemented by education sessions to improve mental wellbeing and develop personal support strategies for the long-term, instead of relying on what can be viewed as short-term solutions offered by medication.
“The Skills Funding Agency which is a department for the Department of Business, Innovation and Skills decided to put some money into seeing the effects of an alternative approach to mental health other than more medicine-based solutions,” Nick tells us.
“They put some money into 80 different pilot schemes across the country to see the effects of an educational approach to support people with common mental health issues such as anxiety, depression, post-natal depression, post-traumatic stress, phobias, OCD and more. They wanted to see if it would be as effective as going to a GP and being put on medication.”
We can see its effectiveness first-hand. We're sat in the sun in a well-tended garden full of fruit and veg, created from participants of the Campus' gardening lessons and course. Upstairs an art class is in full swing led by tutor Mark where a lady painting a green man says “I come here for the art. It's brilliant, it's the best form of therapy.”
A man who has had problems with anxiety adds “I was a cabbage. Bad. A recluse. I've made new friends and the mindfulness techniques here are great; it makes sense to me what they're teaching.”
Amazingly the Wellbeing Campus and the work it's doing may not have existed at all if different boxes were ticked on the official forms. “Lifelong Learning, the council's education arm, and AIW Health joined up together as a partnership and submitted a bid for us to become one of those pilots, and here we are. We set up last August,” says Nick.
“It's very interesting that funding was from the Skills Funding Agency. If it was health that had funded us, they may have insisted that people enter the health system. Because we're education-focused and funded [the issues we deal with are] looked at from a slightly different angle; I don't think we'd exist if we had to go down the health route.”
Damned statistics
We could talk to Nick all day about mental health. There are stories daily in the media offering totally differing and new viewpoints and statistics. Depression can lead to a 42 per cent pay gap, apparently, while over a third of female students in the UK are suffering from mental health issues.
Most worryingly, according to statistics from the Mental Health Foundation, nearly six per cent of adults over 16 have attempted suicide because of a link with mental illness. Despite the sheer size of the mental health spectrum, though, and the diversity of people's experiences the NHS is sadly well behind when it comes to mental health funding.
We know that from personal experience. Most consultations feel, at best, like shots in the dark. However down you are at any given time, there's little more depressing than hearing that you may have to wait upward of two years for an NHS mental assessment; that the help may be there but it's so far from your reach. For children that wait may be as high as three years.
So the Campus' approach to education is a very intriguing one. Nick's adamant education is essential for mental wellbeing: “I'm an occupational therapist with a big background in mental health. I've always hated the medicalisation of mental illness.
“What we do is provide some basic education around what mental health and mental wellbeing is, education around how to manage stress and anxiety, how to develop your self-esteem and self-confidence, and – importantly – how to have some self-compassion because people tend to beat themselves up if they feel they aren't performing well.
“We also help people set goals for themselves and show how they can motivate themselves. We provide education around how you can keep yourself well. Once people have learned something then they can have a look at what might be going wrong and have the skills available to put things right.”
The Campus' support network is also essential to the educational and social work they're providing. Nick uses Liverpool's famous Dr. Duncan as an analogy, pointing out how he had to pester the council to improve living conditions in the fight against cholera.
“I think it's the same analogy now; CBT might help people get better, but if you're sending them back to isolation and not helping their overall living conditions then what's the point? There needs to be more done in a lifestyle sense medically in battling mental health. We offer that and a support system in helping people keep well in the long-term.
“Two things that happen in common with people suffering from a mental illness are that they'll drop out of their social network and become socially isolated. When people are socially isolated they start to develop problems because it becomes harder for them to check and validate their thoughts.
“The other big issue with mental health is that you stop doing things that are fun. They become tasks. Your life becomes ‘I've got to get this done and do the ironing and pick up the kids' and you stop enjoying life.”
The power of perception
The Wellbeing Campus' range of social activities is helping to reintroduce fun and activity back into sufferers' lives as well as education. Kate couldn't be more proud of the work that the team's doing in Birkenhead.
“I love what we do, it feels great. We've had learners come who couldn't leave their houses, and they've totally transformed themselves.
“We've helped people return to work and who have started volunteering. They wouldn't have entertained a job application previously because of the depth of their anxiety but are now confident and actively seeking work. It's lovely to see the differences in people. That people are meeting up socially outside of here is a huge achievement.
“We do what people tell us they want to do. Some have mentioned they'd like to write so we're trying that in a few weeks' time. Some people laugh and tell us they haven't done that in a while. We're a lovely environment and a non-judgemental safe place.”
“When they come here they come out of themselves, build confidence and you can see the change in people,” Nick adds. “It's so exciting on a personal level to see people say ‘I get it, I understand that now'. It's a reasonable level of education we're giving people even though it's quite condensed, but there are opportunities to read further, learn more and ask questions.
“This week we've started a ‘Food for Mood' cookery course which lasts for six weeks. We've got art going on all the time and yoga and gardening. For the last few weeks we've also had drumming sessions and pallet furniture building. We do a whole range of activities that are fun.
“The education sessions aren't overwhelming and have approximately five people in them. They aren't counselling sessions, but teaching in a structured, informal way. Our tutors can pass on theory-based lessons about, for example, the causes of stress and depression, but what is really powerful is hearing other people describe how they have coped.
“Often people feel totally isolated and that they are the only ones with this condition, so to hear from someone else that they are feeling the same and finding a positive way forward is incredibly uplifting and empowering.”
Nick and Kate, as well as helping people identify their own personal causes and effects of mental illness, also have to work hard to attract funding to the project. It's entering a crucial stage; the Campus is still effectively in ‘project' territory, and others across the UK are being culled. A declaration of the government's attitude toward mental health funding, perhaps…
“One in four people experience a common mental health problem. Quite often that manifests itself in massive anxiety. We deal with people who have got to a stage where they haven't left the house in six or seven years and have become socially isolated,” says Nick.
“The original pilots were for a year. The SFA has now called us a research project but numbers have fallen UK-wide; I think there are only about 60 of us now.
“We're unique from the others in that we offer education and link it in with wellbeing stuff, and we have our own premises. While other research projects are changing, I'm hopeful we'll be given the go-ahead to carry on doing our own thing.
“We're also looking for additional funding to help sustain us. It seems to me that this is well worth funding in our present format. People are coming from Inclusion Matters who offer CBT and more; they sometimes have to face eight month waiting lists. We're here for people who simply can't wait that long.”
It would be fantastic for such a well-meaning wellbeing project to attract more support and funding so Nick, Kate and their tutors can carry on improving and educating the local community about mental health to anybody and everybody who needs it.
Nick hopes so, too. “We've really risen to the challenge. We're open Monday-Thursday but would love to use the premises 24-7. We're also introducing a Skype project and have started setting up conversations with people; the idea being that if you're awake and can't sleep there'll be someone awake somewhere else in the world who can talk to them and help.
“We do some sessions outside here, too. We don't have a crèche for instance, so for mums experiencing post-natal depression we can support them from our posts in Bebington and Leasowe. We get out there and pass on our experience and knowledge of mental health education.
“Accessing the Campus is really easy, just ring or text 07599 872911 and someone will contact you to tell you what's on and how to join in and, because we are fully funded, it is free for all learners.”
Click here to call Wirral Wellbeing Campus
The FreeBSD project has now officially released version 9.1 of the BSD Unix derived operating system. At the same time, the project's 2012 fund raising initiative blew past its $500,000 goal and is currently sitting at $684,905 raised; over $250,000 of that appears to have come from an anonymous donor.
FreeBSD 9.1 is the first point update of the FreeBSD 9.x branch; FreeBSD 9.0 was released in January 2012. The update is predominantly about improving the stability and performance of the operating system. It does, though, introduce a number of features such as a new Intel GPU driver with GEM/KMS memory management support, the netmap packet I/O framework, improvements from the Illumos project for ZFS and a disk and processor device emulation subsystem, CTL (CAM Target Layer).
Other additions include mounting support for devfs, nullfs, zfs and configuration file support in FreeBSD jails, extended locale support and kernel support for the AVX FPU extensions. KDE has been updated to version 4.8.4 and the LLVM compiler infrastructure and Clang compiler have been updated to version 3.1. A new C++ stack has been included wth C++11 support in libc++. Tmpfs has also been promoted and is no longer an experimental implementation.
Hardware drivers added include oce and sfxge (drivers for 10Gb Ethernet cards such as the Emulex OneConnect and cards based on the SolarFlare SFC9000 controller), a paravirtualised Xen backend driver and a Highpoint RocketRaid 27xx driver. For a detailed list of changes, updates and major bug fixes in 9.1, refer to the release notes and the errata which also lists security advisories addressed in the release.
FreeBSD 9.1 is available for 64-bit and 32-bit x86 systems, ia64, PowerPC and PowerPC64 systems, and 64-bit SPARC systems and can be downloaded from the project's servers and mirror sites or purchased on CD or DVD. An installation guide gives more details on what media is needed. FreeBSD is published under a 2-clause BSD licence.
(djwm)
Calling all fans of The Family: We would like to apologize, on behalf of ABC, for the ultimate knife-twist that you just experienced.
Not only was the freshman thriller axed last Thursday, as part of the Alphabet Net's massive cancellation spree, but Sunday's episode — now a series finale — left viewers with a whole slew of cliffhangers, never to be resolved.
Claire, still reeling from the knowledge that Ben may have murdered her son, spent the better part of the hour revisiting the bunker where Adam and Ben were kept — at which point she realized that the boys were treated like animals down in that hole. If Ben eventually turned into one himself, and it prompted him to either hurt or kill Adam, how can Claire and the rest of the Warrens fault him when he was just trying to survive?
But just when Claire and Willa decided to accept Ben for who he really is, and the Warrens seemed to find peace for the first time in a while — well, with the exception of Danny, who left town when Willa informed him there was an impostor living under their roof — Ben received a phone call from the real Adam: alive and well and on a mission to get his life back from the boy that stole it.
Other developments in the crucial hour: After turning in her cover story on the Warrens and quitting her job at the Red Pines Gazette, Bridey was revealed to be dead — and though we never saw who killed her, it's strongly hinted that Willa had something to do with it; Nina finally, finally located her missing colleague (at last, a victory!); and Hank, no longer receiving the injections that suppress his pedophilic habits, just barely resisted the urge to violate a young boy that he drove home from the park.
Oh, and that entry on our May Sweeps Scorecard involving a character getting shot in the penis? That would be Doug, who, just before getting apprehended by the police, received a bullet to the groin, courtesy of Adam.
Mere hours before The Family‘s cancellation was announced, TVLine caught up with showrunner Jenna Bans, who broke down the biggest moments of the finale and shared what would have unfolded in a possible second season. Read on for her insights.
TVLINE | You've said before that when you pitched the series to ABC, you already knew how it would end, including that Adam would still be alive. Tell me why you felt this reveal was the best way to end the season — and was there ever a time when you didn't plan to “resurrect” Adam?
[Bringing Adam back] was always part of the pitch, and it was always a way for me to give the series longevity and not just make it about this central mystery. That was important to both ABC and me — when you're pitching a series, you want to have more in mind than just the first 13 episodes. A big part of the show, moving forward, is having Adam out there and having these two boys circling each other, with both of them being in the family's life. I'm trying to remember if we ever had second thoughts about [resurrecting Adam]. In the writers' room, we probably had second thoughts about when to reveal it. It was on the board an episode earlier, and we were going to jump forward in time in the season finale. But with a twist like that, it's hard not to leave it until the final moments.
TVLINE | And when Ben picks up the phone to hear Adam on the other line, it's the first time in a while the family has seemed OK-ish.
Yes, absolutely. They've come, emotionally, to this place of accepting Ben. I love what Claire says when she comes back from this experience in the bunker, which is that he was treated like an animal down there, and we can't really judge. It's not his fault if he turned into one. Claire and Willa both hear that, and they're looking at Ben like he's a survivor of this horrible trauma, too. They're going to accept him into their lives no matter what really happened, and they are at this peace. Claire has won governor, everyone's on board — it really feels like the family has had this victory, both emotionally and politically. And then that phone call comes, which is clearly going to shatter everything, moving forward.
We always knew we wanted to end it on Claire's question — “Who was it, honey?” — and then abruptly cut to black. I love her face, so full of love and happy and calm. There's no stress on her back right now, and it's one of the few moments we see that in the series. There's this irony of Claire just making pancakes and washing dishes, and she has no idea what's about to happen — that's what we were going for.
TVLINE | Now that Adam is back in the picture, how will the show evolve in a possible Season 2?
The tone of the show will always be a fast-paced, twisty-turny thriller, in a way that doesn't hold answers back from the audience. We'll have a lot more going on next season, which is why I'm really excited. We'll still have our flashbacks, but they're going to be telling a very different story in Season 2. They won't be surrounding the time of the disappearance. We're going to have a riveting murder mystery going on, because as you see at the end of the season finale, Bridey has been murdered, and it heavily implicated Willa. You'll see in Season 2 that that answer isn't so clear-cut. A lot of the flashbacks will revolve around Bridey, and I said to Floriana [Lima, who plays her], when we made the decision to go this way, that this is the one show where you might actually have a bigger part, having been killed off. [Laughs] We do take place in more than one time period. She was excited about that. She's definitely not off the show, and we have some good stuff coming up with her. And, of course, we have the Adam storyline. He's out there, and it won't be late into the season that he makes his reappearance into the family…. The season opener will begin with Claire seeing the real Adam. We're not going to wait. It basically happens in the teaser. [Laughs] We have this great, dramatic way of opening. It will be in the first two minutes of the show.
TVLINE | Speaking of Bridey, why did you decide to kill her off, given how integral a role she played in Season 1?
We had gotten to the end of the season, and we realized, “Wow, this reporter has all of the cards.” So we went down two paths. One path was that we could keep her out there — Willa makes this offer to her in the finale that if she keeps her mouth shut and doesn't publish the story, she will basically have all access, all the time, to what goes on in the governor's mansion. We did go down that storyline and looked at what that would be, and for me, it was our biggest struggle to tell fun, organic Season 2 stories with Bridey. We had so much going on with all of the other stories.
Then we said, “What if we killed her off, but she's not off the show? And we showed next season how she was into way more things than we thought she was into, in terms of her investigative reporting?” That option became all the more interesting for us, because A) it gave us a lot of stories, but B) it also gave the character more to do, ironically, in death. We thought about how to best serve this character that we all really like, and it's so hard when you have so many storylines going on. We really wanted to find a cool way to use her, and we realized flashbacks would be a better way to explore everything we thought we knew about this character next season, because we didn't know everything.
TVLINE | Flashbacks played a really big part in showing us the Ben/Adam relationship this season, and we saw quite a few flashbacks indicating Adam was either very sick or possibly dead. Did you want to leave room for the audience to suspect Adam was still alive?
It's a fine, fine line to walk. We didn't want to cheat the audience in terms of showing a fake death. We really didn't show him die. If you look back in Episode 7, their escape route in this tunnel is foiled, and then in the next flashback, Adam is lying there all sweaty, and Ben is helpless and doesn't know what to do. And then in the finale, you actually see the injury that happens and the escape attempt and that Ben doesn't help him in the moment Adam needs him most. You see how that injury has occurred, but you still don't see him actually stop breathing. You just see Ben on the ground, staring at this wound, and then Doug comes down and says, “I did everything I could.” Savvy audience members were probably going, “Wait, we didn't see him actually die. We didn't see a burial.” Fans out there are definitely guessing, but at the same time, you want to lean as much as possible into the idea that he's gone, because you don't want to ruin that cliffhanger. I'm hoping we delivered a finale where, even if the fans know [Adam's return] might be coming, it's still satisfying for them to see how and when it happened.
TVLINE | The last couple of episodes have laid the groundwork for Hank to revisit some of his old habits, since he hasn't been getting his injections. And, of course, we see him get very tempted by a young boy in this finale. Why did you want to have Hank backslide a bit?
The thing that's really interesting about Hank is he's determined to distinguish himself from Doug, from the monster that actually took Adam. Here's the man that has been blamed and incarcerated for what happened to Adam, and he didn't do it, but he's still not a saint. He's still a pedophile, and we didn't want to shy away from that. While people do have overwhelming sympathy for him — and I love that, because I do, too — we wanted to make it more complicated than that. We wanted to say to the audience, “Listen, this is a guy who struggles with this, and it is a problem, and he has a very, very hard time fixing it.”
RELATEDGalavant Headed for the Stage Following Cancellation at ABC
The storyline in the finale — it's the ultimate temptation for Hank. He's off his meds, and this quest to exonerate himself for the crime — in terms of helping Nina solve it and being publicly praised for it — has all gone awry. Going into the finale, Hank's like, “Screw it. If everyone thinks I'm a monster, I'm going to be a monster.” And he runs into this kid and does the worst possible thing he can do, which is drive him home. He doesn't offer; all those moments were so carefully crafted. We were like, “Should he offer? No, the kid has to ask!” And then it's bad enough that he agrees, but there's this moment where he's looking at the kid in the car, and we fully realize that this isn't just a light yearning for this man. This is who he is, and he hates himself for it, and we hate him for it. We're so relieved when he says, “Get out of the car.” The conversation with John [which happens later in the episode] is really about Hank needing to prove to John that he's not Doug. They've been looking at Hank like he did it, and he really wants to draw the difference between wanting things and taking them. That's what Hank ultimately tells himself every morning in the mirror, and that's how he gets up and lives with himself as a person. He thinks, “I don't take it. Even though I'm broken in this way, I am not the monster that other people are.” We wanted to serve the complexity of the character and not shy away from it, but at the same time, really show that there is a difference between him and Doug. It had been building all season as he's been looked at by this family as “just the guy that took Adam.”
TVLINE | I found it so interesting that, upon Doug getting taken in by the police, John chooses to celebrate with Hank, of all people.
I love the idea that John founds out they got the guy, and he thought that would be the answer. He thought that would make him feel better, and it just doesn't. He goes over to Hank's house because he needs to know how it happened. He needs to have some closure, and even though the guy's in the hospital with his penis shot off — [laughs] — it still doesn't make John feel better about what happened to his son. He turns to the most unlikely source for closure, and the two of them are always really interesting together. We had fun with that scene.
What did you think of The Family‘s finale? Grade the episode in our poll below, then hit the comments to back up your choice!
Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren dismissed Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's vow this weekend to not allow a confirmation for a Supreme Court justice replacement this year. | Getty Democrats assail McConnell over Scalia successor Schumer and Warren brand the Senate Republican leader as an obstructionist.
Leading Senate Democrats pounced on Mitch McConnell's vows to bar a replacement for deceased Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia on Sunday, arguing that Republicans will be damaged politically by appearing to invalidate the last 11 months of President Barack Obama's presidency.
After spending much of Saturday evening standing behind Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid's calls for Senate Majority Leader McConnell to take up a nominee, Democratic Sens. Chuck Schumer of New York and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts unleashed a torrent of attacks on McConnell as an obstructionist who could pay dearly for his plan to ignore whoever Obama sends over in the next year.
Story Continued Below
In an interview on ABC's “This Week,” Schumer predicted that McConnell will fold due to divisions in his own conference. No Senate Republicans have yet broken with McConnell, but Democrats believe his vulnerable lawmakers up for reelection this year may begin feeling political heat if they stand with leading GOP presidential contenders and congressional leadership in the way of a new justice being considered for confirmation.
McConnell "doesn't even know who the president is going to propose. And he says, ‘No, we're not having hearings, we're not going to go forward. [Leaving] the Supreme Court vacant for 300 days in a divided time? This kind of obstructionism isn't going to last,” Schumer said.
“The American people don't like this obstructionism ... a lot of the mainstream Republicans are going to say: ‘I may not follow this.'”
Warren also went hard at McConnell, using against him his own Saturday comments that the “American people should have a voice” in Scalia's replacement.
“In fact, they did — when President Obama won the 2012 election by five million votes,” Warren said in a statement. “Article II Section 2 of the Constitution says the President of the United States nominates justices to the Supreme Court, with the advice and consent of the Senate. I can't find a clause that says '... except when there's a year left in the term of a Democratic president.'”
Still, McConnell is merely playing out what his party is demanding of him. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) said on Sunday that he will filibuster a nominee no matter who it is, and other leading presidential candidates have either deferred to McConnell or stated that the vacancy should wait until the next president.
Should McConnell have proceeded with a different tactic, he'd have created an internal war within the party. By stating the vacancy should be filled by the next president, he's likely to get backing from most, if not all, of his Senate Republican members, as well as conservative groups like Heritage Action.
Obama said Saturday he will send a nomination to the Senate, and Schumer predicted it will be a nominee designed to get Republican votes rather than a very liberal appointee. A senior Republican said Sunday morning that McConnell is not demanding that the president avoid nominating a replacement for Scalia, but instead speaking to his own plans as majority leader.
“He didn't say [the president] doesn't have the authority to nominate anyone, so I think they're talking about something that didn't happen,” the GOP aide said.
Democrats argue that, in actuality, McConnell and Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) are telegraphing plans to delay a Supreme Court confirmation for even longer than it appears. Once a new president assumes office in 2017, it will take time for a nomination to be sent to the Senate, and then take weeks for the Senate to take up the nomination and process it.
It could easily be 13 or 14 months before the Supreme Court has its full slate of nine justices again, Democrats said.
“What they're saying is something that we've never heard” before, Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, said in an interview on Saturday night. “It does not pass the laugh test.”
On Sunday on CNN, Leahy added that if Republicans don't change direction it “is going to guarantee they lose control of the Senate.”
In 2013, Democrats went out of their way to preserve their own sway over the process should a Supreme Court vacancy ever occur, leaving the confirmation threshold at 60 votes after changing it to a simple majority for all other presidential nominees. Should McConnell hold the Senate and a Republican win the White House this fall, Democrats will be able to block a more conservative, anti-abortion justice.
New Orleans Saints 2011 schedule:
at Green Bay, Thursday: All games count as one, but this one will have the hype and feel of more than that as the NFL showcases the last two Super Bowl champions. The Saints' defense must contend, right out of the gate, with a super offense led by quarterback Aaron Rodgers and boasting perhaps a resurgent running game with the return of Ryan Grant.
vs. Chicago, Sept. 18: The Bears went to the NFC championship game last season but few are expecting them to repeat that run. Which means this is a conference game the Saints must win, particularly if they are coming off a loss in the opener. New Orleans will have plenty of time to prepare, given Green Bay is a Thursday night game.
vs. Houston, Sept. 25: The Texans and the Saints meet in a rematch of the week 2 preseason game Houston won easily. The Texans boast a top-notch offense led by quarterback Matt Schaub, running back Arian Foster and perhaps the game's best wide receiver, Andre Johnson. The Texans have playoff aspirations, too, and thus this game should prove an important hinge for both teams.
at Jacksonville, Oct. 2. The Saints begin a stretch of three consecutive road games, and, given the Jaguars went 8-8 last season and have a losing record over the last five seasons, the Saints must begin the road run with a victory. The Jaguars drafted quarterback Blaine Gabbert last April and while David Gerrard remains the starter, if he gets off to a rough start the Saints could see the rookie.
at Carolina, Oct. 9. The Saints open divisional play on the road against the worst team in the NFL in 2010. The Panthers may be more exciting in 2011 with No. 1 overall draft pick Cam Newton at quarterback, but that doesn't mean they should be a match for the Saints. If there's one game circled early as a probable 'W,' this would be it.
This story appeared in the Saints special section, check out the TP store or call 504.232.3420.
at Tampa Bay, Oct. 16. Finishing off the year's most punishing, extended road trip, the Saints face a Buccaneers team with high hopes after a 10-6 finish in 2010. Quarterback Josh Freeman is looking to take another step toward the game's top-ranked signal callers, and a defense that finished seventh against the pass and ninth in points allowed will try to contain Brees & Co. A tough game at a tough time against a team that could be on the rise.
vs. Indianapolis, Oct. 23. Quarterback Peyton Manning, who will presumably be fully back by now, comes to the Superdome where he has traditionally enjoyed some of his best games. The first meeting between the two teams since Super Bowl XLIV should be an interesting one, although the Colts enter 2011 with a suspect running game, an aging offensive line and a defense that ranked in the bottom half of the NFL in virtually every category last season.
at St. Louis, Oct. 30. One year ago it came down to the last regular-season game to determine whether the Saints would play at Seattle or St. Louis in the first round of the playoffs. The Rams get the chance to show they would have given New Orleans the same early exit the Seahawks did. Quarterback Sam Bradford will be looking to take some of the sting away from a convincing 31-13 licking the Saints put on St. Louis in the Superdome last year.
vs. Tampa Bay, Nov. 6. The Buccaneers have had the Saints' number in the Superdome the last two years, but the Saints can't afford a letdown this time around. Coming off of a stretch of four games in the previous five weeks, New Orleans needs to take advantage of the home-field advantage in another critical divisional game.
at Atlanta, Nov. 13. This will be the first of two season-defining games. The Saints are hoping to reclaim the NFC South after Atlanta won it last season. But the Falcons have added even more weapons on offense with rookies Julio Jones and Jacquizz Rodgers. The Saints won in the Georgia Dome last season, then celebrated on the field afterward, which won't be forgotten.
vs. New York Giants, Nov. 28. The Saints will return from their bye week with a Monday night home date against the Giants. It will be a homecoming for New York quarterback Eli Manning, but he won't be eager to relive the memories of his last trip to the Superdome - a 48-27 trouncing by the Saints that fueled their Super Bowl run in 2009.
vs Detroit, Dec. 4. This isn't the "break" in the schedule that it once was. The Lions have been improving under Coach Jim Schwartz and might be making their own playoff push, especially if quarterback Matthew Stafford stays healthy. Second-year defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh may be one of the fiercest opponents the Saints face all year.
at Tennessee, Dec. 11. The Saints' defense will be having nightmares this week if veteran Matt Hasselbeck is still playing quarterback for the Titans. Hasselbeck torched the Saints as Seattle's quarterback in the playoffs last season. The Titans are expected to struggle this year, but Hasselbeck could provide balance to go with dominant running back Chris Johnson.
at Minnesota, Dec. 18. The Vikings are one of the biggest wild cards in the league. They've still got a lot of veteran talent on both sides of the ball, led by terrific tailback Adrian Peterson. But if veteran quarterback Donovan McNabb doesn't lead them on a playoff run, they might reboot with rookie Christian Ponder late in the season.
vs Atlanta, Dec. 26. Does it get any bigger than this? Both of these teams head into the year as top Super Bowl contenders. But like last year, one missed field goal could be the difference between the No. 1 seed and the No. 5 seed in the NFC. Chances are, both teams still will be in title contention heading into this prime-time showdown.
vs. Carolina, Jan. 1. Ideally, the Saints will be resting their starters against the Panthers in Week 17, just like they did in 2006 and 2009. But if this turns into a must-win game, it should be an enticing matchup for the Saints. The rebuilding Panthers almost certainly will turn to Newton by this point if he doesn't begin the season as their starter.
By James Varney and Mike Triplett, Staff writers
Netflix isn't getting into live sports, and CEO Reed Hastings has a fairly simple way of explaining why an entertainment company wouldn't look to do so.
“Sports is really good in the moment. So you want to watch the game, but the afterlife of a given show is quite small,” Hastings said Wednesday at Recode's Code Conference, adding that it's the binge-viewing experience that is transformative.
“It's hard to transform sports with the internet. I mean, you can carry it over the internet, but what does that do for you? So think of it as the internet doesn't yet add much value to the sports experience.”
Hastings' comments come after an April shareholders letter in which the company referenced how Amazon earlier that month made a deal with the NFL to live stream Thursday Night Football Games, adding, “That is not a strategy that we think is smart for us since we believe we can earn more viewing and satisfaction from spending that money on movies and TV shows.”
For Hastings, he wants to be focused on entertainment — a different strategy than Amazon.
“We're not trying to meet all needs,” Hastings said. “So Amazon's business strategy is super broad — meet all needs. I mean, the stuff that'll be in Prime in five or 10 years will be amazing, right? And so, we can't try to be them. We're never going to be as good as them at what they're trying to be. What we can be is the emotional connection brand — like HBO or Netflix. So think of it as they're trying to be Walmart, we're trying to be Starbucks. So super-focused on one thing that people are very passionate about.”
Get The Latest Sports Tech News In Your Inbox!
In March, Netflix VP of Product Innovation Todd Yellin told Trusted Reviews that there were no current plans as well for sports.
“We're not thinking about live sports. We want to be the best video storytelling place in the world. That's what we want,” he said.
For premium sports, Yellin indicated he felt a company needed an entire infrastructure to support sports and be able to bring in subscribers to sell similar offerings. And as for niche sports — ones that have been streamed on Twitter and Facebook Live?
“There's very little causality between what a user watches in terms of sport, and what they watch in terms of drama or adventure or films,” Yellin told Trusted Reviews, referring to Netflix's focus. “So utilising niche sport to sell to the rest of your audience doesn't work very well.”
The next few years are expected to be bad for commercial real estate largely because the rosy predictions made when the buildings were purchased in 2005 and 2006 have not come true. First, the values of those buildings have plummeted, as much as 45 percent in some instances. That is going to make it difficult for the owners to refinance their mortgages over the next few years. Second, the recession has reduced the rents and occupancy rates on which those inflated values were based.
But what's bad for an owner may be good for an investor.
STATE OF PLAY The opportunities in commercial real estate run the gamut of risk, from buying undeveloped land to buying stock in real estate investment trusts, or REITs, which invest in property and mortgages.
Mike Ryan, head of wealth management research for the Americas at UBS Wealth Management, said while there were risks in commercial real estate, they would not be as bad as many bearish analysts had predicted and certainly not on the level of the residential real estate crash.
Photo
“The notion that the other shoe is about to drop and we'll see a wholesale liquidation of property is overdone,” he said. But, he added, “We're not saying people should plow in.”
Yet Mr. Frame said he saw the coming refinancing crisis in commercial real estate as a continuum of what has been happening with other securities in the last 18 months. “Our job has been to look through the capital markets and identify where there's been a scarcity of capital,” he said, meaning where investors sold their positions quickly and fearfully. The first opportunities to take advantage of a turnaround were with convertible bonds and private equity. “Now,” Mr. Frame said, “we think the opportunity in real estate is much broader than it was 12 months ago.”
OPTIONS So how are people seeking to profit in commercial real estate? This depends on whether they are passive investors, who want to allocate some money to real estate, or entrepreneurs seeking to buy buildings.
Many investors who did not make their fortunes in real estate remain cautious. “You have to help them view real estate as private equity because you're locking up your money for some period of time,” said Joanne Jensen, a private banker at Deutsche Bank Private Wealth Management.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But if they're going to invest in real estate, they want the security of high-quality investments. “I'm speaking to a lot of real estate investors, and what they've been telling me is there's been a bifurcation between the ‘A' quality buildings and everything else,” Ms. Jensen said.
One intriguing strategy is to buy the underlying mortgage debt of buildings whose value was inflated. The debt is now trading at a deep discount. This may sound risky, particularly if the owner walks away from that debt, as happened with Stuyvesant Town. But Mr. Frame sees it as a way to make either a little or a lot of money.
He described one possibility: a building was purchased for $100 million in 2006. It is now worth less, but the underlying mortgage is still $50 million, and it is coming due next year. The owner is probably going to have a tough time refinancing the mortgage without putting in more money. That uncertainty is reflected in the price of the debt.
“Say it's 70 cents on the dollar, or $40 million for the first-lien mortgage,” he said. “If, in the next year, I get paid off, I get a 12 percent return. If not, I own the building at 60 percent off the original purchase price.”
In many cases, he said, clients are hoping they do not get paid back because the return from owning the building could be far greater. But the risk is they may have to hold that property for at least several years.
Photo
Some of his other ideas carry the same caveat: they require time. In this category, he included buying land prepared for developments that have stalled or buying loans from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The agency acquired these from banks and has bundled them into packages to be sold off.
Hotels are one area in which the investment turnaround could come faster. Their occupancy rates plummeted in the recession, and many were further hurt by having too much debt. “The most upside can come from hotels, if we get an uptick in the economy,” Mr. Frame said. “But the risk is high.”
Still, he said he believed that all these seemingly risky investments were actually predicated on caution. “We're not taking an optimistic view of the recovery,” he said. “As long as it doesn't get dramatically worse, we'll be O.K.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
REIT stocks are a more liquid alternative. They went through their own steep decline last year. In March 2009, REIT stocks were down 75 percent from their February 2007 high, according to the leading REIT index. The index had rebounded to half of its peak, but REIT stocks slid again after the Federal Reserve raised its lending rate to banks on Thursday. This is not necessarily a bad thing for long-term investors.
“We think REITs are trading roughly at the net-asset value” of the properties they own, said Thomas N. Bohjalian, a portfolio manager at Cohen & Steers, a real estate investment firm. “And that is not the ceiling; it's the floor.”
What is more significant than stock price, he said, is Cohen & Steers's prediction that dividends on REIT stocks will grow by an average of 12 percent over each of the next five years. REITs are legally required to pay out 90 percent of their taxable income annually. In flush times, they were paying out a good portion of their cash flow as well. As income from REIT-owned properties rebounds, so will the dividends.
CAUTION All these investment ideas are predicated upon patience and a healthy stomach for risk. With REITs, for example, Mr. Bohjalian said he did not expect double-digit dividend growth to start until 2011.
This patience works two ways. Ms. Jensen has several clients who have made their fortunes in real estate but have struggled to find properties at the discounts they expected. “They're not willing to do a deal that doesn't make sense,” she said.
That may be a good mantra for any investor.
China, India, and Pakistan are all extending the size of their nuclear weapon stockpiles, according to an annual report by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) released on Monday.
In the 2013 SIPRI Yearbook, the organization stated that China is the only one of the five recognized nuclear powers—the U.S., Russia, the U.K., France, and China— that is expanding the size of its nuclear arsenal and India and Pakistan are alone among the remaining nuclear powers in expanding both their nuclear weapon stockpiles and delivery systems (North Korea is not counted).
SIPRI estimates that China expanded its nuclear arsenal from 240 warheads in 2011 to 250 nuclear warheads in 2012. India, on the other hand, saw the size of its arsenal grow from between 80-100 nuclear warheads to between 90-110 between 2011 and 2012, while Pakistan's nuclear stockpiles grew from 90-110 to 100-120 during the same period.
SIPRI's baseline measurement for the size of the 2011 nuclear arsenals of each state is consistent with estimates from other sources like the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists' “Nuclear Notebook.”
Still, the figures are of necessity based in part on speculation given the difficulty in obtaining precise information on nuclear stockpiles. As the report notes, “China remains highly nontransparent as part of its long-standing deterrence strategy” and “reliable information on the operational status of the nuclear arsenals and capabilities of the three states that have never been party to the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT)—India, Israel and Pakistan—is especially difficult to ﬁnd. In the absence of official declarations, the available information is often contradictory, incorrect or exaggerated.”
Still, it has been widely believed that China, India, and Pakistan would expand the size of their nuclear arsenals as they diversified and expanded their delivery systems.
China and India are both in the process of building reliable sea-based legs of their deterrent in order to complete the nuclear triad. For India this includes the indigenously-built INS Arihant nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarine (SSBN), which is currently undergoing sea trials and whose reactor is expected to go critical sometime this week. Although the Arihant is believed to have a dozen or slightly less launch tubes, Delhi is likely to build more SSBNs in the future.
Similarly, China is building a flight of its Type-094, Jin-class SSBNs, with three already operational and five more on the way, according to the Pentagon's latest report. The Jin-class SSBNs are said to be able to carry up to 12 JL-2 submarine launched ballistic missiles (SLBM).
Furthermore, as reported last week, both China and India are seeking to equip their intercontinental ballistic missiles with multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles (MIRV), which would likely require India at least to expand the size of its arsenal and produce lighter warheads.
Interestingly, if SIPRI's estimates are correct, Pakistan no longer has the fastest growing nuclear arsenal but rather shares that distinction with China and India. Still, not all nuclear weapons and their delivery systems are created equal, and if SSBNs can possibly help stabilize a nuclear dyad, the same cannot be said of the tactical nuclear weapons (TNWs) Pakistan is said to be pursuing to counter India's “Cold Start” military doctrine. Unlike China and India, Pakistan also does not have a no-first-use policy.
At the same time, a larger nuclear arsenal could increase Pakistani leaders' confidence in the survivability of its nuclear force, possibly leading them to desist in risky behavior like regularly transporting nuclear warheads in unmarked cars along the country's busy highways.
Despite the increases in these country's nuclear arsenals, SIPRI estimates that the number of nuclear warheads worldwide declined in 2012, from 19,000 at the beginning of 2012 to 17,265 nuclear weapons at the start of 2013. Nearly 2,000 of these are kept on a state of high alert, according to the report.
Former President Park Geun-hye announces on Nov. 4, 2016, that she will cooperate with prosecutors in their investigation into allegations about her involvement in a corruption scandal involving her longtime friend Choi Soon-sil. / Korea Times file
By Eom Da-sol
What are the 10 biggest lies that have caused turmoil in Korea since its establishment in 1948? And what has been the worst lie?
The Hankook Ilbo, the sister paper of The Korea Times, released the list of the top 10 lies in modern Korean history on April Fools' Day, Saturday. The list was based on an online survey conducted among 700 Korean adults from March 23 to 28.
Those polled were asked a question: "What is the most unforgivable lie?"
The No. 1 lie was the chemical product manufacturer Oxy Reckitt Benckiser saying, "Our humidifier disinfectant is not harmful to anyone's health." It scored 4.91 out of five.
In 2011, 219 people were identified as victims of humidifier disinfectants, which later were found to contain toxic chemicals that damaged their lungs.
Most of these products were made by Oxy, based in the U.K. The company even advertised its humidifier sterilizer products as, "not harmful to children."
The explanation for a student protester's death by then national police chief Kang Min-chang in 1987 scored 4.89 and ranked as the second-worst lie.
Kang said Park Jong-chul, a Seoul National University student who joined a demonstration demanding better working conditions and more rights for workers, "suddenly died because of shock when we slammed the desk."
Park was tortured by the police in their attempt to find protest leader, Park Jong-woon.
The death later triggered the June 1987 pro-democracy protests, one of the biggest nationwide democratic movements in Korea.
The third most unforgivable lie was Korea's first President Syngman Rhee's announcement at the start of the Korean War in 1950, recording 4.83.
He said, "Every Cabinet member, including myself, will protect the government, and parliament has decided to remain in Seoul. Citizens should not worry and remain in their workplaces."
Actually, Lee had already fled to the southern part of the nation. He also ordered the military to blow up the Han River Bridge to prevent the invading North Korean army from marching through, which in turn trapped civilians inside the war zones.
The other rankings are:
4. (4.76): "All I have is 290,000 won ($260)," said former President Chun Doo-hwan in 2003, years after he was convicted of treason, bribery and the tax evasion he committed during his presidency from 1980 to 1988. The authorities have so far confiscated 114 billion won from Chun.
5. (4.68): "I will cooperate with investigations to unveil the truth," said former President Park Geun-hye in November 2016, when she faced allegations about abuse of power, extortion of money from conglomerates and giving confidential state documents to her friend Choi Soon-sil.
The Constitutional Court upheld her impeachment on March 10. In the ruling, the court noted that she did not keep her promises regarding the investigations
6. (4.18): "Our team has succeeded in creating human embryonic stem cells by cloning," said professor Hwang Woo-suk in a 2005 edition of the Science Journal. The claim was later found to be false and he was dismissed from Seoul National University.
7. (3.97): "I graduated from the University of Kansas and Yale University," said Sungkok Art Museum Curator Shin Jeong-ah in 2007. Her educational background was a lie. The court sentenced Shin to one-year-and-seven months in prison on charges of fraud and embezzlement.
8. (3.78): "I did drink alcohol, but did no drunk driving," said singer Kim Sang-hyuk in April 2005. Six months later, he was jailed for 10 months on charges of drunk driving and a hit-and-run accident.
9. (3.72): "I will complete my military service faithfully," said singer Yoo Seung-jun in 2000. He did not enlist in the army in the end but acquired U.S. citizenship to avoid any further obligation. He has been banned from entering Korea ever since.
10. (2.65): "Let all the events be judged by history, I will go back as a civilian," said former President Kim Dae-jung in 1992, announcing his retirement from politics after his defeat in the presidential election. But he came back to politics three years later and was elected president in 1997.
Buy Photo Michigan State Capitol (Photo: (Kathleen Gray/Detroit Free Press))Buy Photo
The first bill to get a vote in the state Legislature this year would abolish the county boards that determine whether a person can get a concealed weapon permit.
The bill, which transfers that authority to the Michigan State Police, was vetoed by Gov. Rick Snyder last month after victims rights advocates complained that a person who had a personal protection order against them could possibly get a gun.
The tweaked bill got rid of that language, said Sen. Mike Green, R-Mayville, the sponsor of the legislation, which passed the Senate on Tuesday on a mostly party-line vote of 28-9. All the Republicans and state Sen. David Knezak, D-Dearborn Heights, voted for the bill. The rest of the Democrats voted against it.
"I feel a lot better than I felt two to three weeks ago because now we've got it teed up for the governor to sign it," Green said. "But I get a little nervous if it hangs around a long time because people nitpick it to death."
Among the controversial provisions of Senate Bill 789, which was vetoed by Snyder, is one that says concealed weapons permits must be issued, even to people subject to personal protection orders for domestic violence or stalking, provided they would otherwise be eligible for a permit and a ban on obtaining a gun is not a condition of their personal protection orders.
State Sen. Steve Bieda, D-Warren, voted against the bill, saying there doesn't seem to be a need to take the local control away from issuing concealed weapons permits.
"Some of the more egregious language was taken out," he said. "But I do think our locals are in a much better position to determine these type of decisions."
He wasn't surprised it was the first bill taken up in the new legislative session, noting, "I predicted it would be a gun bill or one of the social issues. It's kind of red meat for that party."
The bill passed during legislative horse-trading early in the morning of Dec. 19 as Snyder and legislative leaders worked to get the last GOP Senate vote needed to approve a road funding deal during the Legislature's final, lame duck session. That vote ultimately came after 5 a.m. from Green, who demanded that the gun bills be taken up in the House before he would cast a yes vote on the roads bill. The House passed SB 789 a few minutes later.
The new bill now moves to the House for consideration.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1DBDG1S
Telecommuting is awesome. But as working from home becomes the norm, social life can fall by the wayside. In Oakland, a new crop of multifunctional spaces are combining housing and office space with shops and social spaces to keep folks connected, not to their devices, but to other humans.
The Blueprint
Opened this past March by Open Door cofounder Jay Standish, the Blueprint is an interactive space that devotes the front half of its building to workspace—with fold-down desks, a small kitchen, and a swing for, you know, fun—that also doubles as an events venue: An open house last month included presentations from partners including Localwise and Ubuntu Theater Group; the desks were folded up to expose chalkboards on the undersides with questions prompting visitors to discussion.
At the back, a cozy, carpeted space with mismatched cushions and chairs is the yin to the office's yang. This is the Tea Oasis, a digital-free and alcohol-free zone designed as a refuge from work and a place to chat and meet new friends.
A group of 12 entrepreneurs and creative types reside in the Canopy housing space upstairs.
Day passes and memberships are available for both the Blueprint and the Tea Oasis. // The Blueprint, 439 International Blvd., blueprintoakland.com.
Oakstop
"These types of spaces are important for the community, because they build, strengthen, and bridge communities," says Oakstop founder Trevor Parham, who didn't let a lack of funds stop him manifesting his vision for a space for creative professionals.
The two-year-old, two-story coworking space is home to some cool creatives, including fabrication and laser cutting company Oaklabs; Monstro Animators; and resident artist James Gayles. The venue also acts as a gallery, with art-lined walls throughout, and it is open for events, including Oakland's First Friday Art Walk.
"Oakstop is creating an accessible and inspiring environment for local artists and local businesses to grow with Oakland," Parham explains. "Providing space for business and art keeps Oakland rooted in its culture while nurturing its growth as a city."
Day passes and memberships are available, and conference rooms and event spaces are open for rental. // Oakstop, 1721 Broadway, oakstop.com.
The Hive
The second wave of businesses has recently moved into the Hive, the multiuse community that opened in September 2014 and will begin leasing 96 walk-up apartments starting this month.
A project of Signature Development Group, the Hive brings together retail, business, and living in one central hub, with brands including Oakland-based Numi Tea, new Mexican kitchen and agave bar Calavera, and Firebrand Artisan Breads and Red Bay Coffee, both coming soon.
The Impact Hub, a coworking space with locations in Berkeley and L.A., facilitates connections between the various businesses and individuals.
“We designed the Hive to be community-oriented. We have a lot of local businesses here and spaces for people to hang out and congregate and socialize. That was a missing gap in a lot of real estate developments,” says Mike Ghielmetti, president of Signature Development Group. // The Hive, 2335 Broadway, hiveoakland.com
A black student at Wesley College published a picture some deem so racist, they've released a list of demands to the administration.
Bryheim Muse, a black student, published two cartoons in the Whetstone, one critical of what he calls the Black Lives Matter movement's hypocrisy on abortion, and one of a black man making a comment on attire.
“I was trying to make a point, showing the hypocrisy behind the Black Lives Matter,” Muse told WDEL, explaining that “in one way we're saying ‘Black Lives Matter, but in another way, we're aborting our children and we're saying it's okay.”
The other cartoon, he says, was based off a Biblical scripture about being known by your clothes.
“I was making a point that the way you dress defines who you are,” he stated.
His main point is that “Black Lives Matter is not the solution to our problems, protesting, begging other people to fix our problems, the solution to our problem is keeping God's commandments. Black-on-black crime, if we kept the law on ‘love thy neighbor as thyself,' we wouldn't have that.”
Senior Tiffany Griffin disagreed, saying that BLM and abortion are two separate issues.
Griffin alleges that there is a strong racial divide on campus, citing an incident in which separate cookouts for white and black students were allegedly held by the college. Muse disagrees and says there is no racial divide.
Following the release of the cartoons, the college held an open discussion forum.
Muse feels he was targeted at the event, saying that the students were there to just talk about how they hated the cartoon, and they only showed up to argue.
It was after the forum when Griffin, Shaylynn Bivens, and Damyra Price created a list of demands for first-year president Richard Clark II, a copy of which they shared with HuffPost.
In addition to demanding that Clark condemn the cartoons publicly and that the Whetstone take steps “to prohibit demeaning content,” the students also called for increasing the percentage of black faculty and staff by 10 percent, enforcing “comprehensive racial awareness and inclusion training” for all students and employees, and increase funding of mental health services for people of color.
Clark had previously issued a statement saying that the cartoon is “in no way reflective of the beliefs or values of our college,” according to Delaware Online, but did not promise any specific actions beyond holding an open dialogue about the issue.
He adds that he was disappointed by the cartoons, and apologized to anyone who was offended.
The students' demands are similar to that of students across the country who have taken issue with the way their respective colleges have handled alleged racial incidents on campus.
“For years now, they've just been putting band-aids on, I guess, situations, different things that have been going on on-campus, and I feel like the forum and the cartoon just put everything on the forefront,” Griffin says.
“We have worked hard, especially black women, to defy and break down all of the stereotypes that were thrown at us,” Shaylynn Bivens told HuffPost. “It is humiliating to know that we were dehumanized by a fellow African-American male. He essentially gave the white students a reason to disrespect and think less of us. That comic promotes hate speech.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @themommillennial
A prison consultant provides newly convicted criminals with advice on how to cope and survive in the unfamiliar surroundings of prison. Prison consultants may also provide a client's attorney with advice on how to lobby the sentencing judge for a shorter sentence, and how to get a client sentenced to a lower security level prison (the higher a prison's security level, the more violent and dangerous). They may advise white-collar and celebrity criminals, high-level drug dealers and disgraced politicians to help them navigate the society of prison and make the most of their stay. [1]
Consultants charge anywhere from several hundred to many thousands of dollars, with no promises made. Among their past clients have been Bernard Madoff, Michael Milken, Ivan Boesky, Mike Tyson, Michael Vick, Plaxico Burress, Martha Stewart, and Leona Helmsley.[2][3]
Practitioners [ edit ]
Becoming a prison consultant requires no formal training or certification, and no agency tracks those in the business. Certifications for prison consultants exist, but none are issued by an accredited entity. Most people who hold themselves out as prison consultants are ex-convicts who, by the nature of their background, are considered to be disreputable.[4] Most prison consultants are sole-practitioners, giving cause for further skepticism. The Federal Bureau of Prisons takes no position on consulting.[2]
Additional advice [ edit ]
In general, consultants will advise prison-bound clients to keep a low profile and avoid offending other inmates. Offenses can include joining a conversation without an invitation, asking personal questions without a proper cue, and taking liberties with the television (most fights take place in the TV room).[5]
Consultants can help navigate early-release programs and will recommend entry into a drug or alcohol rehab program. Federal prison consultants often educate clients regarding the Residential Drug Abuse Program, a 500 hour program which can reduce a federal sentence up to 12 months.[6]
Consultants may advise about Federal Bureau of Prisons employee personality types; how to defend one's self in a prison fight; and how best to avoid being raped, stabbed or beaten.
Clients are warned to expect strip searches and to accept a complete loss of personal control to the guards.
Much news and discussion of prison consultants has centered on Bernard Madoff. Herbert Hoelter, who advised Madoff, says that Madoff's sentencing to the medium-security Federal Correctional Complex in Butner, North Carolina is appropriate because the facility is next door to a medical center, and if Madoff becomes eligible for transfer to a low-security prison, there is one within the same complex. Hoelter expects that a number of his other clients in Butner will take Madoff under their wing, saying "It's like a buddy system." He thinks Madoff's lengthy term "will give him credibility with other inmates." His advice to Madoff was "It's a matter of keeping your space and having respect for other people".[7]
However, Steven Oberfest of The Prison Coach says Madoff enters prison at a disadvantage because the other prisoners know everything about him from the media, but he knows nothing about them. Oberfest calls Butner "a general, nasty, medium-security-type prison" and says Madoff needs to be careful of other inmates who might be paid by those he defrauded to intimidate or harm him.[7] Similarly, Larry Levine expects that someone will make a payment to another inmate's family, a dining-hall distraction will be created, and Madoff will be stabbed.[8]
Hoelter says convicted child molester Jerry Sandusky "is in for a tough, tough ride". Unlike Madoff, who lives among his fellow prisoners, Sandusky will likely have to spend the rest of his life in solitary confinement for his own safety. A similar high-profile child sex offender, John Geoghan, was targeted and murdered by a fellow inmate in 2003. Levine noted the significant dangers in prison for sex offenders.[9]
See also [ edit ]
"It's death as far as I can see in every direction."
For the past week, residents along Florida's Space Coast from Melbourne to Titusville have been reporting an alarming number of dead fish in the water. According to lifelong residents like Captain Alex Gorichky, a conservationist who runs a small fishing tour company, it's the worst fish kill in decades.
“There are hundreds of dead fish," Gorichky reports from the Banana River Lagoon off the coast of Cocoa Beach. Every species of fish in the lagoon, even redfish that have been breeding for 35 years, are belly-up,” “The stretch is 30 miles long, and we're looking at devastating amounts of fish floating throughout that whole 30-mile stretch.”
Gorichky remembers a few other fish kills in the past ten years or so but nothing like this. He says those were isolated incidents that happened in the hot summer months and mostly in stagnant water.
Right now, if the cops want to read my e-mail, it's pretty trivial for them to do so. All they have to do is ask my online e-mail provider. But a new bill set to be introduced Thursday in the Senate Judiciary Committee by its chair, Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT), seems to stand the best chance of finally changing that situation and giving e-mail stored on remote servers the same privacy protections as e-mail stored on one's home computer.
When Congress passed the 1986 Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA), a time when massive online storage of e-mail was essentially unimaginable, it was presumed that if you hadn't actually bothered to download your e-mail, it could be considered "abandoned" after 180 days. By that logic, law enforcement would not need a warrant to go to the e-mail provider or ISP to get the messages that are older than 180 days; police only need to show that they have "reasonable grounds to believe" the information gathered would be useful in an investigation. Many Americans and legal scholars have found this standard, in today's world, problematic.
Leahy, who was one of ECPA's original authors, proposed similar changes in May 2011, but that was never even brought to a vote in the committee. The new version, which keeps the most important element of the 2011 proposal, will be incorporated into a larger bill aimed at revising the 1988 Video Privacy Protection Act (VPPA).
A more politically-palatable maneuver
As we reported last year, the House passed a revision to the VPPA, making it easier for online video rental services (yep, Netflix is a fan of this bill!) to share information about customers' rental history through a simple online consent form, rather than explicit, printed, written consent. This is a legislative moved aimed squarely at making the bill more palatable to Republicans (who comprised 8 of 10 members on the Judiciary Committee), and who are generally opposed to weakening law enforcement tools.
Leahy's new amendement would provide a major change to the privacy standard of all electronic correspondence by finally requiring a probable cause-driven warrant. If this bill does pass, it would instantaneously provide significantly more privacy to everyone in America who sends e-mail, uses Facebook, Twitter, Google Docs, or communicates online in essentially any way.
"[Currently] there's a standard for what's electronic communications services, and that's where there's the 180-day rule," said Chris Calabrese, legislative counsel at the American Civil Liberties Union, in an interview with Ars.
"There's a whole class of remote computing services, which were ones that did data processing back in the 1980s], but are now cloud computing. What this does are eliminate the distinction between the two and eliminate the 180 day rule and raise them all up to a warrant. It's very solid legislative language. It covers all private communications and would require a warrant to access them. Something that's long overdue. We're talking about a huge class of very private information and stuff that is so undisputedly private."
Judicial clarity
Many advocacy groups and tech companies, including Apple, Google, Amazon, Dropbox, Google, the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), Facebook, the ACLU and many others (collectively under an umbrella group known as Digital Due Process) have been lobbying Congress for some time now. All of these entities likely would be in favor of such a bill.
"The ECPA fix would be a major step forward for e-mail privacy," wrote Lee Tien, a staff attorney at the EFF, in an e-mail to Ars.
But more interestingly, beyond the list of usual suspects of supporters (groups like the EFF and the ACLU), are the other parties supporting the bill.
On Wednesday, members of the Judiciary Committee received copies of two letters from prominent former government officials: former Rep. Bob Barr (R-GA) and Marc J. Zwillinger, who spent three years prosecuting cybercrime from the Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section of the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice. Barr is also a former federal prosecutor and Zwilinger is now in private practice and also teaches law at Georgetown University.
Both men argued that one of the primary reasons for the new bill's passage would be to provide clarity between current case law and investigatory practice. In 2010, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Fourth Amendement protecting unreasonable searches and seizures also protects e-mail, even if it's over 180 days old.
Because online e-mail providers (like Google's Gmail, for instance) can't know if their customers fall under the Sixth Circuit jurisdiction, many have taken to requiring a warrant from law enforcement when they may not need to.
"This has created uncertainty the Leahy amendment would replace with clarity: law enforcement officers would no longer wonder whether they should seek communications content without a warrant, or whether the warrant requirement applies in one jurisdiction but not another," wrote former Rep. Barr. "This clarity will help ensure that seized evidence will not be suppressed at the end of the prosecution, thereby allowing a guilty party to escape punishment."
The content of an e-mail would be protected, other data, less so
In a further bid to potentially assuage conservative committee members, Zwillinger also points out that the new amendment would "leave in place lower legal standards for the building blocks of law enforcement investigations."
Such information could include name, address, e-mail address, IP addresses, and other transactional data such as when, where, with whom and for how long someone communicated.
"This is the type of information that prosecutors use to build probable cause that enables them to seek court-ordered access to more sensitive information, such as communications content," Zwillinger wrote.
Ars e-mailed staffers of Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), the committee's ranking Republican, to see what the senator thought of the Leahy amendment—as of press time they had not responded.
"E-mail and its eventual successors are simply too important to be governed by inconsistent and confusing standards," wrote Woodrow Hartzog, a professor at the Cumberland School of Law at Samford University, in an e-mail sent to Ars. "While more comprehensive and adaptable privacy protections for electronic communications are needed, I imagine dramatic improvement in the electronic surveillance regime will be politically and logistically challenging."
Send Me No Flowers (1964)
In this their final onscreen pairing, Doris Day and Rock Hudson play a married couple who over a matter of days are involved in events caused by a series of misunderstandings. Hudson as George Kimball is a hypochondriac who is convinced he's dying when he overhears his doctor discussing the diagnosis of a terminally ill patient. Assuming the test results are his, George sets about preparing for his impending death. He confides the devastating news to his good friend and neighbor Arnold Nash (Tony Randall) who sets out on the drinking binge which lasts the course of the film. George purchases a cemetery plot from an overzealous funeral home operator; Mr. Adkins (Paul Lynde). In his thoughtfulness he even purchases a plot for his wife's future second husband. George now sets out in search of his replacement, since this is 1960 and there is no way that Judy (Doris Day) would be able to find someone on her own that would be able to care for her as George as always done. However, Judy misconstrues George's secrets as his attempt to cover up an affair.
Send Me No Flowers also marks the pairs final teaming with Tony Randall. The three shared the screen in both Pillow Talk (1959) and Lover Come Back (1961). Compared to the previous films, Send Me No Flowers falls shorts. However, it is still an enjoyable to watch.
Follow the link for more images from Send Me No Flowers. Pinterest Board: Classic Movie Night Recommendation
Images from: Send Me No Flowers Dir. Norman Jewison. Universal Studios, 1964. DVD.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Tagged: Doris Day, Lover Come Back, Paul Lynde, Pillow Talk, Rock Hudson, Send Me No Flowers, Tony Randall
About
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Many stories have been told of the men called Doctor and Master.
But this is the story of two young men whose names have not yet been chosen - Who does destinies have not been set.
Before the fates intervened making one a hero and the other a monster, these men stood together at the dawn of... "A Wild Endeavour."
WHO IS WHO? - "A Wild Endeavour" will be an independently produced, one hour, science fiction drama, created by a team of DOCTOR WHO veterans who joined forces and pooled their creativity and talent to tell a story that fans have been wanting to hear for decades. We will be shooting the pilot episode, and once completed it will be submitted for network approval as a new series. Our writers have crafted the script based on input from the network regarding its copyright and intellectual property rights to ensure that every aspect of the production runs smoothly.
A little background on our last Kickstarter project
This all began right here on Kickstarter. See, back in June of 2013 a project to launch a small TARDIS shaped satellite into orbit around the Earth was successfully funded. 3,231 backers from all over the world got behind that project, and in the months that followed, we've sent out more than 100 limited edition posters, 200 signed blueprints, almost 600 t-shirts, and 3,231 PDF certificates and cards. We've designed, built and launched the interactive website (www.tardisinorbit.com) where almost 2,800 backers have already uploaded nearly 3,000 data files which will be loaded into the TARDIS satellite's hard drive. We have made all the arrangements for the launch (launch fees have been paid, and the contract is signed). The launch service (Interorbital Systems) have reserved our place in the capsule for an upcoming launch, and as soon as they announce the date, we'll be ready to go! Our friends over at The Nerdist have been helping us chronicle this project with some really cool documentary videos, and if you'd like to check them out, just click one of the links below.
TARDIS In Orbit Documentary: Episode 1
TARIDS In Orbit Documentary: Episode 2
TARIDS In Orbit Documentary: Episode 3
TARIDS In Orbit Documentary: Episode 4
The TARDIS In Orbit Kickstarter campaign is over now, but if you'd like to check that out, just click the link below.
We're putting a TARDIS into orbit - Really!
Many of the people who backed the project were associated with "Doctor Who," both on camera and behind the scenes. Emboldened by the amazing success of that project, this small army of casts, crew, and dedicated fans decided to do something truly spectacular, something that has already been described as "the most ambitious project of its kind ever attempted." Together, they would create a completely new and original series called "A Wild Endeavour."
"A Wild Endeavour" is about two young men, the closest of friends. It is the story of a beginning. Before the fates intervened. Before one became a hero, and the other a monster. It is about a time when they stood together...
Who is who?
Their identities? You didn't really think we would tell you that did you? That would take all the fun out of the show. We will tell you that the pilot episode will be filled with little clues, but we can't promise that all of those clues will lead you in the right direction.
How did we determine the budget?
Seems like a lot of money, doesn't it? Well, it is a lot of money, but the thing with network quality pilot episodes with professional cast and crew is that they cost a lot of money to make. See, since we're creating a pilot episode for a new television series for network television, the production quality must measure up to those standards. If we take shortcuts or try to "go cheap" it will show up in the final product. Invariably, bad writing, bad acting, bad directing, bad sound, bad lighting, cheap sets, amateur costumes or makeup, or poor editing will ruin the final product. To make sure that all of these things are done correctly, we need the right people and the right equipment. To get the right people and the right equipment you need the right budget. There's a reason the average network pilot costs around a million dollars. That's fairly standard, and once we had our budget, we added in the cost of hosting the campaign on Kickstarter, processing pledges, and fulfilling backer rewards, and there you go. We know it's not cheap, but as they say, "Good things are rarely cheap, and cheap things are rarely good."
So what's the plan?
This will be the pilot episode for a brand new, original series, and when it's complete, we will bring it to the network for consideration. Why fund the project here on Kickstarter? Easy! See, by using the Kickstarter platform to finance the project we're accomplishing two things at once. First, we're funding the project... obviously. Second, we're involving the fans in its creation (something that has never been done on this scale before), and in doing so we're gathering the kind of market research that is vital to the success of any new series. A fan supported and financed pilot episode for a new series is a kind of market validation that has never occurred in television history!
When the creators of the most successful Kickstarter film project ever, the "Veronica Mars" movie went to Warner Brothers about the idea, the studio was clear. Warner Brothers said, "if you can show there's enough fan interest... we're on board." The fans got behind the "Veronica Mars" project to the tune of nearly 6 million dollars!
And think about this: It's no exaggeration to say that our fan base is WAY bigger than theirs. So, let's show everyone what kind of fans we all are!
Now, should the powers that be in the network, for some insane reason decide to pass on "A Wild Endeavour," we will explore all available avenues to make the pilot available to the public. Once again, our writers have crafted the script based on input from the network regarding its copyright and intellectual property rights to ensure that all avenues will remain open.
We know we already said that, but we just wanted to make sure we were clear.
Who will be in the pilot episode?
Appearing in the pilot episode will be Rahul Kohli, who's been on "East Enders" and "Holby City," Alex Zur, a fantastic, young stage actor, Gabrielle Dempsey who was recently added to the "Game of Thrones" cast, and Olan Rogers who recently starred as a young Walt Disney in "As Dreamers Do." ... (Sadly, Olan's cat, Starscream will not be appearing in "A Wild Endeavour.") Also appearing will be Yee Jee Tso and Daphne Ashbrook. Their credentials needn't even be mentioned.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Cool! But, what's in it for me?
Besides an amazing new series, what do you, the backers get out of this? All kinds of awesome! That's what. Check out the BACKER REWARD section down below. Everything in this series is completely new and original, created specifically for this story.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Here's A Look Inside Persona 4: Dancing All Night's Premium Crazy Box Edition
By Sato . June 10, 2015 . 5:55am
Persona 4: Dancing All Night is releasing later this month in Japan, and it will also come in a “Premium Crazy Box” edition, which has its own limited edition PlayStation Vita. Dengeki put together a video showcasing what's inside this special box.
The opening from the two hosts of Dengeki starts at the 1:40 mark of the video. The box has a Persona 4 color scheme both on the inside and outside. The first thing you'll see once you open the box is the “Crazy Value Pack”.
The Crazy Value Pack for Persona 4: Dancing All Night is actually its own special edition, which include the game, two soundtrack discs, an alternate package cover, and a set of special DLC for 9,980 yen plus tax.
Now, if you want to check out the main course of the Premium Crazy Box, skip forward to the 9:50 mark of the video, where the guy in the Teddie suit pulls out the limited edition PlayStation Vita from the box.
The Persona 4: Dancing All Night edition PlayStation Vita is white in the front, and has a bright yellow back, with a Persona 4 motif. The game already has an original theme installed, which the two hosts show off in the video.
Persona 4: Dancing All Night will release in Japan on June 25, 2015 for PlayStation Vita. The Premium Crazy Box will also be available on the same date, and will go for 28,980 yen plus tax.
Manchester United's recent surge in form has seen many plaudits for players such as Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Zlatan Ibrahimović. Paul Pogba has also started to win over his doubters, after a less than spectacular start. In spite of this, there is one player who most United fans would always select in their first choice eleven. Spanish midfielder Ander Herrera, who recently won his first cap for his country, has been going about his business almost unnoticed.
His high work-rate, as well as his unselfish and team-orientated displays and box-to-box running, have led to many United fans touting him as a future club captain. With Wayne Rooney's decline, and his future at Old Trafford, a constant source of speculation, it may be a decision José Mourinho has to make sooner than later.
Early Days
The groundwork for Herrera's transfer to Old Trafford went back several years. The club were alerted to his talents when United played Athletic Bilbao in the Europa League in 2012. The Spanish side eliminated the Red Devils, with Herrera playing a key part. When David Moyes took charge following Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement, Herrera was one of the players on his list of transfer targets. United made a bid in the summer of 2013, which was rejected by the Basque club.
During his ten months in charge, Moyes made regular trips to Spain to watch the midfielder in action. As such, a deal was agreed in principle ahead of Moyes being sacked in April 2014. When Louis van Gaal took over later that year, he gave the green light for Ed Woodward to complete Herrera's transfer.
Ander Herrera completed his move in June 2014, and joined United's preseason tour of the USA. He made his Premier League debut on the opening day of the 2014-15 season. He played the first hour of the 2-1 defeat to Swansea City at Old Trafford, before being surprisingly substituted. In many ways this would be a premonition of how van Gaal would treat Herrera during his two years in charge.
Initial Struggles
The Spanish midfielder instantly became popular with the fans. During the last few years of Ferguson's reign, the midfield was an area that seemed to be constantly neglected. Herrera's non-stop running, as well as his desire to always look for an opportunity to play a forward pass endeared him to the Old Trafford faithful. It has to be said, however, this was probably at odds with what his manager was trying to achieve.
Van Gaal seemed more concerned with keeping the ball at all costs, rather than taking chances to win games. As a result, Herrera found himself in and out of the team, never able to hold down a regular spot. The constant tinkering with team selection frustrated the fans, and the dull style of football served up by van Gaal did not fare any better.
United's best period under the Dutchman came during March and April of 2015. An injury to Luke Shaw saw midfielder Daley Blind switched to left back. The manager selected Herrera, Michael Carrick and Marouane Fellaini as his midfield three. The result saw United beat Liverpool, as well as Tottenham, Aston Villa and Manchester City at Old Trafford. That four game spell produced twelve goals, and some scintillating attacking football. A good example would Juan Mata's first goal at Anfield, a fine finish after a superbly weighted through ball by Herrera.
In the two seasons under van Gaal, Herrera made 23 appearances as a substitute. Despite not being a guaranteed starter, he scored thirteen goals in that time. Had he been playing every week, he probably would have had quite a few more.
Key Player
When José Mourinho took charge, it initially looked as though Herrera's United career was going to follow the same pattern. The Portuguese initially seemed to favour Fellaini ahead of him, and Herrera started just one of United's first five league games. When he came on at half time during the Manchester Derby, a game that City had dominated suddenly turned. Even though United were unable to turn the score around, the second half was much more even. The energy Herrera brought to the midfield was a big factor in this.
While Mourinho initially struggled to find his best formula, he now seems to have settled on Pogba, Herrera and Carrick as his preferred midfield. United have not lost in the five games he has played the trio together. Even the two games they have drawn, where Arsenal and Everton both scored late equalisers, United dominated the majority of both matches. Had he tried this from the start of the season, they might be further up the table.
Herrera has finally started to show why United scouted him for so long, and he won his first cap for Spain in November. If he keeps up the level of performances he has shown lately, it seems certain he'll add plenty more to his collection.
Why Herrera as Captain?
There are many elements a manager has to consider when choosing a club captain. One of these is undoubtedly his availability. If a player has a chequered injury record, he cannot be relied upon to perform week in, week out. This was probably why Ferguson prompted for Nemanja Vidić to replace Gary Neville as captain, rather than Rio Ferdinand. Herrera hasn't had a serious injury since he's been at Old Trafford. It's also worth pointing out that, despite the fact that he is not afraid to get stuck in, he's not the type of player constantly being shown the red card.
The last two midfielders to be named as permanent club captain typified two very different styles. Both are United legends. Roy Keane led by fear, constantly screaming in his teammates' ears. He was not a man they wanted to let down. On the other hand, Bryan Robson led by example, with his determination to carry his team forward against all odds making him an inspiration to others. Herrera probably falls into the category of the latter, in terms of how he goes about his business. That said, he is not afraid to direct his teammates on the pitch, as he has shown on several occasions.
Another consideration has to be their passion for the cause. Ander Herrera has shown that from the day he first pulled on the red shirt. He never stops running for the cause, and isn't afraid to get in the faces of the opposition. Despite not being the biggest of players, he will fly into a tackle against anyone. Ross Barkley found this out last season, when Herrera's tackle on him in the F.A. Cup semi-final put Anthony Martial through for the winning goal. Given the extra responsibility of the captains' armband, that passion might even increase, if that is possible.
Finally, and possibly most importantly of all, they have to be respected. The quiet, unassuming Spaniard is already loved by the fans, and his teammates. It seems his new manager also appreciates his contribution, with Herrera now seemingly a first choice for the Portuguese. He is also a consummate professional, never bringing bad publicity to the club off the pitch. He trains hard and is clearly devoted to his profession. Even when van Gaal was using him sparingly, he just got on with it, never complained and did his best when called upon.
Quite simply, it seems he ticks every box required of a captain. Time will tell whether Mourinho agrees. But now that he's playing every week, seemingly free of the restrictions placed upon him by van Gaal's regime, he may be ready for a further step up.
Other Candidates
Looking around the United squad, there doesn't seem to be a plethora of candidates. Michael Carrick is currently vice-captain, and takes the armband when Rooney finds himself on the bench. Because his game has never been based around pace, he seems to be getting better with age. Like Ryan Giggs before him, he has looked after himself. If he was still at United five years from now, few would be surprised. Unfortunately for Mourinho, being 35 years old means he won't play every single game. This means that while he can stand in as United captain anytime, he isn't the long term solution.
Phil Jones‘ recent resurgence has surprised many people. He is enjoying his best run of form and fitness for a few seasons. The problem is that in his five years at United, he has never managed thirty Premier League appearances in a single season. He only made ten last season, almost half of which were from the bench. His attitude is not in question, similar to Robson in the fearless way he will fly into any challenge. It's almost as if he has no sense of danger, at least where his own health is concerned. If he can stay injury free then he would be a very likely candidate, and now is his chance to prove it.
Some would point to David de Gea as captain material. He is the one member of the United squad whose world class status is under no scrutiny. Quite simply, he is one of the best goalkeepers in the world. But history shows that goalkeepers are rarely considered as captain. This is because they aren't out in the thick of the action. A defender or midfielder can more easily leave his position if he needs to give orders to a teammate. A goalkeeper does not have the same freedom to wander around the pitch. Mourinho's captain at Real Madrid was Iker Casillas, however, so it shows he doesn't subscribe to this way of thinking.
New arrivals Eric Bailly and Paul Pogba may turn out to be the leaders United have so desperately lacked in recent years. But it would be hard to judge their credentials at this stage of their United careers. If the rumours are true that this is Rooney's last season at Old Trafford, Mourinho may need to make the decision before they are ready.
The Last Word
It may be that Rooney stays at United for a few more years, and that Mourinho doesn't need to make the decision just yet. But given how he has not been afraid to drop him, it suggests the manager is planning for a future without him. If that happens, his replacement might already be in the current setup.
Ander Herrera is now in his third season at Old Trafford. He is a Spanish international, established within the squad and is popular with supporters. The way he goes about his game suggests he wouldn't be worried about the added pressure the armband usually brings. If anything, he would probably relish it, as he has every other challenge he's faced during his time in England.
Main Photo
Thinkstock Share
Pinterest
Email
Moment Magazine asked 18 experts “Is There a Secret Ingredient in the Jewish Relationship with Food?” in their latest issue — and got some fascinating answers. Below are three of them and we'll post three more in the coming days with permission from the magazine. We want to hear what you think. Share your thoughts in the comments.
Gil Marks
There is no way you can practice Judaism religiously or culturally without food. Food has been intrinsic to Jewish ritual, life and culture from the outset. What is the very first act that the Israelites in Egypt are commanded to do? It's to have a communal meal—roast lamb and herbs, some nice shwarma. And with that, the beginning of the Jewish people is through a meal. The famous joke—“They tried to kill us, we won, now let's eat”—is not really that far from the truth. Within the Jewish legal framework is an understanding that various rituals are accompanied by a seudat mitzvah, or celebratory meal, whether a bris or a baby naming or a bar mitzvah or a wedding. Any sort of life cycle event is accompanied by a seudat mitzvah. Some foods are almost sanctified by their use in these meals or holidays and rituals. So food that may have not been Jewish at one point can become Jewish. Chicken soup, for example, became very popular after a meat shortage after the Black Death, leading Europe to become a chicken-raising culture. Simultaneously, Italian Jews introduced noodles to the Franco-German Jews, and chicken soup with frimzel, or egg noodles, became standard. But then what do you do on Pesach when you can't have egg noodles—the matzoh ball or knaidel emerges. You can see the continuing adaptation that created the cultural Jewish gastronomy.
Gil Marks is a rabbi, author of Encyclopedia of Jewish Food and founding editor of Kosher Gourmet magazine.
Claudia Roden
All Jews in Europe kept kosher until the 19th century, when they were emancipated and moved to the big cities—and much stopped keeping kosher. But most Jews in communities in the Muslim world went on abiding by kosher rules until the 1950s, when they started to leave their Muslim homelands. For the Jews of the diaspora, food has always been important, because observance of the dietary laws created a spiritual atmosphere around it. And when they stopped keeping kosher, the “Jewish foods” from their old homelands became even more important, because they were part of their identity. For Jews who weren't very religious, who had lost their old languages—like Yiddish, Ladino or Judeo-Arabic—food became one of the things that they held onto to remind themselves of who they were, of their past and their ancestry. Sometimes they have been labeled gastronomic Jews. In the last few years I've been traveling a lot—to Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Berlin, Vienna, Amsterdam—and I could see that some of the Jews there who were no longer keeping kosher were very concerned with keeping up their Jewish food traditions on the Sabbath and on festive occasions. Even some people from Russia, for instance, who didn't eat traditional Jewish food at all through the communist years, are looking for recipes. All Ashkenazi Jews had a similar culture and similar dishes even though they came from many countries in Eastern, Central and Western Europe; theirs was almost a fixed menu, from challah and chicken soup to gefilte fish, chopped herring and chopped liver. Jews who are not Ashkenazi, who are now all referred to as Sephardi, have different dishes. Although the communities differed from one country to another and sometimes from one city to another, some similar dishes could be found all over the Sephardi world. Among these are meat stews with fruit—lamb with apricots, prunes or cherries—which they picked up in Baghdad, and their Passover almond cakes and almond cookies that they adopted in Spain. Jewish dishes are kept because of what they evoke and represent, because they are a part of Jewish cultural identity. I don't expect they'll disappear completely.
Claudia Roden writes about the history and culture of food and is the author of The Book of Jewish Food, among other books.
Yotam Ottolenghi
In some ways, what happened in Israel is the exact opposite of what happened in the diaspora. When Jews came to Israel, the food they brought with them became their defining feature, whereas in their countries of origin, food identified them as Jews. That's the paradox of immigration. When I was growing up in Israel, at school we had events where kids would bring food from their country of origin. A Jew from Poland would bring typical Polish food, such as gefilte fish and all kinds of sweet cakes. Jews from Iraq would bring their soups and all the things that are related to Iraqi cooking. Those events were meant to celebrate the diversity of various communities and to bring everyone together around food. Because of this, and its relatively young age, Israel has only just begun to establish its own cohesive cuisine, and it will probably take a few decades or more for it to become something that has a clear voice. Of course, there are ingredients that Israelis eat a lot of, such as chickpeas, tahini and aubergines. These are indigenous ingredients that are common in the eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East and that came to Israel either through Jews' countries of origin or because they were cooked here already by Palestinians. But there are some dishes that Israelis would argue they created. The Israeli version of falafel in a pita came about in the 1950s, when Yemenite Jews added schug [a type of hot sauce] to this Arab meal-on-the-go. Israeli culture now claims this as the national dish.
Yotam Ottolenghi is a chef, co-author of Jerusalem: A Cookbook and author of Ottolenghi: The Cookbook, to be released in September.
This story "The Jewish Relationship with Food — Part 1" was written by Moment Magazine.
Brendon Goddard in action for Australia during the first Test
REVOLUTIONISING the goalkeeper position has given Australia an advantage in the Virgin Australia International Rules Series against Ireland, Brendon Goddard says.
The Essendon veteran starred in an uncustomary role for the hosts in the first Test in Adelaide, coming off the goal line to attack the Irish forwards instead of the traditional method of defending from the square.
Goddard, who saved several Irish shots on goal, says the tactic was a big factor in the 10-point win over the visitors.
"There are only two real advantages: you're allowed to pick the ball up in the smaller box and you're not allowed to be tackled," Goddard told radio station SEN.
"I think that caught them a bit off-guard because I think they're so used to staying back in goal like you saw their goalie.
"They thought I would be on the (goal) line waiting for them."
He concedes his first two kickouts were "rubbish and they scored off one of them", but Goddard then felt more comfortable with the foreign round ball in his hands.
While Irish forwards Michael Murphy and Conor McManus constantly kept the 32-year-old novice on his toes when in attacking mode, it was a far different story when he and fellow defenders Michael Hibberd and Kade Simpson were on the counterattack.
"When we actually won the ball, there was very little pressure from their forwards that we're accustomed to (in the AFL)," Goddard said.
"I was hesitant to switch the ball and look to the other side (of the ground, thinking) their forwards would be involved in defence but it's not at the front of their mind and it's not natural to them in their game.
"We were able to move the ball out of their back half."
The Australians will go into Saturday's second and final Test in Perth as strong favourites to reclaim the Cormac McAnallen Trophy.
HOW TO BUY TICKETS
Second Test: Domain Stadium, Saturday, November 18
Last month, I was arrested, along with 17 other people, as we held a banner on the steps of the Supreme Court that said: “STOP EXECUTIONS.”
We were not blocking doors or disturbing the peace. We were not unruly or disruptive. We were respectful, prayerful, nonviolent. We sang freedom songs. We carried roses in remembrance of those who have been murdered and those who have been executed. It was a solemn, holy procession. We tolled a bell 40 times signifying the forty years of executions in this modern era, and we held 40 posters with the names of the 1443 people killed by our government.
“Parading and Assemblage” – that's the official charge, an obscure one that until now I didn't even know existed. I remember hearing someone joke: “I guess The First Amendment ends on the steps of the Supreme Court.”
So that's our crime: we held a banner outside the Supreme Court… at the very moment the state of Virginia was preparing to kill yet another person, Ricky Gray, execution #1444 since 1977.
We were shackled with chains on our hands, waist, and feet, and held in jail for over 30 hours. While we were in the DC jail, the same government that imprisoned us for holding a banner executed Ricky Gray. It does raise the question of what is right and what is wrong, doesn't it?
When I got home from jail, I told some of our kids back in Philadelphia: “You can go to jail for doing something wrong. You can also go to jail for doing something right. We went to jail for doing something right. And lots of folks throughout history have gone to jail for doing something right.”
Dr. King once said that initially he was troubled about going to jail, but then he looked at history and found that he was in good company.
This past week the 18 of us had our first appearance in court.
I am proud to stand next to the people I went to jail with, these holy troublemakers who are now my co-defendants. The group includes clergy and faith leaders, an exoneree who was wrongfully-convicted and sentenced to death, and families of both the murdered and of the executed.
Twelve of the 18 of us made a decision to take our case to trial, rather than accepting a plea bargain offered by the government. If found guilty, we could face jail time, fines, and community service… all of which pale in comparison to the twenty years my co-defendant Derrick Jamison spent on death row, staring down 6 execution dates, watching over 50 of his peers killed by the state… before he proved his innocence, and was released with no apology or compensation.
That's why we went to jail — to expose the system of death. Our prayer is for an end to all killing, both legal and illegal. Our message is that violence is the disease, not the cure. It is time to stop trying to kill those who kill to show that killing is wrong.
We know that we are on the right side of history, and that our grandchildren will look back at the death penalty 50 years from now the same way we look back at slavery — with shame, bewilderment, and remorse.
Someone asked if I had any regrets. I said: “Only one… that I didn't do this sooner.” I am proud of what we did. Not only would I do it again, but I will do it again. We will not stop protesting until the government stops killing.
We have a great attorney – one of the best — and we have every intention of defending the legality of what we did. But our hope is to take the focus off of us and put the death penalty on the stand. While I believe we are innocent of any crime… I am convinced that our country's criminal justice system, and our Supreme Court's validation of the death penalty is a crime, and a moral failure.
As fate would have it, or as some of us might contend “by Divine appointment”– our trial is the week of June 28. That means our trial will coincide with one of the most important weeks in history when it comes to the death penalty. June 29 is the anniversary of the 1972 Furman v. Georgia decision in which the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the death penalty, finding its application to be arbitrary and capricious, halting all executions. Four days later, July 2, is the anniversary of the 1976 Gregg v. Georgia decision, which allowed executions to resume. These four days between these two historic anniversaries invite us all to question whether or not the death penalty has a future in America. During the week of our trial, the annual Fast and Vigil to end the death penalty will happen in front of the Supreme Court. I hope you will join us in DC– June 28-July 2, 2017… as we put the death penalty on trial.
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta suggested the campaign would have to “dump” Clinton's emails “sooner rather than later,” just one day after a New York Times article publicizing the existence of her private email server.
The suggestion was revealed Tuesday in the latest release of Podesta emails by the online hactivist group Wikileaks.
“Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later,” Podesta says in an email to Clinton adviser Cheryl Mills.
Podesta doesn't specify what emails he is referring to, but the email was sent late March 2, 2015, the same day a major New York Times story revealed the existence of Clinton's private server to the general public. It's also not clear what Podesta meant with regards to “dumping” the emails, since it could be interpreted as a request to delete them or to turn them over to authorities or the general public.
Two days later, Clinton's emails were subpoenaed by the House Select Committee on Benghazi. On March 9, Platte River Networks, the company handling Clinton's server, received a request to preserve Clinton's emails.
But according to documents released by the FBI in September, a Platte River Networks employee said in an interview he had an “oh shit” moment between March 25 and 31, when he realized he hadn't deleted Clinton's email archive after a request from Mills the previous December. The employee said he then used Bleachbit to erase the entire archive as thoroughly as possible.
Send tips to blake@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
They have every hallmark of Anonymous, the amorphous hacker collective that has tripped up everything from governments to banks in recent years. The one difference? The Izz as-Din al-Qassam Cyber Fighters are fighting for the Muslim world.
The group, which has attacked US-based banks, claim to be operating independently, contrary to what US officials have reported.
After protests erupted throughout the Muslim world in response to the anti-Islam video "Innocence of Muslims," the hacker collective took their grievances online.
More from GlobalPost: Gabon shuts down Dotcom's latest domain
"This is the first time that we know about, where a Middle Eastern entity, perhaps a Middle Eastern government, has attacked websites, critical infrastructure, in the United States," said Richard Clarke to ABC News.
However, representatives of the hacker collective have denied any associations with governments and say they are operating independently, taking orders from no one.
A representative of the collective told Softpedia, “US prefers to merge the insult issue with this case to decrease the insulting burden and change it to a confrontation with its competitors. No country supports us.”
Taking their name from a Syrian preacher that fought against French, British and Zionist elements in the Levant in the 1920's and 1930's, the collective has wrapped itself in the rhetoric of anti-imperialism.
However, the goals of the organization are now limited to removing "Innocence of Muslims" from YouTube. The insults made against the Prophet Mohammed served as a catalyst for uniting the collective.
More from GlobalPost: Germany: Pirate Party Falls from Grace
“There is no other objective and if the movie is removed, the attacks will be stopped. Protesting against insult to the prophet united and coordinated us,” said the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Cyber Fighters representative.
Contrary to what US officials have claimed, the collective espouses no anti-American ethos. Indeed, the group uses the jargon of the Occupy movement, not unlike Anonymous, which is closely aligned with the Occupy movement.
“We have never said that we don't like American people; rather, our statements have been about the ruling system of this country. This is not just our opinion but the opinion of the 99 percent of American people as well,” said the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Cyber Fighters representative.
The groups have also denied affiliation with Anonymous.
“Our group has not had cooperation with Anonymous yet. We are not reliant on any specific utility for our operations, and we particularly didn't use multiboot.me in our attacks,” the representative said.
While the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Cyber Fighters claim to be a single issue hacker collective, "Innocence of Muslims" and the mass protests that followed the release of the video brought together the first hacker collective of its kind — one that acts in defense of Islam.
More from GlobalPost: The Pirate Bay moves to the cloud
LANDOVER, MD - MARCH 27: Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals (right) and Robert Griffin III of the Washington Redskins share a laugh as Lionel Messi and the Argentinian national soccer team practices on the field in preparation to take on El Salvador at FedExField on March 27, 2015 in Landover, Maryland. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images) Robert Griffin III and Alex Ovechkin share a laugh at FedEx Field. (Photo by Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
You cannot escape the NFL. The calendar may say April, but the NFL will not stop until it has squeezed the life out of every single month of your sports year. NBA playoffs, NHL playoffs, and MLB regular season be damned, the NFL will crush you.
Is the NFL to blame or are we? After one of the most exciting nights in D.C. sports history, the top story over at the Washington Post Sports section Wednesday morning was the Redskins schedule being released.
With any luck, the Wizards and Capitals will still be playing next Thursday but you can rest assured the Redskins will remain the top story in this area — the draft runs from Thursday to Sunday next week. The NFL Draft, which used to be a two-day formality, has mutated into a four-day celebration of the NFL's arrogance.
Am I here to tell you that the NFL has gone too far? That we should stop paying attention and give the other, more competent teams from our city more attention? Hell no! I am here to deliver the hot takes on the Redskins 2015 schedule that you so badly desire.
In the past few seasons, the schedule release, for Skins fans, has felt more like the lowering of our heads into the guillotine. We know how this ends; let's just get it over with. Perhaps I have been blinded by McCloughan lust, or maybe the stench of the Skins has been made tolerable by the successes of D.C.'s other teams, but I sense a bit of optimism around town. A look at the upcoming Skins' season should provide a sobriety check.
Week 1 vs. Dolphins – Win. The Skins haven't won a week 1 matchup since RG3 was a rookie. If this franchise has any hope for the future, this will be Robert's final season with the club. Why not bid us farewell with the same delusions of grandeur that you created in New Orleans all those years ago, Bobby Three Sticks? I don't see RG3 starting more than five games for the Skins this season, but I predict this to be his best game — if he's still on the team — and I think the Skins will find a way to win with their new-look defense in week 1.
This win will officially plant seeds of optimism for a fan base that was on the verge of mutiny prior to the Scot McCloughan hire.
Week 2 vs. Rams – Loss. It's truly depressing to admit that RG3's fate with the Redskins has already been sealed. He doesn't trust us, we don't trust him. I hope he can find a way to stay healthy at some point in his NFL career because he is a pleasure to watch when he is at full speed. With that said, there is not a more predictable storyline for this game than, “Rams finish what they started, knock Redskins' porcelain doll RG3 from game­—season—career—life.”
Week 3 at Giants – Win. Embrace the mania. Throw logic out the window. No one will remember reading this by next September, so why not? With the backup quarterback at the helm, the Skins will face a true test against Eli Manning and his stable of wide receiving stallions. No team in the NFC East has dominated the Skins like the Giants have in recent memory, but 2015 is the season the Redskins change everything — everything but the name.
Week 4 vs. Eagles – Loss. Chip Kelly will never win a Super Bowl. He won't last a decade in the NFL, and he will never admit to a single poor decision on his inevitable decline back to the college ranks. All of that won't stop him from running up the score on the Skins. You can't win a shootout when you don't have a shooter. I love you, Chip.
Week 5 at Falcons – Loss. The Falcons are going to be the best team in the NFL South and not many teams will be able to beat them in the Georgia Dome this season. Whether they are pumping fake crowd noise into their stadium or not, this will be a tough game. “If only RG3 were healthy enough to run on their turf,” delusional Redskins fans will murmur as they continue to recite his 2012 achievements into anonymous comment sections throughout the Internet.
Week 6 vs. Jets – Win. I'll just take this space to ask why anyone would ever choose to be a fan of the Jets, Mets, Nets, or Islanders. Who hurt you? As a D.C. sports fan, I suppose we have to respect your persistent self-loathing, but seriously, you guys could just start wearing Giants, Yankees, Knicks, and Rangers jerseys and no one would ever notice — do it.
Week 7 vs. Buccaneers – Win. Decades from now, NFL historians will remark on this as one of the ugliest games played since the advent of the forward pass.
Week 8 BYE – You couldn't script a better bye week. Feeling good, aren't you?
Week 9 at Patriots – Loss. The darkness is creeping towards you whether you like it or not. The Redskins will roll into the bye week at 4-3 with the most hope they have had in November since the first Thanksgiving. We have seen how this story plays out.
Week 10 vs. Saints – Loss. When I first looked at the schedule it didn't seem so bad. Now that I am envisioning a Colt McCoy vs. Drew Brees showdown, I am starting to realize how terrible of an idea it was to write this article.
Week 11 at Panthers – Loss. RG3 is back! In a last-ditch effort to save the season, Gruden goes back to the well with RG3 — he comes up short. Like a couple on the verge of divorce, not much is said by either party in the post-game press conference — their silence tells us all we need to know.
Week 12 vs. Giants – Loss. This is the point in the season when Snyder will start offering people money to kidnap Gruden so he doesn't have to pay him to sit in a beach chair for the next three years.
Week 13 vs. Cowboys – Win. If you are still attending Skins home games at this point in the season, you da real MVP. Colt “Cowboy Killer” McCoy will once again cement his legacy as the greatest 3rd string QB, less than 6' tall, to ever walk the earth.
Week 14 at Bears – Loss. Nothing about a December football game in Chicago should excite you.
Week 15 vs. Bills – Win. I can't even visualize this game because all I can think about when I see the Bills in FedEx is the first game the Redskins played after the murder of Sean Taylor. Let's just give ourselves a win here and move on.
Week 16 at Eagles – Loss. “We should have drafted Mariota” is the most popular quote amongst 106.7 The Fan callers for the third week in a row.
Week 17 at Cowboys – Loss. Take solace in the fact that the Cowboys won't make the playoffs this season (the Giants will win the East), last year was their ceiling, and Jerry Jones is paying Tony Romo to play quarterback through 2019.
You'll never feel better about a 6-10 season than this one, trust me. In the 2016 season you'll have: a new quarterback, a new coach (I'm not for this, but it's inevitable), and the promise of a new stadium somewhere far away from the wasteland formerly known as Raljon, Maryland. Hang tight, Skins fans, there's always next season in Washington!
It's just a shame there aren't other teams in this area that deserve our attention.
Follow Patrick's satire on Twitter @RubGun and send your e-mail, questions and topic suggestions to cannon1067@gmail.com.
Stiffer than the bones of the undead – Z-Run
The endless runner scourge has made its way from smartphones, to PC, and even to consoles. The genre has seen countless different settings and themes injected into it for flavour, but this is the first time (that we are aware of) that we have ever seen it cross-contaminate with the vile zombie hordes. Z-Run, from Beatshapers, has you taken control of either a male or female protagonist and guide them through a zombie infected city, but does it have enough bite to it to keep things interesting?
As you begin the game you are dropped onto a map screen which provides an overview of the city streets. As you progress through the map more routes will unlock, giving you more variety and the option to take different routes through the undead ravaged streets. We quite liked having the ability to plan out our route through the city, and even to bypass some trickier stages, unfortunately the locales are repeated ad-nauseum and only change when you reach a new part of the city. Once you have selected your route you then take control of your character and run for your life!
The locations are nicely detailed and are alive with undead activity, abandoned cars and other bits and pieces that you have to avoid. Your character has the ability to jump, slide and roll-dodge past obstacles and enemies; they can also wield a number of weapons and potions too. Danger not only comes in the form of the undead,but on your depleting stamina bar also. Every action you make, be it swinging a bat at a zombie, dodging a car or sprinting will deplete your stamina. Should you run out completely you will slow to a crawl making you vulnerable to attack. Luckily, health and stamina power ups are liberally sprinkled throughout every stage, so you will rarely find yourself completely out of luck.
As previously mentioned, Z-run features an arsenal of weapons with which you can decimate the undead, unfortunately they often feel surplus to requirements. Guns are extremely weedy and weak feeling, bats break, and wrenches just plain suck. There is a distinct lack of “meatiness” to them, and more often than not you will endanger yourself taking them out to use them. We played through almost the entire game using only the slide attack to take down enemies. Bulkier weapons with more oomph, which produced more gore, would have made them a little more essential.
Our main gripe with Z-Run though is how stiff and slow it feels. The runner genre is supposed to feel swift and unpredictable, but the protagonists run so slowly. almost like they have shat themselves – which wouldn't be surprising given the circumstances! Movement is clunky and cumbersome and often we found ourselves clipping the environment which then meant we'd get pounced on by passing zombies. Later stages become much more cramped with less space to move about, and this only compounds our issues with how unwieldy the character feels.
It's a shame that Z-Run wasn't executed with a little more finesse because the premise is quite unique and fun. Some of the locations and character models are also quite nice to look at. However, based on its stiff controls and some irritating design choices we can't recommend it; especially not at £7.39!
Z-Run is available to buy on PSN.
Is it possible to look half your age? Most definitely! And Liu Yelin is walking proof.
Show Full Text
The Chinese mother of one who rarely wears makeup is nearly 50 years old yet looks so young people think her 22-year-old son is her boyfriend. Without a wrinkle in sight and a super-toned body, Liu is constantly stunning people with her looks. “People are often shocked to find out I'm almost 50,” Liu Yelin (49) told Mail Online. “Whenever I went shopping and told people my real age, I often got mobbed by strangers who wanted to find out my secrets.”
So, what is that secret of hers? Regular exercise for three decades. “I swim in the lake and do weight training every day,” she said. “My favorite thing is swimming outdoors in winter.” In fact, Liu has swum across the Yangtse River in China and the Han River in South Korea. And last year, she swam from the shores of Penang, Malaysia to the Strait of Malacca – that's a whopping 7.45 miles in just 4 hours! Pretty impressive, huh? The super-fit mom now has over 75k followers on a Chinese social media site called Weibo and lives by the motto: “If you think you look rough, that's because you haven't sweated enough.”
Arizona Republican Trent Franks on Thursday announced he is resigning from Congress, facing a House Ethics Committee investigation as to whether he engaged in conduct that constitutes sexual harassment.
According to Franks' statement, the committee is reviewing an inquiry in which he discussed surrogacy with two former female subordinates, when he and his wife faced infertility.
"I have recently learned that the Ethics Committee is reviewing an inquiry regarding my discussion of surrogacy with two previous female subordinates, making each feel uncomfortable. I deeply regret that my discussion of this option and process in the workplace caused distress,' Franks said in his statement.
CBS News' chief congressional correspondent Nancy Cordes reported that Franks and his wife tried to adopt and their attempts were not successful. They eventually had twins via a surrogate and they wanted to have another child. But, as Cordes reports, the statement does not make clear if he brought up the topic with staffers, making them uncomfortable, or asked them to be surrogates.
A former Franks staffer, Rebeccah Heinrichs, said on Fox News Thursday that Franks had "talked about surrogacy" in the office as he and his wife struggled with infertility and had "uncomfortable conversations." Heinrichs
"I have never been made to feel uncomfortable being with the congressman. I have never seen any slightest bit of sexual harassment or intimidation," Heinrichs said. "He has treated every single member that I've seen of his staff with dignity and respect. So this is incredibly startling to me and frankly I find it a tragedy."
His resignation will become effective Jan. 1 of 2018. Roll Call first reported that Franks was expected to resign.
According to Speaker of the House Paul Ryan's office, the counsel to the speaker was contacted by a friend with information about Franks roughly two weeks ago, and Ryan's office believed that claim warranted further investigation. After more conversations and interviews, Ryan brought the information to Franks, and a complaint was filed with the House Ethics Committee. Franks eventually decided to offer his letter of resignation.
According to a House Ethics Committee statement dated Thursday, the committee had established an investigative subcommittee "to determine whether Representative Trent Franks engaged in conduct that constitutes sexual harassment and/or retaliation for opposing sexual harassment, in violation of House rules, laws, regulations, or other standards of conduct."
"It is with the greatest sadness, that for the sake of the causes I deeply love, I must now step back from the battle I have spent over three decades fighting," Franks' statement said later. "I hope my resignation will remain distinct from the great gains we have made. My time in Congress serving my constituents, America and the Constitution is and will remain one of God's greatest gift to me in life."
Franks, an eight-term Republican, considers himself a conservative in the mold of former President Ronald Reagan. In Congress, he established himself as one of the most vocally pro-life members. He serves on the House Armed Services Committee and Judiciary Committee. He's also a member of the conservative Republican Study Committee.
Franks had also been mulling a run for Sen. Jeff Flake's seat in 2018 after Flake announced he would not seek re-election.
His resignation comes on the same day that Sen. Al Franken announced he would soon resign from the Senate, after the majority of his Democratic colleagues in the Senate urged him to step aside. Multiple women accused Franken of inappropriately touching them or attempting to kiss them.
CBS News' Catherine Reynolds contributed to this report.
A few years ago, Sister Margaret Farley, a nun and a teacher at Yale's Divinity School, published Just Love: A Framework for Christian Sexual Ethics—a book that did not say that your sexual urges are nothing more than the shameful pangs of demon penises fucking your soul which should be repressed and repressed and repressed until you are absolutely warped, underneath that church outfit. Burn the witch! Ahh, apparently we don't do that any more? Well... censure the witch!
That's exactly what the Vatican has done: they've formally scolded her (like a naughty, naughty schoolgirl?), saying that her book—what with its common-sense approval of female masturbation and approval of same-sex marriage—goes against Catholic theology and should not be used by Catholics and is "contrary to natural law."
Well. La dee frickin da.
Can you imagine anything more laughably small-minded and farther away from anything that might be helpful to actual humans here on planet Earth than a small cabal of alleged moral leaders who deliberate in secret for two years and then issue a statement condemning an obscure book because it had the grace to approach human sexuality from a rational and non-hateful position? All of the Cardinals of the Vatican could have better spent that time building Habitat for Humanity houses, or digging sanitation ditches in rural Africa. Catholic Church, it is really quite difficult to take you people seriously. You dress up and live in a fortified special city away from the world you proclaim to care for, and then, when the time comes for you to finally speak, you say something so patently stupid, backwards, hateful, discriminatory, and downright unrealistic that any 13 year-old can tell you that you've removed yourself from the sphere of reasonable discussion. Keep talking amongst yourselves, o Holy relics. The rest of us, who make up the vast majority of the people in the world, thank god, will just carry on without you.
Go fuck yourself, The Vatican. It might make you feel better.
[NYT. Photo: AP]
A Surrey, B.C., dentist has stopped practising after four more patients filed lawsuits on the heels of a Go Public investigation.
Dr. Steven Krieger, who worked at the Clover Care Dental Clinic, has "voluntarily withdrawn" registration as a dentist, according to the B.C. College of Dental Surgeons.
No one from the college would agree to an interview, but in an email said Krieger will not perform dentistry pending a public hearing before a discipline committee on allegations against him. No date has been set for that hearing.
Krieger now faces a dozen lawsuits from former patients, alleging he caused harm and unnecessary pain. None of the allegations have been proven in court.
Tami Conlin says she has had sharp jaw pain since dentist Steven Krieger gave her four fillings. (Erica Johnson/CBC)
One of the latest complainants is Tami Conlin, 37, who says she's been in pain since an appointment with Krieger last May.
"When I read the Go Public article [online], I was like, 'Oh my God, what the hell? I need to read this article again and call the lawyer [mentioned]," says Conlin.
Been wronged? Contact Erica and the Go Public team
She says that during a routine checkup Krieger told her she needed four fillings, even though she had no symptoms.
A week after the fillings, Conlin was still "in agony," so Krieger performed a root canal, but that didn't alleviate her pain.
Conlin was referred to a specialist, who couldn't detect any infection, so she's now waiting to see a neurologist to be checked for nerve damage. She has used up her dental coverage, so a tooth that needs a crown is still exposed.
"My tooth is basically dead," says Conlin. "And because of him [Krieger], I have all this pain. I wish he'd quit six months ago."
No comment from dentist
Krieger did not respond to requests for an interview about his decision to stop practising.
In statements of defence filed in several lawsuits, Krieger "denies each and every allegation," and says he treated patients with "reasonable care, skill and diligence."
Krieger's office said he was expected back at work "in the new year."
The B.C. College of Dental Surgeons has removed Krieger's name from its database, but has not made public the allegations against him.
Previously, the website said Krieger was restricted from doing root canals, but did not explain why.
The college says it is "actively considering whether registrants who have temporarily withdrawn from practice (or are on temporary leave of absence) should remain in the Registrant Lookup with a note to that effect."
Public in the dark
"There's an utter lack of information for the public," says personal injury attorney Dianna Robertson, who is representing seven of the 12 people who have filed suits against Krieger.
"How can people seek information about any concerns they have or any restrictions on his practice?" she says.
Lawyer Dianna Robertson says the B.C. Dental College needs to tell the public why dentists have restrictions. (CBC)
The college's website currently lists 13 dentists as having "practice limitations," but there are no explanations why the limitations are in place.
For instance, one dentist is not allowed to practice unless a second dentist is present.
Another dentist "must have a chaperone present" at all times when seeing patients, and that restriction must be posted in his waiting room.
Another cannot provide root canals, crowns, bridges, veneers or implants.
Robertson wants the college to more closely mirror the Royal College of Dental Surgeons of Ontario, which posts full details online when it restricts or disciplines a member.
"If the [B.C.] college sees fit to restrict a dentist's practice, they should also be making public the reason those restrictions are in place," she says.
In an email, the B.C. College of Dental Surgeons said it "pays close attention to societal trends and changes in public expectations" and that it "will continue to listen to the various viewpoints and to adjust our approach as needed to protect the public."
Website still advertised dental services
In late December, Krieger was still offering dental services on his website, which is not allowed because he's not currently practising.
His website featured a photo of him under a tab marked "Meet the Doctor" and said he "performs a wide range of services."
After Go Public contacted the B.C. College of Dental Surgeons to inquire about the website, Krieger's name and photo were removed.
While she waits for a date in court, Conlin said she will also file a complaint about Krieger with the college.
"It's too late for me," she says, "but maybe that will protect someone else."
This post is also available in: עברית (Hebrew)
Materials to produce deadly sarin gas arrived in ISIS camps in Syria after originating in Turkey, claims Turkish MP Eren Erdem. Sarin gas was used in several instances during the fighting in Damascus in 2013.
Erdem, am member of the Republican People's Party (CHP), levelled his charges during a parliamentary session, and cited evidence from an abruptly-closed criminal case, the Belfast Telegraph reports.
Erdem presented as evidence a copy of the criminal case from the General Prosecutor's Office in city of Adana in southern Turkey. According to the evidence, Erdem said, Turkish nationals were directly supplying the gas to ISIS and other terrorist groups in Syria.
Authorities, according to Erdem, arrested 13 suspects after a series of raids, however the case was closed only a week later. All suspects have since left Turkey for Syria.
“There is data in this indictment. Chemical weapon materials are being brought to Turkey and being put together in Syria in camps of ISIS which was known as Iraqi Al Qaeda during that time,” Erdem said.
Erdem said Turkish citizens negotiated with ISIS agents, and accused the government of not doing enough to disrupt ISIS' supply routes.
“These are all detected. There are phone recordings of this shipment like ‘don't worry about the border, we'll take care of it' and we also see the bureaucracy is being used,” he said.
Allegations against Turkey's complicity in ISIS's efforts to supply itself have been raised by several actors in the field. Russia has levelled allegation that Turkey is responsible for allowing ISIS' oil trade to continue. Kurdish and Syrian Sunni groups have also accused the Turkish government of complicity in allowing ISIS' arms and oil smuggling operations through Turkey.
In “Humboldt's Gift,” Saul Bellow wrote that the United States is “a big operation, very big.” One thing is certain: It is bigger than this little man.
Trumpism is a form of collective gaslighting at Twitter speed. It is founded on the principle that velocity trumps veracity — perfect for the president's manic personality. It reflects the president's intuitive sense — through his own acute experience — of limited attention spans. It seeks to achieve dominance through a whirlwind of individually meaningless but cumulatively manipulative statements.
Max Weber, the German sociologist, contrasted modern “legal rule” with “traditional rule.” In the first, “the person who commands has himself to obey the rule;” in the second, the lord's administrative staff is made up of “personal dependents (members of the household or household officials) or from relatives or personal friends (favorites).” In this setup, “the bureaucratic idea of competence as objectively demarcated spheres of responsibility is absent.”
Trump functions, still, within our democratic institutions, but with a personal court (composed in part of family). Legal rule, as defined by Weber, is not really his thing. The vassal-like professions of fealty from his cabinet the other day — feudalism meets Pyongyang — demonstrated why he likes Saudi Arabia so much and has such evident reservations about the Republic.
There are many things that concern me about the Trump presidency — in fact, few don't — but the frivolous blurring of truth and untruth, fact and falsehood, is the most grave. Liberty depends on facts. When the distinction between truth and lies disappears there is no basis for the rational discourse on which the organization of a free society, governed by laws, depends. Disorientation propagates itself — and disoriented people are more inclined to accept a despot as sole font of truth.
There's no policy toward Syria. There's no policy toward Russia. There's contempt from the White House for important European allies. There's shock — really — that China is not whipping North Korea into shape. There's a grotesque attempt to deprive tens of millions of Americans of health insurance. There's contempt from a man of 71 for the planet his grandchildren will inherit.
All of this is serious. But it's not as serious as the seeping, constant attempt — one sacred value at a time — to disorient Americans to the point they accept the unacceptable, cede to the grotesque, acquiesce to total arbitrariness as a governing principle. On one side the Constitution; on the other the rabbit hole that leads to the Trump International Hotel.
Life in the Malian capital Bamako is slowly returning to normal after mutinous soldiers seized power, toppling the democratically elected government of President Ahmed Toumani Toure.
Fuel stations and market stalls reopened on Sunday after a decrease in the gunfire and looting that followed Wednesday's overnight coup.
The military junta that ousted Toure has ordered all soldiers back to barracks, but rebels in the country's north exploiting the coup have been pushing towards three northern towns, the Reuters news agency reported.
"Compared to those other days, things are calm. We can get on with our lives a bit," Bouba Traore, a Bamako resident, said while sipping tea with friends under a tree.
"I'm not sure we can say it is completely normal though. We'll have to wait until Tuesday or Wednesday for that."
Traffic police returned to busy intersections and workers were back on building sites for the first time in days.
At the Medine market, lorries were unloading mountains of yams, onions and tomatoes from the growing regions of Sikasso and Segou.
Call for talks
News of relative calm came as Captain Amadou Sanogo, the coup leader, announced on Saturday that he was in control of the country and that he had no fears of a countercoup.
Sanogo, a US-trained officer, said he wanted peace talks with the rebels whose northern rebellion was the trigger that led him to oust Toure's government.
"Tuareg people in the north, Arab people, are our brothers," Sanogo told the Associated Press news agency in an interview, appearing exhausted and his voice hoarse.
"I want all of them to come to the same table right after this interview, my door is open, we should talk about this process."
The coup began after low-ranking officers and rank-and-file soldiers mutinied over what they called government's failure to rein in a Tuareg-led insurrection in the north.
Mali watchers say Sanogo's ouster of Toure, coming just five weeks before he was to step down after presidential elections, threatens the cause of democracy in a region prone to coups.
It also jeopardises Mali's standing at the heart of the Western-backed campaign against Africa's thriving wing of al-Qaeda.
The European Union, the World Bank and the African Development Bank have all suspended aid because of the coup.
The African Union has suspended the country's membership while the United States is considering suspending all but humanitarian aid.
Soldiers deserting
A senior rebel commander meanwhile said Malian soldiers were deserting by the dozens while others were retreating without a fight amid disarray in the army command, the Associated Press reported.
The rebels are led by battle-hardened colonels who fought in the army of Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi before returning home heavily armed.
Mali's land borders and airspace remained closed Saturday, trapping thousands of visitors including three African foreign ministers who were there for a meeting. The country has been under a curfew since the coup.
Sanogo would not say where Toure is, or even if he knows his whereabouts. "As a soldier, I have my secrets," is all he would say.
Pushed about whether Toure is protected by any soldiers, he said: "Not even one."
He was contradicted by one officer who told the Associated Press that a handful of the red-bereted parachutists who made up the presidential guard remain with the toppled leader. The officer spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals.
The African Union also said on Thursday that it had information that Toure was safe, under the protection of Red Berets at a location not far from Bamako.
In conjunction with the release of his new album, Ufabulum, Squarepusher added tour dates for this fall. The drum and bass icon returned to performing live earlier this year for San Francisco's Creator's Project, after a seven year hiatus. Here's what Thrillcall writer Phillip Taylor-Parker had to say about the performance:
I was in the photo pit for this one, hands hovering near my ears at all times should one of my earplugs decide to leap from my ear cavity in protest. Those earplugs were my two best friends during the Squarepusher set, as he worked every thunderous rumble he could out of the chin-high stack of floor amps that lined the entire base of the stage. The quality of Squarepusher's set probably depends on your familiarity with his cult status in the drum and bass arena. If you know him as Aphex Twin's worthy contemporary — a secluded innovator responsible for guiding the twitchy micro-sequenced electronic music scene — it probably served you well enough to bask in the glow of his first US performance in 7 years, and let the experience just sort of wash over you. If you aren't familiar…well, you watched a man press the space bar and hype the crowd like a mad conductor, jabbing at the air as if “directing” the breakdowns and flip-ups which were clearly programmed into the set from the start.
To boot, every performance by Squarepusher is visually conceived, written, and designed by him; and, each show is promised to evolve over the coming months creating an unique experience for each performance. Just take a look at the video for “Dark Steering” featured below to get a visual jolting.
On Squarepusher's website, he explains the importance of music and visuals for his album:
Music always has an imaginary visual aspect for me, ranging from evocations of simple combinations of colours, through complex geometric arrangements to real-life scenes. This project is focused on allowing visual aspects to feed back to the music that I make and vice versa, in order to bind them as closely together as I can. I've only ever seen the point of using imagery when it is completely locked, both rhythmically and conceptually, to the music.
You can catch him on tour this fall at one of the select dates below.
Tour dates
7/31 – Portland, OR – Wonder Ballroom US
8/2 – San Francisco, CA – Regency Ballroom
8/4 – Los Angeles CA – HARD Summer Music Festival
10/30 – New York, NY – (Details to be announced soon)
10/31 – Boston, MA – Royale
11/3 – Chicago, IL – Metro http://www.metrochicago.com
About
Have you ever gone to the fridge in your office or dorm to grab your lunch and discovered that someone ate it? It's happened to all of us! So how do you stop those sneaky snackers ...?
It's Here – Your Personal Storage Container!
Lokables™ are the first customizable combination lock storage containers that are microwave and dishwasher safe. They're versatile, reliable, fun and great for keeping your lunch and valuables safe!
Lokables™ are made from high-impact plastic which is FDA food safe and BPA-free. They feature a silicone air fresh and leakproof seal.
How it Works
Lokables™ are easy to use – you simply customize your personal code and click the button to open! Shut the lid and dial away from your code to lock.
Cool Ways to Use Lokables™
Lokables™ are perfect for lunches, chocolate stashes and things you don't want kids getting into like allergens, medications and tools and sharp objects. They come in lots of fun colors and styles so you can hide or show what you want. Lokables™ can be used by the whole family.
No more stolen lunches at work or school!
Keep chocolate stashes and treats safe
Add a layer of safety between kids and medications
Keep tools and arts & craft supplies from being scattered
Keep kids away from allergens
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Lokables™ are dishwasher safe
Lokables™ are microwave safe
We asked potential customers how they would use Lokables™ and here's what they said:
Becky M: "To control kids' Halloween candy so they can't have a sugar feeding frenzy after trick-or-treating!"
Stephen R: "On a boat to keep your stuff dry – wallet, cell phone, cigarettes, etc."
More ideas included:
"Don't want to share your makeup with your daughter, sister or a roommate? Place it in your personal beauty safe!"
"Locking up secret Christmas or birthday gifts."
"As storage for your valuables during travel."
Rewards
We're offering four different models as our rewards – Fresh, Treat, Care and Tool. You can choose a solid or transparent lid!
We're offering four different models as rewards – you can choose a solid or transparent lid!
Save with Super Early Bird, Early Bird and Bundles!
Each Lokables™ holds 7.4 cups / 1750 mL
How We Designed & Tested Lokables™
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Tiffany with three models
We set out to come up with a locking storage container that was tough, secure and cool enough to actually take to school or work.
Early sketches
Organic sketches
Early considerations included compartmentalization which proved to be too costly for manufacture.
Refined sketch
Clay models were made to examine form change and ergonomics.
Clay form development
Soon we began experimenting with combination lock designs by 3D printing buttons, tumblers and dials and trying out different types of springs. We settled on a composite resin spring that was extremely durable as well as heat and microwave inert.
Testing springs and materials
We used 3D printing to make our first complete working prototypes.
Early functional lock
Organic form prototype
Did we mention we made a lot of 3D prototypes?
Endless piles of 3D prototypes
With the help of a lot of user testing and feedback, we honed in on what people really wanted in a portable locking food storage container. Users also told us about all of the other cool things they would use it for!
Functional prototypes
Final design CAD We're offering Lokables™ at Super and Early Bird prices as well as cost-saving Bundles. The cost of one Lokables™ could pay for itself by saving you your next three lunches! Manufacturing & Production We have agreements with established U.S. companies to supply key components and manufacture Lokables™; Lee Spring and ServTech Plastics. Lee Spring in New York City is one of the oldest and largest spring manufacturers in the world. They're supplying the proprietary composite resin springs which make Lokables™ so reliable as well as dishwasher and microwave-safe. Over the past year we've worked closely with Lee Springs engineers to ensure that all mechanical specifications and FDA requirements will be met to create a reliable and safe end product. Lee Spring composite resin springs are central to the Lokables™ design Lee Spring spring former on factory floor ServTech Plastics in Monrovia, CA is one of the most respected tooling producers and plastic injection molding manufacturers in the business. They're cutting the metal tool molds and running the injection molding machines which will produce all the parts necessary to assemble each Lokables unit. We've closely reviewed the CAD files with ServTech engineers and producers to confirm manufacturing design and price point. We're collectively confident that we're ready to advance directly into the tooling stage at the successful conclusion of our Kickstarter Campaign. ServTech Plastics injection molding facility Steel injection molding tool at ServTech Plastics Team Tiffany Breanna is the Co-Founder of Lokables LLC. She's a self-confessed foodie and lover of culture and travel. She currently works as a professional commercial broadcast actress in Los Angeles, CA. She partnered with YERO.tv in Los Angeles, CA to develop Lokables™. YERO.tv, headed by Yerem Tagvoryan, provided the industrial and marketing design expertise to develop and engineer Lokables™. YERO.tv is staffed by a small team of industrial and graphic designers with a combined experience of over twenty years spanning cinematography, direction, photography, motion graphics, animation and industrial CAD. Additional engineering and design for manufacturing services were provided by Concepts Engineering for Plastics in Rancho, Cucamonga, CA.
After two years of research and development – testing different shapes, sizes and plastic materials – we've arrived at the final version for Lokables™. Now we're asking the Kickstarter Community for help in raising the funds needed to pay for the expensive metal tooling and to secure third party components at a volume discount.
Black Female Activist Calls for Kendrick Lamar Boycott Because His Fianceé is Light Skinned
After a successful album release, rapper Kendrick Lamar announced the engagement to his long term girlfriend and high school sweetheart Whitney Alford. All should've been well and good with this news but one woman in particular was not pleased. Activist Rashida Marie Strober who is also manager of the “Dark Skin is Beautiful” campaign called for a boycott of Lamar's music after learning of his engagement.
well, well, well would you looky here! ANOTHER FAKE CONSCIOUS MUTHER FUKER EXPOSED. I will never support him nor his music with one dime of my money and encourage all dark skinned women not to either! Posted by The Dark Skin Activist Rashida Strober on Friday, April 3, 2015
Strober called for the boycott based solely on the color of Alford's skin, as if to say anything progressive Lamar has done up to this point was now deemed null and void. Welp. There's one less Waterford crystal purchased off the wedding registry. But we don't think Strober's presence would be missed had she been invited to witness the nuptials of the happy couple.
The interesting thing is that Kendrick has been with Whitney since high school, long long before he was famous. MediaTakeout.com located this old pic of the couple. He's now 27, so it's been a decade.
And in a recent interview with The Breakfast Club, Kendrick discussed Whitney's long term presence in his life.
Yeah, yeah [we definitely got engaged]. I'm loyal to the soil. At the end of the day, you wanna always have real people around you, period. Whether it's male or female. And everybody that's been around me, they've been around me since day one, and I can't change that. I don't change for nobody. I can't run from that. I always show respect when respect's been given, and people that's been by your side, you're supposed to honor that. And that's how you stand up. Running around it and not acknowledging it is trivial.
What are your thoughts?
NextPonziV2
Offline
Activity: 14
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 14Merit: 0 [OVER 60BTC TOTAL INVESTED, NEW ROUNDS] NextPonzi.com V2 | 100% Automatic | 130% Instant Payments January 18, 2015, 03:29:40 AM
Last edit: January 19, 2015, 08:27:30 AM by NextPonziV2 #1 NEW ROUND BEGINS @ 1:30pm GMT Jan 19! Check site for countdown!
We want to thank you all for a massive milestone of over 60BTC Invested in the previous rounds. We are going to try to continue to grow and hopefully we can kick off as one of the best ponzi sites on the web, and we will be sure that we are here to stay
This is the new official thread, please come here for support and more information
New Rounds:
48 Hours: Ends 20th of January 12pm GMT
Weekly: Ends 26th of January 12pm GMT (not yet started, starts 19th Jan 1:30pm GMT) 48 Hour: Ends 20th of January 12pm GMT
NextPonzi.com - The Best Automated Bitcoin Game
If you invest, we encourage you post your TXID for transparency reasons.
URL: https://nextponzi.com
Main Features:
-- SSL Security
-- DDOS Protection
-- 100% Automated
-- 130%/120% Payouts, completely instant
-- Constant improvements
-- Multiple Games
-- Realtime site update, as soon you deposit it is listed automatically on site
Weekly Game Address & Details: 1NeXTv16ocLvUMYvNjXqkb6b1xMzbeCi2p
URL:
-- Lasts 7 days
-- Offers 130% Payouts
-- Maximum 1.5BTC Deposit
-- Minimum 0.01BTC Deposit
1NeXT48jwJGuMujp5QNWSv98zr8189v3C8
48hr Game Address & Details: 1NeXT48jwJGuMujp5QNWSv98zr8189v3C8
URL:
-- Lasts 2 days
-- Offers 120% Payouts
-- Maximum 0.5BTC Deposit
-- Minimum 0.01BTC Deposit
We have noticed a lot of sites popping up (and even some sites simply saying "send your coins here"), we decided to make one that works and stays true to its word. Many are claiming to be instant or automated without being so, We are most definitely automated and instant, and our custom script will prove so! If you invest, we encourage you post your TXID for transparency reasons.-- SSL Security-- DDOS Protection-- 100% Automated-- 130%/120% Payouts, completely instant-- Constant improvements-- Multiple Games-- Realtime site update, as soon you deposit it is listed automatically on siteURL: https://nextponzi.com -- Lasts 7 days-- Offers 130% Payouts-- Maximum 1.5BTC Deposit-- Minimum 0.01BTC Deposit1NeXT48jwJGuMujp5QNWSv98zr8189v3C8URL: https://nextponzi.com/48game.php -- Lasts 2 days-- Offers 120% Payouts-- Maximum 0.5BTC Deposit-- Minimum 0.01BTC Deposit
http://i.imgur.com/cKdQAoW.png
In the past week we have:
-- Fixed all PHP and API related bugs brought forward to us. Thank you to all who did, and we won't be forgetting your addresses in the weeks to come.
-- Ran several tests to make sure future rounds are A-OK
-- Moved to Dedicated hosting with DDoS protection and SSL protection, NO MORE DOWNTIME guys!
-- Cut down Entry processes for the new round to ensure there is absolutely NO DOWNTIME for the new rounds! Which by the way, should now be 100% working.
Chain.com API and Blockchain API are now 100% working for the current round (meaning all tables are updated and same with BTC until next payout) as well as for all future rounds. NO MORE ERRORS! Future rounds will be 100% automated from now on
We will be providing support from this account for Version 2. If you have any questions and for some reason we cannot answer them here on bitcointalk, our email is
Thank you for playing @ NextPonzi.com!
Previous Rounds:
Weekly Round #1, 35~BTC invested:
48hr Round #1, ~15.5BTC Invested:
48hr Round #2, ~6.5BTC Invested:
48hr Round #3, ~3BTC Invested:
Total: ~60BTC total invested from the past 4 rounds -- Fixed all PHP and API related bugs brought forward to us. Thank you to all who did, and we won't be forgetting your addresses in the weeks to come.-- Ran several tests to make sure future rounds are A-OK-- Moved to Dedicated hosting with DDoS protection and SSL protection, NO MORE DOWNTIME guys!-- Cut down Entry processes for the new round to ensure there is absolutely NO DOWNTIME for the new rounds! Which by the way, should now be 100% working.Chain.com API and Blockchain API are now 100% working for the current round (meaning all tables are updated and same with BTC until next payout) as well as for all future rounds. NO MORE ERRORS! Future rounds will be 100% automated from now onWe will be providing support from this account for Version 2. If you have any questions and for some reason we cannot answer them here on bitcointalk, our email is nextponzi@gmail.com for (almost) instant support, 24/7Thank you for playing @ NextPonzi.com!Weekly Round #1, 35~BTC invested: https://blockchain.info/address/1NeXTv16ocLvUMYvNjXqkb6b1xMzbeCi2p 48hr Round #1, ~15.5BTC Invested: https://blockchain.info/address/1NExt48hXN8whxhoYsSJHbVCVDSP3g6rEz 48hr Round #2, ~6.5BTC Invested: https://blockchain.info/address/1NEXt48wnRS1Ymw5K2HqzXLJL76PmBveTZ 48hr Round #3, ~3BTC Invested: https://blockchain.info/address/1NeXT48jwJGuMujp5QNWSv98zr8189v3C8 Total: ~60BTC total invested from the past 4 rounds
Klementinum is a large complex of buildings in Prague, consisting of churches, astronomical tower and a library. It is the first college in Prague where the Jesuits came in 1556. Ferdinand I called them up to Prague in order to help him in his Counter-Reformation effort. After arrival, they settled in a former Dominican monastery of St. Clement in the Old Town (Staré Město) next to the Charles Bridge (Karlův most). This small church later gave a name to the entire complex – Klementinum. When the Jesuit Order was dissolved and the Jesuits had to leave Prague in 1773, the Klementinum complex was taken over by Prague University and the National Library. It is the largest complex of buildings in Prague, after Prague castle, including the Church of St. Clemens and the Church of St. Salvator. The walls of the Baroque fortress enclosed a college, schools, churches, a library, a theatre, an observatory and a printing shop. Concerts are often held in the Mirror Chapel (1724-30).
One of the most amazing buildings in the complex is the Baroque library hall which was finished in 1722. Its appearance and arrangement – for example the labels on library bookcases – survive intact. Thus it provides us with an example of the setting of an authentic Baroque library. The books in this hall constitute a collection of printed theological literature written in all languages except Czech, gathered as they were arriving at the Klementinum from 1600 until recent times. The books with whitened backs and red marks have been there all along since the Jesuit period. The ceiling decoration, created by Jan Hiebl, symbolizes the antique wisdom and learning as the basis which leads to Biblical prophets and later to Christian teachings.
On the sides there are profiles of significant Jesuits and at the head of the library there is a painting of Joseph II, who enriched the Klementinum library with confiscated properties of abolished monastic libraries. Around the walls there is a gallery with a balcony with a forged railing. In the middle of the hall are placed ancient globes. According to the legend, the Jesuits brought with them a single book upon their arrival, but when they finish building the library, they had 20.000 volumes. As early as in 1777, the library was opened to the public as the Imperial and Royal Public and University Library. The library collections were rapidly growing. From 1782, all Prague printers had to hand in obligatory copies and after 25 years, this obligation spread to the entire territory of the Czech lands.
Today, the library is in use as the National library and has over 6 million books. The oldest book is the Vyšehrad Codex (Vyšehradský kodex), there is the Chronicle of Dalimil (Dalimilova kronika) in a pocket edition and there are books on dogmatics, hermetics, numerology and many other rare volumes.
Interestingly, the oldest weather recording in the area of the Czech lands started in Klementinum in the year 1775. The recording continues through the present day.
David Plouffe joined left-wing MSNBC's Chuck Todd for an interview with Meet The Press that aired on Sunday, denying that the ostensibly charitable Clinton Foundation operated as a money-laundering vehicle for purchasing political influence.
“My strong belief is, I don't believe people gave to the Clinton Foundation expecting access. I mean, look at some of the people who were listed in some of these fairly erroneous press reports: Melinda Gates, Muhammad Yunus, Elie Wiesel, so you've got people, I think, these are very wealthy people who care about the work of the Clinton Foundation."
Todd noted Plouffe's deliberate avoidance of foreign governments, corporations, and individuals who donated to the Clinton Foundation, asking Plouffe why the governments of Qatar, Kuwait, and Oman had much such donations. He did not ask about the relevance of the wealth of donors in examining allegations of corruption.
Plouffe dodged the question, and Todd moved on.
During the segment, Todd played down the allegations of political influence peddling and monetization of charity and philanthropy by casting them as an issue of “appearance.”
Earlier in the show, Todd asked Republican National Committee chair Reince Priebus if Donald Trump's refusal to release tax returns compromised the GOP presidential nominee's credibility when alleging corruption on the side of the Clinton Foundation.
Todd presents himself as an objective news anchor.
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter.
The announcement that Daniel Cormier's return to the cage would come against Rashad Evans at UFC 170 was a minor surprise, but it was also a nice one. Cormier's drop from heavyweight down to light heavyweight is going to come with an immediate big test, even if Rashad may have fallen off a bit since his peak years.
The bout is a strange one for Cormier, however. He explained that facing his friend is going to be a bit of a challenge on The MMA Hour (transcription via MMA Mania):
"I offered them (UFC) up a whole bunch of different scenarios and this was the fight that was going to happen. I would have preferred to fight someone else, but the UFC are going to make the fights and its our job to fight. I care about him a ton and I think he's a great guy, but now it's time to get down to business and were going to get in that cage and I have to try and hurt him. I can't go into the cage feeling like I don't want to hurt my buddy because otherwise he is going to hurt me and beat me and that will set me back and keep me from obtaining my goals."
Cormier is coming off dominant decision wins over Frank Mir and Roy Nelson in his two fights since moving to the UFC following the closure of Strikeforce. Those wins moved his career mark to 13-0 and many fans have spent the last few years calling for him to drop to 205 where he may be even better as he stands a few inches short of six feet tall.
Evans is on a two fight win streak, having picked up a somewhat controversial split decision win over Dan Henderson before thoroughly dismantling Chael Sonnen via first round TKO at UFC 167.
California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) late Sunday vetoed legislation that would have required presidential candidates to make their tax returns public in order to qualify for the state ballot.
The bill passed the Democratic-dominated legislature after President Trump broke longstanding precedent by refusing to make public his tax returns during the 2016 campaign.
ADVERTISEMENT
But Brown said the measure represented a possible slippery slope that could force candidates to release other private information, like health records, school records — and even a birth certificate.
"While I recognize the political attractiveness — even the merits — of getting President Trump's tax returns, I worry about the political perils of individual states seeking to regulate presidential elections in this manner," Brown wrote in a veto message. "Will these requirements vary depending on which political party is in power?"
"I hesitate to start down a road that well might lead to an ever escalating set of differing state requirements for presidential candidates," Brown said.
Democratic legislators in several states had introduced measures designed to force Trump to release his taxes, though California was the only state to pass such a bill this year.
Sunday was the deadline for Brown to sign or veto measures from the 2017 legislative session. Brown has signed hundreds of bills into law over the last few weeks since the legislature left Sacramento, including overhauls of the state's criminal justice system, measures aimed at increasing zero-emission cars and improving transparency in drug pricing, and a package of bills aimed at addressing an acute housing shortage.
The presidential tax return measure was one of a few dozen Brown has vetoed in recent weeks.
The measure's primary sponsor, state Sen. Mike McGuire (D), represents the heart of California wine country, which has been ravaged by fire over the last week. McGuire, who has been touring his district organizing aid in the last week, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
I wrote an article for Wired about the return of the geekiest TV show ever. I didn't have room to include some game-related stuff, so I'm posting it this week on Game|Life. Who could axe for a better Xmas gift?
This first post is about the single most gamer-friendly episode of Futurama.
THE SCENE: It's the 31st century, and Earth is being bombarded by invaders...possibly from space. They attack in formation, moving from left to right, then dropping down, changing directions and speeding up. "Tremble in fear at our three different kinds of ships!" says the evil alien Lrrr of planet Nintendu 64.
Their movements look somewhat familiar to Philip J. Fry, an interloper from the 20th century. The fate of the Earth now rests on his ability to summon up the skills he honed during his misspent childhood. Can he blast these dastardly space invaders out of the sky?
Fry tries to get back into his old arcade gamer mindset. "All right," he says. "It's Saturday night. I have no date, a two-liter bottle of Shasta and my all-Rush mix tape. Let's rock!"
That's how the climactic sequence from the Futurama segment “Raiders of the Lost Arcade” begins. It has become a gamer touchstone, just as the Futurama episode "Where No Fan Has Gone Before" has become a Trekkie touchstone. The people who made this animated scifi comedy are masters of nerd fan service.
“Raiders of the Lost Arcade” is a nonstop barrage of game references. There are gags about warp pipes, free lives, and allusions to Battle
Zone, Missile Command and Pac-Man. But the climactic battle is the showstopper. At first, Fry's attempts to thwart the space invaders seem successful. “I've still got a trick or two up my sleeve," he brags as Rush's track Tom Sawyer plays in the background. "Watch as I fire upwards through our own shield!”
His showboating terrifies his friends. The robot Bender screams, "He's a madman! A madman!"
Fry is ultimately unable to kill the last alien. Game Over. The commander of the space invaders emerges from his ship and taunts his human adversary. “Instead of shooting where I was, you should have shot at where I was going to be!” he says.
The evil alien is joined by his evil arcade comrades: Donkey Kong, a fried egg from Burger Time, a robot from* Berserk*, a brain from Robotron. Q*bert is also there, and he spouts some characteristically garbled dialogue which, when played backwards, is revealed to be “Where can a guy get some pants around here?”
Did you get that? Geeks who actually went to the trouble of playing the audio snippet backwards found an extra joke. The willingness of Futurama writers to go to so much trouble to squeeze in one more gag is typical of the show. That's why Futurama in general and the "Raiders of the Lost Arcade" segment in particular are so beloved, and it's a big part of the reason that the show is back in production. Only a tiny fragment of the audience–the Dennis Miller ratio–may get the joke. But whoever does becomes a fan for life.
"I wrote 'Raiders of the Lost Arcade'," says David X. Cohen, co-creator and showrunner of Futurama. "The origin of that idea was a whole movie about aliens invading earth in the exact pattern of Space Invaders. I had high hopes, but the feature idea got chopped down to five minutes."
Cohen is a gamer geek who studied theoretical computer science at
Cal Berkeley before going into comedy writing. He and many of the other writers on the show are familiar with games and the underlying programming languages used to make them, and they slipped in little references that only a fellow gamer would get.
You can listen to Cohen and the other writers discuss their fave games on the commentary track to this episode, which is on the Futurama Season 3 box set. You can also keep refreshing Game|Life this week for more game-related Futurama goodness*.*
See Also:
Videogames And Futurama, Part 2: How Zoidberg Got His Name From A Game
Videogames And Futurama, Part 3: Pinball Wizardry
Videogames And Futurama, Part 4: The Lost Episode is on a PS2 Disc
Videogames And Futurama, Part 5: Bender Gets Medieval On The Third DVD
Futurama Is Back! Grab a Can of Slurm and Settle In
OU President David Boren issued a statement Tuesday saying the student, who had been under investigation for making racist posts toward students at the University of Pennsylvania, was no longer part of the university. (KOKH/File)
NORMAN, Okla. (KTUL) -- The University of Oklahoma student who was suspended for sending racist comments to black students at another university is no longer enrolled at OU.
OU President David Boren issued a statement Tuesday saying the student, who had been under investigation for making racist posts toward students at the University of Pennsylvania, was no longer part of the university.
"As our university has clearly demonstrated in the past, we have zero tolerance at this university for those who would engage in racism," Boren said in the statement. "We will maintain at our university a strong sense of community which values and respects every single student."
Penn President Amy Gutmann said last week the student posted "violent, racist and thoroughly disgusting images and messages," in a GroupMe account aimed at the university's black freshmen.
Boren issued a message to the OU community Monday night condemning hate speech and bigotry:
It is vitally important at this moment for the university community to reaffirm our commitment to our core values and to work together in unity to defend them. One of those values is to recognize that diversity is a source of our strength for our university community. Above all a university must be a community of learners where we love and respect each other even if we have differing opinions. This is the time when we need to reach out and express our love and concern for each other. Every student at this university is valued as a person. There will never be a place at this university for expressions of hate and bigotry. As President of this university such inhumane conduct will not be tolerated by me. It should not be tolerated anywhere in America. Cases of hate speech or threats to members of our community should be reported immediately to OUPD or the office of Equal Opportunity. You can also report to the 24/7 Reporting Hotline, 844-428-6531. OU is not a perfect place, but we will unite against these injustices whenever and wherever we encounter them. I want to thank all students, faculty and staff for standing up for these values.
With any pet insurance policy from Pets Best, you can rest assured that you will receive exceptional coverage, personal customer service, and fast and accurate claim processing. Pets Best makes it easy to protect your four-legged family members from unexpected veterinary expenses with comprehensive pet insurance plans for dogs and cats.
We strive to be transparent in what our all of our insurance policies cover. Our plans offer some of the most comprehensive coverage available in the industry, but like all other pet insurance companies, we do not cover pre-existing conditions. We understand that cheap pet insurance can be important to customers. However, we believe offering more complete pet health insurance coverage and flexible plan options provide pet parents with a better value than focusing on price alone. Our mission is to help provide customers with peace of mind knowing their pets are protected by Pets Best.
Compare Pets Best to other top pet insurance companies to see why other customers consistently choose Pets Best to provide medical insurance for their pets.
At the heart of the current debate around energy is the question of storage. In cars, how to build batteries that run for hundreds of kilometres; in electricity, storing energy from solar panels for when the sun doesn't shine.
Our analysis shows that the past very high storage costs are now rapidly falling. This suggests that the financial appeal of electric cars and stationary storage is set to keep increasing considerably in years ahead.
First introduced by Sony in 1990, lithium-ion batteries are already the dominant type of battery for technologies such as mobile phones, laptops and electric cars, and are expected to remain so for some time. Their strength lies in being able to store a high amount of energy in a relatively small and lightweight package, as well as being capable of charging and discharging thousands of times while retaining most of their storage capacity.
How much do batteries cost?
The uptake of most new technologies is initially limited by high costs. This also seems to be the case for the uptake of electric vehicles in Australia.
Batteries represent a substantial proportion of the cost of electric vehicles. For example, just the individual battery cells in the Californian Tesla Model S electric car make up 25% or more of the vehicle purchase cost.
As a result, battery costs are a key factor in whether or not, and when, certain technologies find widespread adoption. However, information on battery costs is not easily accessible. The price of batteries depends significantly on the volume ordered. For large orders, this price is set on a case-by-case basis.
Neither battery cell manufacturers nor corporate buyers of batteries tend to disclose the specific content of the deals they strike. As a result, outsiders have difficulty gaining an accurate insight into costs. The best available sources are reports by research institutes and consultancies that directly communicated with major players in this field.
To shed some light on battery cost trends, as part of a joint project between the University of Melbourne and IBM Research - Australia, we have conducted a meta-analysis of current battery costs and future cost predictions. The graph below shows the cost trends for full battery packs, which contain the battery cells themselves, battery management electronics, a cooling system, and protective housing.
The analysed studies (links at end) focus specifically on battery packs for automotive markets. However, the battery packs for other large applications, such as domestic systems used to store energy from solar panels for evening use, are very similar so the results have implications far beyond the automotive domain.
The results indicate that battery pack costs per kilowatt-hour have been decreasing rapidly, from an average cost of around US$800 in 2009 to around US$600 this year. Furthermore, this decreasing trend is expected to continue, with battery system costs predicted to drop to around US$310 by 2020 and further to US$150 by 2030.
However, there are significant differences in the estimates, particularly regarding current costs and those until 2020. If these correspond to differences in specific deals struck, they could well be the determining factor for economic success of the corresponding battery purchasing companies.
More affordable electric cars
To put the numbers into perspective, one kilowatt-hour of storage offers sufficient energy to travel approximately 6km in an electric car, or 120km on an electric bicycle. While the battery of an electric car capable of driving 200km would have cost around US$28k in 2009 and US$22k today, the cost is expected to drop to US$11k by 2020 and around US$5k by 2030.
In addition to the initial cost, it is important to consider that despite presently high electricity prices in Australia, the cost of fully charging a 200km-electric car is only around AU$8. Assuming petrol prices keep rising as they have in recent years, it seems very likely that for many people electric cars may soon offer clear economic benefits over petrol cars.
More affordable storage for solar power
Beyond transportation there are many other fields that are directly impacted by reducing battery cost.
Rooftop solar storage, for example, can benefit greatly by being able to store surplus energy generated during the day for use later in the evening. In addition to the personal satisfaction that comes from knowing that your own roof is powering your evening energy needs, there are also financial benefits.
For example, a typical Victorian customer with rooftop panels will earn around 8₵ for feeding one kilowatt-hour into the grid during the day, but pay 33₵ to buy back the same amount in the evening.
Consider this analogy: You have an apple tree that drops a fresh apple every afternoon. But you rarely fancy eating apples in the afternoon and you also don't have a fridge to store it on hot days, so you sell it to your neighbour to keep it from going to waste. Then most evenings you fancy eating an apple, so you buy one back from your neighbour. The “catch” is that you sell the apple for $1 but buy one back only a few hours later for $4, i.e. at a substantial loss.
Investing in a stationary battery system is the equivalent of buying a fridge. Both items have a big upfront cost, but once bought, mean you never again have to lose money on a daily basis by trading something that you will require only a few hours later.
The outlook
As lithium-ion battery costs continue to decrease, the opportunities to reduce on-going transportation and electricity costs become ever more positive. And the environmental benefits offered by solar generation and electric cars alike suggest that batteries, as the ticking hearts of these green technologies, may well turn users' own hearts just a little bit greener.
Full titles of the reports analysed can be found here.
This article was co-authored by Arun Vishwanath (research scientist) and Shivkumar Kalyanaraman (chief scientist) at IBM Research - Australia.
Elinor's baby son was born with a medical problem, so he couldn't be circumcised after eight days. During the time that elapsed, Elinor learned what the circumcision procedure actually entails, “and I realized that I couldn't do that to my son. He's perfect just as he is.” She claims the baby's father was a party to this decision. But when the two began discussing their divorce in a rabbinical court, the father demanded that the mother be forced to have their son circumcised, as reported by Netta Ahituv on November 26.
In an unprecedented decision, the rabbinical court ordered Elinor to circumcise her son against her will, and ruled that for every day for which she refuses to carry out the procedure, she will have to pay a fine of NIS 500. In response to the appeal she submitted to the Rabbinical Court of Appeals, the rabbinical judges wrote that “Removing the foreskin prepares the spiritual soul to receive the yoke of the kingdom of heaven and to learn God's Torah and His commandments.”
Another explanation they gave for rejecting the appeal related to the public battles against circumcision in Europe and the United States. “The Israeli public sees this as another expression of anti-Semitism, which must be fought,” they wrote.
Alongside these embarrassing arguments, they claimed that “The commandment of circumcision is the covenant God made with His chosen people.” But circumcision is first and foremost a surgical operation performed on the body of a baby who is under his parents' care. The fact that this operation is “performed on every Jewish boy,” to quote the rabbinical judges, doesn't justify their conclusion that “When one parent demands this, the other parent cannot stay his hand.”
The question of whether a baby should be circumcised should not be decided by a rabbinical court at all, but by his parents. If the parents cannot resolve their disagreement, reason actually mandates refraining from this irreversible operation, and letting the child decide for himself when he grows up. It is hoped that the High Court of Justice, which will soon be asked to decide this case, will overturn the rabbinical court's decision. The justices will thereby send an important message that in Israel, individual rights take precedence over religious customs, however widespread they are.
A Jewish family at a brit mila ceremony. Gil Cohen-Magen
Story highlights Maximilian Schell won Academy Award for role in "Judgment at Nuremberg"
He was one of the most successful German-speaking actors in English-language films
Shell's portrayal of defense attorney at Nuremberg brought him international acclaim
Austrian-born actor Maximilian Schell, winner of an Academy Award for his portrayal of a defense lawyer in "Judgment at Nuremberg," has died, his agent, Patricia Baumbauer, said Saturday. He was 83.
Schell died at an hospital in Innsbruck, Austria, with his wife, Iva, at his side, Baumbauer told CNN.
"He was suffering from a long illness," Baumbauer said. "My mother was Schell's agent for over 50 years, and when she died four years ago, he remained with the agency. He was like a father to me and knew me my entire life."
JUST WATCHED Actor Maximilian Schell dies Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Actor Maximilian Schell dies 00:47
Schell, one of the most successful German-speaking actors in English-language films, made his Hollywood debut in 1958 in the World War II film "The Young Lions," according to IMDb.
In his second Hollywood role, as defense attorney Hans Rolfe in Stanley Kramer's classic "Judgment at Nuremberg," he won the 1961 Academy Award for Best Actor and beat out co-star Spencer Tracy for the Oscar, according to IMDb. He also earned a Golden Globe and the New York Film Critics Circle Award for the role, which brought him international acclaim.
Schell's acting eventually won him two more Oscar nominations -- in 1976 for Best Actor for "The Man in the Glass Booth" and in 1978 for Best Supporting Actor for "Julia," according to IMDb.
As a director, Schell's 1984 documentary on Marlene Dietrich, "Marlene" was nominated for the best documentary Oscar and praised as a masterpiece of the nonfiction genre, according to IMDb. Dietrich allowed herself to be recorded but refused to be filmed, bringing out the most in Schell's talent to penetrate images and uncover reality.
Schell was born in Vienna on December 8, 1930, and raised in Zurich, Switzerland.
For quite some time I've been wanting to put together a pluggable Django application for querying Yahoo! BOSS. In itself doing that is pretty trivial though, so the app needed to include some kind of special sauce to sweeten the deal. I hope you'll find the taste agreeable.
This is django-springsteen. (Credit for the name goes entirely to Justin Lilly.)
springsteen provides a trivial wrapper for Yahoo! BOSS, but goes further and provides a simple framework for building distributed search networks. If you dream of a world where every blog network is searchable, and each niche has its own vertical search, then springsteen is for you.
Let's start with some examples.
Querying BOSS for Web Results
springsteen has prebuilt views for searching Yahoo! BOSS for web, images and news results, making this the simplest usecase.
from django.conf.urls.defaults import * from springsteen.views import web , images , news urlpatterns = patterns ( '' , ( r'^search/web/$' , web ), ( r'^search/images/$' , images ), ( r'^search/news/$' , news ), )
Then navigate to http://yourproject.com/search/web/ (or /search/images/ or /search/news/ and you'll immediately have a search page waiting for you.
The search results for Web --as well as all implemented services--are cached using the caching backend specified in your settings.py file. The speed benefits of caching Yahoo! BOSS may be fairly minimal, but for more exotic services (and frequent searches) the caching may become more of a feature.
To clean up the appearance override either the springsteen/base.html or springsteen/results.html templates. (You can also override the *_result.html templates to customize differerent result types.)
BOSS Results with Site Restrict
If you only want web results on a single site (the poor man's site search), you can subclass the springsteen.services.Web class (you could restrict news or images, by subclassing the springsteen.services.News and springsteen.services.Images classes respectively).
First the subclassing.
from springsteen.services import Web class DjangoProjectSearch ( Web ): def __init__ ( self , query , params = {}): super ( Web , self ) . __init__ ( query , params ) self . params [ 'sites' ] = 'djangoproject.com'
You can add other parameters as well, which are defined in the Yahoo! BOSS documentation.
After writing your custom search, then write a view which uses it.
from springsteen.views import search from my_searches import DjangoProjectSearch def dp_search ( request , timeout = 2000 , max_count = 5 , \ services = ( DjangoProjectSearch ,), extra_params = {}): return search ( request , timeout , max_count , services , extra_params )
Querying Multiple Services in Parallel
One of the frequent mistakes I've made as a web developer is to make http requests sequentially when they could have been done concurrently. springsteen aims to aggregate numerous search services, so it needs to be able to request and process them in parallel.
To perform concurrent requests simply specify multiple services. (Note that the below values defined in settings are not standard, but you can put them in your settings.py if that's how you like to organize globals.)
from django.conf import settings from springsteen.services import Web , Images from springsteen.views import search def my_search ( request ): timeout = settings . SPRINGSTEEN_TIMEOUT max_count = setttings . SPRINGSTEEN_MAX_COUNT services = ( Web , Images ) return search ( request , timeout , max_count , services )
By default results from services are stacked on one another. For example, results from the above my_search would return all results from Images and then begin showing results from Web .
Ranking results is the hardest part of search, and springsteen won't solve that. Instead it'll give you the levers to do it yourself. For most small scale situations it should be possible to write fairly concise ranking logic that is specific to the services you're querying that will outperform any generic genius that springsteen might try to provide.
Exposing Results via a Springsteen Service
Because springsteen is all about aggregating search services, it will be gradually extended to understand new formats. However, sometimes you just want to expose new data to springsteen , and haven't already decided on a format.
For those situations, you can use a Springsteen Service. Cool name aside, they are about as simple as it gets. Let's imagine that you can somehow get search results in CSV format (no it doesn't make sense, it's an example).
Perhaps your data looks like this:
title, url, text abc, http://yadayad/abc/, some text here efg, http://yadayad/efg/, some text here as well
and you have a function csv_search which returns relevant rows. You could expose that via a Springsteen Service as follows.
from csv import DictReader from fake_web_service import csv_search from django.utils import simplejson from springsteen.views import service def retrieve_csv_results ( query , start , count ): csv_results , total_results = csv_search ( query , start , count ) results = [] for line in DictReader ( csv_results ): result = { 'title' : line [ 'title' ], 'url' : line [ 'url' ], 'text' : line [ 'text' ], } results . append ( result ) data = { 'total_results' : total_results , 'results' : results , } return simplejson . dumps ( data ) def my_service ( request ): return service ( request , retrieve_func = retrieve_csv_results )
At this point in time the only three acknowledged fields for a Springsteen Service are the above title , url and text . As need arrises the standard may be fleshed out to accomodate additional metadata.
Rather than the hypothetical csv_search , you can use this approach to wrap Solango or Django-Sphinx results, as well as routing to non-Django apis or services in your ecosystem.
A Search API Repeater & Transformer
Let's say you want to implement a site search api for your blog, but don't have the "engineering resources" to integrate a solution like Solango or Django-Sphinx.
First we need to subclass Web to get our site's results.
from springsteen.services import Web class MySiteService ( Web ): def __init__ ( self , query , params = {}): super ( Web , self ) . __init__ ( query , params ) self . params [ 'sites' ] = 'lethain.com'
Then we need to expose the results.
from django.http import HttpResponse from springsteen.views import service from django.utils import simplejson from somewhere import MySiteService def retrieve_func ( query , start , count ): params = { 'start' : start , 'count' : count } mss = MySiteService ( query , params ) mss . run () results = mss . results () json = simplejson . dumps ( results ) return HttpResponse ( json , mimetype = "application/json" )
Now the Yahoo! BOSS results are transformed in the Springsteen Service format, and can be predictably queried by external springsteen searches.
Retrieving Results from Springsteen Service
Retrieving results from a Springsteen Service is simple, akin to retrieving Yahoo! BOSS results.
from springsteen.services import SpringsteenService , Web from springsteen.views import search class MyService ( SpringsteenService ): _uri = "http://example.com/search/cvs/" def my_search ( request , timeout = 2500 , max_count = 20 ): services = ( MyService , Web ) return search ( request , timeout , max_count , services )
springsteen already knows how to display results from a Springsteen Service, so integration is rather concise.
Accessing a Custom Service
It's always easiest when you can get partners to expose a service in the format you want (in this case, a SpringsteenService ), but sometimes you have to get in there and parse the data yourself.
In springsteen.services both the SpringsteenService and BossSearch classes provide examples of interfacing with different data formats.
The key point is to write a run method that retrieves results and converts them into a Python list of dictionaries. If you want to render them with one of the existing template fragments (web, news, image or springsteen results) then you should add the corresponding value to the source key for each result's dictionary.
def run ( self ): stuff , total_results = get_results ( self . query , self . params ) results = simplejson . loads ( stuff ) for result in results : result [ 'source' ] = 'web' self . _results = results self . total_results = total_results
Let me know if it proves challenging to follow the existing results, and I'll gladly provide a complete walkthrough of subclassing Service and CachableService .
The Future of springsteen
At the moment the core of springsteen is nearly complete, I just need to refactor slightly to facilitate inserting custom ranking logic. Beyond that, there are an infinite number of services that springsteen would like to know how to query and display.
There is a working example of both exposing data via a Springsteen Service and querying and aggregating results, and hopefully it'll be sufficiently composed for revealing by this upcoming Monday.
I hope that springsteen and its vision of distributed search by small-time players is something that you find exciting, I know I'm excited about the prospect of creating targeted and relevant search boxes powered not by thousands of commodity servers in datacenters but instead by my vps, and yours.
Download
django-springsteen is available on GitHub.
git clone git@github.com:lethain/django-springsteen.git
We're all busy people, but you're more than welcome to join in the development!
Asana Mahatari
channelled by Jahn J Kassl on July 23, 2013
http://www.lichtweltverlag. com/de/blog/index.html
first published in English on July 26, 2013 in
www.stankovuniversallaw.com
translated by Björn Kurt
DREAM:
A hearse pulls up in front of my house. The driver gets out and tells me that she (a person I knew, but later turned away from the path of light and to whom I have no more contact) had died and whether I would like to say goodbye. I deny at first, because I have no need for it. Finally, I agree because I think it may indeed not hurt to say goodbye and after all the driver has taken the very long way to come to see me.
I look into the coffin and see the lifeless but very well-washed corps lying in it. Just as fresh as after the Forensic Medicine (I know this situation because as a child I had very often to do with the dead since the gravedigger of my hometown was my best fatherly friend). Where the human body is taken apart first and then patched back together. The head halves are split and have been well stitched together and the person was given a punky hairstyle.
All in all, a tolerable sight. Suddenly this dead person opens her eyes, gets up and starts to climb out of the car. Then she staggers through the grass shouting around – once full of hatred and insulting shouts and then again conciliatory words – as I knew from before we parted ways. I realize that this person has absolutely no control over her body and the mind is lost.
And I am being told that she has an electrical circuit built in which allows you to switch her off if things get too much and this also happens immediately – and the dead is back lifeless. This scene repeats itself two more times – and I'm always impressed how the nightmare ends as suddenly as it has begun – as if your remove the battery from a talking puppet. (End of dream)
Beloved humans,
I am ASANA MAHATARI. Whoever humbly devotes his attention to the gold-violet beam of transformation, will find a new world at his feet which is the infinite world of light. Let us take a look at this important dream sequence for this time.
The hearse shows that with the person who originally served the light path, a whole world was once predicted for the light, and is now being buried and ceases to be. Micro- and Macrocosm. It is once again about bidding farewell and this time for good. Any hope of repentance, to conversion fades as you meet the empty fragment shells of the people. This is indicated by the awakening of the dead and it shows that currently many people walk the earth only as “fragments of light” and are remote controlled. This describes the external mind control on one hand and shows that many people are absolutely soulless – all “Internal organs being removed” – which is being indicated in the dream by the forensic medical procedure and that their core of life – the soul – has escaped. They are moving around like zombies as soon as they are being artificially animated. That means that you are currently dealing with many incarnations of fragments, with empty shells and many among them were formerly promising light workers.
These are the remains which are calling from the lower 4D levels and are now lost in the turmoil of water, fire and storms of this timeline and are still coming through to you in the upper layers in a fragmented way. As long until these beings are being removed entirely from the higher vibrating holograms. And this is a process that takes a certain time.
Therefore, it is once again about bidding farewell. From people who were familiar to you and who you accompanied. However they have decided to do otherwise for their own sake and are already dead inside. Living dead, the undead, are currently spreading out on this world and they can be recognized by their expressionless eyes. When confronted with them, it is about resolutely delineating from them. Know one thing: Here, any kind of courtesy is completely out of place!
It is important to understand this. For the devil is hard to impress with courtesy. Only with decisive distinction, by which he is shown that he will not find any fertile ground for his foul seeds within your boundaries you can keep them at a distance.
As pointed out in the talking doll appearance of the person in the dream: you can turn off this activity at any time. This means for the Light Warriors of the first hour and for those who are now longing for the realms of God:
Stay away from any such impertinence! This also means that harassment and energetic attacks these days may increase. These exhausted people are clinging to you because they recognize life in you, and because they believe they can reclaim their own life through such intervention. The time has come where you must keep away from all inappropriate calls and remain at a distance. Start to apply the method of rudeness.
This serves as a protection to you and drives many uninvited guests away. Many masters of the times worked so that, on the one hand, they are able to distinguish the real seekers from the fake ones and on the other hand, to remain unmolested from the hidden dark intentions of the people.
Try to do the same after you will notice that in some cases only this way is helping.
For the “undead” are persistent and they cannot understand the language of gentleness. If you are being molested verbally or in writing, that means vigorously harassed and energetically, then
a) refrain from any reaction; which will bring people to be in rage, but they very soon will let go of you OR
b) react decisively and “unfriendly”, so you are being shown that only this reaction can be understood properly.
The time of discussing is over! For the ones not being able to see the truth for those who are now going up into the light you are no more reference or guidance. You would just be the light where the empty people would try to get some last shine of life, where you will be left weakened and which will drain the power from you that you will be urgently needing for your own ascension.
The ancient worlds of the 4D have died, now they are being displayed in front of your inner eye, so you can see that things are in fact happening exactly as they were announced to you . And this is also the symbol of this dream, for it is about understanding on all levels how the separation of the world is happening.
It is important to see, even if it is full of horror, and to experience so you can take a strong line with these people. The “illusion of light and love” has many light warrior cringe, to protect themselves appropriately from energy vampirism. They are afraid to select clear words or rather to use none at all. Everything is supposed to be sinking into a cloud of harmony, to be covered by it or to be drowned in it. And many still believe, it is mandatory to respond to an energy robbery with “love”.
Yes, at this point love is misunderstood. Because love excludes any abuse! Abuse defiles love and energy abuse destroys it. Love is neither a feeling by itself, in which you are completely and utterly at the mercy of “Oh, I have to be nice”, nor a concept of the mind to which you must comply in all circumstances of any kind of attack.
No, love is what it is: The clear expression of all life, where things are denominated in an undisguised manner, what is and what is not. Many Light Warriors of the first hour must now learn the ability to say NO. And when the first No is not understood, then it up to the second NO to leave behind “the good behavior” of an absolutely misguided political correctness. Finding yourself in a face to face with a hungry lion, you can only escape either by mastering the cosmic power to control him or to skillfully leaving his hunting grounds.
While you play with fire you might get burned. Especially then, when it is a fire of destruction and not a fire of transformation.
In summary, these considerations mean the following:
1) Harassment, abuse and energetic exploitation are increasing .
2) Detach yourselves of this by getting drastic.
3) “Being nice” is absolutely inappropriate as this language is not understood and so it does not generate any reaction.
4) This phase will last for a short period.
5) Say a final goodbye to the worlds and to the people who are getting lost in the new drama.
6) People fragments interpret a sympathetic affection entirely in their favor; when they besiege you immediately with attacks, so it is about delineating yourself in a drastic way.
7) Learn to say NO.
8) You are mainly responsible for your own ascension and whoever thinks this belongs to the department of boasting egos, does not understand what we are talking about.
9) The last days of humanity are the first days of utter awakening of the ascending humans because in the face of the unbearable the last concerns and blocks will dissolve.
10) Everything is safe in God, everything is all – at the foreseen hour.
Loved ones,
with this urgent message I would finally point out that you may give up the last illusions, the illusion to try to be all things to all men.
Everyone is God's child however, not everyone needs your healing and helping hands, even if this appearance – only to gain access to you – is very cleverly maintained. Detach yourself because: Anyone who has chosen the drama, will only stay as long in the calm waters, until he has succeeded to sow discord and drama.
Nip it in the bud! Defend yourself against what is attacking you today, since we experience crucial hours of mankind. Great you are, your love is infinite, so you give it a clear expression riddled of all preconceptions.
Those who aspire to God, shall remain undeterred, even if the plight of the soulless men is large and those who are still stuck in the illusion of light and love now have the opportunity to overcome it immediately.
Do it, be it and become free. Be free – for yourself to determine who and what you let come into your life. I love you infinitely, because truly:
“The many faces of love have to be recognized.”
ASANA MAHATARI
Epilogue: In the shower at the gym I hear a man says to another: “He is deputy general manager of xxx ltd.”
Yes, we are dealing with many “alternate represented people”. Deputies, proxies, vicarious and surrogates. Fragments, copies of parts of the soul – but not inhabited, conscious and enlightened human beings. (End of Epilogue)
A large police presence is in the city centre after what is believed to have been a huge fight.
About eight police cars are parked outside Highcross as a result of the incident.
Onlookers said that police had to break up a brawl.
One onlooker said: "I think it was a fight, think it was a couple of girls and then more people got involved."
Another passerby repeatedly told a friend in response to the large number of officers: "It's mad, it's mad".Police could be heard shouting at groups and asking them to "move away".There is a heavy police presence by the Clock Tower and outside the shopping centre.
We've just launched a new app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here . To download the Android app click here .
Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a single-player game only. Being the first project out of the new Eidos Montreal studio, and staying true to the Deus Ex legacy, the development team wanted to focus purely on the single-player experience to ensure we delivered on that front.
Smokin'.
Speaking to Eidos Montreal's Game Director Jean-Francois Dugas, IGN Games confirmed that the teams' recently renamed Deus Ex: Human Revolution will only be a single-player experience. The prequel is set to arrive on console and PC sometime later this year.Dugas goes on to comment that although Human Revolution shares some similarities with Quantic Dreams' Heavy Rain in terms of "choices and consequences," the overall game experience will be very different.Does it bother you that the new Deus Ex won't feature any sort of multiplayer? It doesn't worry me one bit. I'd rather have a rock-solid single-player experience that holds true to the series' roots than some extra junk tacked on. Would you like to have seen multiplayer in the new game?
Virgil van Dijk: Has become a target for Sevilla
Sunderland and Southampton are interested in signing Celtic's wantaway defender Virgil van Dijk, according to Sky sources.
The 23-year-old Dutch centre-half is the subject of interest from a number of clubs, including Spanish club Sevilla, following an impressive last season at the Scottish champions.
Sevilla see Van Dijk as a possible replacement for their captain Federico Fazio, who has signed for Tottenham Hotspur, and both Ronald Koeman and Gus Poyet are keen to strengthen their defensive units before the deadline on September 1.
Sky sources understand Celtic remain reluctant to sell Van Dijk and have not yet received any bids for the player, but they crashed out of the Champions League qualifiers on Tuesday night with a home defeat by Maribor and the player wishes to leave the club.
Celtic were criticised by Sky Sports' Scottish football experts Charlie Nicholas and Andy Walker for not backing new manager Ronny Deila in the current transfer window and becoming “a selling club”.
Former Celtic striker Walker said: “It's really depressing that Celtic didn't make a really strong case for their manager.
“They didn't back him with the signing of players. They consistently lose their best players and it's a huge disappointment for the supporters. Celtic right now are very much a selling club.
“If they get a semi-decent offer for Van Dijk I think they're more than prepared to sell him.”
Van Dijk joined Celtic from Groningen in 2013, signing a four-year-deal, and has made 51 appearances in all competitions, scoring seven goals.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Like the icy Fortress of Solitude where Superman goes to meditate this iceberg seems to have an intergalactic secret.
Hovering above it is an ominous looking Unidentified Flying Object.
Sceptics say it could it just be a mirage or even a flag - but Youtube user 235FireFly who originally posted the video says he could clearly see the object spinning.
He recorded: "While driving around Salvage, Newfoundland and Labrador looking at all the icebergs, I noticed what appeared to be a chunk of ice just barely attached to an iceberg.
"Hoping to catch it collapse I took out the camera and zoomed in.
"What you can see is a white object not attached to the iceberg, but rather spinning around and changing shape."
One conspiracy theorist reckoned: "It's a UFO with its cloaking device on. Its blocking the middle part of the iceberg.﻿"
Even more strangely around 45 seconds in there is another floating object that sinks and splashes into the water.
The truth is out there...
A recent proliferation of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) and other web-based educational resources has greatly increased the potential for effective self-study in many fields. This article introduces a catalog of several hundred free video courses of potential interest to those wishing to expand their knowledge of bioinformatics and computational biology. The courses are organized into eleven subject areas modeled on university departments and are accompanied by commentary and career advice.
Those same metrics reveal high levels of interest in skills improvement and career advice, a conclusion that is based upon the popularity of the “Ten Simple Rules” series, which accounts for six of the ten most viewed articles. The topics of these six include giving talks [3] , making posters [4] , getting published [5] , obtaining grants [6] , selecting postdoctoral positions [7] , and choosing between career paths in academia and industry [8] (the final article also having been written by this author). To better accommodate these interests, the current edition of the curriculum has been extended in two ways. First, articles have been included (at the end of the catalog) that specifically address nonscientific skills likely to be useful in career development. Second, the commentaries on individual courses now include not only evaluations of their content but also career advice and other personal comments tied to that subject and based on the experiences of the author, both in the classroom (real and virtual) and over the course of a varied career in bioinformatics. These features are described in more detail below.
MOOCs continue to generate large enrollments, at least initially, and these numbers together with anecdotal evidence from course discussion forums indicate active interest in online education among a certain population. This evidently extends to the readership of PLOS Computational Biology, judging from article-level metrics for the original curriculum [1] , which has now attracted over 60,000 views and as of a year after its appearance was the 12th most viewed article in the history of the journal (per data available from http://www.ploscompbiol.org/static/almInfo ).
To begin with the latter, it should first be acknowledged that MOOCs are controversial in many regards. This article will not attempt to review or comment on the generic issues beyond making a few general observations in the Conclusion below. It is the opinion of the author that MOOCs are indeed a valuable resource even if they are not a magic bullet. The general limitations as regards bioinformatics were discussed in the previous article [1] and in a companion piece giving practical advice to online learners [2] and need not be recapitulated here. Certainly the sizeable increases in content that have occurred in the interim have improved the prospects, yet they have also raised the bar, and it is now clearer than ever where the gaps and shortcomings are in the available curriculum. Specific instances will be commented upon in the appropriate contexts below. One general observation is that the MOOC universe provides good coverage at the introductory level and plenty of specialized “elective” courses, but comprehensive intermediate and advanced courses are thin on the ground in some areas, including biology. For example, as of this writing there are no MOOCs dedicated to the subject of structural biology, which is surprising given the importance of visualization in the field and the availability of excellent online resources. Nevertheless, the sizeable expansion of courses available, particularly in allied fields such as neurosciences and evolutionary biology, has been deemed sufficient to widen the scope of this edition to encompass the more expansive term “computational biology” as opposed to “bioinformatics” (for those who consider the distinction important).
Less than two years ago, the author published an online bioinformatics curriculum in this journal and made the claim (with some important caveats) that a sufficient number and variety of free video courses had made their way to the web that it was possible to obtain a reasonably comprehensive bioinformatics education on one's laptop [1] . In that compilation of courseware, only a few entries originated from the then-nascent Coursera platform ( https://www.coursera.org ), and none came from its academic competitor edX ( https://www.edx.org ). In the intervening time, these platforms and several others have fairly exploded with new content, such that on the order of a thousand courses are now available online from over a hundred academic institutions. That fact alone justifies an update to the curriculum and a reassessment of the viability of online education in this field.
Description
As before, the curriculum is offered in the form of a virtual course catalog divided into the departments of an imagined university. One consequence of the avalanche of new courses is that the catalog is several times longer than the previous edition, making it intractable for the article format used previously. Thus, the new catalog is provided as Supporting Information to this article in the form of a PDF attachment (Catalog S1). To assist in using the document, the PDF has a listing of courses by department attached as metadata (as well as at the head of the text), which can be opened as a navigation bar in typical PDF readers like Adobe Reader (View>Navigation Panels>Bookmarks) or Apple Preview (View>Table of Contents).
Previously, the virtual university had only four departments: Biology, Mathematics, Computer Science, and Other. Another consequence of the greatly increased number of courses is that many additional departments have been founded in this edition in specialized areas more or less relevant to computational biology. Since courses in the original basic science departments may also bear upon one or more of the new specialized departments, and vice versa, such courses are simply cross listed between departments, as is common practice in real universities. This allows courses to be grouped together in “majors,” which in this edition substitute for the “tracks” that were described in the previous paper [1]. Those tracks had more to do with career paths than with subject area concentrations and are still relevant but, as an orthogonal feature, would be difficult to depict across many departments. It is hoped that appropriate tracks in the new material will be self-evident given the track descriptions in the previous catalog and the course commentaries in this one.
In this edition of the catalog, each listing takes one of three forms: Courses, Current Topics, or Seminars. Courses, which comprise the majority of entries, are based on discrete university offerings, which as before are required to be video-based and free of charge. Most of these are MOOCs, which is to say that they run on a set schedule with interactive features and have graded assessments; nearly all MOOCs listed are from Coursera or edX. In the catalog these are distinguished from other learning resources, such as those that simply offer recordings of lectures for completely independent self-study, though it should be noted that the term MOOC is sometimes applied more broadly and that MOOCs may also be made available in archived form for offline self-study.
Course listings in this catalog are essentially of the same type and form as in the previous edition, except that course names are uniformatized and no longer need correspond to the exact names given by instructors, which can often be quirky, vague, or overlong. The new canonical subject names should make the catalog easier to navigate, and even if the recommended course is not a perfect fit to the label, the course chosen is the one judged to be the closest fit to what is deemed a suitable topic in the curriculum. Any variations are explained in the course commentaries.
Course entries are headed by the instructor's name (omitting titles), his or her institution, the original title of the course, and in parentheses, the platform, date of the latest offering (or TBA to indicate a date yet to be arranged), and the URL. This is followed by an indented, italicized, and quoted paragraph that is excerpted from the course description offered by the provider. This in turn is followed by this author's commentary on the course, a list of prerequisites (if any), alternative course offerings, and suggested follow-ups, all as in the previous catalog [1]. In addition, this edition of the catalog identifies the primary textbook used in the course together with suggested alternatives.
The course listings labeled as Current Topics in a given subject are not formal university courses but generally meetings, workshops, or seminar series in which the videos are talks by a number of investigators in the form of tutorials or descriptions of their current research. For our purposes, this simulates a typical upper-level university course that exposes students to the most recent research in a certain area in a coordinated fashion.
The course listings labeled as Seminars in a given subject are similar in spirit but are much less coordinated since they are drawn from individual online seminar videos from different sources. Unlike Current Topics, which are talks from a single focused meeting or source, Seminars comprise some 10–20 individual talks selected by the author to be representative of a particular subfield but certainly not to be comprehensive or even especially balanced. In a few cases, Seminars are compiled so as to help compensate for the absence or weakness of some upper-level course in the curriculum, such as the Developmental Biology Seminars. In other cases, they provide exposure to prominent scientists, recent research trends, and/or broader perspectives. Each collection of Seminars on a specified topic is aggregated as a YouTube playlist, to which a link is provided.
As was noted for the preceding publication [1], this article is necessarily an opinion piece, since universities tend to disagree on optimal curricula and the author's personal judgments are involved in selecting the most appropriate course (sometimes from among many) for a particular topic. Moreover, the commentaries attached to each course offer opinions on the importance of the subject to a computational biology education, as well as the quality of instruction for that particular course. For better or worse, this is the “value-added” provided by the author, beyond a simple compilation of URLs.
Even beyond this, the current edition of this catalog is still more unabashedly personal in two new regards. First, the author has road tested most of the recommended courses, enrolling in up to a dozen at a time on a continuous basis in the case of MOOCs. Many of the MOOCs deemed most worthwhile were actually completed for a grade. This was sufficient to be one of the top 50 students in terms of the number of completed courses on Coursera as of mid-2013, and as of this writing, the author has completed for a grade a total of 60 courses on Coursera and 12 on edX. Of these, 50 were chosen as primary recommended courses in a given subject area. While there are about 200 subject area listings in the catalog, many of these are Current Topics courses and Seminars, and still more of the remaining courses are not MOOCs as we have defined them, so that in fact about 40% of the MOOCs receiving primary recommendations were completed for a grade.
For the completed courses only, the course listings have an additional section called Evaluation, comprising a table with the following entries: (1) Course Level, which is instantiated as either Introductory, Intermediate, or Advanced, representing an assessment of the true level of difficulty of the material, regardless of the official course description; (2) Hours per Week, representing the estimated effort required for all course activities, which again may vary from that suggested by the instructors; (3) Course Grade, representing numeric evaluations on a scale of 100 of several aspects of the course including (a) Lectures, based on their content, style, and production values, (b) Homework, based on the effectiveness of exercises (graded or not), ancillary materials, assigned reading, or any other activities beyond the course lectures, (c) Assessment, based on the quality of the quizzes and exams in terms of whether they are sufficiently challenging, reflective of actual accomplishment, and learning experiences in themselves, and (d) Overall, based on the combination of all factors, including intangibles; (4) Student Grade, representing the grade the author himself received in the course, in the interest of fairness and full disclosure; and finally (5) Curve, indicating both the passing grade of the course, as required for a certificate, and the grade required for an “A” or for a certificate with distinction, where applicable. The Student Grade combined with the Curve may be useful to the reader in assessing such things as the level of difficulty of the course, the stringency of the grading, and the credibility of the author's judgments. Note that because courses that were followed to completion by the author and selected as primary recommendations tended to be of higher quality, the Course Grades have an inbuilt bias toward the high end of the scale.
The second personalized element in this edition is the occasional inclusion of paragraphs with a heading of Personal Note in the course commentaries. These are autobiographical annotations related to courses or their subject matter, reflecting the author's own experience and included as a matter of interest or to elaborate on why certain courses may be useful in a career in computational biology. (The author's own career is briefly described in the previous catalog [1] as well as in the Personal Notes themselves.) The reader is, of course, free to discount or disregard these highly individualized annotations.
Dela is back with his new joint “WhatUWanna” featuring Blu off his upcoming album Translation Lost. Blu sounds great over Dela's production. Sonically “WhatUWanna” has some similarities to Raekwon's “Incarcerated Scarfaces” especially since he employs that same Detroit Emeralds “You're Getting a Little Too Smart” break-beat. This is not the first time Dela and Blu have collaborated. You may remember “Vibrate” off Dela's Changes Of Atmosphere and “Mars Remix” off Atmosphere Airlines Vol. 1. Dela's new album Translation Lost drops March 31st digitally on Drink Water Music. You can pre-order it here.
Stream “WhatUWanna” below and download it after the jump
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Download: Dela – “WhatUWanna” (Feat. Blu) [Right Click, Save-As]
Tragedy of female Air Force veteran left with horrific injuries following botched surgery because 'doctors IGNORED her symptoms because she suffers from PTSD'
Robin Temple, from Maine, has had 13 surgeries since 2007 following what she claims was a bot ched attempt to remove her ovaries
A female Air Force veteran has revealed horrifying scars and a catalog of ill health following what she claims was a botched removal of her ovaries allegedly performed by a Veteran's Affairs surgeon.
Robin Temple posted a video online earlier this month with her abdominal and chest scars exposed to show the terrible ordeal she has been through following 13 surgeries in six years.
On the clip, Ms Temple says: 'Hi, my name's Robin Temple and I'm an Air Force veteran and a malpractice survivor from the VA.'
Ms Temple had a ovariectomy in January 2007 which she claims was performed by a VA OBGYN surgeon. However something went catastrophically wrong and a piece of her colon was removed instead.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT - SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Veteran Robin Temple has been left with horrifying scars and long-term ill health following a botched operation allegedly performed by a VA surgeon
For three days, Ms Temple claims she was told by the doctor's office that because she has PTSD, her pain following the surgery 'was all in [her] head'.
Ms Temple later became septic and spent time in a coma on life-support.
A follow-up doctor then performed a colectomy to correct the first doctor's mistake.
For 15 months, she traveled several hundred miles to reach the hospital from her home in Maine to attend follow-up appointments because the pain continued.
At one appointment, Ms Temple claims a doctor lifted her shirt in the waiting room and said: 'You're sewed together funny, get over it, you have PTSD.'
Ms Temple's voice trembles on her YouTube clip as she says she was repeatedly told that she was exaggerating her health problems because she was suffering from PTSD.
Later, the Air Force vet discovered she was suffering from two massive hernias and while undergoing an MRI scan to investigate, found that her ovaries had not been removed.
Tragically, the tumors had spread to her lymph nodes in her groin . More surgeries took place.
Ms Temple, who served with the U.S. Air Force pictured in hospital during one of her many operations since 2007
Ordeal: Ms Temple's scars from one of her 13 surgeries
She then had bladder sheaths implanted which cut her bladder in half and were recalled, leading to more surgery.
Because she is allergic to penicillin, the alternative tetracycline has caused the discoloration of her teeth, Ms Temple claims.
Her left kidney began to fail due to the amount of medication Ms Temple required and ongoing infections. She lost half of her left kidney.
Ms Temple had a double mastectomy after discovering a lump in her breast and finally, her lymph nodes removed.
Ms Temple told heavy.com : 'I am a jigsaw puzzle.
'I have had 13 surgeries since '07 and counting. I have two more hernias now.
'The only thing holding my guts in is cadaver skin; that's it, and it only last three to five years.
'I'm at the fifth year this January... and where do I live?... I lost my house so I live in a tiny little camper.'
She claims that the government has not taken any responsibility for her botched medical care and instead she is left to fill out paperwork on a daily basis.
Ms Temple does appear to be mistaken in some of her statements, according to Gawker, including the accusations against one doctor and remarks about 'illegal' overdoses.
She also falsely claims that a pencillin allergy stained her teeth and her statistics about the number of women raped in the military are incorrect.
Fundraising campaigns have been set up for the veteran after her story was shared across social media sites.
One Reddit user wrote: 'This poor woman. She's sitting in her bed right now, as we are watching this. We're going to go about our days, and she's still going to be there. Waiting. I hope this gets a lot of attention. Seems like she's been ignored a long time.'
Ms Temple also claims that while she was on active duty in the Air Force, she was raped by her sergeant but no one would believe her and she was placed in a mental hospital.
She was honorably discharged from service.
UPDATE: Ellicott City Girl, 16, Dead In Attempted Murder-Suicide
Howard County police are investigating a triple shooting Sunday in which a teenage boy fatally shot a teenage girl and wounded her mother before turning the gun on himself.
County police said officers were called around 2 a.m. to a house in the 4800 block of Knoll Glen Road in Ellicott City.
Investigators said the mother heard a scuffle in her daughter's bedroom. When she entered the room, a 15-year-old boy shot her and shot her 16-year-old daughter before shooting himself in the head, police said.
The girl, Charlotte Zaremba, 16, was taken to Howard County General Hospital, where she died.
The mother, Suzanne Zaremba, 52, was taken to Shock Trauma, where she was treated and released.
The 15-year-old boy was taken to Shock Trauma in critical condition with life-threatening injuries. Police did not immediately release the boy's identity. A motive was not known and it was unknown whether he has any connection to anyone in the house.
Another family member was in another area of the house at he time and was not injured. Anyone with information is asked to call police at 410-313-STOP or email HCPDcrimetips@howardcountymd.gov.
Howard County students mourn death of classmate
Charlotte was a sophomore at Howard High School. Her classmates mourned her death Monday at school.
VIDEO:
"Some students are wearing black just to show their support and express their grief," Howard County Public Schools spokesman John White said.
By all accounts, Charlotte had a bright future.
"Charlotte seems to have been a student that was well liked there have been a lot of posts on social media saying how sad people are and what a great person she was. Here at the school, she was involved in the Best Buddies Program, which helps special needs students so she seems to have been a very caring person," White said.
The principal sent an email to parents on Sunday telling them what happened and offering support:
"During guided discussions as needed, our teachers will help students talk about their feelings and reactions and identify coping resources at school and in the community."
The school had special counselors on hand Monday for students to talk to.
"In a case like this, we bring in a crisis team. We bring in experts and more staff to support anyone in need. An announcement was made to all students this morning about the sad news and the fact that support will be available and some students have taken advantage of it," White said.
time now to look at the pairs events.
LM2-
8 crews
Brazil, Great Britain, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, Russia, USA
The Irish have been pretty much untouchable so far this season, Mark O'Donovan and Shane O'Driscoll from Skibbereen are unbeaten so far winning all three world Cups and the European Championships. They will be odds on favourites to make it a clean sweep for the season. 2017 has certainly seen a step up in performance from this Irish pairing, the gold in Belgrade was the first medal either man had won in their senior international careers and to follow that up with three more shows they are now the class crew of the field.
If the Irish have made a step up in performance then it can be argued that the British have taken a step backward. Sam Scrimgeour and Joel Cassells were world Champions in 2015 and European Champions in 2016. However they “only” managed a bronze medal at the 2016 world Championships and so far this season have a bronze from Belgrade and a silver in Poznan. Despite a strong first 1000m in Lucerne (where they led by over 1 second) they faded in the 2nd half and were rowed out of the medal altogether. But, they are a class outfit, and if they can get their pacing right they could well challenge for a medal and possibly even overturn the Irish.
The strongest challenge to the Irish however is likely to come from the Russians, Nikita Bolozin and Aleksei Kiiashko. After a fairly unspectacular 2016, where Kiiashko finished 10th in the LM2- and Bolozin 16th in the U23 BLM2X, they've stepped up a gear in 2017 and have created a fast pair. They've been runners-up to the Irish at Belgrade, the Europeans and in Lucerne and will be pushing to close the 1.5-2 second gap the Irish have been able to maintain over them so far this season.
Brazil is another combination who have made a step change in performance so far this season. Xavier Vela Maggi (who switched nationality from Spain to Brazil in 2016) and Willian Giaretton raced in the LM2X at their home Olympics placing 14th. They then returned to the LM2- to race at the World Championships finishing 9th. But, so far this season they've shown good medal-contending speed taking bronze at both the 2nd and 3rd World Cups (albeit in what was only a 3 boat final in Poznan).
The Italians are always strong in lightweight rowing and this year they have an exciting young combination of Guieseppe Di Mare and Alfonso Scalzone. 20 year old Di Mare and 21 year old Scalzone raced together for the first time at the European Championships where they picked up a bronze medal and ended the season as U23 World Champions.
The USA have selected Jack Devlin from Potomac Boat Club and Alex Twist from Seattle. Both were members of the LM8 that won bronze in 2015. For Devlin it's a case of “joining the family business” after with both parents having rowed or trialled for the US.
The final two crews to mention are the Hungarians, Roland Szigeti and David Forrai, who have the best performance so far this season of 4th in Belgrade, and a crew from Mexico (Edmundo Reynoso and Angy Canul) who both make their international debuts in Sarasota.
My picks….logic dictates that the Irish will finish the season unbeaten but I reckon the Brits will finally get it right and take the silver with the battle for bronze being won by the Russians.
M2+
8 crews
Australia, Spain, France, Great Britain, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Romania
As with the LM4- this could well be the last year that the M2+ is part of the World Championship programme. But what that does mean is that whoever wins in Sarasota will remain the reigning World Champions. Given its dwindling status the event is often used as a means of giving the reserves a chance to race.
The favourites for this year are the Italians. But, if they do win it won't be a particularly popular victory. Vincenzo Abbagnale has been named in the crew and has just completed a 16 month suspension for doping violations (there was some confusion over his ban, a number of press reports said he was suspended until 19th October whereas the Italian federation said it was 19th July). Rowing is lucky in that there aren't many cases of doping so those that do happen reflect badly on the sport as a whole. Abbagnale was World Champion in this event in 2013 and was part of the M8 that finished 6th in 2015. He's joined by Jacapo Mancini and cox Riccardo Zoppini. Mancini raced in the M8 at the European Championships and then at the U23 World Championships.
The French are an interesting crew, Thibault Colard and Thomas Baroukh are unusual in that they are lightweights racing in what is considered the most brutal of heavyweight events. But they are a talented pair having been members of the LM4- that won a bronze medal in 2015 and again at the Rio Olympics. They raced as a M2- in Lucerne finishing 10th.
Great Britain also have a strong chance of a good medal in Sarasota. Newcastle University graduates and Leander Club members Tom Ford and Tim Clarke (coxed by Harry Brightmore from Oxford Brookes) both made their senior debuts this season and won silver in the M8 in their first race in Belgrade. For Lucerne they moved into the M2- and finished 8th.
Germany won the M2+ at the final World Cup in Lucerne but have made a change to their line up for Sarasota. Malte Grossmann is now joined by University of Washington graduate Finn Schroeder. Schroeder raced with Anton Braun in the M2- at Lucerne but struggled back in 14th.
Hungary is another country with a strong chance of taking the win, they are possibly the most experienced crew in the field. Adrian Juhasz and Bela Simin Jr have been racing together for a number of years. They finished 9th in the M2- at the Rio Olympics and so far this season has a 10th place from Belgrade and 9th from the European Championships, both in the M2-) For Sarasota they gain Andrea Vanda Kollath in the coxes seat.
Romania has a strong chance for a medal as well, Adrian Damii and Mihaita-Vasile Tiganescu have raced in a variety of different boat classes this season. Both were members of the M8 that finished 6th at the Europeans. Damii raced the M8 in Lucerne taking 4th and Tiganescu partnered Cosmin Pascari in the M2- that also finished 4th.
The final crews to mention are the Australians and Spanish. The Aussies, Darcy Wruck and Angus Widdicombe (and cox James Rook) are the spares for the men's team and raced in the M8 in Poznan finishing 4th and then the M4- in Lucerne. Spain (Jamie Lara Pacheco, Marco Sardelli Gil and Jurado Diaz) have a bronze medal from Lucerne (albeit from a 3 boat final). Both were members of the M8 that missed qualification for the Olympics when they came 5th at the Final Qualifying Regatta.
My picks….I think it'll be between the Italians and Romanians for the gold with the British taking the bronze.
W2-
12 crews
China, Denmark, Spain, Great Britain, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, New Zealand, Romania, Serbia, USA
With the departure of the dominant British pair of Helen Glover and Heather Stanning from this event, the battle to take over their mantle looks to have been won by New Zealand. Grace Prendergast and Kerri Gowler have been rowing together for a number of years, placing 7th in the W8 in 2013 and then becoming World Champions in the W4- in 2014. They formed their pairs partnership in 2015 where they finished runners-up to the British (and doubled up in the W8 to take another silver). In Rio they stayed in the W8 but just missed out on the medals. For 2017 they are concentrating on the W2- and have, so far, completely dominated the event winning in both Poznan and Lucerne by over 5 seconds. They also won the inaugural W2- event at Henley. It'll take something very special to deny the Kiwis their first W2- title since 2011.
The main threat to the kiwis will come from the highly experienced Americans, Megan Kalmoe and Tracy Eisser. They were runners-up to the New Zealanders at both the 2nd and 3rd World Cups. Both have been mostly racing in the quad over the past few years and finished 5th in Rio. They were both in the crew that won an historic gold at the world Championships in 2015 and Kalmoe has a bronze medal in the quad from the 2012 Games. Now back in their preferred pair's boat they aill be among the favourites for a medal.
Romania has a long tradition in this boat class and this year's pairing look set to continue that strong history. Madalina Beres and Laura Oprea are doubling up in the W8 (a common occurrence for the Romanians). They were bronze medallists in the W8 and so far this season have golds in both W8 and W2- from the Europeans and were part of the W8 that won in Lucerne.
It looks highly likely that the medals will be decided between these three crews. However the Danes may look to break into the medal party. Hedvig Rasmussen and Christina Johansen were silver medallists at the Europeans and took bronze in Lucerne. Rasmussen is no stranger to this event having finished 4th in 2015 and then taking the bronze in Rio with partner Anne Andersen. Her new partner for 2017, Johansen is less experienced, having raced in the W4X during the 2014 season, but they look to be developing nicely as a pair and will be pushing for a medal.
Taking over from a pair that was as successful as Glover and Stanning is never going to be easy and the pair tasked with that challenge is Holly Hill and Melissa Wilson. This is very much a crew for the future and both have won medals at U23 level. The worlds will be their first race in the pair having been in the W4- in Lucerne that finished 6th. An A-final placing would be a great start to their pair's project.
Another crew looking to reach the A-Final as a minimum in Sarasota are the Spanish. Anna Boada Peiro and Aina Cid I'm having been racing together as a pair since the U23 world Championships in 2014. They won a bronze medal at the Varese World Cup in 2016 and then qualified for the Rio Olympics by winning the Final Qualifying Regatta. They had a great regatta in Rio reaching the A-Final. They've not raced since the Olympic final so it remains to be seen whether they have the pace to make the final again.
Also watch out for the Chinese, with Rio Olympian Tian Miao joined by U23 international Mingwei Zhao and also the young Italian crew of Ilaria Broggini and Veronica Calabrese (4th at the Europeans).
My picks…yet another win for the dominant Kiwis with the Romanians pipping the Americans for the silver.
M2-
19 crews
Argentina, Belarus, China, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Spain, France, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, Romania, South Africa, Serbia, Turkey, USA.
Now that the “World's Best Crew” have hung-up their oars (and in the case of Hamish Bond, got on his bike) there was a scramble at the start of the new season to see who would emerge as their successors. All eyes were on the Sinkovic brothers from Croatia, dominant in the M2X and now trying their hands at single oared racing. But, injury ruled them out until the Lucerne World Cup. Lucerne also saw the first appearance of the season of the new Kiwi Pair of Thomas Murray and former lightweight James Hunter. Word was the Kiwi pair were very, very quick and so it turned out. The results show that the New Zealanders led at every marker but the reality was that it was a real scrap for the line. The Sinkovic's mounted a huge final sprint and looked set to overhaul the New Zealanders before a slight wash out in the final 50 metres cost robbed spectators of a potential photo-finish. Now, with 2 more months of training under their belts the next showdown between the Kiwis and Croatians could well be the most eagerly anticipated races of the whole championships.
But, this isn't just about the Croatians and Kiwis. The Italians have a very strong boat for Sarasota. Matteo Lodo and Giuseppe Vicino were both members of the World Championship winning M4- in 2015 and Olympic bronze medallists at the Rio Olympics. They've only raced once so far this season but that was a gold medal at the European Championships. They may not be able to match the Croatians and New Zealanders, but they will be strong favourites for the bronze.
Also challenging for the medals are the French Onfroy brothers, Theophile and Valentin. Like the Italians they raced in the M4- at the Rio Olympics finishing 11th. For 2017 they've moved into the pair and have, so far, had a very successful season. Silver medallists at the European Championships, they took gold in Poznan and then bronze in Lucerne.
Serbia's Nenad Bedik and Milos Vasic are one of the most experienced pairings in the event. 10th in the M2- at the Rio Olympics, they have medalled every time they've raced so far this season with silver in Belgrade, bronze at the Europeans and silver behind the French in Poznan.
Another Olympic crew continuing into 2017 are the Czechs, Jakub Podrazil and Lukas Helsic. They won the B-Final in Rio and so far this season has medals at the European Championships and both the 1st and 2nd World Cups. Lucerne was a little disappointing when they only managed a 9th place. They will be looking for a solid A-Final finish in Florida.
Spain will be looking for a solid A-Final finish, Alexander Sigurbjonsson and Pau Vela Maggi finished 10th in 2015 and also raced at the Olympics. Their best performance so far this season was a 6th place at the Lucerne World Cup.
Also keep an eye out for the Dutch crew, Lex Van den Herik and Bo Wullings from Nereus. They raced in the M8 that won a spectacular gold medal in Belgrade. Herik finished the season as U23 World Champion as a member of the BM8.
My picks…I'm going to go for a win for the Croatians over the Kiwis with the Italians in bronze.
Advertisements
Multiple outlets are reporting that Harris Wittels, a comedian and writer for shows like Parks and Recreation and The Sarah Silverman Program, has been found dead in his home at the age of 30. TMZ first reported the news, noting that the cause of death was likely a drug overdose. The comedian had a long history with addiction and had spoken openly about his experiences in rehab.
Wittels was a fixture of the Los Angeles comedy scene, where he was often a guest on the Comedy Bang Bang podcast. He had a regular segment, Harris' Phone Corner, where he read aloud jokes — mostly terrible ones — that he texted to himself. ("Just call half-and-half: one.'" "Wi-Fi? "Because-Fi.") He was also in a comedic pop band, Don't Stop or We'll Die, with fellow comedians Paul Rust and Michael Cassady.
In November 2010, Wittels created "humblebrag," a Twitter account devoted to a phenomenon he had noticed on social media: people making what at first sounded like self-deprecating remarks, which in fact functioned as boasts. This one, from Pixar director Lee Unkrich, is a representative example:
Spaz Alert: I tripped walking upstairs to stage to receive my Oscar Nominee certificate. #foreveranerd — Lee Unkrich (@leeunkrich) February 8, 2011
Wittels retweeted the humblebrags he found onto the Twitter account, and also began collecting them into a series of columns for Grantland. In September 2012, Humblebrag: The Art of False Modesty was published as a book.
Rental prices in NZ's largest city continue to escalate, with lower income households hit the hardest. Chris McDowall, who built the stunning Spinoff Unitary Plan maps, has visualised the change – accounting for inflation.
Last week the Ministry of Social Development released the annual Household Incomes Report. Two sentences in the summary immediately stood out.
Housing costs now take a much greater proportion of household income especially for low-income households. For all “working age” (under 65) households they are up from 14% in the late 1980s to 20% in 2015. For the bottom quintile, they are up from 29% to 54%.
Put another way, the 20% of New Zealand households with the lowest incomes are spending over half their earnings on housing. This extraordinary statistic got me wondering how the cost of renting in Auckland has changed over the last couple of decades. So I went hunting for data.
The Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE) publishes quarterly bond data at the level of StatisticsNZ area units going back to 1993. The tenancy bond database records all new rental bonds lodged by private sector landlords with the Ministry each month.
The following animation uses this dataset to map the mean rental price of Auckland houses (ie not apartments) since 1993. To enable comparison across the years, I converted the value for each quarter into June 2016 dollars according to the Consumer Price Index. I also applied a one year rolling average to smooth out occasional erratic blips in the dataset.
The map has been looping in my browser for the last 30 minutes. I keep watching the over $700 group slowly inkblot out from Herne Bay and Orakei Basin to swallow half the isthmus. It's worth noting that $700 is a threshold, not a limit. In June 2016, the average weekly house rental in Herne Bay was $1,039 a week and $1,057 in Waitaramoa (where Remuera meets Hobson Bay).
There are many fascinating stories in this animation, but the broad message is a familiar one. It is considerably more expensive to rent a house in Auckland in 2016 than at any point in the last 23 years.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE said in an interview this week that he will release his full medical records.
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked why he wouldn't go first, Trump responded, "I might do that," adding, "In fact, now that you ask, I think I will do that."
"I'd love to give full reports," Trump said, adding later that he'd "love to give specifics."
Trump noted that Dr. Harold Bornstein released a one-page statement in December declaring that if elected, Trump would "be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency."
However, NBC News reported recently that Trump's long-time doctor spent five minutes writing the letter sitting while a limo sent by Trump's campaign that remained parked outside his doctor's office.
Clinton's personal physician Dr. Lisa Bardack released a statement last year saying the former secretary of State was in "excellent physical condition and fit to serve" as president.
We don't know what happened at Wednesday evening's Capitol tour for the pastors at the Family Research Council's Watchmen on the Wall conference, but in speeches the next day, two FRC officials really wanted to make it clear that they are definitely not gay.
Craig James, the former Fox Sports analyst who was hired by FRC after becoming the Right's latest anti-gay martyr, began his speech by joking that there should be a “don't ask, don't tell” policy about the previous night, specifically calling out FRC president Tony Perkins and executive vice president Jerry Boykin. He then joked that Boykin – who once said that the repeal of “don't ask, don't tell” led to the military's “moral decline” and “absolute destruction” – won't let anyone wear a pink shirt in the FRC office.
Later that afternoon, Perkins was introduced by his hometown pastor, who gave him a hearty hug as he walked to the stage. “Thank you,” Perkins said as he reached the microphone. “I was just glad you didn't kiss me.”
Team Bio
This team formed through discussion of rare bird breeding at SCBI, and then met in Dripping Springs, TX, to examine sun conure wild behavior development at Hill Country Aviaries by Bird Recovery International.
Led by Dr. Michael Braun, the team has extensive expertise in molecular genetics, ornithological field research focused in Guyana, avian conservation, captive breeding and creating wild behaviors in captive raised parrots.
Brian Coyle
My fascination with the natural world started early, through many wilderness excursions with my father and brother in New Jersey. We did lots of camping in the mid-Atlantic before I left home to visit wonderful natural areas around the world as I became involved in research. All along my sense of responsibility about protecting the environment has grown stronger. That is why I have dedicated myself to biodiversity conservation research and education.
I received my PhD in sensory and behavioral ecology from the University of Maryland. I have been involved with ecological and genetic research on several endangered and iconic bird species. Currently, I work at the Smithsonian Institution as project coordinator and researcher for the Red Siskin Initiative, an international team that is working to recover the iconic Red Siskin in Venezuela and Guyana. I also work with the Smithsonian Earth Optimism program to highlight conservation success stories and motivate more support and engagement globally. Finally, I am very active in outreach and education to the public, with students and any other audience where I can have an impact.
The Sun Conure, like the Red Siskin, is an uncommonly beautiful and iconic bird. These ambassador or flagship species garner extraordinary concern and attention. We leverage this special interest to bring attention to other species, habitats and important issues on a regional scale. Saving one species is important, but the Sun Conure also provides an opportunity to maximize our resources and effort for the broadest possible impact for birds, ecosystems and people.
Constance Woodman
I'm currently a National Science Foundation IGERT Trainee in trans-boundary conservation, working with the Tambopata Macaw Project in Peru. (Here's a photo of a wild macaw hanging out at the rainforest research station.)
Having worked as both a conservation breeder for bird breed and release, as well as a licensed wildlife rehabillitator, I've spent a lot of time, hands on, preparing animals to live wild.
I'm currently using new technology ("robo spy eggs") to record the unknown, intimate life habits of wild macaws in primary rainforest. This work is done in partnership with volunteer tourism, where people pay a fee to get trained and work with parrot nests in the rainforest instead of a regular vacation. I can help bring this sort of self-funding research tourism practice to the Red Siskin Initiative.
State-side, I work with several partners (The Schubot Exotic Bird Health Center, Bird Recovery International, and Hill Country Aviaries) to develop methods that create wild bird behavior in hand raised parrots. That's where the video comes from! The parrots in the video fly outside.
I have a masters degree in public Environmental Education from Huxley College of the Environment where I studied how experiences with live animals help shape how people learn.
Michael Braun
Mike grew up in Houston enthralled by the natural wonders of the Texas Gulf Coast and Hill Country. He began birding in high school, and roamed Texas and Mexico with family and friends of the birding community. His love of nature led him to study science as an undergraduate at Cornell University, and to pursue a doctorate on the evolutionary genetics of birds at Louisiana State University. After postdoctoral studies at the National Cancer Institute and a year on the faculty of the University of Cincinnati, Mike moved to the Smithsonian Institution where he founded the Laboratory of Molecular Systematics. His research employs genomic tools to explore the evolutionary relationships, diversification processes and conservation biology of birds and other organisms. Mike has led bird tours to North and South America since his days in graduate school, and loves to share his knowledge of nature and science with others. He lives in Washington DC.
As women in Hollywood continue to come forward with stories of being sexually abused by producer Harvey Weinstein, another powerful man with charges of abuse against him is speaking out about the allegations: Woody Allen.
In an interview with the BBC, Allen said he hadn't been aware of any charges of sexual assault or rape against Weinstein during the two's collaboration on such films as Bullets Over Broadway and Mighty Aphrodite. Some of those allegations were first publicly revealed by journalist Ronan Farrow, Allen's son, in the New Yorker.
“No one ever came to me or told me horror stories with any real seriousness,” Allen said.
“And they wouldn't, because you are not interested in it. You are interested in making your movie. But you do hear a million fanciful rumors all the time. And some turn out to be true and some — many — are just stories about this actress or that actor.”
Allen called the allegations “very sad for everyone involved” — including Weinstein.
“The whole Harvey Weinstein thing is very sad for everybody involved,” Allen told the BBC. “Tragic for the poor women that were involved, sad for Harvey that is life is so messed up.
“There are no winners in that, it's just very, very sad and tragic for those poor women that had to go through that.”
Harvey Weinstein, Letty Aronson, Soon Yi Previn and Woody Allen RTN/MediaPunch/AP
Though Allen said he hoped “some amelioration” would come of the allegations coming to light, he also warned of a possible “witch hunt atmosphere” against powerful men.
“You also don't want it to lead to a witch hunt atmosphere, a Salem atmosphere, where every guy in an office who winks at a woman is suddenly having to call a lawyer to defend himself,” Allen said. “That's not right either. But sure, you hope that something like this could be transformed into a benefit for people rather than just a sad or tragic situation.”
Allen has faced his own sexual abuse allegations in the past, after he was accused of molesting his adopted daughter, Dylan Farrow. Allen and Farrow's mother, actress Mia Farrow, separated as Allen began a relationship with Farrow's adopted daughter Soon Yi.
Allen's continued success in Hollywood despite the allegations can be at least partially attributed to Weinstein, the Huffington Post reported. Weinstein's company Miramax offered Allen a deal for Bullets Over Broadway in 1994 as the abuse scandal had begun to take a hit on Allen's career.
“Shunned by Hollywood means nothing to Miramax,” Weinstein told the Los Angeles Times in 1994 about Allen. “We're talking about a comic genius.”
DURHAM — A University of New Hampshire School of Law student with a biomedical engineering background who invented a clip to stop brain aneurysms has won this year's UNH Paul J. Holloway Prize Innovation-to-Market competition, which includes a grand prize of $25,000 in celebration of the competition's 25th anniversary.
DURHAM — A University of New Hampshire School of Law student with a biomedical engineering background who invented a clip to stop brain aneurysms has won this year's UNH Paul J. Holloway Prize Innovation-to-Market competition, which includes a grand prize of $25,000 in celebration of the competition's 25th anniversary.
Hosted by the Peter T. Paul College of Business and Economics Wednesday, May 8, 2013, the competition is the oldest business plan competition in the state and one of the first in the nation.
Craig Litherland of Concord won the competition for his zero artifact aneurysm clip, which can significantly reduce the cost of treating brain aneurysms and save lives. According to Litherland, subarachnoid hemorrhage or bleeding on the brain is a significant problem and typically caused by leaking aneurysms in brain arteries. About 5 percent of the U.S. population harbors these ticking time bombs.
In clip litigation, the surgeon manually places a titanium clip across the aneurysm to prevent it from bleeding. However, today's titanium clips can cause blurred images on medical scans, preventing accurate diagnosis and treatment. Litherland's zero artifact clip, CranioVation, remedies this problem.
Litherland said he got the idea for the clip after his best friend Dr. Vijay Agarwal, who is a neurosurgeon, told him about the problem and the need for a clip that would not obscure medical scans. He has been working on the design for a year and decided to enter the Holloway Competition after learning about it from last year's winner Andrew Jaccoma, for whom he provided patent consulting advice about Jaccoma's winning idea, Sensible Spreader System.
“I was really surprised to win because there were so many good ideas. I was happy just to run the idea through the process and in front of the judges,” said Litherland, who will use his $25,000 in prize money to develop prototypes of the zero artifact aneurysm clip.
Six finalists competed for more than $75,000 in prize money and consulting services provided by the Paul College and the event sponsors: Paul and Anna Grace Holloway, the Paul J. Holloway Prize Fund, the Albin Entrepreneurship Fund, the Nelson Fund for Business Innovation, PixelMEDIA, the New Hampshire Innovation Commercialization Center and Devine Millimet Attorneys at Law. More than 80 teams entered the competition.
The competition is designed to stimulate entrepreneurship. Open to all University System of New Hampshire graduate and undergraduate students who have a proposal for bringing an innovative product or service to market, the competition helps students gain firsthand experience in commercializing new products and services, and provides access to faculty advisors and industry experts.
Second place went to Dry Technology, a technological process that, when applied to any fabric, makes it highly water resistant, odor resistant, and stain resistant without changing the breathability and feel of the fabric. Third place went to SunDensation, a product that converts brackish ground water to potable water using a nonelectric solar system.
Established in 1988 by Paul J. Holloway's family, the business plan competition honors the business leader's entrepreneurial spirit by stimulating and recognizing outstanding business strategies. Holloway began his career in the automotive industry and, starting in 1967, shaped a multi-franchise dealership emphasizing customer service and satisfaction. Holloway then extended his business skills to the development and management of eldercare facilities.
After the competition, Holloway was awarded the 2013 Paul College Entrepreneur of the Year. In his remarks, Holloway stressed the need to support public higher education in New Hampshire and said that the foundation of the New Hampshire advantage is having an educated work force. If the state does not support public higher education, Holloway said “we will all pay the price.”
Germany-based solar energy component supplier Memodo confirmed having received a large shipment of Tesla Powerwalls this week and that installations will start soon.
Memodo CEO Daniel Schmitt claims that his company is the first Tesla Energy distributor to receive the new home battery pack in Germany and he shared the picture seen below.
Schmitt added that Memodo has been receiving preorders since confirming the distribution partnership with Tesla last year and that the demand has been unabated ever since:
“No new product launch in recent years has generated a similar demand in the market.”
Memodo currently only has the 7 kWh daily cycling Powerwall and the 10 kWh backup power version should be available later this year.
Here's a picture the company shared on its blog:
We are counting about 25 units.
Tesla Energy sees Germany as an important market for energy storage due to the popularity of renewable energy in the country. The company is expected to face strong competition from local battery pack manufacturer Sonnenbatterie.
We compared the two systems when they were unveiled last year.
Health Minister Cameron Dick said the successful transplant, led by reconstructive surgeon Michael Wagels, opened the door for the successful transplanting of major bones in trauma accidents throughout Queensland and the world. Mr Lichter's right leg had developed a bone infection before Christmas which was slowly destroying his tibia. The 27-year-old has since endured five major operations in six months to have the 36-centimetre "scaffold" transplanted his shin to effectively save his leg. Mr Lichter said he instantly grabbed at the chance to be the first to receive the revolutionary surgery. "They (the surgical team) came to me and said there are two options," he said at the PA Hospital on Friday morning.
"You can be amputated above the knee, or you can try this experimental stuff that may, or may not work and I said: 'Bam, Do it'." The world-first surgery was performed at the Princess Alexandra Hospital. Credit:Robert Shakespeare Mr Lichter said he had to take the chance with the 3D surgery. "It was not frightening at all," he said. "If there was a chance for me to save my leg and do the things I want to do with my son, then I was going to take it.
"I wasn't going to lose my leg without having a fight." Those things now include taking his eight-month old son, William, skiing when both are older. "But in the meantime, it looks like he might walk before me," he said on Friday. Fiancée Caity Bell, 23, told how William was born two days before his father was taken to hospital in severe pain. Ms Bell had to bring William home from hospital by herself.
"It was very scary," she said. "I was by myself, I was a first-time mum and I'd just had my baby and it was just me at home." Mr Dick praised the work of the surgical team. "This is the first time this surgery has been done anywhere in the world," he said. "For me, as the Minister for Health, it is very inspiring to ensure that this world-first surgery happened in Queensland."
The most recent surgery, about two weeks ago, makes sure there is sufficient blood flow to allow the new bone to grow around the outside of the 3D bone scaffold. A replica of the 3D-printed tibia that was used in the operation. Credit:Darren England/AAP Dr Wagels said the 3D tibia "scaffold" was modelled at Queensland University of Technology, where it was "spun" from a polymer. It was then "printed" in Singapore and brought back to the PA Hospital for the series of operations. As the new bone grew around the scaffold, Dr Wagels said, the scaffold would slowly dissolve.
Pus inside Mr Lichter's infected leg was drained first, then prototypes of the 3D shin scaffold were tested and tweaked in earlier operations before the final version was transplanted, Dr Wagels said. "We needed to work out where we could get tissue that had the potential to grow bone," he said. Experimental biomechanical research using live sheep will be used late in 2017 to assess the pace and strength of bone growth around Mr Lichter's new shinbone. "We are not willing to take any chances with Reuben's leg until that biomechanical testing has been done," Dr Wagels said. Mr Lichters's two tibia bones together provided about half of the necessary tissue.
His left knee provided the rest of the tissue, now beginning to grow around the 3D-printed scaffold. "So we took that from his opposite knee, which also has a blood supply and that needed to be connected back into the existing blood supply," Dr Wagels said. Dr Wagels said there was a good opportunity for ongoing medical research. Surgeon Dr Michael Wagels and Queensland Health Minister Cameron Dick discuss the operation with Reuben Lichter and his son, William. Credit:Darren England/AAP The design of medical 3D models is well advanced in Queensland, but the printing stage for internal medical applications - completed in Singapore - needs further refinements.
"We see this operation as an opportunity to make this happen here, locally," Dr Wagels said. Mr Lichter has been unable to work since September last year. The couple planned to start a candle-making business as Mr Lichter recovers well enough to begin walking again.
(CNN) -- Islamist militants took almost full control of Mogadishu on Thursday, less than 24 hours after Ethiopian troops withdrew from Somalia's capital, a witness reported.
Ethipian troops invaded Somalia in 2006.
The Ethiopian forces pulled out their last remaining bases in the city late Wednesday after two years propping up Somalia's transitional government.
Forces from different Islamist groups -- including the hard-line al-Shabab, which the United States has designated a terror organization -- immediately seized every base the Ethiopians abandoned.
"The city is almost under Islamist rule," said a local journalist who did not want his name revealed. "You can hear different names of the Islamist groups taking control in many parts of the city."
The journalist said the militants were in "full force" in most of Mogadishu. However, they had yet to claim control of the city's seaport, the presidential palace and a major junction on the south side.
Ethiopia invaded Somalia in December 2006 to install a U.N.-backed transitional government in Mogadishu after a decade and a half of near-anarchy.
The invasion had the blessing of the United States, which accused the Islamic Courts Union that captured Mogadishu earlier that year of harboring fugitives from al Qaeda.
The Islamists responded with a guerrilla campaign against government and Ethiopian troops. Efforts to replace the Ethiopians with an African Union-led peacekeeping mission faltered as the violence worsened, and heavy fighting in Mogadishu and other cities drove hundreds of thousands from their homes.
Don't Miss Ethiopian troops begin Somali withdrawal
The lawlessness also spilled onto the seas off the Horn of Africa, where international vessels are routinely hijacked by suspected Somali pirates who demand large ransoms. And the transitional government was wracked by a power struggle between Prime Minister Nur Hassan Hussein and President Abdullahi Yusuf, who resigned in December.
Hussein said Thursday that he would run for president now that Ethiopian troops had gone.
Ahmed attempted to fire Hussein for being ineffective. But Hussein said the president did not have that power, and the vast majority of members of parliament backed Hussein in a vote of confidence.
The chirping between Richard Sherman and Michael Crabtree did not cease with Sherman's WWE-style postgame interview. The back-and-forth continued into the locker room and even on to Twitter. But one question remains: What did Crabtree say to Sherman that got him so fired up?
Last week, Crabtree was asked if he believed Sherman was the best cornerback in the game. "I don't think so," Crabtree said. But that couldn't have been enough to set Sherman off, and indeed Sherman clarified a bit once he settled down. It was something said during the offseason, and not publicly:
"He said something personal face to face," Sherman said. "He knows what he said and he knows I'm going to be tough on him the rest of his career."
The box score doesn't show it—two tackles and one pass defended (the tip that led to the clinching interception)—but Sherman was tough on Crabtree all night. Crabtree had four catches on eight targets, with most of his success coming when Sherman wasn't opposite him.
Advertisement
In retrospect, you could see that final interception coming. Colin Kaepernick was making a dangerous habit of throwing directly over defenders, often succeeding by inches, but cutting it too fine on both of his INTs. The QB said afterward that he'd target Crabtree in the end zone again, even with Sherman on him. "I'd take [Crabtree] one-on-one against anyone," Kaepernick said.
It was just the opportunity Sherman was waiting for. Still in boast mode, Sherman said. "You throw that? It's insane... I should have picked it, but there was some offensive interference and I knew it wouldn't be called."
But this was, if not a designed play, at least an anticipated one. At the 6:50 mark of this video, Sherman notes that the Seahawks "talk about this all the time"—he specifically tells other defenders not to go for the hit when he's one-on-one, but to look for Sherman to tip the ball right to them for an interception. That's exactly what happened last night, with linebacker Malcolm Smith the recipient.
Advertisement
After briefly celebrating with his teammates, Sherman sprinted down the dejected Crabtree, patted him on the backside, and said something to him. What?
"I told him, 'Good game and good try, but I'm the best corner in the game.'"
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
That earned Sherman a shove, and his retaliation cost him 10 yards for taunting, but bragging rights are his, at least until next season.
The fun continued. Crabtree was told about Sherman's comments, and responded dismissively.
"He's a TV guy, I'm not a TV guy," Crabtree said. "He didn't make any other plays in the game. ... But he made a good play there. He can keep talking. You make one play and you talk? Good play."
Advertisement
Sherman wasn't done. His own postgame availability was less about his own prowess as a DB and more about Crabtree's shortcomings.
"I was making sure everyone knew Crabtree was a mediocre receiver," Sherman said. "And when you try the best corner in the game with a mediocre receiver, that's what happens. I appreciate that he knows that now."
More! Crabtree took to Twitter to challenge Sherman's claims of being the best. (The game tape will show that the 49ers went after Byron Maxwell whenever they could.)
Advertisement
Sherman couldn't help but respond—he's hardwired for it.
Advertisement
I'd say that's the last word, but Sherman didn't even need one. He's going to the Super Bowl, and, presumably, scanning the internet for anything Demaryius Thomas has ever said about him.
