Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TWITTER went into meltdown earlier thanks to a guest on the Jeremy Kyle show.
The women appeared on the programme begging: “Stop harassing me just because I'm sleeping with your ex”.
However, the viewers were less concerned with her personal dramas and more concerned about something else- her TEETH.
And in a twist that we couldn't even have dreamt up – Gary Beadle from Geordie Shore has been tweeting about her because she has messaged him in the past.
Now that would be a match made in heaven, wouldn't it?
Here's the best…
Follow the Daily Record on Facebook for all the latest news, sports & entertainment updates
HOUSTON (AP) — Within minutes of a vandal spray painting a Pablo Picasso painting, Houston museum officials had rushed the valuable artwork into their onsite conservation lab as if it was an injured patient in need of emergency surgery.
"I think that's a dramatic analogy, but I think that's apt," said Vance Muse, a spokesman for the Menil Collection, which owns the more than 80-year-old painting.
The fast action increased the odds of saving the painting, Muse said. The museum's chief conservator has been working on it tirelessly since it was damaged June 13, and the restoration is going very well, he added.
The act of vandalism was caught in a 24-second video posted on YouTube. It shows a man dressed in black holding a stencil up to the work of art and then spray-painting the stencil before ripping it away and walking off. An image of a bullfighter, a bull and the word "conquista," which is Spanish for conquest, is left behind.
Once the man walks away, the person taking the video walks up to the painting, recording the damage. This, plus the fact that the witness happened to film the vandal at the moment he damaged the painting, has some speculating whether the two were working together.
"People have wondered if this YouTube (video) was shot by a bystander who just happened to be there at that moment or if it's more akin to perpetrators, plural," Muse said. "I just don't know. But I hope we find out."
Houston police spokeswoman Jodi Silva said investigators are reviewing both surveillance video from the museum and the video posted on YouTube. When asked if police think the vandal and witness were working together, she said, "We're taking all the information and we're looking at all aspects of the incident."
She would not say whether police have spoken to the witness who shot the video.
Muse, who spoke to The Associated Press by telephone from Berlin, said he didn't have specific details about the restoration process because he was out of the country. However, he believed it was going well.
"Most of the damage, virtually all has been taken care of," he said. "But you have to wait and see."
He also didn't know when the painting, "Woman in a Red Armchair," would return to display.
"Even if the treatment is completed, it would need rest for quite a while," he said. "We would not want to bring it out of the conservation lab prematurely."
The museum's chief conservator Brad Epley wasn't available for questions Tuesday because he was working on the painting.
The key thing in restoration probably would be identifying what chemicals are in the spray paint to determine which solvent would be best to remove it, said Jennifer Logan, a chemistry professor who has taught courses on art conservation at Washington & Jefferson College in Washington, Pa.
Logan theorized a range of solvents were probably tested to determine which one was strong enough to remove the spray paint without also dissolving the work's original paint.
"It was most likely a tedious process," she said. "If they have the motivation and the skill and ability to carefully remove the spray paint, that's not surprising to me (that most of the damage has been fixed). I've read about much more drastic restoration cases. In the art world, this doesn't seem as bad."
This is not the first time one of Picasso's works has been vandalized. In 1999, an escaped mental patient in Amsterdam cut a hole in the middle of his "Woman Nude Before Garden," a 1956 painting.
Other works of art have also been the target of vandals. Rembrandt's "Night Watch" masterpiece has been slashed twice and sprayed once with sulfuric acid. The "Mona Lisa" has been attacked several times, including with acid, a rock and even a teacup.
The Menil, which opened in 1987 and is free to the public, will review its security measures, which include surveillance cameras and two dozen guards, Muse said. But he didn't anticipate major changes, such as placing paintings behind protective glass or keeping visitors farther from the works of art.
"I think a museum-goer always appreciates it when a work of art seems more accessible than that. You don't have all those layers," he said. "And I think the Menil loves the fact the art there is very accessible. It's almost like entering someone's wonderful house."
Microsoft has released another new cumulative patch for Windows 10 desktops today, which introduces a number of new bug fixes that improve the operating system overall. The patch is rolling out now via Windows Update under the name KB3135173, and for the first time in Windows 10's history, Microsoft has provided a full changelog.
The full changelog reads:
Fixed issues with authentication, update installation, and operating system installation.
Fixed issue with Microsoft Edge browser caching visited URLs while using InPrivate browsing.
Fixed issue that didn't allow simultaneous installation of apps from the Windows Store and updates from Windows Update.
Fixed issue that delayed the availability of songs added to the Groove Music app in Windows 10 Mobile.
Improved security in the Windows kernel.
Fixed security issues that could allow remote code execution when malware is run on a target system.
Fixed security issues in Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer 11 that could allow code from a malicious website to be installed and run on a device.
Fixed additional issues with the Windows UX, Windows 10 Mobile, Internet Explorer 11, Microsoft Edge, and taskbar.
Fixed additional security issues with .NET Framework, Windows Journal, Active Directory Federation Services, NPS Radius Server, kernel-mode drivers, and WebDAV.
Microsoft says the update focuses on quality improvements and security features and that no new features are present in todays update.
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
before after
Noted Jun. 15, 2017 by Armin Industry / Web Service
About
(Est. 2013) “Patreon is a membership platform that makes it easy for artists and creators to get paid. Thousands of musicians, podcasters, video game developers, comic creators, and others are making a salary on Patreon. Through ongoing funding, they are able to spend more time engaging their fan-base in an interactive way and continue to populate the internet with beautiful things that millions of people enjoy.”
Design by
N/A
Related links
Patreon updates post on Medium
Images (opinion after)
Wordmark.
Monogram.
Logo animation.
“Become a patron” button, before and after.
Opinion
The old logo was so bad and amateurish that its own “e” was ROTFL at it. The overall geometric repetitiveness of it was dull and it lacked any kind of refinement. The new logo signals a clear growth and maturity stage for the service and introduces a proper, nicely crafted, simple wordmark. In the past I have complained about Art-Deco-ish typefaces but, here, the low-hanging bars of the “A” and ”R” look quite nice. While the logo could represent any other company, the pipe (or vertical bar) is a subtle but proper nod to Patreon being the bridge between two things — creator | patrons — and it serves well as a graphic device for their communications. At times, though, it feels like they forgot to upload the second half of their logo, as if something is missing. Replacing the old monogram but maintaining the geometric equity, the new monogram is a dead-simple stick and ball that form an abstract ”p” and provide a playful element to the identity. The most important aspect of the redesign might be the “Become a patron” button where, if I were a Patreon user, I would be embarrassed to use the old button but completely confident and proud to use the new one.
Thanks to Aaron Bouvier for the tip.
Consumers have proven that they can hear about the horrific factory farms and still eat chicken for dinner. Personally, I find it hard to feel sympathy for animals, but I became a vegetarian after seeing enough evidence of the huge environmental impact of meat consumption, and some worrying predictions about antibiotic resistance, to convince me it was the responsible thing to do.
Almost four years later, I don't really crave white or red meat. But I have welcomed fish back into my diet. I missed seafood, and was swayed by the health benefits of omega-3s. Fish makes you happy, it keeps you young, and it tastes really good.
Advertisement:
I also felt assured I'd be able to limit my diet to sustainable fish. I downloaded the Monterey Bay Aquarium Seafood Watch app to my iPhone. And on my first night as an official pescetarian, at a Japanese restaurant, I confidently whipped it out to look up the fish options on the menu.
It immediately became clear that I didn't have much to work with. I wanted the sea bass, but, as I remember it, the menu left it at that. Sea bass. Was it Asian, European or Chilean? Farmed or wild caught, and by longline or gillnet? According to my app, the bass could be either very sustainable or the worst thing I could possibly order, denoted with a big red dot. As my companions asked our waiter about the size of their portions or details of the daily special, I politely inquired if he knew where the fish came from. He told me he did not.
*
Ecologist Carl Safina, a writer and the founder of Blue Ocean Institute, developed the first sustainable seafood guide in the late 1990s. Before that, there was really no such thing as “sustainable” seafood: “If a piece of fish landed on your plate, you just ate it,” he said. “It was like bread. You didn't talk about it.”
When we talk about sustainable seafood these days, we're mostly concerned with whether a population is being overfished. According to the United Nations' 2012 “State of World Fisheries and Aquaculture” report, about 85 percent of the world's fish stocks are fully or overexploited, depleted or recovering from depletion. We no longer take it as a given that there are plenty of fish in the sea, and some go so far as to suggest that our generation may be the last to enjoy seafood.
The creators of consumer guide to sustainable seafood, of which there are now many, pay careful attention to overfishing. They also look at whether the methods used to catch fish are harming the aquatic habitat, and if they cause a lot of bycatch – the inadvertent snaring of unwanted fish, dolphins and sea turtles. Some of the guides investigate whether fisheries are well-managed. Other factors, like how suppliers deal with waste and whether they use harmful chemicals, are often taken into consideration as well.
Advertisement:
“Consumers making the conscious choice to try and buy more sustainable seafood is an important first step,” Tim Fitzgerald, a senior policy specialist who runs the Sustainable Seafood Program at the Environmental Defense Fund (EDF), told me. And these organizations do seem to be doing everything in their power to arm consumers with the tools they need to make these choices. The EDF, for example, takes the extra step of providing a version of its guide written in the language of sushi. (When you order “tako,” what you're getting is octopus, which, by the way, is a very bad choice.)
But in many cases, providing enough information for the consumer to make a truly informed decision is next to impossible. For instance, while there's a clear distinction between Pacific and Atlantic salmon – Atlantic is always farmed and thus, always bad – whether my Monterey Bay app categorizes my Pacific salmon as a “best choice” or a more cautious “good alternative” depends on how it was caught. There's really no way, said Safina, for me, or even the restaurant or supermarket I'm purchasing my fish from, to know that.
I wasn't able to get in touch with the Monterey Bay Aquarium to talk about the way in which they see their guide's ultimate utility. However, I noticed an extra “consumer note” attached to its entries on salmon. “Buyer beware!” it reads. “Different species of salmon are sold under many market names – and several are available from farmed and wild sources.” Wild and farmed salmon, said Fitzgerald, are among the most commonly mislabeled products. Call a fillet “wild,” after all, and you can sell it at a premium.
“You can't rely on anybody selling you fish to be truthful 100 percent of the time,” Safina said. This isn't limited to how the fish are caught; the sustainable option you pick might not be sustainable at all, because it's an entirely different fish.
Advertisement:
In a sweeping investigation of seafood fraud, the international organization Oceana used DNA testing to uncover mislabeling at restaurants and grocery stores “both in the United States and abroad at levels ranging from 25 to more than 70 percent.” Farmed tilapia masqueraded as red snapper, overfished Atlantic halibut claimed to be from the Pacific, and mercury-rich escolar passed itself off as white tuna. Sushi, according to their report, is a particularly dicey product. When you order a roll, they found, you're more likely than not getting something different from what it says on the menu, especially if it says snapper or tuna. Of the 1,200 samples from 21 U.S. states that were tested, snapper was snapper only 13 percent of the time.
*
“Even if every consumer had a seafood guide or the issue of sustainability in their mind, ideally we'd want every place that sells fish to have done this work for them,” said Fitzgerald.
Advertisement:
The website Fish2Fork takes this approach, reviewing restaurants based on their commitment to sustainability and the quality of information they provide to diners. It launched in 2009 through the Blue Marine Foundation as a legacy project of “The End of the Line,” a documentary about overfishing. “Firstly, we want to show consumers what they should be looking for in a restaurant, and to highlight what efforts restaurants make to be sustainable,” Lewis Smith, the site's editor, explained to me in an email. “Second, we try to show restaurants themselves where they can improve, hopefully putting pressure on the sector to become more sustainable.” Their utility for the average diner, however, is limited: They've reviewed about 1,000 restaurants in Europe, and considerably fewer in the U.S.
As for supermarket shopping, Fitzgerald and Smith both referred me to the Marine Stewardship Council's certification system: A blue label with a big check mark is stamped onto seafood from wild fisheries that meet its sustainability standards. (The Aquaculture Stewardship Council does the same for farmed fish.) Kerry Coughlin, the MSC's Regional Director for the Americas, says consumers can be very confident that fish with their seal – about 13 to 14 percent of the world's wild-caught supply – is sustainable. Their global standards were set after two years of dialogue involving hundreds of scientists, academics, conservation organizations and industry experts. Assessments of fisheries – contracted out to independent third-party certifiers – involve a team of scientific experts whose work is peer-reviewed. Independent certifiers also conduct tracebacks through the supply chain.
“We have a system that is very well designed with checks and balances, and then there are yet external checks and balances on top of that,” Coughlin told me. “So consumers really can put a high degree of faith, when they see the MSC blue ecolabel, that that fish is actually the fish that it's labeled, and from a fishery that's certified sustainable.”
Advertisement:
The effort the MSC puts into following fish through the supply line and remaining independent from special interests underscores the complexity behind the “sustainable” label. But it's easy for retailers to make claims that aren't backed by that kind of verification. Critics use the term “bluewashing,” to refer to claims exaggerating seafood's sustainability. According to Coughlin, this could mean the anything from criminal acts like relabeling fish to sell at a higher price to “the chef who's very well-intentioned… who talks to their certifier about it – or their certifier talks to their supplier – and in the end, so often, people just say, ‘Oh, yeah, yeah, I talked to so-and-so and they said it was.' And really there's no way of knowing.”
“There are just a few sellers that I think are really committed to sourcing well and to understanding what they're selling,” Safina told me. The Blue Ocean Institute has partnered with Whole Foods Market, which personally visits its seafood suppliers to verify first-hand that they're engaging in sustainable practices. Otherwise, he said, they “haven't been really willing to endorse a lot of people who make those claims.”
*
For better or for worse, I'm not a zealot. I don't go to protests or talk people's ears off about sustainability issues (although that's beginning to change now that I'm covering the topic for Salon). When I wasn't eating seafood at all, it was easy to just avoid the issue. But as soon as I became a “principled” fish eater, I became overwhelmed with factors to consider. Confrontation became hard to avoid. At restaurants, and while shopping, I couldn't avoid becoming “that girl,” the kind they parody on “Portlandia.”
Advertisement:
And so, much more quickly than I'd like to admit, I stopped asking questions. I still don't eat a ton of fish, but when I do, I order what looks good. A few weeks back, I deliberately forgot what I'd once read about sushi's complicity in destroying the ocean floor and ate a crunchy salmon roll.
I'm sorry. It was delicious. I'm sorry.
Safina, I was surprised to hear, does eat seafood. But he's figured out his own way of sticking to his principles: Most of what he eats, he catches himself. “I can remember buying fish like, once in the last twenty years,” he told me. He eats some sushi, too, just not tuna or anything his guide would classify as a bad choice.
For people like me, who live in cities and don't have the time or inclination to cast out a line, indifference can come to feel inevitable. It's a problem that comes up with most “green” issues, involving a big picture that's hard to see from one's own small-impact, individual perspective. Another thing Safina said, which I didn't at first understand, is that he was disappointed by how popular his guide, and its many imitators, was:
Advertisement:
It would be even better, in my opinion, if people wanted to appreciate fish for everything that they actually are. Mainly they're animals, and they have lives and they live in the ocean and they interact in incredibly interesting ecological ways. And most people have really no interest in any of that. They just want to know, ‘If it hits my plate, should I eat it?' … They miss everything else that there is about fish, and the whole living world really, that makes them so interesting and beautiful and wondrous.
In other words, the guides are like a CliffsNotes version of an issue that's much bigger than anything we do or do not decide to put in our mouths. Perhaps if we all saw the ocean and its inhabitants the way Safina does, trying to do better by them would seem less of a burden.
Bexar County Texas Commissioners today approved money for additional body cameras for sheriff's deputies, as repurcissions grow from the shooting of a man by deputies who appeared in a homemade video aired on a local TV station to be unarmed and surrendering.
"Would we be able to say that any deputy that is on patrol will have the body camera?" County Judge Nelson Wolff grilled representatives of the Sheriff's office during the Commissioners regular meeting today.
Commissioners also asked the Sheriff for a review of the department's 'use of force' policy.
Deputies called to a report of a domestic disturbance in an upscale neighborhood northwest of San Antonio last Friday encountered a woman and a three week old baby who had been injured, and also found Gilbert Flores, 41, who was described in a police report as 'armed.'
"The deputies attempted to use less than lethal methodologies," Sheriff's spokeswoman Roseanne Hughes said. "When that did not work, they were forced to discharge their weapon."
But a cell phone video of the incident recorded by a neighbor from a block away and aired on a local TV station appears to show Flores raising his arms as if to be surrendering before being shot.
"The video of Gilbert Flores' fatal shooting by two deputies raises serious concerns over whether these officers used force that was proportional to the circumstances," said Terri Burke, Executive Director fo the American Civil Liberties Union of Texas. "Like other events that we have seen across the country involving interactions with law enforcmnet, this one points to a troubling trend of overzealous and abusive policing."
Unlike similar shootings of citizens by law enforcement officers in New York and Ferguson Missouri that led to street protests, race is not a factor in this incident. Both the victim and the two deputies involved in the shooting are Hispanic.
Flores' family has hired one of Texas' most prominent personal injury lawyers, and Thomas J. Henry says his office is also conducting an investigation of the incident.
"The issue of excessive force by law enforcemnt is at the forefront of our society," Henry said.
Sheriff's spokesman James Keith said the department 'does not comment on pending litigation.'
In a statement, Sheriff Susan Pamerleau asked for 'calm and patience.'
"We are diligently working to complete the investigation, so we can move to the next step. We want to get this right for the Flores family, our deputies and their families and our community. Please be patient."
Sheriff's department officials pointed out that the cell phone video only recorded the last few minutes of a lengthy encounter between Flores and the deputies, and did not include any audio of the conversations.
Matt Simpson, Senior Policy Strategist of the ACLU of Texas, says this case is a good reason to have body cameras on all law enforcement officers.
"Were it not for the footage captured by a concerned member of the public, Texans would have no record of yet another interaction with police that turned deadly," he said. "To provide more objective evidence of police encounters, all law enforcement agencies should adopt use of body-worn cameras."
Coincidentally, a new law that takes effect in Texas today provides state funding to get body cameras onto more officers in more departments across the state.
There's a magical moment when an unfamiliar piece of information--say, an address or an image--produces a flash of recognition, when we suddenly know where to place it. That happened to Paul Rademacher in April 2005, when he fired up his hacked version of the brand-new Google Maps site. To ease his housing hunt, Rademacher had deciphered, then modified, the JavaScript behind Google's application, creating a version that retrieved data from two different sources: Google and craigslist, the popular classified site. The result was a hybrid page that displayed Google's familiar map and scattered across it icons indicating houses for rent around San Francisco.
Rademacher's new picture of the world--or at least of selected cities--took the Web by storm. Even Google employees wrote on a company Web page that his site, housingmaps.com, "blew our minds right off our shoulders." Thousands of people realized that Google's maps were a giant canvas on which they could doodle, taking the locations of crime scenes, favorite restaurants, or cheap gas stations and creating online tableaux for all to see. But more than that, Rademacher had shown a way to combine data and tools from completely different websites to create something new. One blogger called it a "mashup," a word DJs use to describe the mixture of vocal and instrumental tracks from different songs, and the term stuck.
For Rademacher, there's a moral to the story. Innovation is possible only when companies let you tinker with their creations. Too many good ideas are squandered, he says, because the tools needed to realize them are locked away: "To this day, there are very few technologies that are open." Creating open technologies is Rademacher's new passion. In September 2005, he left his job developing animation tools at PDI/Dreamworks Animation to pursue that passion at Google. His projects there, he says, are still "under wraps."
--Daniel Charles
For those of you who develop or deliver WordPress websites on Windows, it is difficult to get relevant information about file permissions. Unfortunately, the reality is that most servers run on UNIX or Linux enviroments, and these are well documented. We had these problems ourselves, given the fact that we chose to host our website on a less popular platform. So we decided to write an article about it and thus to help those who have similar problems.
First of all let's discuss the differences between the servers. In general, most websites that are hosted on Windows use either Apache or Microsoft IIS , these servers operate very differently and utilize slightly different models of delivery. Apache generally runs on the host computer as the user that it was installed under, whereas IIS installs under a specific user but will run under IUSR.
By default, UNIX tends to give full access to the user who is the owner of the files and directories, unlike Windows which gives you full access to the “Everyone” group. The first thing that a good Windows Administrator does is to remove this group rights in order to improve security.
Assigning permissions in Windows is reasonably straight forward, but can sometimes get a bit confusing. Right-click the folder or file which you want to assign permissions, select “Properties” then “Security” to open the Windows Security Management pane. By selecting any user name listed will display the rights that user has (at the bottom half of the pane). Some permissions might not be available (greyed out), because the user you are logged in with does not have sufficient higher permissions to alter them, or because permissions are inherited from the parent directory where it resides.
Windows permissions/rights scheme 1. Full Control Allows: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 2. Modify Allows: 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 3. Read & Execute Allows: 3, 4 4. List Folder Contents Allows: 4 (But cannot run programs) 5. Read Allows: 5 (Implies: 4) 6. Write Allows: 6 (Implies: 4) 7. Special Permissions Allows: Combinations
Permissions in Windows can be seen as having similar properties to those of UNIX or Linux, just that they are represented differently. For example, in UNIX / Linux permissions are represented as 644/666 or 755/777, instead of being represented in terms described above. So when you are asked to use 644, this means:
The owner of this file can read and write to it.
The owner's group can read the file.
Everyone else can read the file.
In windows “Groups” are not used and “Everyone” should have been removed… So this is where Windows and UNIX do not quite equate, but what can be done is to “match” or “correlate” equivalent meanings. This outline is not really going to provide you with a Windows or an NTFS specific permissions guide but more of an understanding of how the commonly quoted numbered UNIX/Linux style permissions correlate on a machine with an NTFS file system.
Files that are placed in the root folder of your website (wwwroot or whichever folder name it has) should be owned by your user account, but only if that user is not what is considered a privileged user like “Administrator” on Windows or “root” on UNIX/Linux. These accounts should not be used in the normal operation of the website.
The recomended security practice is that all FILES should have the following permissions:
Owner: Read & Write
Group: Read Only
Others: Read Only
And all DIRECTORIES/FOLDERS should have the following permissions:
Owner: Read, Write & Execute
Group: Read & Execute
Others: Read & Execute
These are not the best security measures, but rather a balance between security, functionality and maintainability.
Windows, unlike UNIX, does not maintain a single ACL for “Execute“, but rather provides “Read & Execute” combined, which does not imply “Write“. But the “Read & Execute” ACL does imply “List Folder Contents“. Therefore, if you only have Read & Write permissions on a folder, but not Execute, you cannot see the contents of that directory and most likely you will have problems when attempting to run the file through a browser.
Unfortunately, a basic understanding of UNIX/Linux file permissions is required in order to correlate with those of Windows. The following table this should help:
UNIX Windows Comments 7 Modify Read, Write & Execute, you should be the owner of the file 6 Read & Write 5 Read & Execute Used for most applications 4 Read Only Security through obscurity is not a good practice 3 Write & Execute Not available through Windows, unless “Special” Permissions is used, not commonly used 2 Write Only Not available through Windows, unless “Special” Permissions is used, not commonly used 1 Execute Only Not available through Windows, unless “Special” Permissions is used, not commonly used
So as a comparison to UNIX mode, when you are quoted something like 644, would need to divide that number into three separate entities: 6 : 4 : 4
Windows equivalent would be something like this:
Owner (6): Read & Write
Group (4): Read Only
Others (4): Read Only
Despite Windows ease of use, permissions mechanism are reasonably complex and very extensive. We hope this example will help you to correlate the UNIX/Linux permissions to those of Windows and eliminate some of the confusion surrounding the equivalence.
Chromium-based web browser developed by SRWare
SRWare Iron is a Chromium-based web browser developed by the German company SRWare.[6] It primarily aims to eliminate usage tracking and other privacy-compromising functionality that the Google Chrome browser includes.[7] While Iron does not provide extra privacy compared to Chromium after proper settings are altered in the latter, it does implement some additional features that distinguish it from Google Chrome.[1][7]
Development history [ edit ]
Iron was first released as a beta version on 18 September 2008,[1] 16 days after Google Chrome's initial release.
On 26 May 2009 a Preview-Release (Pre-Alpha) of Iron came out for Linux.[8] And on 7 January 2010 a beta version for macOS was released.[9]
On 11 August 2010, Microsoft updated the BrowserChoice.eu website in order to include Iron as one of the possible choices.[10][11]
More recent versions of Iron have been released since then, which has gained the features of the underlying Chromium codebase, including Google Chrome theme support, a user agent switcher, an extension system, integrated Adblocker and improved Linux support.[1]
Differences from Chrome [ edit ]
The following Google Chrome features are not present in Iron:[12][13][14]
Added features include:
An ad blocker.
A user agent switcher.
Opt-in blocking of other background communications, such as extension, GPU blacklist, and certificate revocation updates. [22]
Increased number of recent page thumbnails shown on the New Tab page.
Criticism [ edit ]
According to Lifehacker, Iron doesn't really offer much you can't get by configuring Google Chrome's privacy settings.[23] According to others, it is scamware or scareware,[24] since the developers bring up non-existent issues about Chrome to claim Iron solves it.[12]
Although SRWare has been claiming "Iron is free and OpenSource",[25] this wasn't true from at least version 6 on until mid 2015, as the links given by them for the source code were hosted in RapidShare and blocked by the uploader.[26][27][28] SRWare Iron "is entirely closed source and has been since at least version 6".[21] According to Lifehacker, as of October 2014 SRWare Iron was "supposedly open source but haven't released their source for years".[23] In 2015, SRWare resumed releasing what they claim is the source code for the browser, although not stating on their page what version the source code is from.[29]
See also [ edit ]
It's that time again! Last summer, we published the first Beautiful Design collection on Google Play, and updated it in the winter with a fresh set of beautifully crafted apps.
Since then, developers have been hard at work updating their existing apps with new design ideas, and many new apps targeted to phones and tablets have launched on Google Play sporting exquisite detail in their UIs. Some apps are even starting to incorporate elements from material design, which is great to see. We're on the lookout for even more material design concepts applied across the Google Play ecosystem!
Today, we're refreshing the Beautiful Design collection with our latest favorite specimens of delightful design from Google Play. As a reminder, the goal of this collection is to highlight beautiful apps with masterfully crafted design details such as beautiful presentation of photos, crisp and meaningful layout and typography, and delightful yet intuitive gestures and transitions.
The newly updated Beautiful Design Summer 2014 collection includes:
Flight Track 5, whose gorgeously detailed flight info, full of maps and interactive charts, stylishly keeps you in the know.
Oyster, a book-reading app whose clean, focused reading experience and delightful discovery makes it a joy to take your library with you, wherever you go.
Gogobot, an app whose bright colors and big images make exploring your next city delightful and fun.
Airbnb, a veteran of the collection from this past winter, remains as they continue to finesse their app.
If you're an Android designer or developer, make sure to play with some of these apps to get a sense for the types of design details that can separate good apps from great ones. And remember to review the material design spec for ideas on how to design your next beautiful Android app!.
North Korea has agreed to reopen an investigation into the fate of Japanese citizens it kidnapped decades ago, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced in a potential breakthrough in a bitter dispute between Tokyo and Pyongyang.
"Our job will not end until every parent can embrace their children with their own arms," Abe told reporters on Thursday. "This is a first step toward an overall resolution."
In exchange, Japan agreed to ease some sanctions against North Korea once the probe reopened, and would consider providing humanitarian aid depending on how the investigation progresses, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said separately.
North Korea promised in 2008 to reopen the investigation, but it never followed through.
The agreement on the abductees probe comes amid concerns that Pyongyang could be preparing for another nuclear test.
Suga added that Japan would keep pressing for a "comprehensive resolution" to the issues of the abductees and the threats from North Korea's nuclear and missile development programmes before it would normalise ties.
"We are still at the starting line, but we have never come this far before,'' Suga said.
Japan colonised Korea between 1910 and 1945 and the two countries have no formal diplomatic ties.
Abe, who took office for a rare second term in December 2012, has long made efforts to resolve the abductees issue a key part of his political agenda.
"Shinzo Abe has made this a really important foreign policy goal of his," Al Jazeera's Harry Fawcett, reporting from the South Korean capital Seoul, said.
Our correspondent also said that the news would likely displease South Korea and the US, which have maintained a hardline stance against Pyongyang.
Easing sanctions
North Korea admitted in 2002 to kidnapping Japanese citizens in the 1970s and 1980s to help train spies.
Five abductees and their families returned to Japan.
North Korea has said the remaining eight were dead and that the issue was closed, but Japan has pressed for more information about their fate and others that Tokyo believes were also kidnapped.
Suga said that once Pyongyang began the new investigation, Tokyo would lift restrictions on travel, fund remittances to North Korea and an embargo on the entry to Japanese ports of North Korea-flagged ships with humanitarian missions.
Japan also agreed to examine humanitarian aid to Pyongyang at an "appropriate time", Suga added.
Relatives of the kidnapped Japanese welcomed the news, although some said Japan should wait to see results before easing its sanctions.
When I was in elementary school, I walked to school every day. I lived four blocks away and it just didn't make any sense for my parents to drive me. These days, however, many parents prefer to drive their kids to school, despite living within walking distance. Well, October – a.k.a. Walktober – is the perfect chance to have kids to try walking to school, and they won't have to do it alone.
Wednesday, October 9 is Walk to School Day, both nationally and in the City of Los Angeles, and many schools and communities are organizing events to help get their kids to school on foot. It's a way for parents, students, school personnel and other community members to directly experience the walk to school, and it generates awareness about the importance of physical activity, the fun of walking, and early identification of safety concerns.
Check with your school to see if they'll be participating on Oct. 9. A list of participants can also be found here.
Like this: Like Loading...
Choirmaster Father Basil Nixen conducts The Monks of Norcia for recording of 'Benedicta' with Father Cassian Folsom, right, and Brother Ignatius of Indonesia. (Photo11: De Montfort Music)
The ancient city of Norcia in central Italy is known for its wild boar sausages and black truffles, but now it's known for something else: Its singing monks.
“We sing the praises of God nine times a day. So if you add all that up, it's probably five hours every day, rain or shine, 365 days a year,” said Cassian Folsom, the American-born priest who leads St. Benedict's Monastery in Norcia.
People no longer need to travel to this birthplace of St. Benedict to hear the monks, because their chants and hymns are on a CD that's topped the Billboard charts this summer in classical, traditional music.
“There's a great hunger and thirst that people have, even non-believers, for something or other which they generally call spirituality,” said Folsom, 63. “If the CD can respond to that need, then we'd be very pleased.”
Across the USA, such monastic music is experiencing a renaissance. The Benedictine Sisters of Mary Queen of Apostles from Gower, Mo., topped the Billboard charts three times in the past two years with their recordings. The Dominican Sisters of Mary from Ann Arbor, Mich., released a CD. And an increasing number are celebrating milestones with CDs, such as Mount St. Scholastica Monastery and St. Benedict's Abbey, both in Atchison, Kan., for their 150th anniversaries.
The gentle tones of a Gregorian chant — and the many voices singing as one — creates a calming, ethereal quality that at its core is not a performance — it is prayer.
“You have to believe in what you're singing,” said Folsom, who studied voice at Indiana University when he felt the call to life in a monastery.
The monks' CD, Benedicta, is music based on Scripture, especially Psalms and the life of the Virgin Mary, plus passages from the 1,500-year-old guide for monastic living, The Rule of St. Benedict.
"Some of these are very, very dear to us and very familiar prayers," said Basil Nixen, 33, an Arizona-born priest and choirmaster of the monastery. "I simply hope that the beauty, the order and the peace of the music will lead all who listen to it to seek the source of that peace."
The Monks of Norcia, CD. (Photo11: Handout)
Christopher Alder, a Grammy-winning producer from England, traveled to Norcia to oversee the recording sessions.
“The chant that we record means something to them,” Alder said. “You can hear that in the sincerity of their singing. It does have something in the best sense that's hypnotic, or meditative. It has something eternal to it.”
Although Norcia is a centuries-old city nestled beneath the mountains of Umbria, no monks had lived there for nearly 200 years — until they moved back 15 years ago.
In the early 1800s, the monks were evicted under Napoleonic laws in a wave of anti-clericalism. About 15 years ago, nearly everyone in the city — about 5,000 people — signed petitions asking the global leader of the Benedictines to bring them back.
Of the monastery's 17 monks, 12 are American.
“The townspeople, they look to the monks if they have problems, if they want to talk to somebody about their family life,” Folsom explained. "To have the monks back after almost 200 years helps to complete the identity of the town.”
The monks also have to be self-supporting, so when they aren't praying or singing, they brew beer — called “Birra Nursia,” the Latin name for the city.
They learned to brew secrets from Belgium's Trappist monks, who are famous for their ales. A renovated garage below the monastery serves as a brew hall and the basement as a bottling room. Five monks are assigned to a “brewing team,” but all the monks work shifts at bottling time.
Birra Nursia was served at the papal conclave in 2013 that elected Pope Francis. And yes, the Norcia monks occasionally toss back a few cold ones.
The beer is more of a “drawing card for evangelization” than the music, Folsom admitted.
“Even if people are not churchgoers, everybody likes to drink beer,” he said. “So they come to the monastery for the beer and pretty soon they start talking about other things, other more important things.”
That matters to Folsom. The monk was recently diagnosed with a recurrence of cancer, multiple myeloma, which he first battled in 2006 and thought he had beaten. It's currently in remission again, but he has been told it could return and may be fatal the next time.
“As anybody who is diagnosed with cancer, it changes your life,” he said. “I think it's given me greater patience, greater tolerance.”
His diagnosis has also brought him closer to the people of Norcia.
“Anyone nowadays who gets diagnosed comes to me, because there is an immediate kind of bond," Folsom said. "So what it has done, aside from the acceptance of death, is making me more compassionate to those who suffer similar things.”
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1TmsPop
Fresh from the field in Liming, Western Aussie Logan Barber has just yesterday sent what is now the hardest trad route China – The Firewall.
On his 22nd burn Logan clipped the chains on The Firewall Project just as the early morning sun struck the rock and the eponymous stone blossomed a brilliant red.
High up on the proud Flying Buttress, the crack fractures a glorious sweep of sandstone, starting 60m off the deck with an off-width before tightening into ring locks then rattly fingers at the crux as the wall kicks back to 30 degrees.
Of the grade Logan says, ‘It's definitely harder than Air China (the previous hardest Chinese trad route at bottom 5.13d/31). It suited me perfectly so I'm not sure about the grade and crack grading is tough. Hard 5.13d/31 at least, maybe 14a/32. This is definitely my best FA.'
Liming is often compared to the U.S.A.'s Indian Creek, though Logan reckons this route is something special again, ‘Where in the world do you find an unclimbed perfect splitter in a proud position on immaculate sandstone that is overhanging!?'
‘The name also references The Great Firewall of China, it blocks Google and everything and is impenetrable. Was impenetrable.'
Logan flew back to China especially for the project and was captured by China-based photographer Garrett Bradley. Stay tuned for the footage which VL can confirm will be pants-fillingly awesome – all-killer, no-filler.
Book your tickets for the second ascent.
Simon Madden
Logan is sponsored by Kailas.
To see more of Garrett's photos go here. To read about Logan's blog go here.
You can download the latest issue VL here for FREE.
EPISODE SYNOPSIS:Even as a youngster growing up in Prince Edward Island, he had ambitions to make it big on Parliament Hill. Eventually, Mike Duffy's knack for talking politics on radio and TV brought him close to the seat of power in Ottawa, until as a newsman he seemed as famous as the people he covered. Now the disgraced Conservative Senator has become the embodiment of what many Canadians see as a wasteful institution, and a lightning rod for those who want the Senate abolished. The fifth estate's Linden MacIntyre gets the inside story from people who have known “the old Duff” since the early days of his career. With fresh anecdotes and revealing footage, ‘The Rise and Fall of Mike Duffy' traces his larger than life ambition and questionable expenses ballooned into a political scandal that could take down the Senate.
Share your thoughts on THE RISE AND FALL OF MIKE DUFFY below
By: Anita Elash
If you have more information or a tip related to this story, please contact Anita Elash at Anita Elash.
For decades it was well-known on Parliament Hill that Mike Duffy, Canada's best-loved political reporter, harboured ambitions of becoming a Senator.
His not-so-secret dream became a reality in 2009 and now, six years later, has turned into a nightmare for both Duffy and the man who appointed him, Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
“What (Duffy) found out was that politics as practiced by real politicians is infinitely more dirty, more nasty, more hypocritical, and for much higher stakes than he ever dreamed,” Duffy biographer Dan Leger told the fifth estate's Linden MacIntyre in a documentary that traces how Duffy's ambition and questionable expenses led to a political scandal that could take down the Senate.
“This is not Mike Duffy's Ottawa,” added Paul Wells, author and political editor for Maclean's magazine. “If you become inconvenient to Stephen Harper, you have a very short shelf life in this town.”
Duffy was suspended from the Senate in November 2013 for making $90,000 in dubious expense claims for the time he spent in Ottawa on Senate business. The RCMP began investigating Duffy for possible criminal charges in connection with filing the expenses and making a deal to have Harper's chief of staff Nigel Wright repay them.
In July 2014 the Mounties charged Duffy with 31 counts of bribery, fraud and breach of trust in relation to his Senate expenses. The RCMP has been speaking with several current and former Conservative members of parliament, to determine whether Duffy's work for the party was for legitimate Senate business or for “personal and partisan reasons.”
Duffy's trial is set to begin on April 7, 2014.
Senators Patrick Brazeau and Pamela Wallin were also suspended without pay in November 2013. The RCMP is investigating 150 Senate expense claims made by Wallin, and Brazeau has been charged with one count each of fraud and breach of trust.
Senator Mac Harb has also been charged by the RCMP with fraud and breach of trust. Harb announced his retirement from the Senate on August 26, 2013.
Political observers say Prime Minister Harper's brand has been damaged, especially among Conservative grassroots supporters who keep a close eye on every penny the government spends. Calls to abolish the Senate are increasing.
KING OF THE HILL
The fifth estate documentary tracks Duffy's rise and fall through interviews with his colleagues and friends. According to childhood friends, Duffy first talked about his ambition to work on Parliament Hill when he was just 14 years old.
“I remember we're coming from a dance or whatever and Mike said, ‘Are you gonna become a doctor, become a priest? Become a lawyer?' Mike says ‘I wanna go to the Hill,'” said Charles McMillan, who grew up with Duffy in Charlottetown, PEI and went on to become a political strategist.
Duffy had his first taste of television in 1962 at age 15, as a co-host of a television dance program for teens in Charlottetown. Within 10 years, he had been assigned to cover Parliament Hill for a private radio station and by the late 1970s he was a rising star on CBC TV's nightly newscast The National.
Duffy was known on Parliament Hill as an affable character whose persistence and charm helped him coax information out of an extensive list of contacts that included everyone from cabinet ministers to lowly backbenchers.
He became as famous as the people he reported on and often attracted more attention, said David Halton, a renowned foreign correspondent who worked with Duffy as the CBC's chief political correspondent.
“His role on the hill was essentially as our schmoozer in chief,” said Halton. “By all accounts he carried, when he traveled, this little briefcase with a lot of photographs of himself. So when people came up to ask for an autograph, he'd pull one out, ‘Oh, I've got the photograph as well.'”
As Duffy's fame grew, so did his taste for power. Duffy lobbied for a seat in the Senate as far back as the 1980s, said Lowell Murray, a retired Senator and chief strategist for former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney.
Murray said that Duffy asked him to put his case forward to Mulroney in the mid-1980s. When he mentioned it to Mulroney, “He would say ‘I know,'” Murray told the fifth estate. “This was not news.”
Former Prime Minister Jean Chretien said that Duffy also asked him for an appointment in the 1990s and former Liberal MP Shawn Murphy said that former Prime Minister Paul Martin considered naming Duffy to The Red Chamber during his term in the mid-2000s.
STAR SENATOR
Harper finally gave Duffy a Senate job in December, 2008. Although Harper came to office promising he would never name an un-elected Senator, he included Duffy along with 17 others as part of a mass appointment that gave him a Conservative majority in the Senate.
At the time, Duffy was finishing his 20th year as the host of his own show from Parliament Hill on CTV.
Just two months earlier, in the final days of the 2008 federal election campaign, Duffy aired parts of an interview with CTV in Halifax in which then Liberal leader Stephane Dion seemed to have trouble understanding English and explaining his economic policy and asked to hear the same question several times.
“When the interview ran on the local show here in the Maritimes, you saw the stopping and starting and fumbling and going back and the re-asks but you also saw the entire interview about Afghanistan, the economy, you name it,” said Leger.
“Duffy played this tape over and over and over but not the interview. Just the parts which made Stephane Dion look like he could not answer a question in English.”
The interview aired just five days before the October, 2008 federal election. Harper's Conservatives, which had been trailing in the polls, surged ahead and won a narrow victory.
In some circles, Duffy was accused of partisanship, a perception that Wells says was reinforced when Duffy was named Senator.
“That's a smoking gun if I ever saw one,” said Wells. “If you don't want to look like a Tory shill, stay out of the Senate. And Mike wasn't able to resist the offer when it came.”
Duffy quickly became one of the Conservative Party's star attractions. He traveled the country to appear at riding association meetings in small towns, appeared in the role of sympathetic television interviewer at Party conventions and prepared a series of personalized fundraising videotapes sent out to party members.
SCANDAL ERUPTS
When scandal erupted in Ottawa over questionable expenses filed by Senators, Duffy's star status turned him into a liability for Harper and the Conservative Party.
Harper ordered him to repay his dubious expenses, but when Duffy claimed he had done nothing wrong and refused to pay, Harper's chief of staff, Nigel Wright, decided to cover the expenses himself.
Wright resigned when his payment to Duffy came to light, but the scandal grew as Harper faced repeated questions in Parliament over what he knew about the affair. He initially defended Wright and Duffy, but then changed his approach and called for Duffy's suspension and claimed that Wright had been fired.
Duffy, along with Senators Patrick Brazeau and Pamela Wallin, was suspended without pay in November 2013.
Duffy's colleagues blame his downfall in part on what they describe as a burgeoning sense of entitlement. Duffy eventually lost his way, said Leger, author of the biography Duffy: Stardom to Senate to Scandal, as his sense of entitlement outgrew even his fame.
“He got himself into it,” said Leger. “He's the guy who submitted the expense claims. He's the guy who said that Stephen Harper is the greatest Prime Minister since John A. McDonald. He's got to live with it.”
The fifth estate asked to speak with Duffy but he declined. His lawyer sent a statement saying he had done nothing wrong and “trusts the patience and fairness of Canadians to wait until the story is fully told before rushing to judgment.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 16, 2017, 6:30 PM GMT / Updated May 16, 2017, 6:51 PM GMT By Dafna Linzer and Ken Dilanian
Israel was the source of ISIS-related intelligence that President Donald Trump shared with Russia last week, according to three government officials with knowledge of the matter.
Israeli Ambassador Ron Dermer did not confirm where the intelligence came from but said in a statement that his country "has full confidence in our intelligence sharing relationship with the United States and looks forward to deepening that relationship in the years ahead under President Trump."
There was no immediate comment from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who met earlier in the day with the new U.S. ambassador to Israel, David Friedman.
At the White House, Press Secretary Sean Spicer declined to comment on the source, instead offering appreciation for the U.S.-Israeli relationship.
"We appreciate the strong relationship we have with Israel," Spicer said in off-camera comments to reporters. Regarding intelligence sharing, Spicer said the White House hopes "to continue to grow that bond."
The link to Israel was first reported by the New York Times a day after it was disclosed that Trump gave Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov intelligence about a laptop bomb threat and revealed the Syrian city where the information was collected.
Although Trump tweeted Tuesday that he had an "absolute right" to brief Lavrov, some lawmakers have warned that the episode could have serious repercussions for relations with key partners.
"The disclosure of highly classified information has the potential to jeopardize sources and to discourage our allies from sharing future information vital to our security," Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said.
National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster said Tuesday that what Trump did was "wholly appropriate" and "consistent with the routine sharing of information between the president and any leader with whom he's engaged."
But two U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News that many people inside the U.S. intelligence community dispute McMaster's characterization.
Spicer tried to redirect the focus from what Trump told Lavrov to "dangerous" leaking of classified information to the media that he said "cannot be tolerated" and "undermines our national security."
"It's extremely troubling," he said.
In late June, the Supreme Court rejected a law, enacted in 2007, that required 35-foot buffer zones around abortion clinics in Massachusetts. This law was intended to help minimize episodes of violence and harassment against women and families entering clinics, but the Supreme Court decided it violated the First Amendment.
While some pro-life advocates will continue to resort to violence and hate to get their message across, other protesters have more subtle techniques. One Raleigh, N.C., couple—Grayson Haver Currin, a writer for Pitchfork and music editor at Indy Week, and his wife Tina, a copywriter and creative strategist—has been protesting alongside pro-lifers at a clinic in Cary, N.C., every Saturday morning since March. But their signs take a different approach.
Two days ago, Tina started the Tumblr Saturday Chores to document their glorious counter-protest technique. Grayson explains how this movement came about:
“There's no big-box hardware store very close to where we live, so we were driving toward a suburb of Raleigh called Cary, which runs over with strip malls. We were getting supplies for a garden box. We both grew up not too far away, and we've seen the clinic in question hundreds of times. But for some reason, on this morning in particular, the protesters got under our skin a little more than normal. I'm full of crazy ideas and jokes, and Tina tells me which rare ones are good. I suggested that we make a sign that said ‘Weird Hobby' and point at one of the protestors. She loved the idea and vowed that, if they were there when we passed back by, we'd do it.
“We tried to buy poster board at Home Depot, but they don't carry it. As we were leaving, Tina ripped a vinyl sale sign off of a display and took a Sharpie to it. We posted the results to Instagram and Facebook, and people flipped. We vowed to keep doing it, and most every week we've been in town since then, we've counter-protested with a new sign. Some are surreal, and some are serious. We do our best to not talk to the pro-lifers, but they often pray for us and sometimes tell us that the righteous will destroy the wicked, us included. They've told us that we believe in God and are simply ashamed of it. In turn, we've dug pretty deep into their online network of craziness, and it knows no bounds of joy and sadness. We plan to keep doing it as long as they can. Already, they've taken to putting their signs down when we show up, which we consider an important if brief victory.”
On Saturday, Grayson and Tina plan to show up early with friends, and take over the curb, so “they'll have to squeeze into our ranks, as we normally do with theirs. And if we're lucky, we're going to write out pi to 100 digits for one of Saturday's signs.”
He states that though this is satire, there's an important message behind the signs.
“While it's true that we're mocking people, we consider the chief value of what we're doing the solidarity that we demonstrate for the individuals or families that need to use the clinic's services for whatever reasons they may have,” Grayson says. “Generally, upon arrival, they only encounter hate. We want to offer a rejoinder, however slight. And we also hope to show passersby on the busy thoroughfare that the far religious right need not be the only ones with a voice; those with progressive views have one, too, and we should use it.”
Photos via Saturday Chores/Tumblr
Come the 2016 North American League Championship Series Summer playoffs, two top laners dominated the region. Both Korean imports, Immortals Heo “Huni” Seung-hoon and Cloud9's Jung “Impact” Eon-yeong faced each other in the playoff semifinals and again in the Regional Finals, with Impact and C9 emerging the clear winners. Although Impact had already been in NA for nearly two years — he spent the entire 2015 season on Team Impulse and 2016 on NRG eSports and Cloud9 — this playoff surge was the first time Impact appeared to trust and work harmoniously with his entire team.
Sometimes import players instantly click — Huni and Kim “Reignover” Yeu-jin had a large amount of success with their strong in-game synergy while on 2015 Fnatic, and took this to the 2016 Immortals. Sometimes, for whatever reason, they never find their stride away from home.
Now in 2017, three well-known and decorated Korean top laners have entered the North American scene. Here is a primer on their histories and how they might fit on their new NA organizations.
Immortals' Flame
The most famous, and highly-anticipated, Korean top laner to grace the 2017 NA LCS is former CJ Entus Blaze stud Lee “Flame” Ho-jong. Flame was the 2013 Top Laner of the Year, his name synonymous with the rise of Blaze as one of the best teams in the world.
Under the name “Goldtec” Flame was scouted by then-Azubu Blaze in late 2012 and made his professional debut with the team at IPL 5. His first OGN tournament with Blaze was Champions Winter 2012-13, where Blaze placed fourth behind the KT Rolster Bullets, their sister team Frost and NaJin Black Sword. Throughout 2013, Blaze developed a split-push style built around Flame's large laning leads and team minion wave control.
Blaze became one of the pioneers of wave manipulation in League of Legends, using a slow-push style that became common practice in LoL. As the team, and Flame's, strengths earned worldwide recognition, Flame also became known specifically for his personal minion control and freezing the lane. A 100-minion laning lead became known as the Flame Horizon, so often did Flame garner massive advantages over his laning opponents. Flame's overwhelming pressure allowed the rest of Blaze to spread their adversaries on the map, taking objectives while keeping opponents guessing as to where they would strike next.
This strategy could not work forever. Although they helped pioneer slow-pushing and were the best team at putting it into practice, other teams caught up to and overwhelmed Blaze's strategy. Flame and Blaze lost to the KT Rolster Bullets in the quarterfinals of Champions Summer 2013, again in the 2013 Korea Regional Finals, and once more in the Champions Winter 2013-14 quarterfinals. Blaze devolved during 2014, with rumors of internal conflict and passive-aggressive comms. Come Champions Summer 2014, Blaze failed to make it into playoffs for the first time in their history.
At this time Flame was rumored to be difficult to work with and arrogant despite his many obvious strengths on the Rift. He was picked up by China's LGD Gaming in 2015, but split time with former Samsung Galaxy Blue top laner Choi “Acorn” Cheon-ju. Acorn became the team's starting top, with Flame playing occasionally. Flame never gelled with his LGD teammates, although he did diversify his playstyle, strengthening his tank play, a fact often overlooked when criticizing Flame for only having one mode as a split-pushing carry.
Flame's 2016 return to Korea on Longzhu Gaming was less than stellar. Longzhu's games often self-destructed into messy mid-games where even a monstrous lane lead on Flame mattered little when the team couldn't coordinate together.
On Immortals, expect Flame to return to his natural style of play, building early lane advantages that translate into becoming a strong split-pushing threat. Whether these leads will turn into Immortals victories will depend on how much the rest of Immortals will be willing to support him alongside having strong wave control themselves. Jungler Joshua “Dardoch” Hartnett is known for his early pressure, and in standard lanes this could be a great boon for Flame, allowing him to control the top lane as he sees fit.
Team Dignitas' Ssumday
Although Ssumday is only 20 years old, he's been a League of Legends player since he was 16 on amateur team PSW Ares. KT Rolster picked him up in February 2013 as the starting top laner for their spring Bullets squad. At the time, Ssumday was known as a Renekton one-trick who lacked the depth or style of other Korean top laners. The KT Rolster Bullets finished second in their group to CJ Entus Frost and made it into the Champions Spring 2013 playoffs but lost 3-1 in the quarterfinals to MVP Ozone.
Returning to the drawing board, Ssumday was shuttled to KTB's sister team, the KT Rolster Arrows, in order for the then Bullets jungler Choi “inSec” In-seok to role-swap to top lane making way for jungler Lee “KaKAO” Byung-kwon. This Champions Summer 2013 iteration is likely the KTB's strongest lineup, and certainly their most well-known. Meanwhile, Ssumday, along with the rest of KTA, failed to make it into Champions Summer 2013, falling in the qualifier to GOL.
Even during his time on the beloved 2014 KT Rolster Arrows, Ssumday was not as much of a standout as fellow teammates KaKAO and Song “RooKie” Eui-jin. He indulged in their more aggressive antics, once diving past an inhibitor turret into his opponent's base just to secure a kill while on Jax, but wasn't the carry top laner that people now know him to be. He had strong tank play and teamfight targeting, occasionally controlling KTA's teamfights entirely. Ssumday had improved from his 2013 Renekton days, but was unreliable and inconsistent in lane. His willingness to be on the exact same aggressive page as the rest of his teammates made him the perfect top laner for KTA, but not a name that was recognized as one of the best.
Ssumday's awakening began in 2015. The newly-combined KT Rolster had a historically bad start to LoL Champions Korea 2015. Former KTB AD carry Go “Score” Dong-bin was adjusting to the jungle and all-too-often found himself tasked with stemming the bleeding from perpetually losing lanes. KT didn't find their stride until the end of the spring season with the addition of support Jeong “Fixer” Jae-woo.
With Fixer, KT began pulling out more creative in-game packages and Ssumday began to show his true carry prowess, an extension of what he had developed as a strong tank player while on KTA. Ssumday still had excellent targeting in teamfights and added to this was a newfound ability to Teleport thanks to improved communication on his team and the addition of Cinderhulk as a top lane item on the likes of Hecarim. LCK Summer 2015 was Ssumday's coming out party as one of the region's best top laners. Again, his tank play shone above the rest, even over the undisputed best top laner in Korea, Song “Smeb” Kyung-ho. On Maokai and Shen, Ssumday cemented his legacy.
This past year, Ssumday continued to play his role as KT's carry top — a phenomenal tank player who could also lead KT to victory provided he received the slightest of laning advantages or early jungle help from Score. Yet, Ssumday faltered in the LCK Summer 2016 playoffs and again in the regional qualifier for the 2016 World Championship. By his own admission, in an interview with Inven, he had fallen into bad habits from being with the same organization for four years.
Ssumday will likely play a similar role for Dignitas as he did while on KT over the past two years. His tank play is still phenomenal, and with their lineup somewhat similar in style to 2016 KT, Ssumday should perform well, provided he can communicate with his teammates. Now paired with former Longzhu Gaming and Jin Air Green Wings jungler Lee “Chaser” Sang-hyun, Ssumday will likely look for jungle help early, but doesn't need constant jungle pressure in order to succeed. One gank in his favor is all it usually takes for Ssumday to overwhelm his opponents.
Echo Fox's Looper
Samsung Galaxy Ozone's lackluster at the Season 3 World Championship has somewhat been forgotten, thanks to their redemption in the 2014 World Championship and China's far more embarrassing collective collapse at the 2015 World Championship. Ozone entered Season 3 Worlds as one of the favorites and failed to make it out of groups following a tiebreaker loss to Gambit Gaming. Accompanying this inauspicious debut under the Samsung banner was the introduction of new top laner Jang “Looper” Hyeong-seok, who was starting in place of the team's original top, Yoon “Homme” Sung-young.
Unlike the rest of his team, Looper individually impressed on the Worlds stage in 2013, cementing Signed as his signature champion in the eyes of international audiences, and giving hope for Ozone's future. Throughout Champions Winter 2013-14, Looper grew to be one of Champions' most notable top laners thanks to his impeccable Teleport play. This ability to read the map and be exactly where his team needed him to be only improved throughout the year, culminating in Samsung Galaxy White's eventual Worlds victory in 2014. Looper's name became synonymous with strong Teleport usage in an age of the game when Teleport became a required spell for a top laner.
Both Samsung teams were picked apart after the 2014 World Championship and distributed among a myriad of Chinese organizations. Looper, along with former Samsung Galaxy mid laner Bae “dade” Eo-jin, landed on Masters3, an offshoot of the beloved World Elite organization. Masters3 were a disappointment. Disjointed and uncoordinated, the team's wins all too often relied on dade outplays, with dade himself as inconsistent as the rest of his teammates. Looper's Teleport prowess plummeted without the direction of former teammate Cho “Mata” Se-hyeong and the strong lanes of Samsung White.
After an unsuccessful 2015, Looper thought of retiring before China's Royal Never Give Up offered him a contract. Not only did RNG give Looper a chance to once again prove himself, they also were the home of Looper's Samsung White shotcaller, Mata. Together, the two formed the backbone of the new RNG. Mata helped his younger teammates like laning partner Wang “wuxx” Cheng develop while Looper was a consistent, reliable presence in top, always Teleporting in when the team needed him. Their team dynamic changed a bit when star AD carry Jian “Uzi” Zihao joined in 2016 LPL Summer, but Looper remained a steadfast presence, even breaking out his old favorite Signed for a stylish Game 1 victory over IMAY in the playoffs.
For Echo Fox, Looper should be a good laning asset. However, if the organization is relying on him to be a large voice on the team or Teleport perfectly without assistance, they may have signed him for the wrong reasons. Looper himself expressed a bit of awe that Echo Fox wanted him badly enough to pay his transfer fee from RNG. In an interview with FOMOS' Park Sang-jin (translated by Andrew Kim of Slingshot), Looper said that Echo Fox's dedication in signing him would serve as inspiration for improving his English skills and communication within the team. Communication will be crucial in determining whether Looper's Teleports stay on point — richly rewarding Echo Fox's faith in him — or whether he returns to his 2015 LPL form.
Emily Rand is a staff writer for theScore esports. You can follow her on Twitter.
The nightmarish clown gets a childish makeover in this chilling photos
This weekend, Stephen King's IT hits theaters for its big-screen treatment. If you don't know, the terrifying antagonist is a supernatural clown monster named Pennywise. And if you thought adult clowns were scary, brace yourself.
A teen photographer took some shots of his sweet little brother as the monstrous clown.
“I got bored,” 17-year-old Eagan Tilghman says on an Instagram picture featuring his 3-year-old brother decked out as Stephen King's terrifying clown.
I got bored and did a photo shoot of my 3 year old brother,Louie,as pennywise the dancing clown, from it. #ITMovie #pennywise #YoullFloatToo pic.twitter.com/uVds0be42P — Eagan tilghman (@eag2n) August 25, 2017
After browsing the teen's incredible photos on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, boredom is the last emotion we're feeling.
Based on his Instagram page, it's clear Eagan's a big fan of the novel from which his inspiration sprang, and while he's chosen a different medium via which to express his creativity, we can see his talent is frighteningly impressive.
Sorry for the spam today. I'm just slowly getting these edited. I'll probably delete a few and put them all into one post later. #stephenking #scary #pennywisethedancingclown #pennywise #itmovie #itbook #youllfloattoo A post shared by Not Afraid Of Opinion (@eag2n) on Aug 25, 2017 at 6:33pm PDT
On Facebook, Eagan explains that he's not all about creepy and unsettling images, he's just creative, and he follows his muse.
Judging by the reaction these photos are getting, he's on the right track!
This mixes my two worst fears: children and clowns. It is AWESOME! — Kim Knox (@nerdwhovian) September 1, 2017
Great makeup! Props to you & your brother. Hope you didn't let him look in a mirror 😀Smiling PW is the creepiest. — Yanarfal (@Yanarfal) September 1, 2017
Hahahahaha. This is sooo creepy. He also still looks kind of cute because of his smile. — Brianna Iñamagua (@BriannaIamagua1) September 1, 2017
The photographer assures his followers that his little brother Louis is far less frightening in real-life, without “all the clown makeup and forehead modifications” and the side-by-side images he shared of his adorable sibling are more than adequate proof.
Former 3DMAX member Joona "natu" Leppänen has revealed that he has decided to stop playing competitively.
In a video posted on his YouTube channel, Joona "natu" Leppänen explained that the amount of hours he was putting into Counter-Strike had become too demanding, now that he has a family of his own to take care of.
Without a doubt one of the most experienced players in the history of Counter-Strike, natu had a long that career spanned 15 years, during which he played for teams like Destination Skyline, 4Kings, mTw and 69°N-28°E.
His biggest achievements include winning NGL-One Season 2 at a time when 69°N-28°E were one of the strongest teams in the scene and placing fourth at CPL Summer 2004 and WSVG ISC 2006.
The ESL Pro League Winter finals were natu's last event
natu stressed that he will remain involved in the Counter-Strike scene in another capacity, which has led to speculation that he may become a full-time caster after his commentary work for PGS received praise from the community.
This weekend, natu will be in Bucharest casting the CS:GO Championship (CCS) Kick-off Season offline finals, featuring fnatic, EnVyUs, Team SoloMid and Ninjas in Pyjamas.
The news about natu's retirement represents yet another blow to the former 3DMAX team, who are now on the lookout for an organisation to represent and a new fifth player.
The team's line-up stands as follows:
Related videos:
Israel's medical cannabis industry is at a crossroads and according to Breath of Life Pharma CEO Dr. Tamir Gedo, that crossroads doubles as a runway, because the industry is about to take off.
“Israel has the ability to build a cannabis industry with a long-lasting competitive advantage,” Gedo, who comes to the industry after serving as a senior manager at a pharmaceutical company, told The Jerusalem Post in the company's offices in Kfar Pines, near Hadera.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Some San Antonio commuters load their bikes onto VIA bus racks. But now, if they don't need their bikes at the other end, there's an option — VIA's new 'Bike Lids.'
Perhaps there's no place at work to store a bicycle. Or perhaps the bus drops the rider off so close to their destination that the bike won't be needed. Enter the Bike Lid, covered parking for your bike. You can't miss the series of racks with the big plastic helmets on top.
At the San Antonio Medical Center Transit Station, VIA's Abigail Rodriguez last Saturday showed off the newest pilot program for commuters who ride their bikes to the bus stop but don't want to take them to work.
“They are first-come first-served, and they are free to use. You bring your own lock. They're spring-loaded, and it's recycled plastic. It looks like a shell, and it goes over your bike,” said Rodriguez.
She added the pilot program started about six months ago with a set of 10 Bike Lids at the Medical Center. The next phase will add Bike Lids at the Ingram Transit Station.
City Councilman Ron Nirenberg likes the idea of working out and then touring San Antonio. “You could ride your bike all the way around the city on the linear creekways, park it at one of these stations, and then take a bus wherever you want to go in the entire city," he said.
Rodriguez said VIA doesn't have numbers on the usage yet, but … “People like the idea.”
The Bike Lid holds two bikes, and they're open at the bottom but are mostly protected from the weather. VIA said they're so secure that Homeland Security gave its stamp of approval.
The Marines have replaced the commander in charge of the Quantico base detention facilities, where Bradley Manning has been held in severe isolation for more than seven months. Commander James Averhart, as commander of the Quantico brig, had authority over the conditions of Manning's detention. Last week Averhart punished Bradley Manning, ignoring the advice of military psychiatrists, by putting him on suicide watch for 48 hours. CNN reports:
The Marines have changed the commander in charge of the detention facilities at Quantico, Virginia, days after the attorney for WikiLeaks suspect Private First Class Bradley Manning filed a complaint that he is being unfairly treated in detention. Chief Warrant Officer Denise Barnes replaced Commander James Averhart on Monday, said Quantico spokesman Lt. Brian Villiard said.
Military officials admitted to NBC on Monday that Averhart abused his authority by putting Manning on an unnecessary suicide watch. Jane Hamsher wrote yesterday:
Last night, anonymous military officials admitted to NBC's Jim Miklaszewski that Quantico Brig Commander James Averhart abused his authority when he placed Bradley Manning on suicide watch as punishment for failure to obey orders. […] The acknowledgment of anonymous military officials that Averhart abused Manning's medical classification to unnecessarily subject him to harsh, degrading and restrictive conditions clearly demonstrates that Quantico officials have made false statements about what they are doing to Manning, and their reasons for doing so. Placing Manning on suicide watch in order to punish him was undeniably a way to subject him to the severe conditions of extreme solitary confinement while disingenuously maintaining it was out of medical necessity. The anonymous military officials cited in Jim Miklaszewski's reporting say that Averhart “did not have the authority to place Manning on suicide watch for two days last week, and that only medical personnel are allowed to make that call.” However, Manning continues to be held on POI watch on Averhart's orders, which also override the recommendations of medical personnel. It is not clear how Averhart exceeded and abused his authority in one case, but is justified in ignoring the recommendations of the very same brig psychiatrists in the other.
Last night CNN reported, and then killed, a story that Averhart was under investigation for his treatment of Manning. While today's CNN story on Averhart getting the boot claims that the change of command was ordered in October, it's hard to believe it's a matter of coincidence that Averhart is leaving after the events of the last week.
But a change in command doesn't mean a change in conditions for Manning. The new commander of the Quantico brig, current base Chief Warrant Officer Denise Barnes, will make a decision in the coming weeks about whether to keep Bradley Manning on the excessive Prevention of Injury order, as well as evaluate whether he should be kept in maximum security, according to Manning's lawyer.
“We are hopeful that she will do a complete review of PFC Manning,” custody situation, Manning's lawyer David Coombs told CNN. Manning's current situation “is unwarranted and unnecessary while he awaits trial.”
We won't stop fighting for humane treatment of Bradley Manning. Sign our petition to incoming Quantico brig Commander Barnes, and donate to the Bradley Manning Advocacy Fund to help in Bradley's public defense.
Invitation to the Game is a science-fiction book written by Monica Hughes. It has recently been published as The Game.
The book is a hard science fiction dystopian novel set in 2154,[1] a time when machines and robots perform most jobs and children go to government schools. Because of this, very few people are employed, with many people living on a social welfare system for support. The unemployed people have nothing to look forward to, except various illicit drugs. Some have formed gangs, some are shown to be agitating for political reform (in chapter 5 there is a reference to leaflets printed up), and many are involved in organized crime of some form or another. The government, possibly the only government in existence at this point, is shown to have complete control over its citizens by restricting the unemployed to designated areas (DAs), and having similar control over the working-class.[2]
The working-class people are taught to hate the unemployed citizens, and the unemployed generally want money and employment, in a classic class struggle.[3]
The story is told from the perspective of Lisse, a recent graduate of school.
[4] Plot summary [ edit ]
Lisse and her seven friends are unemployed after graduating from a respected private school, and are assigned to live as a group in an abandoned warehouse in a Designated Area (DA). They discover that by day, the area they live in is a dreary, dirty, unsafe place. By night, however, the unemployed party. Lisse and her friends spend care-free evenings after they realize that they are a team and that this is their life now. The thought police quickly step in to quell any large problems or disputes. For their own safety, they study karate and other self-preservation skills. In the night, Lisse and her friends hear of a mysterious 'game', called "The Game" with capital letters. It is known that participants can only be selected, and that anyone who requests to join will always be declined... In the unsafe night, they encounter a suspicious man named Charlie, who offers Lisse's friend and housemate Alden a partnership. Charlie wants to use Alden's skills in chemistry, this and encounters with other young homeless people suggest the use of drugs in their DA. Alden declines and beaten up by a gang of Charlie's thugs. Lisse and her friends learn that they need to protect themselves, and another housemate, Brad, scrounges for materials to turn their warehouse into a protected "castle".
One day the group get invited to "The Game", which turns out to be a virtual-reality full-world simulation. They are given electronic passes and have to travel by train to where The Game is taking place. During the journey, they are treated disdainfully by the employed workers they encounter. Once at The Game's location, they lay on couches and enter the simulated world of The Game. This simulation is based in an outdoor environment and the aim seems to be survival in this different climate. Having little else to look forward to in their lives, the group focuses on training and information gathering during their time between Game sessions. They develop a schedule of regular exercise (consisting of jogging and weight-training), search for information in the local library, and discuss their experiences and motivations. As they progress in The Game, they find that they have needs (for a doctor and someone with agricultural knowledge). People they knew from school re-enter their lives, filling those needs, although they initially believe this to be a coincidence. During their sessions in The Game they are always brought back to reality if they experience danger, such as eating poisoned berries. In the real world, they record everything that happens in The Game, mapping the areas they find and keeping track of the flora and fauna they encounter. They also speculate what they would win if they won The Game, thinking about prizes of credits to buy anything they like, including travel.
After a year of such training, The Game session changes, they have a different initial experience and although they are placed in the same world, it feels different. They discover they are not awakened if they are in danger of hurting themselves. They first think this means they have gone to a new, higher level of The Game but start to realize they are never going to 'wake up' and that they are in their new home forever. At first they believe they have been sent to another country, but they recognize this cannot be true when they realize they have never seen the moon, which is visible from everywhere on Earth. They stay up at night to look at the stars and the position of these makes them realize they are in a totally different part of the galaxy.
They realize that The Game was a kind of training program meant to prepare the group- and others like them- for an off-world colony project. This project is designed to halt the massive overpopulation the world is suffering. The different start of this phase of The Game, which they thought was a new level, was in fact their transportation to the new world, where they have been left forever. Lisse remembers them landing in an egg-like structure which they rediscover and this confirms they have been transported. Eventually, they christen the new world 'Prize'- ironically at first- as their new life there is what they have won in The Game.
It is hinted that part of the reason such a group of people were unemployable out of school was to help in the colonization of other worlds, since each seed group would need a variety of talents. Indeed, an early portion of the book reinforces this supposition, as it explains that the prestigious school from which Lisse and her friends graduated once had a 90% job-placement rate, which is now a mere 10%— possibly suggesting that the most qualified workers are being placed within the Game system rather than the workforce.
Lisse and her group meet and integrate with another group and they all eventually pair off into relationships. Lisse explains that her original group could not intermarry as they are too close and feel like family. The book ends with Lisse making paper to write a story to the unborn baby she is revealed to be carrying, which she thinks will be a girl. The first child born on Prize.
The first sentence she writes is the first of the book and by this literary device it is revealed that the book they have read is what Lisse herself has written of her story.
Feeling the Pain in Tehran
Iran's Ministry of Intelligence did something remarkable last month: It used its website to publish a report (link in Farsi) calling for direct talks with the country's foe, the United States. In the report, entitled "The Zionist Regime's Reasons and Obstacles for Attacking Iran," the traditionally hawkish ministry highlighted the benefits of diplomacy and negotiations with the United States: "One way to fend off a possible war is to resort to diplomacy and to use all international capacities."
The authors took care to draw a line between the approaches currently taken towards Iran's nuclear program by the U.S. and Israel, Iran's archenemy. President Obama, the report's authors wrote, "hopes to solve this issue peacefully and through diplomacy" — in contrast to Israel, which, it said, favors a unilateral strike against Iran's nuclear facilities. By implementing "severe sanctions," the report contended, Obama is actually trying to control the situation without resorting to military action. The text concluded that there is a high risk of war and "it is an unforgiveable sin not to prevent it."
The Ministry of Intelligence report signals an intriguing shift in the Iranian political landscape. The ministry, a key player in the power structure of the Islamic Republic, could have chosen to use its considerable leverage to influence the debate internally — but instead it chose, in an entirely unprecedented way, to enter a public debate. The man who runs the Ministry of Intelligence, Heydar Moslehi, is no outsider; he is, in fact, a confidant of the supreme religious leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has the final word on all matters of state. Ayatollah Khamenei habitually refers to the United States as "the enemy" and has denounced negotiations.
"The report shows that there is still space in the Iranian system for more pragmatic, nationalistic voices to publicly float ideas in favor of solutions to the U.S.-Iran conflict," said Reza Marashi, Director of Research at the National Iranian American Council, a Washington-based advocacy group. "By publishing its report online, Iran's Intelligence Ministry has taken a step to take a subtle shot at inflexible hardliners who could raise the cost of pursuing peace."
The most likely reason for the shift is the dire state of Iran's economy. International sanctions leveled against the country because of its nuclear program are having a devastating effect. Inflation is soaring, sparking worries among ordinary people and government officials alike. Demonstrations rocked Tehran's bazaar in October after the Iranian currency, the rial, collapsed 40 percent against the U.S. dollar. Local newspapers are filled with daily reports on the effects of skyrocketing prices around the country.
The European Union and the United States have enforced crippling sanctions in recent months. (The latest round of EU sanctions just came into effect on December 22.) The measures have led to a sharp decline in Iran's oil revenues. European countries that used to buy 20 percent of Iran's oil have suspended their imports since July. Other countries, such as China and India, have sharply reduced their imports under pressure from the international community. An embargo on the Iranian financial sector blocks its banking system from transferring money. American and European firms, fearing hefty fines, refuse to do business with Iran. U.S. authorities have levied hundreds of millions of dollars in fines against Standard Chartered Bank and HSBC for moving Iranian money through the U.S. financial system.
The assumption in the West is that economic pressure will convince Iranian leaders to bow to the international community and suspend the country's controversial nuclear program. Iran has so far refused to comply with international demands to suspend its uranium enrichment program. Last month, the International Atomic Energy Agency, the United Nations watchdog that supervises Iran's program, reported that Tehran continues to defy international demands by enriching uranium to a grade of 20 percent — a level that Iran can more easily convert to weapons-grade uranium. At one bunker facility, Iran has also installed more modern centrifuges to enrich uranium faster, the report said. Israel, the United States, and some western countries accuse Iran of having a clandestine weapons program. Iran strenuously denies those charges, saying that its program is strictly for peaceful purposes.
Israel has threatened to launch a military strike against Iran's nuclear facilities before the program reaches a sensitive stage. There are fears that Israel will drag the United States into the war, even though President Obama has said that he wants to exhaust all diplomatic channels first. Iran has vowed to retaliate if it comes under attack.
Iran and the United States severed diplomatic ties in 1979 after Islamist students stormed the U.S. embassy in Tehran and took 52 diplomats hostage for 444 days. Despite Ayatollah Khamenei's opposition, many more are voicing concerns that the nuclear dilemma won't be settled before Iran and the United States engage in direct talks. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said last month that the dispute over the nuclear program has become "politicized" and "should be resolved by direct talks between Iran and the United States."
There are other signs that pressure is building among powerful lobbies close to Khamenei. Mohammad Javad Larijani, secretary of Iran's High Council for Human Rights, who is also close to the Supreme Leader, said recently in a televised interview that Iran and the U.S. need to deal directly. "To protect the interests of our system, we would negotiate with the U.S. or anyone else even in the abyss of hell," he said.
Iran's economy is expected to suffer one of its worst contractions. The Economist Intelligence Unit, a London-based think-tank, estimates that it will shrink to $70 billion this year from $80 billion in 2011. Inflation is galloping at 25 percent, according to the International Monetary Fund. The rial has lost 300 percent of its value over the past year.
Putting food on the table has become a challenge for many Iranians. Shirin, a 34-year-old single chemist who lives with her widowed mother in Tehran, said that the rial's drastic loss of value — 40 percent since August alone — is making life far harder. "Cabbies ask for a higher fare every morning when I go to work, citing the higher exchange rate," she said. "We've had to cut down on what we eat and replace, for example, meat with more bread. But how long can we continue doing that?"
Faced with a swelling budget deficit, the government has failed to pay private contractors. Heads of several private hospitals warned this month that their hospitals were in verge of bankruptcy because the government was not paying what it owed them. A 15-year old hemophiliac boy died in the southern city of Dezful after his parents couldn't find the vital medicine he needed, a state news agency reported. His is the first civilian death directly linked to the sanctions.
Humanitarian items such as food and medicine are not listed under the sanctions. But the lack of funds and the shortage of foreign currency mean that Iran is struggling to import them, triggering a major health care crisis. (The image above shows a woman buying medicine in a Tehran pharmacy.)
"The situation will get iller than you can imagine," said a Tehran-based economist who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of retribution. "Inflation feels like 50 percent. This is already affecting the healthcare, education, and social security in addition to production of all kinds of goods. Even if the sanctions are lifted tomorrow, it will take a long time to fix the damage that has already been inflicted."
The current hardship feels especially severe since it follows a period of economic prosperity. In 2005, oil prices topped $100 a barrel, triggering unprecedented windfall revenues for the Iranian state. $531 billion poured into state coffers in the years following — roughly half the entire amount earned by Iran from its oil reserves since petroleum was first discovered in the early twentieth century. Ahmadinejad did his best to spread the wealth through government entitlements. The poverty level dropped from 40 percent in 2002 to 18 percent in 2007, enabling the population to spend on Chinese goods imported with petrodollars. But now poverty is on the rise again. Ahmadinejad announced in a televised address in October that the Foreign Currency Reserve, the account set up for rainy days, had reached an all-time low.
Starting on October 15, the EU banned the export of metals like aluminum and steel to Iran. Given steel's central role in the economy, the disruption in supply is causing wide-ranging problems. Construction workers across the country have suspended work due to a shortage of steel, newspapers have reported. In addition, car manufacturing, previously one of the country's most robust industries, has dropped by more than 60 percent.
"Iran is losing its modern sector," said Djavad Salehi Isfahani, professor of economics at University of Virginia. "It is the creative and innovative Iran that is collapsing because it cannot attract technology and investment."
No one expects the sanctions to lead to a complete collapse of the Iranian economy. The regime still receives enough funds from the sale of oil (both legal and illegal) to keep going. "The economy will limp along," said Kamran Dadkhah, an associate professor of economics at Northeastern University in Boston. "Life will become more difficult, especially for those who have a fixed income, but the roof will not come down."
Yet frustration continues to build. Factories are being forced to shut down for lack of capital and raw materials. Workers are staging regular protests due to lay-offs or interruptions in salary payments. Public complaints by industrialists suggest that they are not willing to embrace austerity.
Some analysts compare Iran's ten-year effort to build its nuclear program with its dogged conduct in its bloody, eight-year war with Iraq in the 1980s. Back then, the founder of the Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, wanted to defy the West and show the strength of his nation by continuing the fight against Saddam Hussein. In 1988, under pressure from close aides and a society devastated by the war, Khomeini finally agreed to accept a ceasefire. He compared it with "drinking the cup of poison."
There is no sign yet that Ayatollah Khamenei might be willing to drink a similar cup of poison and settle for a compromise over the nuclear program. He has repeatedly dismissed the effects of the sanctions. But a few weeks ago he called them "savage," acknowledging indirectly, for the first time, that they were hurting the country.
When One Size Doesn't Fit All: A Man's Quest To Find An Extra-Small
As part of the Things Considered series "Men in America," producer Viet Le shares his frustrations with shopping for clothes as an extra-small man.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Men may be more interested in style, but not every man likes shopping for clothes. That includes ALL THINGS CONSIDERED producer, Viet Le. He says when it comes to men's clothing, size matters.
VIET LE, BYLINE: A couple weeks ago, I was at a Target, staring at some athletic shorts. They were inexpensive, comfortable looking, the right fit - just one problem. I was in the boy's clothing section. And I - I am 38-year-old man.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO?")
THE CLASH: (Singing) Should I stay or should I go?
V. LE: OK. I'm 5' 6", 128 pounds. Sure, some might describe me as a short man or a slender man - but still a man. At Target, I'm a boy's large. See, over at the men's section, a shirt size small just doesn't fit. I'll try it on in the dressing room, hopeful. But then the shirt pocket will be closer to my belly button than my chest. And I run into this problem all the time, especially at big retail or department stores. When I was in my twenties, I would have been stuck buying that shirt - not anymore.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "WE'RE NOT GONNA TAKE IT")
TWISTED SISTER: We're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it.
V. LE: Clothing stores now, from H&M to J. Crew, carry a size for men like me - extra-small. And yes, it makes all the difference. But don't just take my word for it.
(PHONE RINGING)
V. LE: Meet my identical twin, my brother Nam.
NAM LE: Hello?
V. LE: You're saying it funny, but OK.
N. LE: I don't care.
V. LE: OK, I'm going to hang up the phone. You should still be connected. Hold on.
Yes, we're fighting over the right way to say hello. Extra-small, though - something we agree on.
N. LE: Yeah, smalls and extra-smalls? It's like a huge ocean of difference. I mean, smalls aren't even in my radar. You know, extra-smalls - they're a rare find. And when you find them, then you need to hold onto them. And they're very precious.
V. LE: OK, if it seems strange my brother describes finding an extra-small shirt as if he discovered a rare gem, then here's the other thing you need to know about life as an extra-small guy - scarcity. So here's the experience that I have a lot, is that I'll go to a store. And yeah, I know they carry extra-small sizes, but there won't be any. Like, they're completely gone. People...
N. LE: Well, honestly, it's probably me. I know when I find the extra-small shirt that I love, I will buy it in multiple colors. And I'll just ration them out when I wear them.
V. LE: Ah, so I can blame you.
N. LE: (Laughing) Blame me? I guess so, yeah.
V. LE: It's not all my brother, of course. A sizing expert told me stores don't keep that many any extra-smalls in stock because, well, there are fewer of us. Retail space is precious space, and extra-small men aren't big business.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "I WANT TO BREAK FREE")
QUEEN: (Singing) I want to break free. I want to break free.
V. LE: They say clothes make the man. What does it say about the man if the clothes aren't made for you? What if you stop asking if the shirt fits, and wonder if you do? Once upon a time, I used to think it was me. I wasn't tall enough or big enough. But that changed with age, with wisdom, with many failed trips to the gym. Now I fully embrace my stature, even if the clothing industry hasn't. In my book less is more, short is sweet and extra-small is perfect.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "I WISH")
SKEE-LO: (Singing) Hello? I wish I was a little bit taller. I wish I was a baller. I wish I had...
SIEGEL: That's NPR's Viet Le. You can follow our series on Facebook and Twitter, #menpr. You're listening to ALL THINGS CONSIDERED from NPR News.
Copyright © 2014 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
See the amazing birthday cakes this San Francisco baker makes for the Warriors
A cake made for Draymond Green's birthday, honoring both the Warriors and his college team, the Spartans. A cake made for Draymond Green's birthday, honoring both the Warriors and his college team, the Spartans. Photo: Pretty Please Bakeshop/Courtesy Photo: Pretty Please Bakeshop/Courtesy Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close See the amazing birthday cakes this San Francisco baker makes for the Warriors 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
Andre Iguodala is not a birthday person.
A few days before his 33rd birthday in January, he tweeted, "Heads up... anyone wishes me a happy bday getting blocked."
Meanwhile at Pretty Please Bakeshop in the Inner Richmond, baker Alison Okabayashi was trying to design Iguodala a birthday cake that he clearly didn't want.
"I saw that he had said on his Twitter that if anyone wishes him a happy birthday, they're getting blocked," Okabayashi says. "And I'm like, great. I was out of ideas."
But not quite. What about an "unbirthday cake"? Okabayashi pitched to the Warriors. They loved it. The finished cake was a simple round adorned with script frosting that spelled out, "This is NOT a birthday cake."
Okabayashi became the baker behind the Warriors creations after she made a cake for the young daughter of Nanea McGuigan, the team's director of basketball administration. The "Frozen"-themed cake was such a hit that McGuigan came back to Pretty Please Bakeshop for Warriors' birthdays again and again.
As each birthday rolls around, McGuigan and Okabayashi team up to brainstorm ideas.
"Sometimes she knows exactly what she wants to do. Sometimes she has no idea so then we hit the drawing board,"Okabayashi says. "I'm a fan, I was before we started doing all of this, so we just kind of do our research and find out what we can.
"It might be something about the players' life or their college... Sometimes it's just something we might get a kick out of based on what we know about them from interviews and social media."
For Klay Thompson's birthday, there's always a reference to his beloved dog Rocco. Anderson Varejao's cake featured a basketball with a mop of his signature curly hair. And Draymond Green's cake had a little sugar-gum paste Michigan Spartan that was so precise people refused to believe Okabayashi made it.
"There was a recent article about the cakes in the Wall Street Journal and the comments were saying that we bought plastic figure for the top," she says. "I was like, 'No, I made that with my hands!'"
Beyond the elaborate designs are simple, classic cakes. Most of the Warriors prefer standard flavors like chocolate or vanilla. Steph Curry's favorite is red velvet. Green likes strawberry shortcake.
Okabayashi got her start in baking after teaming up with a fellow student at the California Culinary Academy's Baking and Pastry Arts program. The two started a custom cake design studio which has since morphed into Pretty Please Bakeshop.
When she's not making Warriors cakes, she's crafting customs cakes for children's birthdays, baby showers and, of course, weddings. She's even made a birthday cake for one Riley Curry.
When asked if any one design stands out, Okabayashi pauses for a long beat.
"I love them all for different reasons," she says. "That's kind of the beauty of custom designs. You can fall in love with any of them for different reasons."
To see more of Okabayashi's creations, visit the bakeshop's Instagram.
DURHAM, N.H. -- University of New Hampshire researchers have found that residents of Louisiana and Florida most acutely and directly affected by the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster -- the largest marine oil spill in U.S. history -- said they have changed their views on other environmental issues as a result of the spill.
"If disasters teach any lessons, then experience with the Gulf oil spill might be expected to alter opinions about the need for environmental protection. About one-fourth of our respondents said that as a result of the spill, their views on other environmental issues such as global warming or protecting wildlife had changed," said Lawrence Hamilton, professor of sociology at the University of New Hampshire.
"This proportion rose to 35 percent among those most affected economically by the spill. People reporting changed views also expressed greater concern about sea level rise due to climate change, more support for a moratorium on deepwater drilling, and were more likely to favor alternative energy rather than increased oil exploration," Hamilton said.
Hamilton and his colleagues Thomas Safford, assistant professor of sociology, and Jessica Ulrich, a doctoral student in sociology, present their findings in the journal Social Science Quarterly in the article "In the Wake of the Spill: Environmental Views Along the Gulf Coast."
The research results are based on surveys of 2,023 residents of the Gulf Coast conducted in the aftermath of the explosion on the BP Deepwater Horizon oil rig in April 2010. Telephone interviews were conducted with 1,017 residents of Louisiana's Plaquemines and Terrebonne parishes and 1,006 residents of Florida's Bay, Gulf, and Franklin counties. Most of the interviews took place between the successful capping of the well in July 2010, and the completion of a final relief well in September 2010. All told, an estimated 4.4 million barrels of oil escaped from the well, some of it washing ashore on wetlands, barrier islands, and beaches of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and the Florida Panhandle.
Louisiana residents more often reported that the spill had major effects on them and their families. They also saw more serious consequences from extreme weather, and greater threats from sea level rise caused by climate change. However, they were less likely than Florida residents to favor a moratorium on deepwater drilling, increased use of alternative energy, or conservation of natural resources.
"The deepwater moratorium was meant to reduce the risk of further oil spills in the immediate future. Alternative energy development or conservation might have longer-term benefits, reducing the risk both of oil spills and increased flooding. Thus, we see a contrast between Louisiana residents' greater exposure to environment-related disasters and weaker support for these environmental protections," Hamilton said.
While Louisiana has welcomed oil and today benefits to the tune of roughly $65 billion a year, Florida earns a similar amount from tourism. Floridians have actively opposed offshore oil drilling, which is currently banned in state waters.
"The pattern of responses from coastal Louisiana, where many more people reported effects from the spill, extreme weather, or threats from climate-related sea-level rise--but fewer supported a deepwater moratorium, alternative energy, or resource conservation--reflects socioeconomic development around oil and gas. Specialization has been channeled partly by physical characteristics of the Louisiana coastline itself," Hamilton said.
"Florida's Gulf Coast geography supported development in different directions, so today there are fewer oil-related jobs but much amenity development also at risk from spills and climate effects. From a perspective shaped by this different coastal landscape, steps that might reduce such risks while slowing oil and gas development appeared more attractive," he said.
###
The University of New Hampshire, founded in 1866, is a world-class public research university with the feel of a New England liberal arts college. A land, sea, and space-grant university, UNH is the state's flagship public institution, enrolling 12,200 undergraduate and 2,300 graduate students.
VIDEO
Lawrence Hamilton, professor of sociology at the University of New Hampshire, discusses his most recent research about environmental views of Gulf Coast residents who were most affected by the Deepwater Horizon disaster and oil spill.
http://www. youtube. com/ watch?v= xkcTsWJt9c4
Credit: UNH Video Services
GRAPHICS
A bar graph depicting Gulf Coast residents' contrasting views on oil spill, environment and energy.
http://www. unh. edu/ news/ img/ lhamilton_bargraph. jpg
Credit: Lawrence Hamilton
A map of oil and gas platforms on the Gulf Coast, the site of the Deepwater Horizon disaster, the oiled shoreline resulting from the oil spill, and the five parishes/counties that were surveyed by UNH researchers.
http://www. unh. edu/ news/ img/ lhamilton_oilgasplatforms. jpg
Credit: Lawrence Hamilton
PHOTO
Larry Hamilton, professor of sociology at the University of New Hampshire.
http://www. unh. edu/ news/ img/ hamilton. jpg
Credit: UNH Photographic Services
Published on Oct 2, 2009
Modest Mouse's official music video for 'Dashboard'. Click to listen to Modest Mouse on Spotify: http://smarturl.it/ModestMouseSpotify...
As featured on We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank. Click to buy the track or album via iTunes: http://smarturl.it/MMWWDBSESitunes?IQ...
Google Play: http://smarturl.it/MMDashboardPlay?IQ...
Amazon: http://smarturl.it/MMWWDBSESaz?IQid=M...
More from Modest Mouse
Coyotes: https://youtu.be/UW5Or7bIVJk
Lampshades On Fire: https://youtu.be/ztdoHfbTRsk
Satellite Skin: https://youtu.be/am8pPOFJi9g
More great alternative 00s videos here: http://smarturl.it/Alternative00?IQid...
Follow Modest Mouse
Website: http://modestmouse.com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ModestMouse
Twitter: https://twitter.com/modestmouseband
Subscribe to Modest Mouse on YouTube: http://smarturl.it/ModestMouseSub?IQi...
---------
Lyrics:
Well, it would've been, could've been worse than you would ever know.
Oh, the dashboard melted, but we still have the radio.
Oh, it should've been, could've been worse than you would ever know.
Well, you told me about nowhere well it sounds like someplace I'd like to go.
Oh, it could've been, should've been worse than you would ever know.
Well, the windshield was broken but I love the fresh air you know.
(The dashboard melted but we still have the radio)
Oh, it would've been, could've been worse than you would ever know, oh!
(The dashboard melted but we still have the radio)
Oh, we talked about nothing which was more than I wanted you to know-oh-oh-oh-oh.
Now here we go!
Oh! It would've been, could've been worse than it had even gone
Well, the car was on blocks, but I was already where I want.
(It was impossible, we ran it good, we ran it good)
Why should we ever even really even get to know?
(It was impossible, we ran it good, we ran it good)
Oh if the world don't like us it'll shake us just like we were a co-oh-oh-oh-old.
Now here we go!
We've been testing builds of different stuff for PAX10 ahead of the judging, making sure everything will function day of, because early software doesn't always behave correctly. Dave and Feh were playing a really cool cooperative puzzler when I dropped in, and I couldn't bring myself to look away. I could have plugged in a controller, it allows for four clever little virii, but I was too mesmerized. I went back into my office and bought it instantly. I don't know what this subgenre is called, or if it even has a name, but this is one of those games where you are trying to light up a circuit. A Virus Named Tom! I'm only one judge, so I can't verify it'll get all the way to the show, but you could (if you were so inclined) buy it for five stupid bucks and grab the very polished beta right now.
(CW)TB
Shaken from the Rosterpocalypse with the departure of Frezzyy and Variety, our European SMITE team was in need of two players to compete in the third season of the SMITE Pro League. Only the highest caliber of players came into consideration as our goal remains to perform at the world's highest level and attend all SPL events of 2016.
Today we are delighted to announce the addition of Peter 'Suntouch' Logan and Daniele 'TheDarkDodo' Minnielli to the Team Dignitas SMITE roster. UK player Suntouch is well-versed in the competitive SMITE scene, most recently competing for London Conspiracy during the Season 2 Summer split. He will join our hunter iRens in the duo lane as Team Dignitas's guardian player.
TheDarkDodo is an Italian solo lane specialist. He also has experience in the SMITE Pro League, competing for Les Myrmidons in the Season 2 Fall split. While he played jungle in the SPL, we are convinced that his wide god pool will allow him to make his mark as a top solo laner.
Team Dignitas SMITE:
Daniele 'TheDarkDodo' Minnielli
Arkadiusz 'FrostiaK' Krupka
Lewis 'ShadowNightmare' Farrell
Rens 'iRens' Oostenbach
Peter 'Suntouch' Logan
Daniel 'Barn' Barnard (Coach)
Suntouch and TheDarkDodo join Team Dignitas
Please join us in welcoming these two new players to the team! They have begun practising for the upcoming SPL Season 3. Please give them your support!
On which side should the men's movement focus its activism — on the similarities or differences between the sexes?
The thinkers among us will stay abreast of both sides of the argument, however in the realm of activism most will take up a position one way or the other to make their point.
Arguments for sameness or difference rest on a more fundamental dyad, the biological and cultural – topics that have been tackled extensively in manosphere discussion circles, though I'm not sure we have gained good mileage from them in the fight against gynocentrism.
Regardless of whether we fixate on biological imperatives, or on the biology-shaping power of culture, the gender war rages on unchecked.
So just for a moment, let's partition-out the hard scientific discussions of biology vs. culture, and pay more attention to the rhetorical leverage points of sexual politics – to those emotive generalizations about sameness/difference. All feminist reasoning, all female privilege, and all misandry start from there.
Departing from the usual MRA emphasis on differences, real and significant biological ones, this article will make a case for focusing on the similarities, on the things men and women have in common as the most effective basis for defeating gynocentrism. Emphasizing only differences between the sexes, as old-school MRAs and new MGTOW like to do, will not reach the goal of defeating feminist propaganda and the anti-male culture created by same. Let's look at some rationale for this move.
Difference Feminism as the order of the day
I am here going to chart three changes within socialist feminism over the last fifteen years. It has, I argue, moved in large part from androgyny to gender difference, and from Marxism or revolutionary socialism towards accommodation with, if reform of, the political and social system we know now. [Socialist Feminism: From Androgyny to Gynocentrism, Equality to Difference – 1995]
In this quote, feminist Judith Evans makes an observation many are familiar with; that today's feminism is more concerned with promoting sexual differences than androgyny. While obvious to astute observers, I will argue that feminist ideology and feminist activism has not traveled in a linear fashion from androgyny to gynocentrism as Evans suggests, but more accurately has always enjoyed it both ways.
Ernest B. Bax observed this fact well over a century ago:
Modern Feminism would fain achieve the feat of eating its cake and having it too. When political and economic rights are in question, such as involve gain and social standing, the assumption of inferiority magically disappears before the strident assertion of the dogma of the equality of woman with man – her mental and moral equality certainly! When, however, the question is of a different character – for example, for the relieving of some vile female criminal of the penalty of her misdeeds-then Sentimental Feminism comes into play, then the whole plaidoyer is based on the chivalric sentiment of deference and consideration for poor, weak woman.” [Chapter V: The “Chivalry” Fake, in The Fraud of Feminism 1913] Feminists only claim equality with men in so far as it has agreeable consequences for women. And this applies all along the line… I would advise woman's-righters to choose the one side or the other. If they stick to the weakness of woman physically as ground for woman's privileges and immunities, let them give up prating of equality otherwise. If they contend for equality let it at least be an even equality all round. [‘Female Suffrage' – in Social Democrat, Vol.8, no.9, pp.533-545 1904]. The bulk of the advocates of woman's rights are simply working, not for equality, but for female ascendency. It is all very well to say they repudiate chivalry. They are ready enough to invoke it politically when they want to get a law passed in their favour – while socially, to my certain knowledge, many of them claim it as a right every whit as much as ordinary women. [‘No Misogyny But True Equality' – in To-day, pp.115-121 1887]
Reading through Bax's articles it's clear that feminists argued in both directions, especially enjoying the difference narrative, proving that sentimental appeals to sex-difference were the approach that gained women the most. Why?
Because differences, especially those implying weakness and vulnerability, evoke chivalry.
And chivalry brings goodies!
MRAs need to catch up with this fact and realize that whenever we promote difference, be it biological or cultural in origin, we play into feminist word-games and provide them with the basis for arguing chivalric treatment for women.
Commentaries on men and women's different natures and the corollary of why men and women should be treated differently (read special treatments for women) appear throughout history. The claims are that men and women are different due to cultural training (e.g. men are trained in patriarchy and violence; women in softness and subservience), or they are biologically different (e.g. men are testosterone poisoned, and women give birth and need special help), thus, we must discriminate to better serve those differences, say feminists.
Whenever old school MRAs thrash their swords around yelling “WE ARE BIOLOGICALLY DIFFERENT!!” they play right into the rhetoric and remedies of feminists. In fact, many of the more prominent stars in the MRM specialize in promoting difference, arguing for biological differences over culturally implanted ones, and not realizing that they end up with a conclusion of difference that gets exploited equally by feminists – it matters not whether the difference is of cultural or biological origin.
Conversely, when we discuss that men and women have a massive overlapping area of shared humanity – the discussion changes to one of equal value, concern and empathy for men.
Males and females, for example, are both among the homeless, both are among the mentally ill, both can be poor or disabled. Men and women equally experience all emotions- jealousy, pride, elation, fear, anxiety, depression, or joy, and they equally suffer heart attacks, diabetes, strokes, broken bones, malaria or the common cold. Both suffer the impact of environmental degradation and pollution, and so on.
Despite that massive area of overlap, you can already read the “difference” argument being exploited by protofeminist Modesta Pozzo in the year 1590;
Don't we see that men's rightful task is to go out to work and wear themselves out trying to accumulate wealth, as though they were our factors or stewards, so that we can remain at home like the lady of the house directing their work and enjoying the profit of their labors? That, if you like, is the reason why men are naturally stronger and more robust than us — they need to be, so they can put up with the hard labor they must endure in our service.” [The Worth of Women: their Nobility and Superiority to Men – 1590]
And it doesn't stop with Pozzo. The same language can be seen by virtually all feminist writers from her day to the present, including revered feminist philosophers like Julia Kristeva or Iris M. Young, through to the “difference feminists” of today. The historical lineup, all milking difference, is unbroken.
Take for instance the language of popular “equity” feminist Christina Hoff-Sommers who, while helpfully deconstructing many feminist myths, is happy to promote sex-differences as a basis for seeking chivalry for women:
Sommers demonstrates the sex-differences perspective in an interview with Emily Esfahani Smith. “Chivalry is grounded in a fundamental reality that defines the relationship between the sexes,” explains Sommers, “and given that most men are physically stronger than most women, men can overpower women at any time to get what they want.” “If women give up on chivalry, it will be gone,” says Sommers, and “If boys can get away with being boorish, they will, happily. Women will pay the price.”1
The historical benefit to women of the difference argument has far outweighed the sameness argument because difference enlists the traditions of damselling, white knighting, and romantic chivalry. The sameness argument fails to tap into those medieval powers and thus affords far less reach for gynocentric tentacles.
* * *
Feminists are among the most rigid enforcers of gender stereotypes on the planet – all while championing “varieties of masculinities/femininities” which “don't fit the binary.” However, those varieties are something they tend to spout for window dressing, in passing, before going on to enforce strict gender stereotypes in most everything they say.
Some MRAs miss the fact that most feminists today are difference feminists or cultural feminists – feminists who believe first and foremost in reinforcing real or perceived differences between men and women. Many of us labor under the assumption that feminists promote a polymorphous perverse (androgynous) identity — which they never did with any consistency.
And for feminists it doesn't matter if the differences are of biological origin (many feminists subscribe to Evolutionary psychology) or the result of cultural conditioning – selling any differences of sexed behavior allows them to argue for special treatments for women and harsh treatment for men, regardless of whether the differences are congenital or cultural.
As men's rights activists, we would do well to emphasize the biological/behavioral overlap between the sexes – that we all feel emotions, all think, fall in love, catch a common cold, and seek intimate human bonds – and with that we can defeat calls for preferential treatments of women arising from differences. Let's move on from the task of defeating ‘feminist androgyny,' which appears to be an activism dead-end.
This article contends that some MRAs place the focus on differences between men and women and that that approach is an activism cul-de-sac. But before adopting the alternative strategy of highlighting male and female behavioral similarities, we need first to observe how feminists have used the difference narrative to their advantage; only then will we see the urgency.
So next time you see an argument for difference or sameness, stop and ask yourself who stands the greatest chance of benefiting from it. And if you are advocating for difference, ask yourself if you are helping to promote men's human rights or instead promoting a return to the good-ol-days of strictly demarcated gender roles.
Notes:
[1] Emily Esfahani Smith, ‘Let's Give Chivalry Another Chance' The Atlantic, Dec 10 2012
For more on Hoff-Sommers' views on chivalry, see “The Acculturated Podcast: Ladies and Gentlemen”
Further reading: Feminism's love affair with gender differences
Feature image by Steven Lilley
Liberal MP John Alexander feels today's housing market and construction rate will only get worse for future homeowners. Credit:Katherine Griffiths "It was galling in the extreme. "I come from a family with such a belief in the right to have the opportunity to own your own house if you are working. "I saw there was a massive problem happening." Since then it's only gotten worse for potential home buyers.
House prices soared 18 per cent over the past year in Sydney and 13 per cent in Melbourne, according to figures released last week. Data released last year showed prices jumped by 74 per cent over three years in Alexander's north shore electorate of Bennelong – a bigger increase than anywhere else in the country. That helps explain why Alexander has become perhaps the most passionate evangelist for action on housing affordability in federal Parliament. "This is the biggest domestic issue in Australian politics," he says. "People might think rising prices are a good thing, but there will be carnage if there is a price correction – it's terrifying.
"I have a grave concern the bubble is out of control." Alexander expected housing affordability to be a central part of the Coalition's pitch at last year's election. Treasurer Scott Morrison, after all, had publicly indicated he would crack down on "excesses" in negative gearing. But when Labor announced its plan to abolish negative gearing for property investors and cut capital gains tax concessions, the government saw political advantage in doing nothing. This dismayed Alexander, who felt the Coalition had ceded the housing affordability debate to Labor. The perception the Coalition didn't care about the issue was only reinforced last year when a Coalition-dominated committee on housing affordability made no recommendations for reform.
"I have felt like a lone voice on my side of politics for a long time," Alexander says. But now he's hopeful the pendulum has swung back his way. While the government won't touch negative gearing, the Treasurer has indicated an affordable housing package will be a centrepiece of the May budget. "More people on our side of politics understand what the problem is and know that we have to find a solution," he says. Alexander has developed his own suite of potential policies and is having them examined by the Parliamentary Library.
One of his big ideas is allowing first home buyers to access their superannuation to purchase property. If people can invest their super in shares, he asks, why not in home ownership? He also wants to give the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority the power to adjust the rules governing how easily banks can lend to investors each month – just as the Reserve Bank does with interest rates. The former top 10 tennis player – who won back John Howard's former seat from Labor at the 2010 election – says he came to politics too late to have any interest in playing partisan games. "We've got to put politics aside because what is happening in our housing market is unhealthy," he says. "We have to be able to look at every option.
"We have a serious battle on our hands here. We need to pick up arms and fight."
Final Fantasy 15 players can finally clad themselves in the game's long-awaited invincibility armour - after a redesign to make it look less like the Power Rangers.
Here are Square Enix's initial designs, which were criticised by fans upon their reveal back in February for looking too much like the '90s cartoon heroes (or, specifically, their recent film reboot selves):
And here's what the armour looks like now, (thanks Gamekana). Power Rangers... disassemble. Now they look more like Mass Effect 2's Collectors?
It wasn't just fans who saw the similarity between the invincibility suits and Power Rangers. Square Enix said it had been contacted by Power Rangers' actual publisher (presumably Saban Entertainment) about the design, and so would "redo" the armour to avoid any potential legal complications.
Wearing the armour will give you 30 minutes of invincibility and an improved skill at fishing, because why not. The downside? You can only equip the suits once per day.
Last week Google announced that they will be dropping support for H.264 video codec in Google Chrome. This raised some concerns in the tech world so, to address the public, Google has answered some questions regarding this topic to clear things up.
First of all one of the reasons why Google is dropping support for H.264 video codec in Google Chrome, is because of licensing fees — if you didn't know, web browsers and Operating System vendors have to pay a substantial royalty in order to use and distribute H.264 material –. Today licensing fees may be reasonable for some people, but there is not guarantee for them in the future; this can also complicate, may be not to Google, but to other video companies trying to do a startup and then realize that they cannot afford those fees. Another reason is that Google believes that the web technologies have to be open and as a right now that open alternative is with WebM video codec, which it is free. Additionally, there are web browsers like Firefox and Opera that already jumped in to the wagon to support open WebM and Ogg Theora codecs and they will not support H.264 due to its licensing requirements.
Google also believes that there should be a reasonable baseline video codec that every web browser can support, which makes senses, but that is not true today, and for Google it is clear that never is going to be an agreement to use H.264 as a video codec standard, again because of the requirements in the licensing.
Now, for those people who may be concerned about not being able to watch their favorite YouTube videos on either IE or Safari or other web browsers in the future, don't worry that Google is going to make sure that everyone will still have a great video experience on the web, by releasing WebM plugin for those web browsers that do not natively support WebM video codec. But remember that this drop of H.264 video codec support, will not affect the support for Adobe Flash Player and Microsoft Silverlight which also support H.264 video codec, these plugins will continue be supported by Google Chrome.
After all, at the end of the day, we all know that either Google like any other company is always going to choose an open source and free standard that works well, over a proprietary technology where you need to pay royalties, that eventually it will not only will benefit them, but it well also may benefit to all of us, because with an open standard we are not limited to the amount of content we consume or distribute over the web; of course there are going to be people who will agree with this and others that wont, just remember that open source and free, it is always good!
Source Chromium Blog
Most often when we buy something, we want a product different from all the others, we simply expect more from it. So why shouldn't the same apply for coffee? After all, we're always looking for more than just its taste, we want it to be more than just a cup of coffee. Fortunately, the baristas already thought about this and they started catering latte to our desires.
If they can't always improve the coffee in itself, they can sure innovate its presentation and service. Coffee shops all over the world are now serving latte with a design, which seems to be an increasingly popular way to do it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhgZ9xbqwwU
The shapes may vary from simple ones such as hearts or leaves and become as complex as faces. So if one of these cups would be served to me, I honestly don't know if I'd have the heart to take one sip out of it. I still like the way milk blends with black tea so much that after I pour the milk, I take a few minutes just to watch the way the two harmonize.
Photo credits here
Photo credits here
Photo credits here
Photo by Michael Allan Smith on Flickr.
Whether it's to go or not, be it Starbucks or Kopi Luwak, we will appreciate and buy coffee because of a million reasons. But we'll always expect it to be served in an unique way. So, if you find yourself in a coffee state of mind and happen to get your hands on one of these artistic lattes, don't forget to send us a picture before you drink it.
This is a post in our Your Django Story series where we highlight awesome ladies who work with Django. Read more about it here.
Nicole Harris is both a professional web designer and developer - having originally started out on the design side of things, exposure to Django's templates eventually led to her learning the rest of the framework, brushing up on her Python and JavaScript skills along the way. Nicole recently moved to the UK after running her own business (Kabu Creative) in Australia for 3 years. Whilst “down under”, she reinitiated and led the Australian chapter of PyLadies (a non-profit group aimed at encouraging more women to get involved with Python) and designed the official website for PyCon Australia 2014 / 2015. You can follow Nicole on Twitter @nlhkabu or read her blog at whoisnicoleharris.com.
How did your story with code start?
I studied film and photography at university and wanted to make a portfolio for my animation work. I asked my boyfriend (now husband) to help me; he encouraged me to learn HTML and CSS, and the next thing I knew, I was hooked! From there I became a web designer, during which time I became familiar with, amongst other things, Django templates. Learning to code with Django was a natural next step.
What did you do before becoming a programmer?
I was a web designer. Ironically, I had very little interest in server-side programming, thinking at the time that it was not interactive and creative enough for me - but once I eventually dipped my toe in the water, I quickly realised just how wrong these assumptions had been! In fact, there is a huge amount of design involved in programming!
What do you love the most about coding?
I love the creativity! I enjoy the process of making something from nothing and solving complex problems with creative thinking.
Why Django?
I can't really take too much credit for initially choosing Django - my husband was already well-versed in it, and it was his encouragement that pushed me towards this particular framework. However, I certainly did choose to stick around! Perhaps my favourite thing about Django is its incredible community - everyone is really friendly and helpful. Also, the docs are stand-out fantastic.
What cool projects are you working on at the moment/planning on working on in the near future?
I am working on a moderated social network called Connect. It's an invitation-only space designed to help users connect with each other based on skills, location and experience. My initial motivation was to make it for PyLadies Australia, but I've since open-sourced it and am I hoping to launch it as a mentorship platform for Django too.
What are you the most proud of?
Constantly challenging myself.
What are you curious about?
Different foods, cultures, ways of thinking. On the coding front, I'm currently interested in architectural questions (how can I better structure my code) and learning some more JS - at the moment this means making a small app with Ember.js.
What do you like doing in your free time? What's your hobby?
I LOVE food, and I really enjoy cooking, especially baking. I'm also a huge fan of curries (I lived in India for six months, where I got to sample quite a few of them)! I am also midway through making a huge multi-coloured quilt, though I'm still waiting for my sewing machine to arrive from Australia, so it could be a little while yet. I am also learning French, which is a pretty big challenge.
Do you have any advice/tips for programming beginners?
Don't be afraid to ask questions - no question is stupid. Asking questions isn't just about helping yourself - you're also teaching the community how they can better help beginners. If you don't understand, then your teacher/ the community / the docs need some improvement - it is not a reflection of your intelligence or ability to learn. You can do it!
Anna Ossowski @OssAnna16
Thanks Nicole! :)
This post was updated on Thursday, August 4 at 10:56 p.m.
Missouri's public-defender system is in crisis. Like many other systems throughout the U.S., it is underfunded, understaffed, and underappreciated. The state spends less than half of the national average in per-capita public-defense spending, placing it in 49th place out of 50, according to the National Legal Aid and Defense Association.
Ensuring that Missouri carries out the Constitution's command that all criminal defendants receive legal representation is the job of Michael Barrett, the director of the state's public-defender system. To deal with an extraordinary problem, Barrett hit upon an extraordinary solution: use an obscure Missouri legal provision to order Missouri Governor Jay Nixon, a lawyer and former state attorney general, to provide legal aid to the state's poorest defendants.
Relying on private attorneys to fill gaps in the public-defender system is hardly novel. But conscripting the governor of a state into providing legal-aid service appears to be unprecedented. In a terse, damning letter to Nixon dated August 2, Barrett laid out his reasoning behind the unusual assignment.
Seven years ago, your office vetoed Senate Committee Substitute for Senate Bill No. 37, which would have provided caseload relief to an overburdened public defender system. In denying that relief, you acknowledged that MSPD was operating “under significant stresses” and committed to working with the General Assembly to fix the problem, but never did. Instead, you have repeatedly cut funding for an indigent defense system that continues to rank 49th in the U.S., with a budget that the consumer price index indicates has less value now than it did in 2009. After cutting $3.47 million from public defense in 2015, you now cite fiscal discipline as reason to again restrict MSPD's budget, this time by 8.5%. However, and despite claims that revenues are considerably less than expected, you did not restrict a single dollar from your own budget, and the average withhold from 12 of you executive agencies does not even add up to one half of one percent (.47%). This action comes even after the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice found that poor black children are being systematically deprived of their rights in Missouri due in large part to the lack of public defenders. Choosing the wake of that report to further debilitate the very organization that ensures an equal system of justice only adds to the escalating sentiment that the poor and disenfranchised do not receive a fair shake in Missouri's criminal justice system.
The clash also follows Nixon's July decision to slash $3.5 million from the public-defender budget, reducing a $4.5 million increase earmarked for the system by state legislators to $1 million. According to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, a 2014 study found the system would need an additional 270 attorneys to handle its massive caseload. But the cuts made those hires effectively impossible, Barrett claimed.
As Director of the Public Defender System, I can only hire attorneys when I have the funding to do so. Because you have restricted that funding, MSPD must hold a significant number of vacant positions open to have the necessary funds to make it though the fiscal year, a task which is exacerbated by a 12% increase in cases over the year prior. To avoid having to close one or more offices, the remaining option is to consider the use of Section 600.042.5, which gives the Director of the Public Defender System the authority to “[d]elegate the legal representation of any person to any member of the state bar of Missouri.”
Barrett acknowledged this option is strong medicine. “As of yet, I have not utilized this provision because it is my sincere belief that it is wrong to reassign an obligation placed on the state by the 6th and 14th Amendments to private attorneys who have in no way contributed to the current crisis,” he wrote. “However, given the extraordinary circumstances that compel me to entertain any and all avenues for relief, it strikes me that I should begin with the one attorney in the state who not only created this problem, but is in a unique position to address it.”
Therefore, pursuant to Section 600.042.5 and as Director of the Missouri State Public Defender System tasked with carrying out the State's obligation to ensure that poor people who face incarceration are afforded competent counsel in their defense, I hereby appoint you, Jeremiah W. (Jay) Nixon, Bar No. 29603, to enter your appearance as counsel of record in the attached case.
In response, Scott Holste, Nixon's communications director, issued a statement Thursday defending the governor's record on indigent defense. He also challenged Barrett's legal authority to appoint Nixon as counsel, citing other statutes.
Gov. Nixon has always supported indigent criminal defendants having legal representation. That is why under his administration the state public defender has seen a 15 percent increase in funding at the same time that other state agencies have had to tighten their belts and full-time state employment has been reduced by 5,100. That being said, it is well established that the public defender does not have the legal authority to appoint private counsel. Under Section 600.064 of Missouri law, only the circuit court can appoint a private attorney to represent an indigent criminal defendant. Section 600.042.5, the statute referenced by the public defender, authorizes the public defender to “delegate” representation by contracting with private counsel, which requires the consent of the private attorney.
This isn't Barrett's only effort to protest the budget cuts. He and the Missouri Public Defense Commission also sued Nixon on July 13, arguing the withholding of public funds from the public-defense system violated Missouri's state constitution. In a statement coinciding with the lawsuit, Barrett accused Nixon of undermining the state legislature by executive fiat.
“The Governor's attempt to transform our democracy into a monarchy violates the separation of powers at the most rudimentary level,” he declared.
Even a lawsuit now seems like a relatively tame maneuver compared to Barrett's letter. Whether a judge will allow the state's chief executive to be forced to work as a public defender remains to be seen. But if Nixon is compelled to serve, he'll almost certainly find his labors to be a drop too small in a bucket too large.
This article is part of our Next America: Criminal Justice project, which is supported by a grant from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.
With the deadline for Washington's all-mail election having (finally!) arrived, there is another deadline this week residents around E Denny and 14th Ave are concerned about.
Wednesday, November 7th is the last day for public comment on Seattle City Light's proposed alternative route for a 115 kilovolt transmission line to run up Denny and across Capitol Hill on 14th Ave as part of the proposed Denny Substation project. The city has been adamant in saying that downtown, underground routes for the line are the preferred route but also told CHS that the faster, cheaper alternative is to build the 100-foot towers the line requires across Capitol Hill and the Central District to connect the planned new station to another substation to the south.
Comments on the proposal should be directed to SCL_dennysepa@seattle.gov by Wednesday. The City Light page on the project is here.
Some neighbors living along the route tell CHS they are concerned that more people haven't provided comments — or even know about the proposal. CHS is the only media outlet in the city to have covered the plan. One reader told CHS that staff from a City Council member's office that he contacted last week told him his call was the first they had received. That reader also said one of his neighbors told him he, too, was surprised to learn about the proposal. We don't know if that neighbor learned about the plan from CHS — but we wish Representative Jamie Pedersen good luck in today's election.
Mike Dillard and Robert Hirsch From The Elevation Group Set to Launch New Wealth Building Business Course, Elevation Income.
(Newswire.net -- October 4, 2013) Boston, MA -- The Elevation Income training course is opening next week for people, providing an easy 3-step blueprint for starting up a prosperous business in virtually any marketplace within 3 months. The Elevation Income program is the most recent offering through the Elevation Group (EVG), and was developed by The Elevation Group founder Mike Dillard and Chief Executive Officer Robert Hirsch. With over thirty years of entrepreneurial expertise between them, Mike Dillard and Robert's objective with Elevation Income is to help any individual grow their regular monthly cash flow.
Prior to the official release date, Mike Dillard and Hirsch are going to be publishing free training videos revealing their own personal experiences, their own easy 3 step business strategy as well as profitable case studies.
Mike Dillard says that whenever you recognize the typical American possesses under $25,000 in personal savings, as well as adverse jobs and retirement plan trends, “Starting your own business is no longer an option, but absolutely essential unless you wish to wind up working well into your 70's.”
However that's not the sole purpose Mike Dillard thinks a lot more people ought to start up a small business, “I think everybody would certainly agree that life can be much less stress filled, and much more satisfying, if you could live the life you would like to live with out needing to concern yourself with money, and even better - if you could possibly make that money while pursuing your greatest passion.”
Dillard and Robert Hirsch point anybody eager to find out more about Elevation Income to visit the website: http://theelevationgroup.com/elevation-income/.
About Dillard, Hirsch and The Elevation Group: Mike Dillard is recognized for going from “dead-broke and waiting tables,” to earning his first million dollars within eighteen months at the age of twenty-seven. Robert Hirsch's very first company had six locations by the time he graduated from high school, and his travel software organization was bought by Expedia.com.
Together, they started The Elevation Group in 2010 to educate men and women exactly how to invest just like the rich. They say they utilized the identical 3-step blueprint from Elevation Income to start EVG, which generated gross revenue of $3.2 million within the company's first seven days. To learn more, go to: http://theelevationgroup.com/elevation-income/.
This energy gives a 'kick' that over days alters the swing of the pendulums
It is a mystery that has puzzled scientist for nearly 350 years, but now researchers claim to have solved what causes pendulum clocks to synchronise their swings.
A team of physicists and mathematicians say sound from the ticking clocks transfers energy between them and eventually causes the pendulums to move in time.
In effect the clocks 'communicate' with each other and over several days or even hours they begin to nudge each other until their swing matches.
Scroll down for video
Researchers have found that minute amounts of energy transmitted between two pendulum clocks connected to the same beam can cause them over time to become synchronised. This is because the sound produced by the mechanisms inside each clock, above, gives the other a 'kick' that causes them to exchange energy
However, the researchers found the synchronisation would only occur if the clocks were both connected to a beam capable of transferring the energy between them.
The phenomenon was first spotted by Dutch scientist Christiaan Huygens, who in 1665 after inventing the pendulum clock noticed two of them attached to the same wall swung in time with each other no matter if the clocks had been started at different times.
WHY WE NEED LEAP SECONDS This year will have 31,536,001 seconds in it - one more than normal. Scientists say adding this 'leap second' is crucial to compensate for the slowing of the Earth's rotation. Of the daily sum of 86,400 seconds measured by atomic clocks, Earth rotates about 0.002 seconds slower. This is due to the discrepancy between atomic time and the mathematically calculated time of Earth's date. However, Earth's rotation is also getting slower, on the order of a millisecond or so every century. It's thought that, four billion years ago, a day on the planet lasted just 22 hours. This is mostly due to the tidal pull from the moon, which is very slightly slowing the rotation of Earth.
Huygens at the time said he believed the clocks somehow 'spoke' to each other either through the air or though the material they were connected to.
Since then many scientists have attempted to understand what lay behind the effect but most have struggled to measure what has been going on.
Now Dr Henrique Oliveira, a mathematician and Dr Luis Melo, a physicist, both at the University of Lisbon, have used computer modelling and high precision optical lasers to answer the question.
Writing in the journal Scientific Reports, the pair said: 'We assume that the coupling is obtained through the exchange of sound pulses between the clock propagated through the rail.
'When one clock receives the kick, the impact propagates in the wall slightly perturbing the second clock.
'In this model each clock transmits once per cycle a sound pulse that is translated in a pendulum speed change.'
The researchers set up two pendulum clocks attached to an aluminium beam before setting them ticking.
No matter when the clocks were started, they would eventually start to move into synchronisation over the course of around 18 hours.
This graph shows show the clocks, one shown by the red light and other other by the black line, became synchronised after a few hours. The phase difference between the clocks is shown by the green line and shows how after about three days they were completely in phase with each other
Even if the pendulums moved in opposite directions, the period – the time it takes to swing an entire cycle to the left and right - would become the same.
Their models predicted that each clock would send out tiny vibrations as the pendulum swings and causes the gears inside the clock to move.
However, when they changed the material the clocks were attached to – to MDF or fiberglass – the pendulums would fail to couple properly.
Cuckoo clocks, like those above, use a pendulum system. clockmakers have often noticed the strange effect that causes the swinging pendulums to synchronise over time and it appears to be due to sound passing through the wall they are connected to causing the pendulums to exchange energy with each other
Dutch scientist Christiaan Huygens, above, was the first person to spot the phenomenon in two pendulum clocks hanging on his wall in 1665 when he noticed they both began to synchronise over time no matter how out of sync they were when they were started. The new research has finally solved the mystery of why
This is because the more flexible material absorbed much of the energy from the clocks and prevented it from being transmitted.
This suggests the vibration is transmitted as sound pulses through the material the clocks are attached to rather than through the air.
This causes a small change with each swing of the pendulum in the neighbouring clock until they eventually reach equilibrium.
In the clocks used by Huygens, which were monsters using weights weighing 50-60lbs, a stiff wooden beam connected them.
Dr Melo told the Smithsonian Magazine that with patience a similar experiment could be carried out by anyone at home, but warned that while watching the clocks was mesmerizing, 'one gets very anxious after a while'.
BOOK OF NUMBERS - Joshua Cohen
The Book of Numbers is a book of ideas fizzing with energy. The novel touches on autobiography, family memoir, phoned-in ghostwriting, geeky tech history, transnational surveillance thriller and sex comedy – it is an epic journey through the twentieth century and into the twenty-first.
The theme of surveillance was the spark of this cover. We had admired the RGB wallpaper work of Carnovsky for a while (a Milan based artist/designer duo comprised of Francesco Rugi and Silvia Quintanilla.) Their RGB work experiments with the interaction between printed light and colours. Images in these colours are overlaid, lines and shapes entwine but when seen under a filter/coloured light one of the three layers is revealed.
The duo were given a large list of subjects from the novel, highlighting the ones that felt particularly important to be included. We then gave Carnosky an unusual circular grid. The idea was that this circle would fold down to wrap around the book as a jacket but when opened out would for an extraordinary poster of the novel.
Below is a brief bit from Carnosky:
‘When we were approached by Vintage to illustrate the cover artwork for Joshua Cohen's Book of Numbers, we accepted with enthusiasm. Literature has always been one of our passions and we are avid readers. Another aspect that fascinated us is the book's complexity and the richness of iconographic elements it contains. We have always loved complexity: indeed minimalism is not for us. What we tried to do, and most of all when Vintage allowed us to work in a magnificent round foldout format was exactly this, to try to render the book's complexity by creating a sort of great celestial map, or zodiac, inhabited by the most diverse objects, animals, characters and deities. A zodiac of the absurd where the most strange and surreal encounters, between a pigeon and Krishna, an old Mac and a monkey or a buffalo and a helicopter, take place, just like in the popular phrase by Comte de Lautréamont ‘As beautiful as the chance encounter of a sewing machine and an umbrella on an operating table.'
Published by Harvill Secker in June 2015
According to a 1950s political theory The Structure of Power in American Society is mainly built on three elite groups, the high military, the corporation executives and the political directorate. (The “political directorate” can best be described as the bureaucracy, the CIA and their proxies within Congress.)
On election day I noted that only the military had supported The Not-Hillary President. The corporate and executive corners of the triangle had pushed for Hillary Clinton and continued to do so even after Trump had won. (Only recently did the “collusion with Russia” nonsense suddenly die down.) I wrote:
The military will demand its due beyond the three generals now in Trump's cabinet.
That turned out to be right. A military junta is now ruling the United States:
Instant Access to Current Spot Prices & Interactive Charts
Inside the White House, meanwhile, generals manage Trump's hour-by-hour interactions and whisper in his ear — and those whispers, as with the decision this week to expand U.S. military operations in Afghanistan, often become policy.At the core of Trump's circle is a seasoned trio of generals with experience as battlefield commanders: White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and national security adviser H.R. McMaster. The three men have carefully cultivated personal relationships with the president and gained his trust….Kelly, Mattis and McMaster are not the only military figures serving at high levels in the Trump administration. CIA Director Mike Pompeo, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke each served in various branches of the military, and Trump recently tapped former Army general Mark S. Inch to lead the Federal Bureau of Prisons. […] the National Security Council [..] counts two other generals on the senior staff.
With the firing of the renegade Flynn and various other Trump advisors, the Junta has already removed all independent voices in the White House. It is now attaching more control wires to its “salesperson” marionette:
The new system, laid out in two memos co-authored by [General] Kelly and Porter and distributed to Cabinet members and White House staffers in recent days, is designed to ensure that the president won't see any external policy documents, internal policy memos, agency reports, and even news articles that haven't been vetted.
Trump has a weakness for the military since he attended a New York military academy during his youth.
But he does not like to be controlled. I expect him to revolt one day. He will then find that it is too late and that he is actually powerless.
—
The Zionist propaganda is claiming that Iran is taking over Syria and that its sole concern is to create a land-corridor between Iran and Lebanon. The AP is now reporting this myth as if it were fact. The argument the AP writers make is illogical and fails:
The land-route would be the biggest prize yet for Iran in its involvement in Syria's six-year-old civil war. […] It would facilitate movement of Iranian-backed fighters between Iran, Iraq, Syria and Lebanon as well as the flow of weapons to Damascus and Lebanon's Hezbollah, Iran's main proxy group.
That landline would facilitate something that, according to further AP “reporting”, has already been achieved without it:
The route is largely being carved out by Iran's allies and proxies, a mix of forces including troops of Syrian President Bashar Assad, Hezbollah fighters and Shiite militias on both sides of the border aiming to link up. Iran also has forces of its own Revolutionary Guard directly involved in the campaign on the Syrian side.
So, apparently, Iran needs a land corridor to move weapons and fighters to Syria and Lebanon. To open that currently closed-off land corridor it has moved weapons and fighters to Syria and Lebanon. Somehow that argument is not convincing at all.
—
The usual NATO propaganda outlets are retching up fear over an upcoming Russian maneuver:
Russia is preparing to mount what could be one of its biggest military exercises since the cold war, a display of power that will be watched warily by Nato against a backdrop of east-west tensions.Western officials and analysts estimate up to 100,000 military personnel and logistical support could participate in the Zapad (West) 17 exercise, which will take place next month in Belarus, Kaliningrad and Russia itself.
It follows a lot of speculation and obvious bullshit. In reality Zaphad is a series of smaller maneuvers taking place over some six month. It includes local police and civil defense agencies which lets the numbers look big. Each year such maneuvers take place in one of the four military districts of Russia. The number of soldiers at the core of the exercise will amount to about a division size force of 13,000-15,000 troops. Nothing, absolutely nothing, is unusual with that maneuver but the NATO propaganda attempts to make it look like an imminent Russian invasion of western Europe.
Reprinted with permission from Moon of Alabama.
Prisoner escapes by faking an email ordering his release
Neil Moore was locked up in England's notorious Wandsworth Prison when he used a smuggled cellphone to send an email to the prison that appeared to come from a court clerk who was ordering his release on parole.
The prison figured out what had happened three days later when his lawyer showed up to interview him and he was gone. He turned himself in to the police three days after that. Moore is a convicted fraudster who stole £1.8M with social engineering techniques, including a gift for voice impersonation.
Southwark Crown Court heard he had set up a fake web domain which closely resembled that of the court service's official address. He then emailed the prison's custody inbox with instructions for his release. The court heard Moore registered the bogus website in the name of investigating officer Det Insp Chris Soole, giving the address and contact details for the Royal Courts of Justice. Prosecutor Ian Paton said: "A lot of criminal ingenuity harbours in the mind of Mr Moore. The case is one of extraordinary criminal inventiveness, deviousness and creativity, all apparently the developed expertise of this defendant". The judge, Recorder David Hunt QC, described the behaviour as "ingenious" criminality.
Wandsworth Prison escapee Neil Moore faked bail email [BBC]
In recent years, Americans have grown increasingly skeptical of the role of religion in politics. According to the Pew Research Center, the share of Americans saying there is "too much" expression of faith and prayer by politicians crept up from 12 percent in 2001 to 38 percent in 2012, enough for a plurality. Most now say that churches should keep out of political matters, and a majority agree that "religious conservatives have too much control over the GOP."
Against this backdrop the Secular Coalition for America, a nonprofit group with a mission to "raise the profile of secular Americans" nationwide, released its rankings of how much — or little — legislators have supported the notion of church/state separation in the 113th Congress. Representatives were scored according to their votes and sponsorship of 14 bills related to church-state issues, including a measure in support of prayer in schools, a bill to amend the Constitution to prevent gay marriage, and a bill to eliminate funding for abstinence-only sex-ed. You can see the full list of bills at the Coalition's Web site.In total, 35 legislators received "A" grades — all Democrats. In fact, no Republican scored higher than a "D," and there were only two of those — Justin Amash of Michigan and Vance McAllister of Louisiana. The remaining Republicans were all given an "F." Louise Slaughter of New York and Rush Holt of New Jersey received 100s, the highest numeric scores, while Doug Malfa of California, Tim Walberg of Michigan and Walter Jones of North Carolina all tied for the lowest score, 5.
These scores are based on legislative votes, not personal beliefs. Hence, the only non-religious person in Congress, Arizona's Kyrsten Sinema, scored just an 85.
Geographically speaking, New England is a hotbed for support of church/state separation, as is much of Maryland and the California and Oregon coasts. Unsurprisingly, representatives from the South and certain heartland districts are the least likely to support church/state separation.
It's worth pointing out that the Secular Coalition is an advocacy organization, and that their scoring carries an explicit value judgment — support for church/state separation is good, while opposition to it is bad. But the scores are a double-edged sword. It's just as easy to imagine a Republican touting her low scores to prove her conservative bona-fides as it is to imagine a Democrat trumpeting his high score. In that sense, these scores are reflective of the religious divides within the country — going back to the Pew survey, Democrats and Independents are nearly twice as likely to ding politicians for too much religious talk (46 percent and 42 percent, respectively) than are Republicans (24 percent).
Overall the findings underscore one of the major demographic differences between the House and the public it represents. Only one member of the House is unaffiliated with any religion, while a full 20 percent of the general public is unaffiliated. In pursuing agendas that seek to bring religious influence to bear in the public policy sphere, representatives are in danger of alienating a large and growing bloc of voters. Chief among them are voters under 30, a full third of whom are not religiously affiliated at all.
This is What We've Learned!
My students need a multimedia projector.
My Students
Technology is the future! Students can utilize different media to learn about a subject as well as to present what they have learned. Hands-on experience is a great way to learn and retain what they have learned. It also is a great way to present their hard work.
I teach the entire 5th grade, which is about 75 students, Science, Social Studies and Reading.
Students are mostly from low income families where technology is not a part of their home life. My students are always asking to use the four computers that are in the classroom to do research. They are eager to use technology, however, limited on the time using technology.
My Project
A multimedia projector will make learning come to life. There are many areas in Science and Social Studies where the Internet can provide valuable information, videos and sound. To be able to project this information to the entire class instead of huddling around a computer screen would be highly beneficial. In addition, students will have a way to present their reports and projects to the entire class via PowerPoint presentations, podcasts, websites and more. The results of using a projector in class are endless.
I strongly feel that a multi media projector will only enhance student learning.
Students get more out of watching a video of for example Ellis Island than looking at a still picture. Students can make PowerPoint presentations on what they have learned and present it to the entire class using the projector. Our school has one projector that is to be shared by the entire school. Having a projector in my class will enable me to enhance instruction on a daily basis.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Amazing new maps show the huge demand for cycle lanes linking the capital's suburbs to the city centre.
Plans for a Strategic Cycling Analysis, requested by Sadiq Khan, details how London's cycling network could grow based on the need for routes leading to the likes of Uxbridge, Upminster and Croydon.
New maps released by Transport for London show 25 routes linking Edgware, Romford and Streatham to the West End are among the top five per cent used by cyclists.
Those most used by bikers would be earmarked for development if proposals to improve cycling infrastructure were to go ahead by 2022.
The maps were published as it emerged cycling in the capital is up by 56 per cent since 2014.
This includes a 54 per cent increase in cycling along the East-West Cycle Superhighway from Parliament Square to Tower Hill, a 32 per cent increase along the entire North-South Cycle Superhighway and a 56 per cent increase in cycling along Quietway 1 from Greenwich and Waterloo since before the routes were established.
Routes connecting King's Cross and Elephant and Castle and Ealing with the West End are among the busiest routes in the centre.
However, the same routes were also found to be the worst for road safety alongside the likes of areas around Oval and Victoria Tube stations.
In total, more than half a million kilometres are ridden by cyclists on the average day within central London, a rise of seven per cent in three years, and across London there are 670,000 trips made – the same number as on the Victoria line, figures show.
Growth in the number of commuters cycling to work showed high demand for development of cycle lanes in east London, particularly around Stratford, Canada Water and the Isle of Dogs.
Connections were prioritised by identifying the capital's current busiest routes alongside those with the biggest growth in homes and employment.
The report says: “This allows better understanding of which connections carry the highest numbers of cyclable trips, and where Londoners have a greater propensity to cycle. Connections with the greatest potential to enable cyclable trips can then be identified.”
Areas were also identified for potential growth following the initial stage of the development.
A route between Heathrow and Hounslow and another linking Ilford with Barking and Stratford were found to be among the top five per cent for development beyond 2022.
The report also called for improvements to be made to cycling and pedestrian routes by reducing traffic emissions and urging Londoners to avoid making short journeys by car.
A case study of Orford Road in Waltham Forest, which has been pedestriansed found that “by managing motorised traffic in the daytime, the dominance of vehicles on Orford Road has been removed and the street has been improved for both cycling and walking.”
Ben Plowden, Director of Surface Strategy and Planning at TfL, said: “This exciting analysis will help to transform cycling in all four corners of our great city, making London greener, healthier and less congested.
“The latest cycling statistics and the data on future cycling demand shows there is no stopping London's rapid cycling growth and we will work closely with the boroughs to help fuel this growth further by fixing the most dangerous junctions and delivering on major cycling improvements.”
Ashok Sinha, CEO of London Cycling Campaign, said: “Cycling is taking off in London and TfL's new figures prove that Londoners flock to high quality cycle lanes and routes where they're built.
“By clearly showing where cycling potential is highest, this new analysis enables the Mayor to implement his promises to triple the extent of protected space for cycling, and make sure every borough can access Liveable Neighbourhood funding in the most effective way possible. Londoners will get a great return on this investment in the form of reduced congestion and pollution, cheaper travel, better public health, and more high quality public
Toyota has unveiled the assembly line for its upcoming fuel cell vehicle (FCV)—the four-door Mirai sedan—which will go on sale in the US later in 2015. The assembly line, located at Toyota's Motomachi plant in Japan, will churn out an increasing number of the futuristic cars over the next few years. The Mirai is notable for being the first mass-produced car that is powered entirely by a fuel cell. Unlike most electric cars, such as the Tesla Model S, fuel cell vehicles are refueled rather than recharged—in the case of the Mirai, Toyota says it takes only five minutes to refuel the car, which then gives you around 300 miles of range.
Way back in 2010, Toyota signed a fairly large deal with Tesla to develop an electric version of the RAV4. Tesla provided both the battery pack and the electric powertrain. Then, in the middle of 2014, Toyota rather dramatically announced that it was giving up on battery-based electric vehicles, deciding instead to focus on hydrogen fuel cell technology.
For now, the Mirai (which literally means "future" in Japanese) is being produced in fairly small quantities—but responding to increased demand, Toyota will boost production to 2,000 cars next year, then 3,000 in 2017. According to Autoblog, Toyota is "prioritizing quality and precision" for the Mirai. The video below, released this week, shows workers at the Motomachi plant assembling the Mirai's fuel cell system and electric powertrain.
With an MSRP of $57,500—more than twice what a Toyota Prius will cost you—the Mirai is certainly not a cheap car... but it's also quite reasonable. The Mirai is powered by a hydrogen fuel cell, which takes hydrogen (stored in carbon fiber tanks), and combines it (with the help of a catalyst) with oxygen to create electricity and water. Obviously, this process is a bit cleaner than the combustion of fossil fuels.
Beyond its low emissions, though, the main advantage that the Mirai has over battery-based electric vehicles is that you can simply drive up to a hydrogen fueling station, pump gas for a few minutes, and then keep on driving. Toyota is currently quoting a range of 300 miles, but that could change. (In case you were wondering, the Mirai is no slouch, either: Toyota is currently quoting 153 hp and 247 lb-ft of torque.)
Fuel cell vehicles, then, could be the perfect bridge between internal combustion vehicles and clean, green electric vehicles. With an FCV, you get low emissions and the convenience of quick refueling. But as the saying goes, anything that seems too good to be true probably is—and fuel cells are no exception. While hydrogen is massively abundant (it's the most common element in the universe!), we're still looking for cheap, green ways of producing large quantities of it. There's also the issue that hydrogen has much lower energy density than gasoline or diesel, which in turn makes it difficult to store and transport (you have to compress it). And then there's the rather distinct lack of hydrogen refueling stations...
None of these problems are insurmountable, however. Toyota already operates a little hydrogen fuel stations in Japan, and the Japanese government says it intends to build around 100 more this year (the Mirai is being released in Japan first). In the US, California wants to have 100 hydrogen fueling stations by 2020, but right now there aren't many of them at all. It will certainly be a while until the complete hydrogen fuel cell chain reaches maturity, but there's no denying that FCVs could offer a compelling alternative to both combustion-engine and battery-powered electric cars.
Shami Witness's former Twitter avatar.
Britain's Channel 4 News reported Thursday that the author of @ShamiWitness, one of the most influential and widely followed pro-ISIS Twitter accounts, is actually not a fighter on the front lines but an executive at an Indian conglomerate in India's technology capital. The account has since been shut down.
He turns out to have been fairly easy to doxx. Shami Witness used to tweet under a different handle, which he had also used to register a Google Plus account. From there, it was a quick step to the Facebook page of a man named Mehdi on which, according to Channel 4, “he regularly shares jokes, funny images and talks about superhero movies, posting pictures of pizza dinners with friends, and Hawaiian parties at work.” The report didn't use Mehdi's full name as he believes his life may be in danger, but it's been reported on Twitter and in the Indian media.
Shami Witness had more than 17,700 followers, including an estimated two-thirds of the foreign fighters on Twitter. As Adam Taylor of the Washington Post notes, he had been sharing information about the war in Syria for years but only began actively defending ISIS at the beginning of this year.
But he did interact frequently with British ISIS fighters and praised them after their deaths. “you bros talked the talk, walked the walk,” he wrote about Iftikhar Jaman, a British ISIS fighter killed in Syria last December. When asked why he didn't travel to Syria himself, Mehdi told Channel 4 “If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here.” In his own case, he was evidently satisfied with just talking the talk.
He also shared the video showing the beheading U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig multiple times.
ISIS has been renowned for its social media prowess, but Mehdi's case suggests that much of the group's propaganda and recruitment campaign may rely not on fighters themselves, but on self-starting keyboard jihadis, far from the battlefield. After Shami Witness's identity was revealed, a number of other pro-ISIS Twitter accounts went dark.
This should also be a cautionary tale for outsiders following the war. The near impossibility of reporting within Syria has forced many journalists and analysts to rely on accounts like Shami Witness for information. These accounts, often anonymous, may not always have the firsthand perspective they claim.
It's also simply a fascinating digital-age story of a man with dual identities. While the mild-mannered executive Mehdi condemned rape on his Facebook page, for instance, his alter-ego on Twitter joked about ISIS captors raping female Kurdish fighters.
The reaction among Shami Witness' longtime Twitter antagonists has been positively gleeful. “So basically the Islamic State was outsourcing to Bangalore. Wait till the Daily Mail hears about this,” tweets the Lebanese architect and satirist Karl Sharro.
As for Mehdi himself, he says he will not resist arrest but fears that police will kill him. “I haven't done anything wrong. I haven't harmed anybody,” he told Channel 4 in a follow-up Friday.
While doxxing and social media manhunts generally make me uncomfortable, it's pretty hard to feel sympathy for someone who cheered the killing of innocent people and urged others to their deaths while hiding behind anonymity for his own safety.
Details are slowly coming out about Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer during his father's presidential campaign in June 2016, including a newly disclosed email from the lawyer to a music publicist who arranged the meeting. (Elyse Samuels,Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
In two tweets this morning, Donald Trump Jr. flatly confirmed that the son, son-in-law and campaign chairman of the president of the United States actively sought information that had been clearly and unequivocally described to him as coming from the Russian government — precisely because he believed it would damage his opponent in the 2016 presidential campaign.
Trump Jr. tweeted out the entire email chain of an exchange between him and publicist Rob Goldstone, who had sought to arrange a meeting for him with a Russian lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, at the behest of one of Goldstone's clients, pop star Emin Agalarov. The exchange had previously been reported to show that Trump Jr. had cause to know that at this meeting, he would be given information about Hillary Clinton, the source for which was somehow the Russian government.
[The Donald Trump Jr. emails could hardly be more incriminating]
The actual email chain confirms this with startling clarity. Trump Jr. apparently released it because the New York Times was preparing to publish the exchange. Here's how The Post describes it:
“Emin just called and asked me to contact you with something very interesting,” publicist Rob Goldstone emailed Trump Jr. in June 2016. “The Crown prosecutor of Russia met with his father Aras this morning and in their meeting offered to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father.” “This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government support for Mr. Trump — helped along by Aras and Emin,” Goldstone wrote. Trump Jr.'s response made his enthusiasm clear: “If it's what you say, I love it especially later in the summer,” he wrote.
As The Post story comments:
The email exchange showed clearly that Trump Jr. understood he was taking the meeting as a way of channeling information directly from the government of a nation hostile to the United States to his father's campaign. It is the most concrete public evidence to date suggesting that top Trump campaign aides were eager for Russia's assistance in the campaign. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russian President Vladi­mir Putin directed a campaign to assist Trump, including the release of hacked emails stolen from Democratic officials.
Some additional points that should not be lost here:
Trump Jr. initially refused to disclose the reason for this meeting. In the first statement he released, when this meeting was first revealed, Trump Jr. only said unrelated matters — a program involving the adoption of Russian children — were discussed. It was only after the Times reported that he had been promised information about Clinton that he volunteered in a second statement that this was why he agreed to the meeting.
Even at that point, Trump Jr. carefully dissembled about what he knew about the Russian lawyer's identity. As I argued yesterday, Trump's second statement was notable because in it, he carefully said he did not know the name of the person with whom he had agreed to meet, without saying whether he understood her general identity or purpose. The newly released email chain shows unequivocally that he understood her general identity and purpose perfectly well. Here's how:
Trump Jr. eagerly accepted proffered help from a foreign government that was trying to help his father win the U.S. presidential election. The email chain shows that Trump Jr. had been told that the Russian government was seeking to help his father win the U.S. presidential election and purportedly had information about Clinton that would help make that happen. Trump Jr. eagerly accepted this offer.
At a minimum, we now know the Trump campaign was willing to collude with the Russia government. Top campaign lawyer Bob Bauer put it this way yesterday, well before these emails became public:
“It does not help their case that you have a very specific operational instance where the campaign decided it was prepared to welcome assistance from a Russian source,” said Bauer, who has previously argued in a series of posts that the law prohibits cooperation with foreign nationals to influence a U.S. election. “You are not permitted to solicit or accept anything of value from a foreign national to influence an election. You cannot enter into a conspiracy with a foreign national to influence an election.”
Today's news shows that it may be substantially worse than this. It isn't just that the Trump campaign was “prepared to welcome assistance from a Russian source.” It was prepared to welcome assistance from the Russian government, after having been told that it was actively trying to swing the election to Trump. Remember, at the meeting were Trump Jr., Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner and Trump's campaign chair at the moment, Paul Manafort.
[Donald Trump Jr.'s emails are far more damning than anyone could have imagined]
Top congressional Republicans were told that Russia was trying to tip the election to Trump and argued against doing something public about it. Criticism of the Obama administration's inaction in the face of Russian meddling in the election is fair game. But let's not forget that during the summer of 2016, top Obama administration officials went to Congress and briefed 12 top congressional officials of both parties about the Russian meddling effort. And this happened:
The meeting devolved into a partisan squabble. “The Dems were, ‘Hey, we have to tell the public,' ” recalled one participant. But Republicans resisted, arguing that to warn the public that the election was under attack would further Russia's aim of sapping confidence in the system. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) went further, officials said, voicing skepticism that the underlying intelligence truly supported the White House's claims. Through a spokeswoman, McConnell declined to comment, citing the secrecy of that meeting. … A week later, McConnell and other congressional leaders issued a cautious statement that encouraged state election officials to ensure their networks were “secure from attack.” The release made no mention of Russia and emphasized that the lawmakers “would oppose any effort by the federal government” to encroach on the states' authorities.
We now know that Republicans refused to join in an effort to alert the public about Russian meddling in the election after the Trump campaign had shown itself to be plainly open to colluding in that effort. To be clear, these top Republicans probably didn't know about this email exchange or the extent to which the Trump camp was open to active collusion.
[New York Times reporter on Donald Trump Jr.'s claim of transparency: ‘Nonsense']
But at a minimum, these top Republicans refused to take the Russian effort to subvert our democracy seriously, even as — we now know — the Republican president's campaign had sought to collude with it. This blog has talked a lot about how congressional Republicans continue to enable Trump's ongoing erosion of our democracy on multiple fronts. Now, in light of Trump Jr.'s emails, their refusal to take the Russian assault seriously enough during the campaign takes on added meaning and demands more scrutiny in a big way.
Fans at this weekend's Jets and Giants games will notice something missing from the end zones: color.
For the first time in MetLife Stadium's seven-year history, the teams will be aiming to reach — or defend — blank end zones, with nothing but nine white, diagonal lines to decorate an area otherwise the same generic green as the rest of the field.
The unprecedented plan is the result of two factors:
The first is because it's the fastest Jets-to-Giants changeover which stadium staff ever has had to pull off, from at 8:25 p.m. Dolphins-Jets game on Saturday to a 1 p.m. Lions-Giants game on Sunday.
The second is the forecast for inclement weather. Had the forecast been better, the end zones would have been changed from Jets to Giants colors and logos, MetLife Stadium CEO Ron VanDeVeen said on Wednesday.
But converting the end zones is the most complex part of changing over the stadium, so all concerned opted for a conservative route.
“It's the same quality as the regular end zones,” said VanDeVeen, who consulted with the teams before making a decision, “but we'll put those in so we can keep the appropriate maintenance this weekend.”
There have been eight previous occasions since the current end zone system was installed in 2013 that MetLife had to be converted from Jets to Giants — or vice versa — from one day to the next, but never in such a short time frame.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
In September 2014, Syracuse and Notre Dame played on a Saturday night followed by a Sunday afternoon Lions-Jets game. But workers were able to get a head start by installing some Jets signage outside the stadium before the college game.
That won't be possible this time. “It's one of those weekends where we're going to earn our money, that's for sure,” said VanDeVeen, who has been working at the Meadowlands for 27 years.
A crew of 73, from laborers to electricians to management, will leap into action after the Jets game ends around 11:30 p.m., changing lights, banners, Rings of Honor, team store merchandise, the wrap on the wall surrounding the field, even artwork in the hallways outside the suites.
In all there are over 1,200 manual elements and more than 7,000 digital elements involved.
Oh, and then there are tasks such as resetting the Dolphins locker room for the Giants postgame news conference and the Jets postgame news conference for the Lions locker room. You get the idea.
At the same time, concession companies will be restocking all night for the next wave of fans, and parking lots will have to be cleaned and readied for the first Giants fans by 8 a.m. Sunday.
Both NBC (for the NFL Network telecast) and Fox will have their production trucks parked on site by Friday.
As for the weather, “Obviously, we're watching the forecast,” VanDeVeen said. “We have meteorologists on call that we talk to and I think they're getting sick of us calling them right now.”
Given all of the above, was VanDeVeen rooting for the NFL to flex the Giants into the Sunday night slot, which was considered a possibility before the Buccaneers and Cowboys got the nod instead?
“That was definitely a discussion,” he said. The staff saw the potential challenge when the schedule came out in the spring and started analyzing the odds the Giants might be flexed. The Giants and Lions cooperated by getting off to good starts, but still, no such luck.
“It's a weird thing, but the guys like this challenge,” VanDeVeen said, recalling frenzied summer changeovers from concerts to football and back. “Now, you throw the weather in and it makes it a little tougher. We'd rather not have to deal with the weather. But that's OK. We love to do this, actually.”
He added, “We'll be here. We have our blowup mattresses and we're ready to go.”
Timothy Kincaid
Those who opposed the repeal of Don't Ask – Don't Tell, the anti-gay military policy, warned that lifting the ban on openly gay servicemembers would result in chaplains having to choose between their denomination and The Homosexual Agenda! They predicted that chaplains would be forced into positions in which the orders of their superiors would contradict the mandates of their faith.
And they were right.
On June 23rd, Tech. Sgt. Erwynn Umali and Will Behrens stood before God and Country and pledged to love each other and trust in each other and in God. Kay Reeb, a Navy chaplain with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, presided. Joyously. And as the ELCA supports same-sex couples, Reeb did so with no conflict whatsoever.
But, as it turns out, Reeb was not the only chaplain present. Air Force Col. Timothy Wagoner, a Southern Baptist, is the presiding chaplain at that chapel, and he was there as well. (Army Times)
“I wouldn't miss it,” Wagoner said at the chapel at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, days later. “I don't feel I'm compromising my beliefs … I'm supporting the community.”
Even though he was not willing to conduct the union, he could be there as a sign of support for all of the service members, including Umali (“a comrade in arms”) and Reeb (“she gave a beautiful ceremony”). The article that quoted Wagoner went on to say that the lifting of the ban was a non-issue.
In fact, there's been no significant exodus — perhaps two or three departures of active-duty chaplains linked to the repeal. Moreover, chaplains or their civilian coordinators from a range of conservative faiths told The Associated Press they knew of virtually no serious problems thus far involving infringement of chaplains' religious freedom or rights of conscience.
It seems that, unlike their civilian counterparts, chaplains are quite willing to respect each other's views and to support their service even if their theology differs.
Well that just wouldn't do. If chaplains are not feeling infringement then they certainly were going to. So the North American Mission Board (the branch of the Southern Baptists that oversees SBC chaplains) called in Col. Wagoner to explain himself. (Baptist Press)
Wagoner assured the SBC that he does not support same-sex marriage or unions. Nor have his theological views changed from the teachings of his denomination. But that just wasn't good enough.
Carver said, “Our expectations are that military chaplains will continue to uphold the Baptist Faith and Message 2000, which makes it crystal-clear that marriage is the uniting of one man and one woman.” After the AP article appeared, Carver said NAMB's chaplaincy office immediately emailed a letter to all its chaplains, reinforcing the Southern Baptist position on same-sex civil unions. A videoconference session for all senior SBC military chaplains also is planned to emphasize NAMB's expectations for ministry to members of the armed forces.
There won't be any of this “getting along with others” crap. We have conflict to uphold. We have discord to sow. We have the infringement of religious liberties to fabricate.
“Our chaplains need the assurance of our prayerful support as they fight the good fight of faith with the uncompromising truthfulness and love of Jesus Christ,” Carver said. “We're going to protect our chaplains and, as they take their stand, they need to remember they're not alone. We are here to love, defend and support them.”
Kinda like they loved, defended and supported Col. Wagoner.
But I'm happy to report that Col. Wagoner has withstood the pressures placed on him by the lifting of Don't Ask – Don't Tell. He faced an infringement on his religious freedom but his faith was strong enough to weather the pressure of the post-DADT military and come out victorious. Col. Wagoner looked religious oppression in the face and fought back. (Christian Post)
Col. Timothy Wagoner, who serves at an Air Force base in New Jersey, left the Southern Baptist Convention and joined the more progressive Cooperative Baptist Fellowship. The long-time chaplain confirmed his switch to The Associated Press on Friday. “I find very little that is more important and nothing that is more exhilarating than providing for the religious freedoms and spiritual care of all service members and their families – and will joyfully continue to do so,” Wagoner, senior chaplain at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, said to AP.
Yes, indeed. The lifting of Don't Ask – Don't Tell certainly has resulted in restrictions on a chaplain's religious freedom. By the Southern Baptist Convention. But happily, he rose above.
Palestinians inspect fire damage at the Yasuf mosque
A mosque in a village in the north of the Israeli-occupied West Bank has been damaged in an arson attack.
Attackers set fire to bookshelves and a large area of carpet in the mosque, and sprayed graffiti in Hebrew on a wall.
Palestinian residents of the village of Yasuf clashed with Israeli soldiers investigating the attack. Eyewitnesses say settlers were responsible.
Attacks on Palestinians by Jewish settlers are increasing. A number of incidents have been captured on video.
One of the slogans sprayed on the wall of the mosque in Yasuf read: "Get ready to pay the price," Israeli public radio reported. Another read: "We will burn you all."
Some hard-line settlers advocate a "price tag" policy under which they attack Palestinians in retaliation for any Israeli government measure they see as threatening Jewish settlements.
The village is located near the Jewish settlement of Tappuah.
In a statement, the Israeli military said it "views the incident gravely" and that security forces were working to locate the perpetrators.
But the local Palestinian governor, Munir Abushi, accused the Israeli security forces of doing too little to protect Palestinians from settler attacks.
A settler organisation in the area denied that settlers were behind the attack.
Meanwhile one rabbi from the south of the West Bank, Mechachem Froman, has offered to help renovate the mosque, saying attacks against holy buildings were against Jewish law.
Israeli human rights groups have accused the police and army of running inadequate investigations into attacks by settlers on Palestinians.
One group reported that nine out of 10 investigations into alleged attacks on Palestinians by settlers ended without anyone being charged.
Settlement curb call
On Wednesday, thousands of Jewish settlers and their supporters staged a rally in Jerusalem in protest at a recently announced curb on settlement building in the West Bank.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a 10-month lull in permits for new settlement homes in the West Bank, not including East Jerusalem.
The order followed US and Palestinian calls for a total freeze in settlement building.
Palestinian officials have refused to rejoin peace talks until a total freeze is imposed.
All Jewish settlements in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, are illegal under international law, though Israel disputes this.
The Chicago Police Department appears to be backing down after a confrontation with its police union over new use of force policies.
A newly released draft of the relevant policy differs from a previous draft released in October in that it removes a requirement for "all other reasonable alternatives [to] have been exhausted" before officers would be permitted to initiate force, according to the Associated Press, which also reports that the Chicago Fraternal Order of Police (FOP) was concerned that the proposed policy was "too restrictive and would endanger officers who need to protect themselves in various situations."
The new draft stipulates, "The requirement that officers apply de-escalation principles does not mean officers must endanger themselves."
Chicagoist reports:
Dean Angelo, president of the police union, told Chicagoist that he supports the use-of-force changes and said they reflect the wishes and concerns of rank-and-file police officers who thought the previous language was potentially dangerous in its vagueness. "It's nice to see it trimmed down and [lose] some of the language we believe was not forwarded by police—[language that was] more about community or politics. And officers will have a little bit more idea about what they should or should not be doing." "I need to make sure our officers go home," Angelo told Chicagoist. "I don't care what the activist says, or what the ACLU says. We know when to display and when to holster, and we're the best at determining those." Angelo said that he believes that previous language reflected external political pressure but declined to say what persons or groups may have been responsible in this specific instance.
Chiacgo's police union is notoriously intransigent when it comes to almost any meaningful reform measures or efforts to increase transparency. The FOP has filed lawsuits to keep police misconduct records from being made public, arguing that its officers would suffer "irreparable injury" and "public humiliation and loss of prestige in their employment" if such information were ever to be made available to the citizens they police. The Chicago FOP has also sued to keep information about the systemic torture and abuse conducted for two decades by officers under the command of now-imprisoned former Chicago PD commander Jon Burge from ever seeing the light of day.
On that front, the union ultimately failed, and the Chicago Police Torture Archive will be fully available online later this year.
April 8, 2013 at 3:00 PM
There are some rankings in which you don't want to be No. 1.
According to a new study, the Seattle area has the largest wage gap between women and men among 50 major metropolitan areas in the U.S. The analysis, conducted by workplace-rights group National Partnership for Women & Families, found that full-time employed women in the Seattle area make just 73 cents for every dollar earned by men. That amounts to a yearly salary discrepancy of $16,346.
Following Seattle as the metro areas with the largest wage gaps are Pittsburgh, Buffalo and Detroit, respectively. A gender wage gap exists in every metro area studied, but the smallest gap measured is in the Los Angeles area, where women's salaries are 92 percent of men's.
Nationally, women earn 77 cents for every dollar earned by men. This gap has been closing since passage of the Equal Pay Act in 1963, but at a slow rate — less than half a cent per year.
The study, which is based on Census Bureau data for median full-time annual salaries, does not attempt to analyze the reasons behind Seattle's large pay gap.
The Seattle wage gap is especially bad news for the 141,900 households in our area that are headed by women; 32,000 of those households are currently living below the poverty line.
According to the study, if the wage gap in the Seattle area were eliminated, each full-time working woman could afford to pay for:
Then-President Barack Obama speaks to the media during a Dec. 16, 2016, news conference at the White House. (Andrew Harnik/AP)
Former president Barack Obama posted a nearly 1,000-word critique of the Senate health-care bill Thursday on Facebook, warning, “This bill will do you harm.”
While Obama has repeatedly defended the Affordable Care Act, which represents perhaps his most significant domestic legislative achievement, Thursday's statement was even more pointed than his previous comments. Calling the GOP leadership's bill “a massive transfer of wealth from middle-class and poor families to the richest people in America,” he called on Americans to push back against congressional Republicans.
“Simply put, if there's a chance you might get sick, get old, or start a family — this bill will do you harm,” the former president wrote. “And small tweaks over the course of the next couple weeks, under the guise of making these bills easier to stomach, cannot change the fundamental meanness at the core of this legislation.”
[Four GOP senators oppose Senate health-care measure in its current form]
While the ACA was passed without Republican support in either the House or Senate, Obama emphasized that many ordinary Republicans had reasons to support the measure: “intensely personal ones” that included a sick relative or concerns about massive medical bills.
A health-care bill released June 22 by the Senate Republican leadership faces opposition from Democrats as well as four GOP senators, making the proposal's fate uncertain. (Alice Li,Jorge Ribas,Libby Casey,Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
“So I still hope that there are enough Republicans in Congress who remember that public service is not about sport or notching a political win, that there's a reason we all chose to serve in the first place, and that hopefully, it's to make people's lives better, not worse,” he wrote.
[A high-stakes confrontation between a current president, and his predecessor]
And Obama called on Americans to lobby their senators, in order to slow down the Republican bill's consideration and pressure GOP lawmakers into negotiating with Democrats on the proposal. Constituents could influence the process, he wrote, “If you're willing to call your members of Congress. If you are willing to visit their offices. If you are willing to speak out, let them and the country know, in very real terms, what this means for you and your family.”
news Victoria's Innovation Minister has described the ABC's treatment of its former technology editor Nick Ross as “appalling” and has expressed a desire to meet with the journalist and take his case directly to the managing director of the broadcaster.
Last week Ross made a number of public statements, including in an extensive question and answer ‘AMA' session on Reddit, claiming that the ABC prevented him from publishing articles critical of the Coalition's controversial National Broadband Network policy.
Ross had served as the broadcaster's editor of its Technology & Games sub-site from 2010 before resigning his position last week. The journalist came under fire from other media outlets and political figures such as then-Shadow Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull in 2013, after he published a number of articles heavily critical of Turnbull's rival NBN policy. He has published little on the subject since.
However, the ABC has denied it gagged Ross, telling BuzzFeed news last week that the journalist had been warned to take the role of a “reporter”, rather than an “advocate” and highlighting the ABC's editorial policies. A spokesperson for the broadcaster added that Ross had been invited to contribute to the ABC's business coverage, including on NBN issues, after the Technology & Games sub-site was scheduled to be shut down, but that Ross had declined.
Over the weekend, Victorian Minister for Small Business, Innovation & Trade in the state's Labor Government Philip Dalidakis publicly expressed his support for Ross and noted that he would take the journalist's case to the highest levels of the ABC.
Well as Vic's #innovation Min I'm keen to meet w/ @NickRossTech & follow up on his behalf. Will write to @mscott formally too @pascalg15 — Philip Dalidakis MP (@philipdalidakis) January 15, 2016
“… his treatment was appalling and at odds with how our ABC should behave, and I think Federal Labor have defended [Nick Ross] before,” wrote Dalidakis in a long series of posts on Twitter. “We are all taxpayers and the ABC is not immune from questions about their ethics just because I'm a state MP.”
Dalidakis has also offered to attempt to intervene with Twitter to attempt to get the ‘blue tick' verification symbol reinstated to Ross's account. It appears the symbol had been lost after Ross changed his Twitter handle following his departure from the ABC.
Dalidakis said he did not doubt that there had been intervention on the issue by Sally Cray, a political staffer who had served the ABC in a public relations role during a portion of the time when Ross's 2013 articles came to public attention. Cray was previously a staffer to Malcolm Turnbull before her stint at the ABC, and returned to work for the Member for Wentworth following the September 2013 Federal Election.
Cray is now a senior advisor to Turnbull in his new role as Prime Minister.
Dalidakis also launched an attack on the controversial Multi-Technology Mix policy which the Coalition has enacted at the NBN company, which saw Labor's near-universal Fibre to the Premises model for the NBN significantly watered down through the application of rival Fibre to the Node and HFC cable technologies.
“From a policy point of view, [Malcolm Turnbull's] NBN MTM is now a scrambled egg and has taken Australian innovation back 20 years,” the Minister wrote on Twitter.
“Stating the obvious and calling Turnbull out about what [Fibre to the Node] can do isn't choosing sides. It's reporting fact. I think you'll find the people extolling FTTN were either making $ or Liberals.”
The Minister described those pushing the MTM version of the NBN as “Luddites”. “There is no favouring one party's policy,” he added. “FTTP is so superior to FTTN it's like comparing a moped to a Ferrari. It appears the ABC were deliberately under-reporting the NBN & LNP policy flaws.”
Dalidakis pointed out that under the NBN company's initial modelling, the NBN project would have made a greater than 7 percent return on its investment for the project. “It made money. Positive Return on Investment. Seriously,” he said. “Turnbull has revised the FTTN cost up twice & lied about the FTTP cost. But Nick wasn't allowed to report that!”
“Turnbull made up the cost. Labor said so at the time. The media didn't report it and Nick wasn't allowed.”
Delimiter recommends readers read the comprehensive Reddit AMA which Ross conducted last week, as well as his Twitter stream, to see the journalists' full view on the situation and his experience at the ABC.
Image credit: Office of Philip Dalidakis
Mother 'drowned her son, aged 3, in the bath to stop his father from winning custody'
Amanda Smith killed her son, Jacob, to prevent a custody change
Smith also faces attempted murder charge for swinging axe at police officer
Father blames court system for allowing 'schizophrenic' Smith unsupervised access to son
A mother with a history of drug abuse drowned her son in the bath to make sure his father didn't win a custody battle over him.
Amanda Smith, 33, killed 3-year-old Jacob, called 911 and then sprung out of a closet swinging an axe at a police officer who arrived at her home in Indianapolis.
The Johnson County Sheriff's Department received two 911 calls shortly after 9 p.m., one from Smith stating that her son was dead and another from Smith's mother, 'advising that her daughter told her that she had done something to her child that could not be undone.'
Scroll down for video
Drowned: Jacob Smith was being fought over by his parents in a custody battle.
Accused: Amanda Smith is believed to have drowned her son
Am anda Smith and Robert Crim were in the middle of a custody battle over their son and a court hearing was set for March 14 to determine whether Jacob would continue to live with his maternal grandmother, as Amanda Smith wanted, o r to live with his father.
Jacob, who would have celebrated his 4th birthday on March 7, had been living with his grandmother, Wanda Smith, since August 2010 after child welfare workers intervened because of the parents' drug problems.
However, late last year Mr Crim indicated he had overcome his drug problems and wanted to gain custody of his son.
Mr Crim, who was no longer in a relationship with Jacob's mother, filed documents seeking to terminate Wanda Smith's guardianship.
Johnson County judge, Mark Loyd, had warned Amanda Smith last Thursday that her say in her son's custody hinged on better cooperation with authorities.
Custody battle: A court hearing was set for March 14, a week after Jacob's 4th birthday, to determine whether Robert Crim would gain custody of his son
Although Wanda Smith had been granted custody of the boy, Amanda Smith was allowed one night a week unsupervised visits.
Crim, who was in a six-year relationship with Amanda Smith, said Smith suffered from schizophrenia and is blaming the court system for his son's death.
He said Smith had become angry in recent months after losing custody of her two other children and because he had filed for custody of Jacob.
"She stated in the letter to the court that she'd do anything to keep him away from me, and the court blindly ignored that," he said. "She told me that she hears voices and sometimes she acted on them," Crim told RTV6.
Crime scene: Amanda Smith drowned her son at her apartment (pictured), had a history of drug problems and had called police 11 times over the previous weekend
Despite Smith's long history of problems, Loyd said, he had never heard anything that would indicate she was prone to anger or violence.
"The child is still in a case in my court," the judge said, "and under those circumstances I feel terribly responsible."
As well as her drug problems, Smith was known to authorities for her frequent calls to 911. She had called 911 more than 200 times over the past few years, including 11 the past weekend, police said.
She now faces a preliminary murder charge and a charge of attempted murder for rushing at a Trafalgar police officer with an axe.
Smith pleaded guilty to felony child neglect in December 2009 after a police officer went to her home and found that she and Crim, 42, Bargersville, had been smoking crack all night while caring for Jacob, then a year old.
Watch video here
David McLaughlin was President and CEO of the National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy and a Conservative chief of staff.
Canadian climate change policy is characterized by inadequacy at the federal level and fragmentation at the provincial level.
Now, two major recent Liberal announcements will exacerbate both these problems.
Story continues below advertisement
First, Ontario premier Kathleen Wynne announced her government would implement a provincial carbon pricing policy. Then, federal Liberal leader Justin Trudeau stated that it was up to provincial governments to implement carbon pricing policy, not the federal government. As prime minister, he would "co-ordinate" provincial actions rather than formulate his own.
The politics of this are plain. Mr. Trudeau has deftly but significantly undercut his own previous declarations on carbon pricing in an attempt to shield himself from Conservative party attacks that he favours a carbon tax. In October, 2013, he stated his support for a national energy strategy with carbon pricing. "Part and parcel of that strategy," he continued, "ought to be a national approach to pipelines and development, within an overall framework that includes a policy that puts a price on carbon pollution."
No longer.
The policy ramifications are also plain. It is the provinces that are filling the federal policy vacuum on climate change with all its attendant economic and environmental consequences. Ontario will join British Columbia, Quebec, and Alberta with some form of carbon pricing policy (likely cap-and-trade) touching an increasingly vast swath of economic activity.
What does this mean for Canada's carbon reduction policy path?
We can tell by measuring against five core criteria for assessing carbon pricing policy success.
First, environmental effectiveness: Do we achieve emission-reduction targets? While Ontario policy details are lacking, its own 2020 reduction target of 15 per cent below 1990 levels is insufficient on its own for Canada to achieve its 2020 target of 17 per cent below 2006 levels. With oil sands growth out of Alberta still the single-biggest contributor to GHG growth, Ontario's actions will be helpful but not determinative in meeting Canada's target.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Second, economic efficiency: How do we get the most emission reductions at the least economic cost? Fragmentation of policy is more inefficient and expensive. Costs imposed on business but not consumers will require more stringent pricing to make up the difference. Differing abatement costs across the federation will raise costs overall. My former organization, the National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy found the extra cost could be as much as 25 per cent higher under a fragmented approach compared to a unified carbon pricing approach across the country.
Third, distributional effects: How equitable is the policy impact socially and economically? With consumers paying little directly of any carbon pricing, save B.C., the national effects remain positive. Hidden costs passed on to consumers will inevitably creep in though as companies seek to shield their carbon exposure or improve margins. The cost of doing business in one province over another will vary even more.
Fourth, political feasibility: Can the policy actually be passed into law? While B.C.'s carbon tax shows this can be done, former Liberal leader Stephane Dion's failed Green Shift shows there are limits that resonate today. Ontario cap-and-trade would likely succeed on this measure with only indirect impacts on its voters.
Fifth, administrative feasibility: What is the overall burden on business and government in implementing, reporting, monitoring, and enforcing policy? Every new policy approach requires new bureaucracy to manage it. That is costly.
Add them up and it becomes clear that provincial fragmentation is the least effective way to reduce emissions.
First movers set the pace in carbon reduction policy. If Ottawa did not realize that before, it is about to find out. Once those policies are in place and consumers and business adapts to them, they become that much harder to change. Think of how unsuccessful attempts to forge a common securities regulator for the country or reducing internal trade barriers have been.
Story continues below advertisement
Conservatives need to reflect on this. It casts the federal government as a 'policy-taker' on climate change. It gives the political initiative to the opposition and provinces. And it hurts Canada's economy.
With United Nations' climate change talks on the calendar in Paris late this year, a premiers' meeting on climate change in Quebec in the spring, and an international Climate of the Americas forum led by Ontario planned for the summer, this election year might be more about climate change than Canadians expect.
They see themselves as progressive housing activists. Critics call them stooges for luxury developers. Meet the new band of millennials who are priced out of cities and shouting: ‘Yes in my back yard'
When a woman stood up and waved a courgette in the air at a City of Berkeley council meeting this summer, complaining that a new housing development would block the sunlight from her zucchini garden, she probably felt confident that the community was on her side. After all, hers was the kind of complaint – small-scale, wholesome, relatable – that has held up housing projects for years in cities around the world.
She didn't expect the wrath of the yimbys.
“You're talking about zucchinis? Really? Because I'm struggling to pay rent,” retorted an indignant Victoria Fierce at that 13 June meeting. Fierce went on to argue that it was precisely the failure to build new housing that is causing rents to climb in San Francisco, to the point that she can barely afford to live anywhere in the Bay Area.
Fierce is a leader of one of a series of new groups that have sprouted up in cities from Seattle to Sydney, Austin to Oxford, lobbying not against development but for it. They say their lives are threatened by housing shortages and skyrocketing rental prices. Calling themselves yimbys, they are standing up to say “Yes, in my back yard” to any kind of new housing development. And courgettes be damned.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Yimby activists helped push through a 24-storey apartment and retail/restaurant development in Oakland this year despite local opposition. Illustration: Solomon Cordwell Buenz
The movement is fuelled by the anger of young adults from the millennial generation, many of whom are now in their late 20s and early 30s. Rather than suffer in silence as they struggle to find affordable places to live, they are heading to planning meetings en masse to argue for more housing – preferably the very kind of dense, urban infill projects that have often generated neighbourhood opposition from nimbys (“not in my back yard”).
The birthplace of the yimby movement, the San Francisco Bay Area, has among the highest rents in America. It added 307,000 jobs between 2010 and 2013, but built fewer than 40,000 new housing units, according to state of California estimates.
“It's clear that this is a housing shortage – and the answer is to build housing,” says Laura Foote Clark, who heads San Francisco-based Yimby Action. “You generate policy by yelling about things.”
Clark and other members of yimby groups consider themselves progressives and environmentalists, but they're not afraid to throw the occasional firebomb into the usual liberal alliances. They frequently take aim at space-hogging, single-family homeowners and confound anti-capitalist groups by daring to take the side of developers, even luxury condo developers. They have started a “sue the suburbs” campaign that targets cities that don't approve big housing projects and have even attempted to take over the board of the local Sierra Club.
Their willingness to lobby for market rate housing in traditionally minority neighbourhoods has seen them called techie gentrifiers and developer stooges. Their penchant for market-based solutions, has seen them called “libertarians” with “trickle-down economics”.
A yimby conference organised in Oakland this summer attracted protests from Gay Shame, a radical queer activist group, with about a dozen protesters stood outside chanting “Queers kill techies” and “It's not your backyard.”
But they don't mind name-calling. Ever since that June meeting, they have adopted the zucchini as the emblem of their rage. In online postings, they pass on zucchini jokes, tips for growing zucchinis in the shade and even shared a picture of a hunter with a rifle on “opening day of zucchini season.”
(((Matthew Lewis))) (@mateosfo) To my YIMBY peeps: Photo du jour - from opening day of zucchini season. Our comrades in arms. @SFyimby @EastBayForward pic.twitter.com/v9yz5W7hUZ
San Francisco resident Sonja Trauss, 35, a former maths teacher, says the housing shortages facing many big western cities are not financial, technical or due to any kind of material shortfalls. “The cause of our current shortage is 100% political,” wrote Trauss in 2015, in an internet post that helped her build an army of followers to speak at public hearings, send letters and drum up support for housing on the internet.
High income people who can't live in this project if it isn't built … will just displace someone somewhere else Sonja Trauss
The idea caught like wildfire. The yimby movement, which Trauss started in 2013 as a letter-writing campaign, has spread around the globe.
In Oakland, local yimby organisers helped win approval for a 24-storey housing tower to be built next to the low-slung MacArthur BART subway station. In Seattle, activists have been instrumental in pushing to the city to “upzone” – or allow higher density building – in neighbourhoods including the University District.
In Vancouver, yimby groups are organising tours to show the most wastefully zoned lots in the city, including a ritzy area where 150 acres houses only about 400 people. In Britain, groups have formed in London, Oxford and Cambridge and are looking at how to change the government process to enable more new housing. In Australia, newly formed yimby groups are looking to change laws to allow people to rent out the loft spaces above their garages or “Fonzie Flats”, as they are known Down Under.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sonja Trauss urges San Francisco's Planning Commission to approve a 75-unit housing project in the historically Hispanic Mission District
In the California state legislature, yimby activists have helped Democrats pass a sweeping new package of legislation designed to spur the creation of affordable housing. In San Francisco, supporters have even formed a yimby political party and signed Trauss up to run for a seat on the city's Board of Supervisors in 2018.
Assembly member David Chiu said that when he was president of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors before being elected to state office in 2014, residents would rarely speak up in favour of any local development projects.
“Often the only voices we would hear would be neighbours who were opposed,” said Chiu, who called on yimby support to get affordable housing measures through the legislature this year. “I think they've provided a counterbalance. They've been changing the conversation on the local level as well as in the state.”
Yimby groups want to reduce the need for cars by building dense, infill housing close to transportation. They want to do away with suburban sprawl. Most of all, they want somewhere to live.
That simple cry for housing can in practice turn out to be anything but straightforward. In the trenches of local politics, each battle for a single development can turn into vicious neighbourhood warfare.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hispanic groups storm San Francisco City Hall to protest the proposed Mission housing project supported by Trauss and the yimbys. Photograph: Kyle Smeallie
Nowhere have these battles been more fiercely fought than in San Francisco's Mission District, a historically low-income, Hispanic neighbourhood, which has been rapidly transforming into an upscale enclave for mostly white, well-heeled tech workers. The huge number of tech jobs created in San Francisco and nearby Silicon Valley has pushed up rents in the Mission to a median of $4,250 a month.
It's a mostly white, mostly young, mostly able-bodied people suggesting that working class people are nimbys Deepa Varma
Due in part to evictions and the lack of affordable housing, the number of Latinos in the area has been dropping sharply. A 2014 study estimated that between 2000 and 2020 more than 10,000 Latinos, or a third of the Mission's Hispanic population, will have disappeared from the area.
Angry protesters have vowed to stem the gentrification by stopping any further development that doesn't include significant amounts of low-income housing.
Yimby groups have jumped right into this debate, arguing that any new housing is better than none at all. On 14 September, Trauss and other yimby activists went to the San Francisco Planning Commission to argue on behalf of a proposed 75-unit development in the Mission that would be mostly market rate. Hispanic activists argued against them.
“Eighty-nine percent of the units that are to be constructed are going to be out of income range of the vast majority of the Latino population living in the Mission District,” argued project opponent Carlos Bocanegra of La Raza Centro Legal, a legal aid group.
But Trauss countered that not building is not the answer to the housing shortage.
Gay Shame (@Evict_Twit_ter) YIMBYs always the most extra, its past time to run them out of the Bay. pic.twitter.com/pVWV9Ip5ik
“The 100 or so higher income people, who are not going to live in this project if it isn't built, are going to live somewhere,” she said. “They will just displace someone somewhere else, because demand doesn't disappear.”
Yimby groups have received funding from founders of several hi-tech companies, including tens of thousands of dollars from Jeremy Stoppelman, a co-founder of Yelp, and the Open Philanthropy Project, which is partly funded by Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz.
Deepa Varma, director of the San Francisco Tenants Union, says it has been frustrating to see a new group come in and portray Latinos fighting for preservation of their neighbourhood as nimbys.
“They've flipped the script. It's a mostly white, mostly young, mostly able-bodied bunch of people suggesting that working class neighbourhoods are being nimbys,” said Varma.
It also riles opponents of gentrification that yimbys often lobby on projects far from their home turf.
“It's helpful to know your community for a while before you decide to change it,” said Andy Blue, an activist with Plaza 16 Coalition, a group trying to preserve the Mission's Latino culture. “The folks in the Mission feel tremendously disrespected by these people telling them what's good for them.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Greg Magofna, who formed his own yimby chapter, in the micro apartment he rents for $1,200. Photograph: Erin McCormick
Generational divide
The net wealth of millennials in the US today is only about half of what of their parents' generation, the boomers, had when they were the same age in 1989, according to Young Invincibles, a research and advocacy group. The typical millennial has accumulated about $29,000 in assets compared to $61,000 amassed by those in the boomer generation by 1989.
“They earn less, carry more college debt and face greater challenges to home ownership,” says Tom Allison, Young Invincibles' deputy director of policy and research. But he says they seem more willing than other generations to stand up and change the world. “This generation is resilient. They are changing things in the face of adversity. That is the silver lining,” Allison adds.
The art of gentrification: city data made beautiful Read more
Greg Magofna, 33, a nonprofit worker who was raised in the leafy East Bay town of Alameda, formed his own East Bay yimby chapter as he struggled to afford to live in his home region. He has been lucky that Berkeley's rent control held down the price of his 300-square-foot micro-apartment to $1,200. But he still can't afford a car and his bikes, refrigerator, kettle and favourite chair compete for space along one crowded wall in his unit.
“There is a generational divide. A lot of the older generation doesn't recognise the world has changed,” he says, adding that it can be confrontational for a yimby to go to a public meeting where opponents might call them gentrifiers or worse.
“The world is changing and there's lots to be angry about,” he says. “The yimbys are saying: ‘We can do something about this.'”
Follow Guardian Cities on Twitter and Facebook to join the discussion, and explore our archive here
Plus, the star opens up about the intense freedom afforded to the film by Netflix.
For his first post-“Suicide Squad” offering, director David Ayer is returning to some familiar stomping grounds — with a twist. The director's wild new Netflix feature “Bright” hues close to Ayer's earlier films about hardened cops and criminals duking it out on the mean streets of Los Angeles, with the addition of orcs, fairies, and elves. For Ayer, it seems that the key has been tapping into his creativity and the tough stuff that made films like “Training Day” and “End of Watch” work, at least that what his leading lady Noomi Rapace thinks, and she couldn't be more excited about the fantastic (literally) doors the new film opened for her.
“It's a complete new universe,” the actress said in a recent interview with IndieWire. “I read the script and I was like, ‘Oh my days, this is…I don't…I've never seen this, I've never dreamt about this.' I grew up in Iceland with elves, we kind of believe in elves and this is like elves and orcs and lizard people and humans working side by side, living together in LA, in modern LA, downtown LA, career town.”
Written by Max Landis, the film is set in an alternate present-day in which humans share their world with various other creatures, including those elves and orcs Rapace mentioned (and lizard people, too, apparently), along with fairies and other seemingly fantastical beings. “Bright” follows a human cop (Will Smith) who is paired up with the force's first orc officer (played by Joel Edgerton), a tenuous relationship that has roots in the real world. (At this year's Comic-Con, the racial allegory aspect was on full display, and Ayer commented, “It's about a fucked-up L.A., but this is a fucked-up world, so I get to explore those issues.”) The pair is forced to work together when a mysterious and powerful relic reappears, one that could threaten the lives of every being in this wild world.
As out-there as this all sounds, Rapace is clear that Ayer's film is very much in line with his features before he got into franchises with his “Suicide Squad,” raw human dramas that don't skimp on the tough stuff. That's the sort of attitude that Ayer apparently brought to “Bright.”
“You can really feel David's [other films] ‘Harsh Times,' ‘Training Day,' and ‘End of Watch,' that kind of rawness and real authentic feeling,” Rapace said. “It's not magical kind of fantastic sci-fi. It's very real, it just happens to be orcs and elves and creatures that are not from our world. I think it can be a complete new wave.”
Matt Kennedy/Netflix
Rapace, no stranger to action films, added that the new film is “very intense” and will feature “a lot of fight scenes.”
But as challenging as that could be for a director, Rapace believes that the unique relationship between Ayer, who has worked on features small and very large, and Netflix has allowed the filmmaker to reach new levels of creative freedom.
“I was very happy because my director was in a space where he could do what he wanted,” Rapace said. “He said that, several times, that it's his baby and he can do whatever he wants. It's fewer people involved and I think, for him as a filmmaker, that gave him certain freedom. His whole energy around him and the atmosphere he created for us actors was a very fun and creative place to be in.”
While the industry continues to debate the merits and possibilities of the streaming versus theatrical debate, Rapace seems to be approaching the conundrum with a very positive attitude. “Bright” is her second Netflix feature to arrive this year, as “What Happened to Monday?” debuted on the streaming platform just last week, another high-concept actioner that will likely benefit from getting in front of plenty of eyeballs.
“It's kind of amazing that people in 190 countries can see my movie at the same time,” she said. “It's a new time, it's a new era, and I think we've got to embrace it. My son is turning 14 and all his friends are like, they watch everything on Netflix.”
Still, she added, “I think it's something we've got to roll with. I love changes, I believe in changes, but I also think we need to protect theatrical releases. Some movies should be seen on a big screen in a theater. But I feel like it's very exciting.”
“Bright” will hit Netflix on December 22.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Bryan Fischer kicked off his radio show today by declaring that “when a nation sacrifices innocent children in abortion or infanticide, that is a sacrifice to demons, it's like food for demons.”
“What I mean by that,” he continued, “is that act of the shedding of innocent blood, the most innocent among us, it empowers satanic forces, it energizes satanic forces, it gives them the legal right to be at work in our culture, it energizes them, it empowers them, it gives them legal ground, it gives them permission to operate. So every time an abortion is performed in the United States of America, a jolt of power is given to Satan and to satanic forces.”
America will never free itself “from demonic oppression,” the American Family Radio host warned, “until we stop the practice of abortion.”
Well now that the semester's over and I'm all graduated from college and stuff (FINALLY!) it's that time of year when I shut myself up in my room and shove my face into a book. So the reading list for the summer has been compiled. I only found 20 books on my shelf that I was desperately curious about reading; i think that that's a rather low number to read in a 4 month period, considering that my friends read that amount in much less time. But there's always more I can add to the list if I finish early (VERY wishful thinking).
Anyway, the list is as follows (in no particular order):
Player Piano, by Kurt Vonnegut
Cat's Cradle, by Kurt Vonnegut
Uncle Tom's Cabin, by Harriet Beecher-Stowe
The Wonder Boys, by Michael Chabon
This Side of Paradise, by F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man and Other Stories, by James Weldon Johnson
Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders, by Neil Gaiman
Tales of Ordinary Madness, by Charles Bukowski
Dune, by Frank Herbert
Jesus' Son, by Dennis Johnson
East of Eden, by John Steinbeck
Other Kinds, by Dylan Nice
The Color Purple, by Alice Walker
Crapalachia, by Scott McClanahan
Invisible Man, by Ralph Ellison
A Lesson Before Dying, by Ernest Gaines
Cathedral, by Raymond Carver
Reasons to Live, by Amy Hempel
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, by Betty Smith
Gulliver's Travels, by Jonathan Swift
So, what do you think? Is this a good start? I'm going to begin right after I finish reading Enders Game … Which one do you think I should start first?
Austin's barbecue scene is stellar, so it makes sense that everyone would want to try those smoked meats, even celebrities, especially during this past Memorial Day weekend. This includes actress and model Emily Ratajkowski, as well as actors, comedians, and friends Nick Kroll and Jason Mantzoukas, who visited two of the city's best barbecue spots, Terry Black's Barbecue and La Barbecue.
Ratajkowski ordered up ribs and a bunch of sides from Terry Black's Barbecue on Barton Springs Road on Memorial Day, Monday, May 29. She shared a photo of herself with a mostly-eaten rib captioned, “When in Texas.” To complete her very Austin day, she followed that with a visit to Barton Springs Pool.
When in Texas A post shared by Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on May 28, 2017 at 3:23pm PDT
Kroll and Mantzoukas hit up La Barbecue while it's still part of the Aztec Food Trailer Park on Sunday, May 28. They ordered the works, which meant brisket, sausage, pulled pork, etc. The duo even got to visit the smokers with general manager Cameron Kalka.
Thx to cam & elliot @la_barbecue for hooking us up! Delish! Jason died after the meal. RIP jason. Any music or fun stuff happening tonight? pic.twitter.com/RukvMyww7W — nick kroll (@nickkroll) May 28, 2017
La Barbecue is going to move just a block away, taking over Quickie Pickie's kitchen on East Cesar Chavez (the market will remain open).
Related The Essential Barbecue Spots in Austin
Car bomb attack targeting police kills 11 people in Istanbul
ISTANBUL (AP) — A car bomb hit a police vehicle in Istanbul during the morning rush hour on Tuesday, killing 11 people and wounding 36, the fourth bombing to hit the city this year.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility, but Turkey has seen a recent increase in violence linked to Kurdish rebels or to the Islamic State group which has found recruits and established cells in the country.
Speaking at the scene of the blast in Beyazit district, Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin said a bomb placed inside a car detonated as a police vehicle passed by. The dead were seven police officers and four civilians. At least three of the wounded were in serious condition.
Turkish security officials and firefighters work at the explosion site after a bus carrying riot police official was struck by a bomb in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. At least five police officers were wounded. The blast occurred at a busy intersection near an Istanbul University building in the city's Beyazit district during the morning rush hour. (DHA via AP) TURKEY OUT
Sahin declined to comment on who may be behind the attack and authorities imposed a news blackout preventing media from reporting details of the probe in Turkey, citing concerns over security and police and forensic efforts to investigate the attack.
Such bans primarily affect the diffusion of graphic images on local television channels. Turkish citizens can access information from other sources via the internet or satellite dishes.
"We urge the government to hold off the news bans which are actually not effective at all," said Ozgur Ogret, the Turkey representative for the Committee to Protect Journalists, calling the bans a violation of press freedom and people's right to be informed.
News bans became commonplace after a 2013 bombing attack in Reyhanli, near the border with Syria, which killed 52 people. Since then, Turkey has witnessed a resurgence of conflict with Kurdish rebels and growing spillover from the war in Syria.
In a sign of escalating conflict both on the Kurdish and IS front, the pace of violence has accelerated and shifted away from border areas to major cities, including Ankara, the capital. Istanbul alone has endured two bombings targeting security forces and two hitting tourism sites in 2016.
These attacks have contributed to a dip in tourism and taken a toll on the economy.
Tuesday's bomb went off in a bustling Istanbul neighborhood just north of the iconic Golden Horn, where the Bosporus Strait meets the Sea of Marmara. The area is home to the offices of provincial authorities, three universities and ancient sites including Roman-era aqueducts.
The police bus was flipped over by the force of the blast, which also damaged nearby buildings, among them a closed hotel where the entrance appeared gutted and windows were blown out. The blast also shattered the stained glass windows of a famous 16th-century Ottoman mosque, Sehzadebasi.
It wrecked several cars and forced the cancellation of some exams at nearby Istanbul University.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan visited some of the wounded at Istanbul's Haseki hospital, where two people were undergoing surgery.
"These (attacks) are being carried out against people whose duty it is to ensure the security of our people. These cannot be pardoned or forgiven. We shall continue our fight against terrorists fearlessly and tirelessly until the end," he told reporters outside the hospital.
Hours after the explosion, police detained four suspects for possible involvement, the state-run Anadolu Agency reported. The private Dogan news agency said the four had hired the car used in the bombing. The reports made no mention of the suspects' possible affiliation.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim promised a full investigation.
"Our security and forensic units will carefully and diligently trace evidence and shed light on those who perpetrated this vile attack," he said.
Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu condemned the attack, which occurred on the second day of the holy Muslim month of Ramadan.
"They are cold-heartedly exploding bombs on a Ramadan day," Cavusoglu said
U.S. Ambassador John Bass condemned the "heinous attack," saying his country continues to "stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Turkey in the fight against terrorism."
The European Union and NATO also expressed solidarity with Turkey, which faces a broad array of security threats.
Rebels of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, have targeted police and military personnel since July, when a fragile peace process between the rebels and the government collapsed. The Turkish military says it has killed 1,000 PKK militants since mid-March in the southeastern towns of Sirnak and Nusaybin.
A PKK offshoot has claimed recent attacks in Turkey as "revenge" for events in the southeast.
The Islamic State group has also been blamed by authorities for a series of deadly bombings in Turkey, which is part of the U.S.-led coalition against IS. The Turkish army has recently upped its shelling of IS targets in Syria in response to cross-border rocket fire from the group.
To date, IS hasn't claimed attacks on Turkish soil but has made threats against the country.
___
Fraser reported from Ankara. Mehmet Guzel in Istanbul also contributed.
Turkish security officials and firefighters work at the explosion site after a bus carrying riot police official was struck by a bomb in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. At least five police officers were wounded. The blast occurred at a busy intersection near an Istanbul University building in the city's Beyazit district during the morning rush hour. (DHA via AP) TURKEY OUT
Turkish security officials and firefighters work at the explosion site after a bus carrying riot police official was struck by a bomb in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. At least five police officers were wounded. The blast occurred at a busy intersection near an Istanbul University building in the city's Beyazit district during the morning rush hour. (DHA via AP) TURKEY OUT
A Turkish medic rushes in to work at the explosion site after a bus carrying riot police official was struck by a bomb in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. At least five police officers were wounded. The blast occurred at a busy intersection near an Istanbul University building in the city's Beyazit district during the morning rush hour. (DHA via AP) TURKEY OUT
Turkish police and ambulances gather at the scene of a blast after an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said.(AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
People are restricted behind police lines at the scene after an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed number of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said.(AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
Turkish police gather at the scene of an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed number of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
Turkish police and emergency workers gather at the scene of an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
A police officer speaks with onlookers near a damaged shop from an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said.(AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
A man removes shards of glass from his damaged storefront caused by an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
Special police arrive at the scene of an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
Turkish police work at the scene of an explosion in Istanbul, Turkey, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
Turkish police work at the scene of an explosion in Istanbul, Turkey, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
Turkish police work at the scene of an explosion in Istanbul, Turkey, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
Turkish police officers work near the scene of a blast after an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A rush-hour car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police killed a number of people and wounded many others Tuesday, Istanbul's governor said. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
Turkish police officers stand near the scene of a blast after an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A rush-hour car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police killed a number of people and wounded many others Tuesday, Istanbul's governor said. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
Turkish police work near the scene of an explosion in Istanbul, Turkey, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
Turkish police forensic officers work near the scene of an explosion in Istanbul, Turkey, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
Turkish police forensic officers work the scene after an explosion in Istanbul, Turkey, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
Turkish police work investigate the scene after an explosion in Istanbul, Turkey, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed numbers of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
A Turkish police officer stands near the scene of a blast after an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed number of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
People stand outside their shops near the scene of a blast after an explosion in Istanbul, Tuesday, June 7, 2016. A car bomb attack targeting a bus carrying riot police during rush hour traffic in Istanbul on Tuesday has killed number of people and wounded dozens others, the city's governor said. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel)
The XX Perform New Songs “On Hold” & “I Dare You” On “SNL”: Watch
That's amazing! The XX on “Saturday Night Live”!? I would have never imagined!
The English indie-rock band was the musical guest on the Kristen Wiig-hosted Episode 7 of Season 42 of the legendary NBC show last night (Nov. 20).
At “SNL”, The XX performed two tracks from their forthcoming third studio album “I See You” (Jan. 13). These were: the lead single “On Hold” and new track “I Dare You”.
European, Latin American and Japanese fans of the band will be able to hear these songs live in concerts when The XX start their new mini world tour in just a few days. Click here for the full dates. And US fans of The XX, worry not. I'm sure American dates will be announced VERY SOON!
Favorite performance?
Following the success of the Helix Game, Liseberg amusement park is launching a new ride app. The app is designed for AeroSpin, this year's headline interactive aeroplane ride. This time around the app will be integrated into the ride itself. A version is also being developed for Apple TV.
The big news this year at Liseberg is an interactive aeroplane ride with levers that allow the rider to spin the plane around on its own axis. Each plane is fitted with a counter that records the number of spins.
“With AeroSpin, the challenge is to spin your plane round as many times as possible – it's an ongoing mission to set new records,” says Katarina Kolb, PR Manager at Liseberg, in charge of developing the app. “Because we can pull data from the attraction, the app enables us to display the results and share them on smartphones. The record so far is 60 spins during one ride. If I had managed that I would want to share it with the whole world!”
The mobile app is also intended to make queuing more fun. There is a flying game with eight courses of increasing difficulty, and you can also have fun dressing up your selfie in a range of pilot gear. Another aim of the app was to reinforce the Victorian theme in Liseberg Gardens, the area where AeroSpin has been installed.
“The Victorian era was a time of elegance and elaborate design, but also reflected the joy of discovery and a sense of offbeat humour. The app aims to capture this spirit. It's like a cross between a swaggering American film on the pioneers of aviation and Monty Python's Flying Circus,” says Andreas Andersen, CEO of Liseberg, describing the imagery.
Liseberg's previous ride app, Helix Game, was a tremendous success and was downloaded a quarter of a million times in just a few months. It also won several prestigious prizes, including a gold in the Epica Awards and a Silver Lion in the Cannes Lions. Liseberg is also adding a new platform for its AeroSpin app, with a special version being developed for Apple TV.
“Sweden has a high level of digital take-up and our guests are quick to adopt new technology. This makes it important for Liseberg to maintain a high development pace on the digital front,” says Markus Ruotsalainen, Manager of Digital Channels at Liseberg.
Andreas Andersen has no concerns that guests will stay at home and enjoy the AeroSpin experience from their sofas instead of visiting the amusement park in real life.
“No, it will never be the same thing! Who wants to sit on the sofa and pretend to fly in Business Class without any turbulence when you can spin around like a tumble dryer IRL?!”
Source: Liseberg Press
A transgender student with District 211 has filed a complaint with the U.S. Office of Civil Rights after the school district denied the student access to the locker room.
Superintendent Daniel Cates said school officials and board of education members worked for months in hopes of finding an acceptable compromise. The district has been sensitive.
"This is the first the Department of Education has ruled on a case of this sort", he said, "and they are the experts, and their determination that this is a violation of federal law should have an impact nationally". He told the Tribune that the district "lists their self-identified gender and preferred name on school records" as well as "play on the sports team of the gender with which they identify and use the bathrooms of that gender". In all instances, transgender students have access to a support team with extensive training in addressing the identity development needs of adolescents. A federal agency for civil rights rejected that proposal.
The district has not identified the transgender student, who has spent several years living as a girl, or which of the district's five high schools that she attends.
The Office of Civil Rights found that the school district's decision to bar the student from the locker room amounted to sex discrimination, the ACLU said.
However, the district will continue barring transgender students from communal locker rooms before and after gym and after-school activities, he wrote in a newsletter to families, in order to "ensure a respectful school environment" and "protect the privacy of all students."
The OCR has taken the position that the District's decision not to allow unrestricted access to the locker room is inadequate and discriminatory.
"I think it's important to remember that the school is forcing our client to use an entirely separate facility - that's painful to her; she doesn't have a choice", Knight said.
The Daily Herald reports that District 211 could lose $6 million a year in federal funding by defying the OCR's directive.
Students in his district are fairly open-minded, Cates said.
There is a controversial battle over a transgender student's use of a school's locker rooms in Palatine Township School District 211.
"Our students are wonderfully accepting people". This matter is not about a single student. The school has responded by declaring that it will continue to discriminate against the student.
Update, Oct. 1: FanSided released a statement Saturday, the day after this story was published, saying it has fired its editor-in-chief. Our original story follows.
If this is the future of sports media, folks, well — good luck!
Welcome to the strange saga of the former porn star and the fake sports columnist.
SEE ALSO: How Lagunitas dodged a drug bust to become a craft beer powerhouse
Last we checked in on former porn star Mia Khalifa, she was putting a college football player on blast for sliding into her DMs. As good ol' Wikipedia tells us, Khalifa is a "social media personality best known for her brief and successful career as a pornographic actress and adult model in 2014–2015."
She's also a sports fan, and now writes a weekly column in which she delivers a handful of takes for the site FanSided. What's FanSided, you ask? It's an online media startup focused on sports, lifestyle and entertainment topics through a network of smaller sites as well as its FanSided.com home page.
Time, Inc. bought the company last year. In a release touting the acquisition, Time, Inc. CEO Joe Ripp said it was "an investment in a modern content strategy" and praised the "entrepreneurial and agile FanSided leadership team."
And this is where our story gets truly weird. No, scratch that — this is where it gets pretty weird.
It gets truly weird a little later. Sit tight and read on ...
Khalifa recently started arguing on Twitter with a fellow FanSided writer named "Burt Gertson." It all started when "Gertson" wrote a post in which he came to terms with sharing webspace with Khalifa. That post mentioned "dick pills," "firing Ping Pong balls out of her crotch" and reference to "a feverish kaleidoscope of sex acts I'd only heard about in drunken passing, from Hindu store clerks eager to kill the wee-morning minutes."
Good times. Anyway, here's a small sampling of the ensuing Twitter discourse between Khalifa and "Gertson," you can find more over at Awful Announcing.
They said if I didn't issue an apology to @miakhalifa, my contract would be immediately terminated. — Burt Gertson (@BurtGertson) September 29, 2016
Apology not accepted, don't lie down so easily, you geriatric fuck https://t.co/NeaY84fCn2 — Mia Khalifa (@miakhalifa) September 29, 2016
Blah blah blah, et cetera. There are more tweets and more insults, but that's the gist. What an odd situation!
So Andrew Bucholtz of Awful Announcing, a site that covers sports media, decided to look into it.
Who is this Gertson character, anyway?
Gertson's FanSided bio features a photo of a shirtless middle-aged man and says he is a "54-year sportswriting veteran" who's "worked for more papers than you have teeth," including the New York Post.
Gertson's bio also claimed experience at publications called The Murder Creek Crier and The Dirt Junction Bugle, but Bucholtz could find no record of either publication online.
Gertson, it sure seemed, was a fake persona, so Bucholtz emailed FanSided editor-in-chief Jim Cavan to learn more.
According to Bucholtz's reporting, Cavan replied that "Burt Gertson is indeed a real person," one who "runs his own account and writes his own columns."
The site, Cavan said, "obviously didn't anticipate Burt's column generating this level of fallout — either internally or in the Twittersphere. However, we've handled the matter internally, and both Burt and Mia are eager to move on."
So Gertson is real? Not exactly.
Awful Announcing published their summary of the alleged Khalifa vs. Gertson beef and Bucholtz's subsequent email interview with Cavan, the FanSided editor-in-chief, insisting Gertson to be real.
Then the New York Post told Bucholtz this: “No one at the Post Sports Department has ever heard of or worked with anyone named Burt Gertson. Appreciate you checking.”
Shortly after that, FanSided admitted in a string of several tweets that Gertson is indeed fake. Here is the chain, which takes a rather pleading tone toward the end.
There seems to be some confusion / anger over @BurtGertson's column. Burt's column has been running for weeks. It is fictional satire. — FanSided (@FanSided) September 30, 2016
This week's column tackled the topic of @miakhalifa coming aboard as a contributor. We thought it would be funny to imagine Burt's reaction. — FanSided (@FanSided) September 30, 2016
When @awfulannouncing asked us questions, we decided to have some fun with them. — FanSided (@FanSided) September 30, 2016
It was honestly meant to be in good fun. If the humor didn't land, that's on us. But it was absolutely meant as humor. — FanSided (@FanSided) September 30, 2016
And yes, Mia was in on the joke. From the start. — FanSided (@FanSided) September 30, 2016
The point of Burt's column is to highlight generational chasms in the sportswriting world. That's where Burt comes in. He has a purpose. — FanSided (@FanSided) September 30, 2016
We understand this was probably very confusing for a lot of people. But it was honestly meant to be theatrical commentary. Honestly. — FanSided (@FanSided) September 30, 2016
There is precedent for a fictional sports columnist working on the web; perhaps Gertson was meant to be a knockoff version of the popular and funny personality known as PFT Commenter.
But fans and readers who pay even the slightest amount of attention are in on the PFT Commenter joke — that's why it's fun. Conversely, FanSided oddly insisted on Gertson being a real person when asked by an actual, inquiring reporter.
But hey, it's a #content jungle out there, folks. Survival requires #innovation, even for Time, Inc. companies. Like we said at the top: Good luck to all involved, ourselves included.
For the second time in five months, New Zealand's south island city of Christchurch was rocked by a major earthquake on Tuesday afternoon local time.
Initial reports from Reuters news agency indicated that there were no reports of casualties, from the magnitude 6.3 temblor.
But the New Zealand Herald is reporting casualties and major damage to downtown buildings, including the Christchurch Cathedral.
In its live blog, the Herald reports phone lines down, water running through the streets, and several buildings with serious damage.
One blog entry says New Zealand's TV3 is reporting the Pyne Gould financial services building has collapsed. Another, unsubstantiated report claims that the cathedral has collapsed.The New Zealand Press Association reported that the TVNZ building in Christchurch had collapsed. And there's an entry that a facade of a building in downtown Christchurch has collapsed onto a bus, injuring passengers. NZTV is reporting at least one fatality.
Christchurch resident Jane Smith who works in the central city told the Herald a work colleague had just returned from helping rescue efforts after a building facade had collapsed on a bus on Colombo St.
"There's people dead. He was pulling them out of a bus."
"Columbo St is completely munted."
"We can't move at the moment because the city's gridlocked."
The quake occurred at 12:51 p.m., during a normal workday in Christchurch, according to the US Geological Survey. The epicenter was relatively shallow –just 3 miles deep – and close, about 6 miles from the country's second largest city, where some 26,000 full-time employees work.
"Obviously this earthquake has taken place at a time where people have been going about their daily business. We're doing everything we can to make sure that people are safe and are evacuating the central city," said New Zealand Prime Minister John Key, about an hour after the quake hit. After an emergency cabinet meeting scheduled for 3 p.m. local time, the prime minister is scheduled to fly to Christchurch.
The city was struck by a force 7.1 quake last September, Reuters reports, which caused serious damage and dented the national economy but caused only minor injuries.
"The quake is significantly smaller than the previous Christchurch earthquake, however it was very shallow and might have been very close to the centre of the city," Civil Defence spokesman Vince Cholewa told the Herald
"We are still getting a picture of what has happened..."
During his testimony, Jeff Session has repeatedly said some variation of “I don't recall” in response to a question.
When Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) brought up one of Sessions's discussions with the Russian ambassador to the United States — meetings Sessions did not disclose to Congress during his confirmation hearing — Sessions said he did not recall whether he raised any concerns about:
Alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election
Similar efforts against American allies
Russian support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
But Sessions did remember something he brought up — concerns about Russian actions in Ukraine.
On that front, Sessions said he vividly recalled discussing the issue with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, because he had met with the Ukrainian ambassador a day before to hear his concerns.
“I raised those with Mr. Kislyak, and he gave, as you might imagine, not one inch,” Sessions said. “I remember pushing back on it, and it was a bit testy on that subject.”
When The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug roars into theaters on Dec. 13, fans of Tolkien's Middle-earth books and Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings movies will revel in its magnificent visual delights, the return of their favorite characters, and a first real glimpse at a most lethal dragon. As if that's not enough to hold your attention, Jackson made his own contribution to the Tolkien universe by introducing a whole new Elven character, Tauriel (Evangeline Lilly) and pairing her with Legolas (Orlando Bloom), the Elven member of the Fellowship of the Ring. “Legolas isn't discussed in The Hobbit, but as far as Tolkien is concerned, he would have been part of that structure within the Woodland Realm,” Jackson told EW last month. “And we needed characters within the Woodland Realm to drive the story.”
Purists may sniff, but co-writer Philippa Boyens calls Tauriel — a fierce, no-nonsense warrior who understands the danger of the growing evil in Middle-earth before her king does –“a breath of fresh air in many ways.” In the exclusive clip below, she sets out to take on 30 orcs single-handledly. Fortunately, another hero isn't far behind.
The Fédération française de la couture, du prêt-à-porter des couturiers et des créateurs de mode (English: French Federation of Fashion and of Ready-to-Wear Couturiers and Fashion Designers) is the governing body for the French fashion industry. The Federation was created in 1973, growing out of an older trade association (which still exists within the Federation), the Chambre syndicale de la haute couture parisienne which was created in 1868. The Federation comprises three separate trade associations:
Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture (English: trade association of high fashion)
(English: trade association of high fashion) Chambre Syndicale de la Mode Masculine (English: trade association of men's (ready-to-wear) fashion )
(English: ) Chambre Syndicale du Prêt-à-Porter des Couturiers et des Créateurs de Mode (English: trade association of (women's) ready-to-wear of couturiers and fashion designers
The Federation also has a fashion school, the École de la chambre syndicale de la couture parisienne (created in 1928).
The Federation has close ties to the Union Nationale Artisanale de la Couture et des Activités Connexes (English: National Couture Craft Industry and Related Activities Union), a trade association of couture dressmakers in other French administrative regions outside of Paris.
The Federation is responsible for setting the dates and location of the French fashion weeks. It also establishes industry standards on quality and on the use of the word "haute couture".
Prêt-à-Porter Member Fashion Houses and Designers [ edit ]
For the Spring 2016 season, the official list of members are:[1]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
This article is based on the webpage of the Federation (see external links).
If you were old enough to vote in 2004, then you probably remember the refrain “I'm moving to Canada!” It was every disenchanted liberal's threat after George W. Bush's reelection. Wags even made a “United States of Canada” map, attaching the Democratic states of the coasts and Upper Midwest to their friendly northern neighbor.
The sentiment was understandable. American liberals have longingly observed for decades that most industrialized nations are consistently ahead of the U.S. in adopting their preferred policies: universal health coverage, guaranteed paid sick leave, public child-care services, gun control, mass transit, and a price on pollution.
Saying we should be more like Europe may sound faintly un-American to some, and can prompt objections that our culture is nothing like that of, say, France or Sweden. But saying we should be more like Canada? Those affable, English-speaking folks right across the border? Like us, they are a nation of immigrants, a former British colony, and when they say “football” they don't mean soccer.
And so Canada has become the American liberal's lodestar. “Why can't we have a rational policy, more like Canada's?” goes the lament, which can be applied to almost any issue. But there is one glaring, and growing, exception: energy and climate change.
The Canadian federal government is just as uninterested in addressing the gathering catastrophe of anthropogenic climate change as our own. And it's incredibly eager to help the process along by mining oil in the tar sands of its Alberta region, an especially dirty and energy-intensive kind of oil exploration. As Foreign Policy reported in July:
Since the Conservative Party won a majority in Parliament in 2011, the federal government has eviscerated conservationists, indigenous nations, European commissioners, and just about anyone opposing unfettered oil production as unpatriotic radicals. It has muzzled climate change scientists, killed funding for environmental science of every stripe, and in a recent pair of unprecedented omnibus bills, systematically dismantled the country's most significant long-cherished environmental laws.
As Grist's John Upton has noted, Canada ranks near the very bottom of the Climate Change Performance Index, below China and Russia and closer to Iran than to the U.S. It withdrew from the Kyoto Protocol. Prime Minister Stephen Harper has even taken the unusual measure of issuing a statement praising the new Australian government‘s intention to repeal its carbon tax.
Meanwhile, Harper's government is waging war on environmental science and advocacy. His environment minister calls the existence of Arctic warming “debatable.” The CBC reports, “In the past few years, the federal government has cut funding to hundreds of renowned research institutes and programs. Ottawa has dismissed more than 2,000 federal scientists and researchers and has drastically cut or ended programs that monitored smoke stack emissions, food inspections, oil spills, water quality and climate change.” Opponents of oil-sands development and pipeline construction are being bullied by xenophobic attacks from the government.
So when it comes to climate and energy, Canada looks not like Western Europe, but more like its bloated, backward neighbor to the south. But why?
Yes, the Harper government is both capital-C and lowercase-C conservative. But Canadian conservatives are usually moderate by U.S. standards. Just because the center-right party is in power doesn't mean that it necessarily must adopt a retrograde climate agenda. Historically, Conservatives in Canada have supported environmental stewardship. “The environment hasn't really been something where you could look back and say our Liberal or center-left prime ministers have been stronger on the environment than our center-right prime ministers,” says Andrew Leach, an energy and environmental economist at the University of Alberta. “Canada's leadership on acid rain was under a Conservative prime minister and a massive Conservative majority in Parliament.”
In fact, the Harper government isn't even necessarily opposed to environmental protection — as long as it doesn't interfere with natural-resource extraction. “When it comes to conservation and traditional legacy environment issues like wetlands, shorelines and national parks, there hasn't been a radical difference at all between this Conservative government and previous governments,” says David McLaughlin, advisor on sustainability at the University of Waterloo, and a former Conservative government official. “They are in many ways traditional Teddy Roosevelt conservationists. Where the distinction has come, it has been on climate change and energy resource extraction.”
Canadian political observers agree that if the government were to attempt a significant shift rightward on many other major issues — privatizing the Canadian national healthcare system, for example — the public outcry would be swift and severe. So why has the Harper government felt emboldened on climate?
It's not because Canadians reject the well-established science of climate change. According to a Canada 2020/Université de Montréal national survey from October 2013, 81 percent of Canadians believe there is “solid evidence” the Earth is warming, as opposed to 61 percent of Americans. Majorities of Canadians also say global warming is caused by human activity and they are concerned about it. On every climate-related question, they are to the left of the U.S. public. And while Canada's government has enthusiastically promoted the Keystone XL pipeline to move oil from the tar sands to the Gulf of Mexico, only 56 percent of Canadians support it, according to the Pew Research Center. That's lower than the 65 percent of Americans who favor Keystone, even though the U.S. government is the one that might block the proposal.
The Canadian government is out of step with its constituents for one main reason: money, and the current prime minister's faith in oil to produce it. The tar sands are located in Alberta, an interior western province north of Montana. As you might expect, this is a more conservative region than the coasts, and it forms Harper's power base. His riding (Canadian for district) is there. Harper and his cronies are believers in the economic power of natural-resource exploitation, and they are especially eager to deliver the goods to his home base.
Get Grist in your inbox Always free, always fresh. The DailyThe BeaconThe Weekly Ask your climate scientist if Grist is right for you. See our privacy policy
Energy exploration has been a fixation of Harper's throughout his career. He switched parties because he opposed the Liberal Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau's energy policy, and he has been promoting drilling ever since. “Our prime minister's dad was an oil executive for the Canadian branch of ExxonMobil,” notes Keith Stewart, an energy analyst at Greenpeace Canada. “His first big speech outside Canada was in the U.K., on how Canada is an emerging ‘energy superpower' and the future is in the tar sands. For him this isn't just one issue among many, it's the core piece of his economic strategy. Oil is our largest single export, the largest recipient of direct foreign investment. It plays a larger economic role than it has in the U.S.” In 2010, energy accounted for 22.5 percent of Canada's merchandise exports.
Until recent years, the difficulty of extracting tar-sands oil made it economically infeasible. It requires about five times as much energy to extract as conventional oil. But because global oil demand has been outstripping supply, resulting in higher oil prices, it is now profitable to process oil from the tar sands. But it is still difficult to get it to market. That's why the Canadian government is trying to build pipelines to both its east and west coasts as well as Keystone XL. “They see themselves as very focused on the economy, and oil and gas as a driver of economic growth, and that strong environmental regulations are an impediment to that growth,” says P.J. Partington, a federal policy analyst at the Pembina Institute, a Canadian environmental advocacy organization.
Under the Copenhagen Accord it signed onto in January 2010, Canada has a target of reducing CO2 emissions by 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020. It is not on pace to achieve that because of rising emissions in the oil sector. “Tar sands extraction is about 8 percent of Canada's total emissions,” says Stewart. “It is the fastest rising source of Canadian emissions and it is projected to double in eight to 10 years. With the tar sands rising so rapidly, there's no way you can get reductions in the rest of the economy to reach the government's own stated targets.”
One difference between Canada and the U.S. on climate change is Canadian self-image. Canada's population is about 35 million people, one-ninth the size of the U.S. It accounts for vastly less CO2 emissions than the U.S., merely by virtue of its lower population. Consequently, Canadians, unlike Americans, can tell themselves that climate change is real, and bad, but beyond their power to stop. “From a Canadian perspective, most folks may believe in climate change, and be concerned about it, but are at a loss as to what they can do as individuals or Canada as one small country,” says McLaughlin. “There's a general sense that it's a problem that Canada can't address it alone. That takes the urgency down a bit.”
Combine that sense of powerlessness with the world's third-largest proven oil reserves, and you get a lot of people thinking there is not too much downside and plenty of upsides to tar-sands development. Of course, there is no reason Canada's economy must depend on despoiling the Earth. Most Canadian electricity comes from hydropower. Canada has wind, sun, and a world-class education system that can foster technology companies, especially if the Canadian government stops cutting back on scientific research.
“For the time being, as is probably the case in most places in the world, there is this lingering perception that there is a conflict between having a strong economy and protecting the environment, and that's something this government has been able to bank on,” says Partington. “They've been able to use that dynamic over the past couple years. Whether they will continue to be an open question.”
Perhaps the most important moment so far in today's Senate Judiciary hearing on guns came when astronaut Mark Kelly directly confronted NRA head Wayne LaPierre over the shooting of his wife, Gabrielle Giffords. Between that exchange and another one involving Senator Dick Durbin, LaPierre's argument was completely unmasked for the sham that it is.
During the hearing, LaPierre repeatedly voiced the talking point that there's no need to expand the background check system because criminals don't cooperate with background checks. Kelly responded:
The Tucson shooter was an admitted drug user. He was rejected from the U.S. Army because of his drug use. He was clearly mentally ill. And when he purchased that gun in November, his plan was to assassinate my wife and commit mass murder at that Safeway in Tucson. He was a criminal. Because of his drug use, and because of what he was planning on doing. But because of these gaps in the mental health system, in this case, those 121,000 records, I admit did not include a record on him. But it could have. And if it did, he would have failed that background check. He would have likely gone to a gun show, or a private seller, and avoided that background check. But if we close that gun show loophole, if we require private sellers to complete a background check, and we get those 121,000 records and others into the systems, we will prevent gun crime. That is an absolute truth. It would have happened in Tucson. My wife would not have been sitting here today if we had stronger background checks.
There are two policy conundrums here. One is this: How do you ensure that people like the Tucson shooter are represented in the national database designed to prevent criminals and the mentally ill from getting guns? There are significant gaps in this database for a variety of reasons, including the failure of states to share info with the feds. Some of Obama's proposals are designed to fix these problems, by encouraging states to share data, reviewing data collection procedures, and so on. The second question is: How do you expand the background check system so it screens more gun sales than it currently does? The Obama proposal would do this by closing the loophole that allows guns to be sold without background checks at gun shows and by private sellers. As Kelly notes, the likelihood is that someone like the Tucson shooter — even if he were denied guns by the currently functional part of the background check system — would then try to get guns via a private seller. Closing the loophole could block that.
There is no evidence for LaPierre's suggestion that background checks don't work. Indeed, as my Post colleague Glenn Kessler has shown, in 2010 alone tens of thousands of people with felony and criminal backgrounds were denied guns by checks. More broadly, over 1.5 million gun sales to people who are prohibited from having guns have been blocked by background checks. There is no way to know what would have been done with those guns had those sales gone through, since that is a counter-factual. But the question for those who oppose background checks remains a simple one: Do you think we would be better off if those sales had gone through, or is it a good thing that those sales were blocked?
And LaPierre's suggestion fails the test of basic logic. If criminals don't cooperate with background checks, and end up getting their guns from private sellers or gun shows, or from gun dealers who get them via such means, that is an argument for expanding the background check system, not an argument against it. Indeed, these loopholes are the very reason that gun crime persists even in areas that have strict gun control. The “gun rights” crowd likes to point to Chicago as an example of such a place. But as Senator Dick Durbin put it during the hearing:
When you take a look at where these guns come from, 25 percent plus are sold in the surrounding towns around the city of Chicago, not in the city. Look over the last 10 or 12 years. Of the 50,000 guns confiscated in crimes, almost one out of 10 crime guns in Chicago came to that city from Mississippi. Why? Because the background checks there, the gun dealers there, are a lot easier than in other places. And they end up selling these guns in volume.
At the hearing, Maryland police chief Jim Johnson, who is also the Chair of the National Law Enforcement Partnership to Prevent Gun Violence, echoed the arguments of Kelly and Durbin almost to the letter, and said the law enforcement officials in his organization agree. So on background checks right now, here's the score: It's the NRA, the gun industry, and leading GOP (and a few red state Dem) officials on one side, and the nation's law enforcement officials and the vast majority of the American public, Republicans, NRA households and gun owners included, on the other.
Elliot Rodger was a misogynist. This cannot really be in doubt about a young man who went out on Friday, armed with three semi-automatic shotguns he had bought legally, to punish all women for rejecting him sexually.
"You girls aren't attracted to me, but I will punish you all for it," he wrote in his manifesto. "I'll take great pleasure in slaughtering all of you. You will finally see that I am in truth the superior one."
That Rodger ended up killing twice as many men (Cheng Yuan Hong, 20, George Chen, 19, Weihan Wang, 20, and Christopher Ross Michaels-Martinez, 20) as women (Katherine Breann Cooper, 22, and Veronika Elizabeth Weiss, 19) on his shooting spree isn't relevant. Misogynists with murderous intent often end up killing men when they set out to kill women (a woman's new partner or a male friend, for example). So, that proves nothing: Rodger was definitely a misogynist.
But is that all he was? Since news of the deaths broke over the weekend, journalists and commentators have argued vociferously about what, precisely, would make a young man from a privileged and, by all accounts, loving family feel such rage against women that he would end up killing six people and himself. Many writers I read and respect enormously have argued that to say Rodger's real problem was mental illness is to dismiss his misogyny – and the misogyny that is endemic in western society. To argue that mental illness lay at the root of Rodger's problem, they write, is almost to excuse him as a lone aberration, as opposed to seeing him for what he was: part of a pattern that is the inevitable effect of a sick society.
I have a lot of sympathy for this point of view. As one of my favourite feminist writers, Erin Gloria Ryan, has pointed out, when a man from the Middle East kills people, the western media immediately ascribes it to terrorism; when a black man kills people, it's put down to cultural thuggery; but when a white man kills people, it is dismissed, she tweeted, as "a freak mental illness ... The fact that the mostly white media scrambles to remove white, privileged men from blame is exactly why we need more diverse newsrooms."
This is all true. But this isn't necessarily an either/or situation. Yes, Rodger was a misogynist. He also very likely had mental difficulties, and to say so doesn't diminish the part a misogynistic culture played in this tragedy. If anything, it emphasises precisely why this culture is so dangerous. Rodger had been in therapy since he was nine years old. Friends of the family have given numerous interviews testifying to his parents' long-term concern for him. His parents stayed in contact with mental-health professionals after Rodger turned 18, but there was little they could do: their son was now an adult, and he hadn't said or done anything that would have merited involuntary mental health treatment. It looks as if, at some point, Rodger found an outlet for his difficulties: misogyny. This is where the culture comes into play.
Rodger was enabled in his misogynistic feelings by a culture that exists to validate the feelings of angry, lonely and sometimes mentally unwell men. Judging from the language Rodger used in his videos, he had been a follower of the pick-up artist (PUA) online community, which teaches men that they can and should trick and bully women into sleeping with them (Tom Cruise's character in Magnolia is an excellent representation of the PUA community). Rodger described himself as "an alpha" and "incel" – "involuntary celibate"; these are terms that come straight from the PUA textbooks.
But Rodger was also a frequent contributor to the PUAhate online community boards, which are for men who find that PUA tricks don't work for them. These men spend their time on the internet railing against women who fail to appreciate their inherent goodness, and argue that women shouldn't be allowed to choose who they have sex with. Indeed, in his manifesto, Rodger wrote: "Women should not have the right to choose who to mate with. That choice should be made for them by civilised men of intelligence."
This misogynistic culture exists, absolutely, and what's so dangerous about it is that it attracts potentially mentally unstable people, including Rodger, and validates their most extreme feelings. To say that mental illness played a part in Rodger's behaviour doesn't dismiss the culture that played a part in it any more than saying eating disorders are a mental illness (which they are) excuses the part played by the sick fetishisation of women's bodies in western culture.
It's also worth pointing out that Rodger didn't just rail against women in his manifesto – he also spewed plenty of racist bile, which is getting far less attention, even though the first people he killed were his two Asian roommates and their Asian friend, whom he had specifically described as "repulsive". (Rodger was half-Asian himself and blamed this for his lack of success with women.)
It is also worth pointing out that even if Rodger had been diagnosed with a serious mental illness he would still have been able to buy a gun, even in California, which has some of the most stringent laws about buying guns in the United States.
Was misogyny the reason a 22-year-old man went on a killing spree? Hell yes. Were other factors at play here, too, such as mental health, a financially straitened mental health system and an American political system cowed by the NRA, leading to too much access to guns? Yes, yes and yes. And to say that doesn't diminish the part played by any of these reasons. In fact, they underline the dangers in one another.
PA
Ambidextrous behaviour by “right-handed” blue whales has surprised scientists studying the huge creatures' feeding habits.
Like many other animals, blue whales display laterality, or “handedness” – generally a bias towards the right. But a study using video cameras attached to the backs of whales has shown how they switch laterality when feeding.
Over a period of six years, the team attached suction “tags” fitted with video cameras, hydrophones and motion sensors to the backs of 63 blue whales off the coast of southern California. The tags were designed to detach after several hours and float to the surface, so they could be recovered and their data downloaded.
Advertisement
Blue whales are famous for their dramatic “lunge feeding” acrobatics close to the ocean surface. As they launch themselves upwards into swarms of the tiny crustaceans, called krill, on which they feed, the whales execute 360 degree barrel rolls. And according to the video evidence, they almost always roll to the left.
This is in marked contrast to the way they normally feed at greater depths, when they execute 90-degree right-handed side rolls.
Eyes on the prize
Rolling to the left while lunge feeding allows the blue whale's dominant right eye to target smaller patches of krill more effectively, suggests US lead researcher Ari Friedlaender, at Oregon State University's Marine Mammal Institute.
“We were completely surprised by these findings, but when considering the means by which the whales attack smaller prey patches, the behaviour really seems to be effective, efficient, and in line with the mechanisms that drive their routine foraging behaviours,” he says. It was the first known example of an animal altering handedness to adjust to the context of a performed task.
Journal reference: Current Biology, DOI: 10.1016/j.cub.2017.10.023
Cult cabaret artist reveals her hopes for a cultural revolution – and that she and husband Neil Gaiman have been granted five-year working visas for Australia
Amanda Palmer has called the past few months in the United States “a total shit show”, but there's one silver lining she's looking forward to in president Trump's America: a renaissance of political art.
Speaking at a press conference during Woodford Folk festival in rural Queensland – where she announced she and husband, the author Neil Gaiman, had just been granted five-year working visas for Australia – the Dresden Doll, solo artist and cult cabaret icon invoked the flourishing of art and culture in Weimar Germany as proof that “frightening political climates make for really good, real, authentic art”.
Cult heroes: Amanda Palmer – a fearless one-woman creative typhoon Read more
“It's been a really scary time in America. I don't know how it's felt over here [in Australia] for the past few months, but it's a total shit show over there. Especially if you're an artist, a woman, a minority, gay – anything but a rich white man – it's really very scary,” she said.
“But being an optimist ... there is this part of me – especially having studied Weimar Germany extensively – I'm like, ‘This is our moment.' Donald Trump is going to make punk rock great again. We're all going to crawl down staircases into basements and speakeasies and make amazing satirically political art.
“If the political climate keeps getting uglier, the art will have to answer. We will have to fight. It's already happening – the artists in my tribes have been like, ‘Alright. This is not good.' We are sharpening our knives for a large buffet.”
Palmer, who is currently in Australia on a stripped-back acoustic tour, also announced that she and Gaiman have just been granted distinguished talent visas by the Australian government, which will allow them to travel freely between the US and Australia for the next five years. The pair will mostly be based in Melbourne.
“We started this [visa application] process long before the spectre of Donald Trump, before his orange head was even a speck on the horizon of our lives,” she said.
“We have a brand-new baby, who's a year old, and I've been looking around at the world, the political climate, the art scenes, my friends, our whole situation, trying to figure out where we should land. And Australia does look pretty tasty.”
Bob Hawke blames decline in quality of politicians on intrusiveness of media Read more
While Palmer has a close relationship with Australia (she has toured here about half a dozen times over the past 10 years, solo and with her band the Dresden Dolls), she said she would be sad to miss the Women's March on Washington, a nationwide day of protest taking place the day after Trump's inauguration.
“I actually feel quite guilty that I'm not going to be in the States on January 20. I feel like I really should be there in Washington with the millions of other women who are going to give the giant finger to the orange man. But I'll do what I can from over here.”
• Woodford Folk festival is on until 1 January 2017
Finally - a real fan art for my favorite gaming franchise! WipEout <3Soundtrack: [link] It is near impossible for me to express my love for this gaming series in one picture.. Especially since the games the biggest strength is the sense of speed and adrenaline :'DBut I had alot of fun making this regardless!WipEout has always been a very underrated and rather unknown gaming franchise. Maybe because they've always been among every PlayStation console release lineup.. Whatever the case might be I really recommend playing any of these games. The newest releases would beandfor the PS3 which are both available on PSN and then we havefor the PlayStation Vita : DBut if you still love your PSP you should check out bothandI remember playing the very first game in the franchise on the very first PlayStation console. It was such a difficult game to be good at but very easy to fall in love with! I mean come on - Who doesn't love hovering racing crafts and pumping electronic music? ;D(and no, I never played F-Zero)
In the year of our lord 1987, Rankin-Bass, the production company behind ThunderCats and SilverHawks, wanted to see if the third time was the charm and launched TigerSharks. Ostensibly, the TigerSharks were essentially the ThunderCats of the Sea. The 22-minute series was part of their Comic Strip block of programming and aired only 26 episodes before cancellation later that year. If anything, the TigerSharks maintained a decent theme song but the concept as a whole was a bit … salty.
Now the TigerSharks garnered their aquatic powers through the use of the “Fish Tank” onboard their submarine/spaceship dubbed the Sarc. Now this team of super-powered fish people traveled to the planet Water-O on a research mission where they ended up as protectors of the gentle Waterians and waged battle against the evil T-Ray and his minions.
With nearly twenty years removed from its last airing, I think we can all agree that TigerSharks is near unwatchable. Aside from a brief cameo in the 2011 ThunderCats reboot, the TigerSharks have been barely a blip on the pop culture radar. Now the one area that they remain popular is in the realm of obsessive toy collectors. LJN Toys produced a toy line of action figures that lasted just one series, but did not see massive distribution at the time due to a lack of interest.
These days any of the TigerSharks action figures will fetch insanely high prices on the secondary market. As someone who sees himself as a rather astute collector, I can honestly say that I've only seen a TigerShark action figure at a handful of toy and antique shows over the years with prices so high that convinced me that owning this particular piece of pop culture history just wasn't worth it.
shadow
FIRENZE - Arrestati dalla squadra mobile di Firenze quattro componenti del commando che il 23 dicembre 2013 mise a segno una rapina lampo - durata 41 secondi - alla gioielleria Fani di via Tornabuoni, la via del lusso di Firenze, agendo con mazze e asce per mandare in frantumi le vetrine e minacciare titolare e clienti. Il bottino del colpo fu di 20 Rolex, valore commerciale 300 mila euro. Altri quattro malviventi sono ricercati dalle polizie europee. Le misure cautelari in carcere sono state disposte dal gip Tommaso Picazio su richiesta del pm Christine Von Borries. Gli arrestati farebbero parte dello stesso gruppo criminale che tentò una rapina in via del Parione nel luglio del 2013 e che mise a segno due colpi in una gioielleria di via della Spiga, a Milano.
Dagli orfanotrofi al commando Farebbero parte di un gruppo paramilitare di oltre 300 uomini che ha colpito in tutta Europa. Ragazzini prelevati dagli orfanotrofi della Romania, e poi addestrati nei boschi della Transilvania per diventare dei perfetti criminali. Imparavano ad accamparsi senza lasciare tracce, a cambiarsi di abiti velocemente, a fuggire senza farsi notare. La «nuova famiglia» come la chiamavano in gergo, si occupava anche dell'assistenza ai parenti in caso di arresto. Una vera e propria accademia militare, il cui capo è stato arrestato nei mesi scorsi in Romania, dove si entrava firmando in contratto, gestita da una commissione in base a un preciso regolamento.
L'addestramento I malviventi che colpirono alla gioielleria Fani si erano accampati in una zona boschiva a Firenze Sud, sotto il viadotto Marco Polo. Si muovevano sempre separati, e facevano molta attenzione a non lasciare tracce. Tra gli insegnamenti imparati durante l'addestramento, anche quello di fare sempre una buca vicino all'accampamento per sotterrare i mozziconi di sigaretta, in modo da non lasciare tracce di Dna. Gli agenti della mobile di Firenze li hanno rintracciati grazie al Dna trovato su alcuni abiti abbandonati dopo il colpo alla gioielleria Fani, e grazie alle informazioni che avevano già raccolto iniziando a indagare sulla tentata rapina di via del Parione. Incrociando questi dati con quelli raccolte dalle altre polizia europee, si è arrivati a smascherare i responsabili. La polizia fiorentina, con le informazioni di cui era in possesso, ha contribuito in modo decisivo anche all'arresto di altri otto rapinatori, fermati dalla polizia inglese a Londra, quando avevano appena svaligiato un centro commerciale di lusso portando via un bottino da 1,2 milioni di sterline
A homeless New Mexico man who was illegally camping in the Albuquerque foothills was fatally shot by police.
New helmet camera video released by the Albuquerque Police Department on Friday shows the moment 38-year-old James Boyd turns his back to officers and then gets shot dead. Despite overwhelming criticism to the shooting, the department says its officers were justified, KRQE reported.
Boyd was shot on Sunday, March 16. Police Chief Gorden Eden said officers approached Boyd, who was sleeping, to speak to him about illegally camping in an open space, according to the Albuquerque Journal.
According to authorities, Boyd began arguing with officers for more than three hours before the fatal shooting. Graphic video released by the department shows cops yelling at Boyd to "get on the ground" moments before he's shot.
"Don't change up the agreement, I'm going to try to walk with you," Boyd says in the video. The suspect then picks up his belongings as if ready to leave. As he starts to head down the hill, an officer can be heard saying "Do it," before Boyd is hit with a flash-bang device.
Visibly disoriented, Boyd drops his bags and appears to take out a knife. That's when two officers, Dominque Perez and Keith Sandy, fire multiple rounds into the man.
Boyd can be seen dropping to the ground, where he lays still. Officers yell at him to drop his knife repeatedly. When the suspect doesn't answer, police fire multiple bean-bag rounds at the man, then release a K-9 officer on him.
Blood can be seen splattered on rocks near Boyd's head. The man was taken to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead a day later.
Officer Sandy, who was involved in the shooting, was fired from the New Mexico State Police in 2007 over accusations of fraud. He was allegedly making money doing private security work while also on the force, KRQE reported.
When Sandy joined the APD, the department said he would be a civilian employee and wouldn't have a gun or badge. Sandy continued rising through the ranks, eventually joining the Repeat Offender Project Team.
Boyd, who police said may have been a paranoid schizophrenic, has a long criminal history. In the past, he allegedly attacked people with knives, box cutters, and his hands, and in 2010 broke a female officer's nose, according to KOAT.
During a news conference, Chief Eden said the shooting was justified because Boyd was a "direct threat" to the three gun-wielding officers. Eden reportedly left the press conference before news stations could ask why officers didn't use stun guns instead of firing their weapons.
Grassroots organization ProgressNow, which focuses on advocacy issues on state and local levels, has condemned the shooting.
“I was a police officer for a decade,” says Patrick Davis, now executive director of ProgressNow New Mexico. “The over-militarized approach to law enforcement is having a very real effect on people's lives here in New Mexico and our leaders who should be taking real action seem to be taking it all in stride.”
Albuquerque's City Council President Ken Sanchez called the video a cause for concern.
The Department Of Justice is already investigating the department over separate matters related to its use of force, according to KRQE.
ProgressNow reports that the DOJ has been reviewing the department since 2012, when the agency's record of shooting 25 suspects -- 17 of which were fatal -- gained national attention.
Albuquerque officers have shot more people than the NYPD, a department serving a city 16-times larger, since 2010, according to ProgressNow.
Fortunately for us, there is an excellent python library for creating and updating PowerPoint files: python-pptx . The API is very well documented so it is pretty easy to use. The only tricky part is understanding the PowerPoint document structure including the various master layouts and elements. Once you understand the basics, it is relatively simple to automate the creation of your own PowerPoint slides. This article will walk through an example of reading in and analyzing some Excel data with pandas, creating tables and building a graph that can be embedded in a PowerPoint file.
Love it or loathe it, PowerPoint is widely used in most business settings. This article will not debate the merits of PowerPoint but will show you how to use python to remove some of the drudgery of PowerPoint by automating the creation of PowerPoint slides using python.
Refer to the input and output files to see what you get.
If you want to try it yourself:
The basic flow of this function is to loop through and create an example of every layout included in the source PowerPoint file. Then on each slide, it will populate the title (if it exists). Finally, it will iterate through all of the placeholders included in the template and show the index of the placeholder as well as the type.
# Do not overwrite the title which is just a special placeholder
# Go through all the placeholders and identify them by index and type
# Not every slide has to have a title
# Loop through them all and see where the various elements are
The output file contains marked up information to make it easier
""" Take the input file and analyze the structure.
I won't explain all the code line by line but you can see analyze_ppt.py on github. Here is the function that does the bulk of the work:
In order to make your life easier with your own templates, I created a simple standalone script that takes a template and marks it up with the various elements.
In this image, we use Layout 1 for a completely different look.
In the image below, you can see that we are using Layout 0 and there is one placeholder on the slide at index 1.
Before diving into some code samples, there are two key components you need to understand: Slide Layouts and Placeholders . In the images below you can see an example of two different layouts as well as the template's placeholders where you can populate your content.
Python-pptx can create blank PowerPoint files but most people are going to prefer working with a predefined template that you can customize with your own content. Python-pptx's API supports this process quite simply as long as you know a few things about your template.
Creating your own PowerPoint
For the dataset and analysis, I will be replicating the analysis in Generating Excel Reports from a Pandas Pivot Table. The article explains the pandas data manipulation in more detail so it will be helpful to make sure you are comfortable with it before going too much deeper into the code.
Let's get things started with the inputs and basic shell of the program:
from __future__ import print_function from pptx import Presentation from pptx.util import Inches import argparse import pandas as pd import numpy as np from datetime import date import matplotlib.pyplot as plt import seaborn as sns # Functions go here if __name__ == "__main__" : args = parse_args () df = pd . read_excel ( args . report . name ) report_data = create_pivot ( df ) create_chart ( df , "report-image.png" ) create_ppt ( args . infile . name , args . outfile . name , report_data , "report-image.png" )
After we create our command line args, we read the source Excel file into a pandas DataFrame. Next, we use that DataFrame as an input to create the Pivot_table summary of the data:
def create_pivot ( df , index_list = [ "Manager" , "Rep" , "Product" ], value_list = [ "Price" , "Quantity" ]): """ Take a DataFrame and create a pivot table Return it as a DataFrame pivot table """ table = pd . pivot_table ( df , index = index_list , values = value_list , aggfunc = [ np . sum , np . mean ], fill_value = 0 ) return table
Consult the Generating Excel Reports from a Pandas Pivot Table if this does not make sense to you.
The next piece of the analysis is creating a simple bar chart of sales performance by account:
def create_chart ( df , filename ): """ Create a simple bar chart saved to the filename based on the dataframe passed to the function """ df [ 'total' ] = df [ 'Quantity' ] * df [ 'Price' ] final_plot = df . groupby ( 'Name' )[ 'total' ] . sum () . order () . plot ( kind = 'barh' ) fig = final_plot . get_figure () # Size is the same as the PowerPoint placeholder fig . set_size_inches ( 6 , 4.5 ) fig . savefig ( filename , bbox_inches = 'tight' , dpi = 600 )
Here is a scaled down version of the image:
We have a chart and a pivot table completed. Now we are going to embed that information into a new PowerPoint file based on a given PowerPoint template file.
Before I go any farther, there are a couple of things to note. You need to know what layout you would like to use as well as where you want to populate your content. In looking at the output of analyze_ppt.py we know that the title slide is layout 0 and that it has a title attribute and a subtitle at placeholder 1.
Here is the start of the function that we use to create our output PowerPoint:
def create_ppt ( input , output , report_data , chart ): """ Take the input PowerPoint file and use it as the template for the output file. """ prs = Presentation ( input ) # Use the output from analyze_ppt to understand which layouts and placeholders # to use # Create a title slide first title_slide_layout = prs . slide_layouts [ 0 ] slide = prs . slides . add_slide ( title_slide_layout ) title = slide . shapes . title subtitle = slide . placeholders [ 1 ] title . text = "Quarterly Report" subtitle . text = "Generated on {:%m- %d -%Y}" . format ( date . today ())
This code creates a new presentation based on our input file, adds a single slide and populates the title and subtitle on the slide. It looks like this:
Pretty cool huh?
The next step is to embed our picture into a slide.
From our previous analysis, we know that the graph slide we want to use is layout index 8, so we create a new slide, add a title then add a picture into placeholder 1. The final step adds a subtitle at placeholder 2.
# Create the summary graph graph_slide_layout = prs . slide_layouts [ 8 ] slide = prs . slides . add_slide ( graph_slide_layout ) title = slide . shapes . title title . text = "Sales by account" placeholder = slide . placeholders [ 1 ] pic = placeholder . insert_picture ( chart ) subtitle = slide . placeholders [ 2 ] subtitle . text = "Results consistent with last quarter"
Here is our masterpiece:
For the final portion of the presentation, we will create a table for each manager with their sales performance.
Here is an image of what we're going to achieve:
Creating tables in PowerPoint is a good news / bad news story. The good news is that there is an API to create one. The bad news is that you can't easily convert a pandas DataFrame to a table using the built-in API. However, we are very fortunate that someone has already done all the hard work for us and created PandasToPowerPoint.
This excellent piece of code takes a DataFrame and converts it to a PowerPoint compatible table. I have taken the liberty of including a portion of it in my script. The original has more functionality that I am not using so I encourage you to check out the repo and use it in your own code.
# Create a slide for each manager for manager in report_data . index . get_level_values ( 0 ) . unique (): slide = prs . slides . add_slide ( prs . slide_layouts [ 2 ]) title = slide . shapes . title title . text = "Report for {}" . format ( manager ) top = Inches ( 1.5 ) left = Inches ( 0.25 ) width = Inches ( 9.25 ) height = Inches ( 5.0 ) # Flatten the pivot table by resetting the index # Create a table on the slide df_to_table ( slide , report_data . xs ( manager , level = 0 ) . reset_index (), left , top , width , height ) prs . save ( output )
The code takes each manager out of the pivot table and builds a simple DataFrame that contains the summary data. Then uses the df_to_table to convert the DataFrame into a PowerPoint compatible table.
If you want to run this on your own, the full code would look something like this:
python create_ppt.py simple-template.pptx sales-funnel.xlsx myreport.pptx
All of the relevant files are available in the github repository.
Six weeks after its debut show, South Korean promotion Battlefield FC has failed to pay the bulk of its fighters, with some now pursuing legal action as a last resort.
The newly-formed promotion held its inaugural show at the Olympic Hall in Seoul on 18 March, with a stellar cast of athletes from Strikeforce veteran Joe Ray, former ONE middleweight champion Igor Svirid, American grappler Jeff Glover and women's Strikeforce champion Sarah Kaufman.
BFC 1: The Great Beginning launched to mixed reviews. Ticket sales were said to be at around 800, despite Battlefield paying high-profile guests Cris “Cyborg” Justino and Benson Henderson to attend. A lack of local talent at the top end of the card was also a detrimental factor to attracting a Korean audience, sources say.
The following day things got worse after Battlefield executives forced fighters to sign new contracts agreeing to have their fight purse transferred electronically within two weeks.
“Battlefield​ MMA owes me ALOT of money. No one got paid, and we're all givin i owe yous,” Jeff Glover said in an Instagram post that was later deleted.
Six weeks on and many are yet to receive payment.
“It's a disaster,” said Stan Kolesnitchenko, founder and chief executive of MMA X-RAY Management, whose three athletes, including main card winner Igor Svirid, Tilek Mashrapov and Zhyrgalbek Emilbekov have all had payment withheld.
“I have tried to give the organisers the benefit of the doubt, but they keep telling me a different story. I'm not asking for something we don't deserve. I'm asking for the money they owe my fighters.”
To make matters worse, Kolesnitchenko told TFN that Igor Svirid's US$10,000 purse was to be used for his wedding, which has now been called off.
“Ten a thousand dollars might not be a lot of money for them, but in Kazakhstan it's a significant amount.
“Igor's life has gone downhill. The wedding is off, his girlfriend's parents have put a big shame on him and the love of his life is never going to be his wife.”
Joe Ray, a MMA veteran of 18 fights, was also promised payment by the end of April, but says that now looks unlikely.
“This is unacceptable and very unprofessional,” he said.
“It's not just that we don't get paid so we move on and forget about it. This is how I make a living. When I sign to fight for a certain amount of money, I plan my finances and life according to what I will be paid.
“I don't earn a salary, if we don't fight we don't get paid,” he said.
TFN reached out to Battlefield executives for comment, including general manager Peter Shin and matchmaker Tommy Yang, but all calls and messages have gone unanswered. TFN understands that 15 of the 24 participants on the card have yet to receive payment – an outstanding amount of around US$100,000.
All Korean fighters are yet to be paid, but have been promised payment by 16 May.
Documents seen by TFN shows Battlefield was planning to hold at least seven fights this year, but payment issues have left a sour taste.
“I would love to fight again, but if they can't get the first show right what can I do,” Joe Ray added.
“Myself, along with most of the other fighters have training expenses, prior obligations, bills and people who depend on them.”
Stan Kolesnitchenko added that anyone under his management would not participate in a future Battlefield event, should there be one.
“I have had fighters competing at ONE Championship and ROAD FC and have never had a bad experience like this,” he said.
“I'm going to let my attorney take over. Battlefield 2 will be in court.”
Now this duck plum sauce certainly takes time and commitment to make, but if your dedicated to making the best duck plum sauce you have ever tasted then you shall not be disappointed.
Make this duck plum sauce 2 weeks in advance, as for optimal results it requires that you store it away in a dark place for this length of time.
Also you do need a handful of ingredients that you most likely do not have, however this recipe will be making you approximately 2 pints of duck plum sauce, so you can use it multiple times.
The ingredients are split into 3 sections:
Ingredients Step 1
450 Grams of halved and pitted plums
450 Grams of halved and pitted apricots
1 Cup of cider vinegar
1 Cup of water
Ingredients Step 2
1 Cup of brown sugar
1 Cup of white sugar
1 Cup of cider vinegar
½ Cup of lemon juice
Ingredients Step 3
2 Sliced garlic cloves
1 Sliced onion
1 Seeded and chopped Serrano (if not available use other hot chilli flakes, a chilli or jalapeno).
¼ Cup of chopped ginger
1 Tablespoon of toasted mustard seeds
4 Teaspoons of salt
1 Cinnamon stick
Start this duck plum sauce by combining all the ingredients labelled above in step 1, and cook over a moderate heat for around 5 minutes. Then reduce the heat and simmer uncovered for 15 more minutes.
Next add all the ingredients that are labelled above in step 2, and boil for 10 minutes.
Then add all the ingredients labelled above in step 3 and simmer for 40-45 minutes.
Finally remove the cinnamon stick from the pot, and puree all the remaining ingredients in a food processor. Then return the contents to the pot and simmer until the mixture has thickened.
Store the duck sauce in sterilized jars, with the cap on loosely and allow cooling. Once cooled tighten the top of the jars and store in a dark place for at least 2 weeks.
Duck plum sauce recipe? Share your thoughts below.
* WhereWhyWhen may receive a small referral fee from retailers featured in our price comparison, and from links elsewhere on the site.
Question: Is it necessary to write with a ‘formula' to craft a great script?
I was extremely fortunate to launch my career by having Ridley Scott hire me to write a screenplay and fly me to London to work with him on developing the story. The first night we went to dinner, one of his producers leaned across the table and asked me, “You go to UCLA, right?” I nodded. I was still in my second year of film school. He shook his head, warning, “If you try to write this script to one of those bullshit film school formulas you've been taught, I'll fire your ass and hire a real writer.”
At first I thought he was joking, or at least I sure hoped he was. Because that was the only way I knew how to write a screenplay, and my greatest fear was they would realize they had made a mistake in hiring me and fly me home–or make me walk.
The script, a sci-fi thriller called Metropolis, never got made. But it turned out to be the best experience of my writing life. The producer took me under his wing and patiently taught me specific tools and techniques needed to organically structure a non-formulaic script.
A few months later my agent invited my wife and me to one of her dinner parties. She was a major agent at ICM and represented such people as Callie Khouri and Milos Forman. The party was full of writers with successful careers and hit movies – the kind of career I so desperately wanted. After dinner and a fair amount of wine, the conversation turned to writing. As I listened, it became increasingly clear these writers weren't using the popular paradigms taught in the books and seminars. In fact, they openly made fun of the writers who do.
Yet a growing and highly profitable industry continues to sell writers on formulas by branding them as universal paradigms or genre guidelines or structural building blocks or the like. They do an incredible marketing job of making it seem like following their particular edicts is necessary for success. It's like the gold rush. Almost none of the prospectors got rich. The real fortune was made by selling items to the prospectors, such as divining rods and maps to supposed gold-rich veins. There's always been a fortune to be had selling things to the dreamers.
And what's heartbreaking is just how many talented and dedicated writers waste valuable years writing script after script with no real chance of success because they've been told that professional writers need to use a certain paradigm, which is patently false. Or that readers look for certain plot points, rejecting scripts that don't have them, when in fact, the exact opposite is true.
I recently had Julia Howden speak to my UCLA class. Julia is one of the industry gatekeepers, having worked as a creative executive for various studios over the past eleven years. She told the group about her first day on the job. Her boss gave her three scripts from the black list, each one commercial, but also fiercely original. He then gave her three scripts written to one of the popular structure books advocating what must happen on pages 1 to 10, 10 to 20, 20 to 30, and so forth. He told her the first three scripts were real screenplays and the other three were bullshit and her job was to never let a bullshit script cross his desk.
She finished her talk by quoting the great Earnest Lehman, who said, there are only three screenwriting commandments you can't break if you want to have a career:
Never confuse the reader.
Never bore the reader.
Never have characters do or say things they really wouldn't do or say in order to advance the plot.
And writing to a formula inherently violates the last two.
Corey Mandell is an award-winning playwright and screenwriter who has written projects for Ridley Scott, Wolfgang Petersen, Harrison Ford, John Travolta, Warner Brothers, Universal, 20th Century Fox, Fox 2000, Fox Family, Working Title, Paramount, Live Planet, Beacon Films, Touchstone, Trilogy, Radiant and Walt Disney Pictures. Corey teaches screenwriting at UCLA and offers private online classes using real time video conferencing. For more information please visit coreymandell.net
Sinclair Lewis once opined that if fascism ever comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross. I was reminded of that comment when a good friend of mine recently wrote a letter to her local newspaper in Augusta Georgia decrying the killing of nearly two thousand Palestinian civilians in Gaza, describing the deaths as part of “the systemic erosion of the rule of law in our nation and across the globe” since 9/11. A devout Christian, she concluded how from her perspective “The world, it seems, has lost its moral compass.”
Unlike many letter writers, my friend has the life experience to back up her opinion, having served twenty-seven years as a United States Army lawyer, retiring as a Lieutenant Colonel. Much of her most recent work has involved the cases of Guantanamo detainees.
It would have been reasonable to assume that my friend's letter would elicit a variety of responses, and one might have expected that there would be at least some agreement that a world in which killing and wars have become the norm is an unwelcome aberration. But it was not so. Out of the more than one hundred comments the vast majority were violently and caustically opposed to the principle that Israel and the United States have not exactly been role models for a peaceful world. Many of the comments were both personally insulting and, frequently, highly offensive. Some of the remarks clearly came from military veterans while others had a Christian context.
Regarding the genesis of the recent conflict in Gaza the good folks of Augusta Georgia saw it this way, frequently using the same expressions, suggesting a common source either in the media or through networking with other like-minded individuals:
“Hamas started using the rockets and tunnels in violation of rules of war long before Israel reacted.”
“…it was Hamas firing thousands of missiles at Israel from Gaza that triggered the Israeli counter attacks.”
“…doesn't mention a single time the illegality of Hamas launching rockets DAILY against Israel, not just in War! This war is a direct result of Hamas' daily attacks on Isreal (sic) l!!!”
“Hamas would gladly kill, without reservation, every living Jewish soul on the planet. That is their goal, after all.”
“Why did Israel move into Gaza? Because they were being attacked with missiles from there.”
“Hamas set up rocket caches, tunnels, command and control HQ, and rocket launching sites in and under schools and hospitals ‘run' by the UN.”
“Israel has been negotiating with terrorist groups that want to destroy them since 1948…Hamas [is] continuing this barbaric, unprovoked assault on Israel…”
Every story of course has a beginning and end. Where one chooses to begin is critical. All of the commenters are wrong because they see a poor beleaguered Israel with missiles raining down without considering what preceded that development. Israel, a regional military superpower, has been occupying Arab land by force of arms since before the foundation of the country in 1948. Even though it has no soldiers permanently stationed in Gaza it occupies the territory by controlling its borders as well as any and all access to it. It periodically attacks “targets” in the strip, killing Palestinian civilians.
The most recent fighting in Gaza was in fact started by Israel, which exploited the pretext of a kidnapping on the West Bank that it knew was not carried out by Hamas to use its armed forces to eliminate that group from power. It made mass arrests and killed some Palestinians on the West Bank before the Gazans responded with a barrage of homemade missiles, a weapon so ineffective that to this date it has only succeeded in killing one Israeli civilian. Israel has destroyed hundreds of homes in Gaza, devastated its infrastructure, and has killed nearly two thousand civilians who had no place to flee to.
And as for the killing of those thousands of Arab civilians including hundreds of children, how do the good Christians of Augusta Georgia explain it, in their own words:
“'Israel has killed 1,800 people, mostly civilians.' And if they must, IN ORDER TO SURVIVE…then they should kill 1,000 times that number…”
“-it's at war. Israel being stronger militarily, could kill all 4.5 million Palestinians (Gaza and West Bank combined), women and children included and would be entirely justified in doing so… Sounds really good to me.”
“Normal people would call that self-defense.”
“As I said, if it's them or us, then send them on their way. I'll leave it to [others] to ruminate over what drove them to extinction.”
“If Israel desired they could turn all of Gaza into a smoking hole in the ground but instead only a small number have been killed…I just saw a video of supposedly dead civilians under white sheets but the camera caught some of them moving around. They were fake dead people!”
“…always mentioning the ‘women and children' being killed, but those who know the TRUTH, know that's on Hamas!! They're using them as shields!!…with Hamas continuing this barbaric unprovoked assault on Israel, then I say Israel should bomb Gaza back into a large trash dump!!! That clears enough for you?”
“War is the ultimate expression of shit happens.”
“Israel efforts have gone far beyond any reasonable [sic] to avoid civilian casualties…”
“Personally I would want my President to carpet bomb a 500 mile radius of Israel.”
“It irritates the mess out of them, that Israel and America would actually defend themselves!”
“If his wife and kids are killed, then that's because he chose to put them there…this letter to the editor is nothing more than an anti-semite hate piece…it goes well beyond free speech.”
“…people like this letter writer are the direct cause of many of the casualties…”
“…we will soon be lost forever because we don't have the GUTS that Israel has.”
“We are blessed with tremendous technology and power; by the true God!!”
“Yes, and it will only get worse until the Anti-Christ arrives on the scene and gains the support of the world promising peace…”
In reality, Israel made only minimal efforts to avoid killing civilians, likewise when it attacked Gaza in 2009, and both the United Nations and many other international bodies maintain that it has committed numerous war crimes. Of course the good people of Augusta Georgia probably consider the UN and international bodies of any kind to be just one step up from Hamas and other “terrorist” groups so they are not worth listening to.
My friend was also subjected to personal abuse, being accused of sitting in her JAG office for 27 years “drinking coffee and eating donuts,” and:
“If you had to [sic] many people like this in the military we would have lost WW2…I hope this woman is no longer in our military.”
“It is sad to see such a person paid by our military.”
“I view the letter writer as the enemy within. She could be the poster child for the hate America crowd.”
“How do these people in up [sic] in our military! Scarry [sic]! Answer: Pretty much the same way Major Nidal Hasan did. We don't vet and screen the way we should.”
“Attitudes like this are the EXACT reason America's power and influence are diminishing.”
“Articles like this almost make me upchuck.”
“…she [should] seek assistance from a mental health professional very soon.”
“Fools like this impede our ability to defend ourselves…”
“She apparently hates this country.”
“This moron has blood all over her hands.”
“…hatred for America and America's God!”
“…the ranting of a easily duped NPR listening, MSNBC watching myrmidon…”
‘Nuff said for the punishment meted out to someone who dared to express an unpopular viewpoint. The vitriol is astonishing, as is the in-your-face ignorance. What distinguishes this sort of thinking from European style fascism? Not much, though it does have a particularly American flavor of evangelical Christianity.
Fascism is generally linked to ultra-right wing politics or attitudes. A fascist is a totalitarian who supports an all-powerful and centralized state that can do no wrong precisely because it is the government. Fascism views political violence, war, and imperialism as a means to achieve national rejuvenation, and it asserts that stronger nations have the right to expand their territory by displacing weaker nations.
There are common themes that generally surface when one speaks of fascist style states. All fascist regimes have an assertive ultra-nationalism that frequently feeds off a sense of victimhood. This need to assert a frequently mythical notion of national power and greatness, often through war or imperial expansion, generally produces a militarization of society as well as a rewriting of history to support the new agenda. Fascist government frequently evolve into police states to suppress dissent and maintain the regime.
Both Israel and the United States are increasingly characterized as police states where authority trumps liberties. They both claim victimhood from terrorism and have used that as an excuse to maintain aggressive foreign policies that emphasize the use of force as a first option. Both spend far more proportionately on “defense” than other developed countries and both are actively engaged in proxy and shooting wars around the world. Israel exploits its alleged victimhood to occupy Palestinian land and kill Arabs while the United States does the same to justify its continued presence in Afghanistan and its threats to use military force against nations like Iran and Syria.
The attitudes expressed by at least some of the residents of Augusta Georgia suggest that they essentially support a “might makes right” and “you do what you have to do” attitude as it applies both to the United States and Israel. That the policies of both Washington and Tel Aviv have frequently created enemies abroad is apparently immaterial and not worthy of consideration, nor is there much receptiveness to a Christian appeal for peace and understanding. If that assessment is correct, it reflects a dangerous hardlining of attitudes held by Americans vis-à-vis the rest of the world. And if these and similar viewpoints predominate in Georgia or elsewhere then it should be a cause for concern as they are based on ignorance and prejudice rather than on any careful assessment of what America's real interests might be. The barbaric willingness of several commenters to incinerate 4.5 million Arabs as “self-defense” should be particularly noted. Is such thinking, sometimes possibly expressed as “American exceptionalism,” both racist and a precursor for other amoral values that might be described as “fascist?” Quite possibly.
Maurice Potvin
2017-05-30 20:22:29 -0400
Mathew K, I don't know how you can rationally make such an incredibly insulting blanket statement, “Oh, right. It's the Rebel. Facts don't matter here”. If you despise us so much, why do you bother to come and post your comments here? I don't frequent websites I don't like. And your claim is patently untrue. All I care about is objective truth. In other words, FACTS ! Admittedly I don't have ALL the facts. Nobody does. I post the facts that I know. If I get them wrong, I actually appreciate it if someone can clearly demonstrate with irrefutable evidence where I'm wrong. That's the only way I can stay on course. Yes, we take a side on the Issues. So do you. I report the cold, hard numbers because I believe knowing the numbers, in other words being informed, one is better able to prepare for that which will inevitably effect all Canadians if we continue on our current course. Could I be wrong? Of course I could. In fact, I hope I am… but I don't think I am. I'm not posting the numbers out of any need to have my ego stroked. I'm posting them to inform the reader. I already looked up the numbers so I don't have to post them for myself.
commented
A federal judge halted the Trump administration's executive order blocking federal funds from going to “sanctuary cities” Tuesday.
In a ruling affecting cities nationwide, US District Judge William Orrick of the Northern District of California sided with the city of San Francisco and Santa Clara County, both of whom had previously objected to federal funds being restricted on the basis of refusing to enforce federal immigration law.
“Federal funding that bears no meaningful relationship to immigration enforcement cannot be threatened merely because a jurisdiction chooses an immigration enforcement strategy of which the president disapproves,” the Obama-appointed district judge wrote.
President Trump's executive order in January claimed its intent was to “enhance public safety in the interior of the United States,” and charged sanctuary jurisdictions with “willfully violating federal law in an attempt to shield aliens from removal from the United States.”
“These jurisdictions have caused immeasurable harm to the American people and to the very fabric of our Republic,” Trump's order stated.
However, Judge Orrick ruled the jurisdictions had sufficiently demonstrated the order could cause “immediate irreparable harm” and that they feared the order would result in “budget uncertainty.”
The jurisdictions, Judge Orrick wrote, showed they are “currently suffering irreparable harm,” and “have a strong interest in avoiding unconstitutional federal enforcement and the significant budget uncertainty that has resulted from the Order's broad and threatening language.”
“The Counties have demonstrated that they are likely to succeed on the merits of their challenge to Section 9(a) of the Executive Order, that they will suffer irreparable harm absent an injunction, and that the balance of harms and public interest weigh in their favor,” the judge stated.
Orrick said the order's “plain language” was too far-reaching as to attempt to include “all federal grants, not merely the three mentioned at the hearing.”
“And if there was doubt about the scope of the order, the president and attorney general have erased it with their public comments,” the judge added. “The President has called it ‘a weapon' to use against jurisdictions that disagree with his preferred policies of immigration enforcement, and his press secretary has reiterated that the President intends to ensure that ‘counties and other institutions that remain sanctuary cities don't get federal government funding in compliance with the executive order.'”
Judge Orrick's ruling “does not block the government from enforcing conditions on federal grants nor does it block the government from creating a definition of sanctuary jurisdictions,” reported CNN.
San Francisco was the site of the high-profile case in 2015 where five-time deported Mexican illegal alien Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez fatally shot 32-year-old resident Kate Steinle.
The death led to the introduction of the “Kate's Law” legislation, which would impose a 5-year mandatory minimum prison sentence “for an alien who re-enters after being excluded, denied admission, deported, or removed.”
Julio Mitchel, 68, would be the first to admit that he is a bit prickly and has not been adept at managing his photographic career. His name is not branded. He doesn't have a blog. There are no camera company sponsorships. And he doesn't have gallery or agency representation.
What Mr. Mitchel does have been thousands of photographs; beautiful, poetic images that are without artifice — like Mr. Mitchel himself. Four long-term projects from the last 20 years are now ready to be shown for the first time. On Friday, Lens will publish Mr. Mitchel's photographs of elderly Jewish residents of the Lower East Side of New York. The project presented here, “South of the Border,” portrays a region with a rich indigenous culture, poverty, corruption and violence.
Violence, however, is not what the work is about, Mr. Mitchel said. “It's about what's underneath, what brings about the conditions, what's inside. I found those things more interesting and more difficult to photograph.”
He was born and raised in Cuba and has worked in Mexico, Guatemala, Ecuador, Nicaragua, Venezuela, Peru and Brazil. “Each culture is totally different and they have different racial mixes,” Mr. Mitchel said. “The only thing in common is the language, and — because of cultural nuances and regional dialects — that's totally different, too.”
Julio Mitchel
A few months after the Cuban revolution, Mr. Mitchel, then 17, went to New York City. Though he had intended to be a lawyer, he didn't enjoy school. He took a series of jobs as a photographic assistant, mostly to fashion photographers. While he was picking up technical skills, he developed the habit of regularly expressing his contempt for the fashion world.
His life changed when he took a photography class with Lisette Model at the New School. In the first class, the students showed their work. Ms. Model's critique reduced Mr. Mitchel to tears. But he returned to class and she later became a friend.
“I will always be grateful for her for wiping the floor with me,” he said. “Many years later, when I became a photography teacher, I was known as being a very tough teacher. I wore it as a badge of honor.”
He photographed in the Middle East and Northern Ireland but found himself somewhat lost — too artsy for newspapers and newsmagazines; too journalistic for art galleries.
Julio Mitchel
Mr. Mitchel received two grants from the National Endowment for the Arts and published two exquisite books that have long been out of print, “Tu Me Amas?” (1991) and “Triptych” (1990). Mostly, he survived by teaching at the School of Visual Arts, Cooper Union and the New School. He was briefly married, has no children and always pursued his personal work. Now he is retired from teaching and trying to organize his unseen photographs of the last 20 years.
The photographer Elaine Mayes once said to me that if you do good work, stay true to your process and vision and live long enough, sooner or later the art world will come around to you and you'll be in fashion.
Mr. Mitchel has resolutely pursued his work with disregard for what others thought. Now he's ready. And waiting.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Hykawy is representing himself. He's arguing the city is violating his charter rights, saying he's essentially performing illegal "forced labour" by being sanctioned for not mowing the boulevard alongside his Dormer Drive home.
"This is not as simple as producing material before the court and asking the court to deal with it," Court of Queen's Bench Justice Don Bryk told him. "This process is more complicated than you may understand."
But Island Lakes resident Richard Hykawy's fight against the city bylaw was indefinitely put off to give him a shot at tackling the complex legal procedure involved in making a court challenge based on Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
He came to court Wednesday ready to challenge the perceived unfairness of city officials forcing him to mow his boulevard on his own dime and on his own time.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 4/9/2013 (2000 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 4/9/2013 (2000 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
He came to court Wednesday ready to challenge the perceived unfairness of city officials forcing him to mow his boulevard on his own dime and on his own time.
But Island Lakes resident Richard Hykawy's fight against the city bylaw was indefinitely put off to give him a shot at tackling the complex legal procedure involved in making a court challenge based on Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
"This is not as simple as producing material before the court and asking the court to deal with it," Court of Queen's Bench Justice Don Bryk told him. "This process is more complicated than you may understand."
'I say this is far worse than slavery' — Richard Hykawy, referring to mowing a boulevard
Hykawy is representing himself. He's arguing the city is violating his charter rights, saying he's essentially performing illegal "forced labour" by being sanctioned for not mowing the boulevard alongside his Dormer Drive home.
The charter expressly forbids forced labour, he maintains.
After repeatedly fining Hykawy and tacking the fines onto his property-tax bill, the city finally took him to bylaw court.
His challenge of the bylaw breach has set in motion what could be a much longer legal battle for Hykawy than he first envisioned.
In June, the prosecution of the bylaw infraction was put over to allow Hykawy to make the necessary arrangements for a charter challenge. A key condition is informing the federal and provincial governments of his intention, which by Wednesday he had not done. He said he wasn't aware of the requirement.
WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Richard Hykawy says the boulevard bylaw violates his charter rights.
Bryk noted this, and also said his documents supporting the application were insufficient. "I would suggest that you redo it," Bryk told him.
Bryk warned Hykawy he could be liable for paying the governments' legal bills if he loses.
After court, Hykawy told reporters he was committed to seeing the case through.
The city has no legal arrangement with him to perform free work on the city's behalf, he said.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
"I say this is far worse than slavery," he said. "What makes this far worse than slavery is back in the day, slaves were kept. They were clothed, maybe not well; they were fed, maybe not well. But they were provided equipment and given what they needed to provide the work," Hykawy said.
"In the case of the city, we're not clothed, we're not fed, we don't have paid living, and the city isn't offering any tools or utensils or fuel to mow the boulevard, so this is actually worse than slavery," Hykawy said.
Asked if he was serious about equating the abuses of the slave trade and mowing a patch of lawn, Hykawy stood his ground.
"I would say that it equates worse, because I'm not, in fact, being given any provisions for food, for places to sleep or clothes, any utensils to work the land that's not owned by me.
"Yeah, I would say it's not on the grandiose scale of picking cotton for a sharecropper, but the land is not mine."
james.turner@freepress.mb.ca
By David Beers
Published February 15, 2010 04:01 pm |
An article appearing in today's issue of 24 Hours Vancouver garbled what I had to say about social media and protesters, giving the impression that I had knowledge the Media Coop is acting as a command and control centre for anarchist protests. In fact, I have no such knowledge and did not say I did.
The mistake happened during editing, people at 24 Hours say. The result is this mistaken paraphrase of my views:
"David Beers, editor of the TheTyee.ca, said contributors to vancouver.mediacoop.ca have set up something similar to satellite-based communication system used by military."
Actually, I was speaking in general about social media – texting and twitter and other means of sharing digital information via the Net – and the power it gives anyone wanting to organize a protest. But that was well after the reporter and I had finished discussing the Media Coop.
Earlier in the interview I was asked what I knew about the Media Coop and I answered that I knew very little, but saw it as a place where journalistic practices were employed with the aim of advancing social causes.
I would not want to give the impression that the Media Coop people are helping to orchestrate protests. I don't have any reason to believe that.
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt's new prime minister said on Sunday the country was being governed in the same way it was under the ousted president — remarks likely to infuriate protesters keen to dismantle Hosni Mubarak's ruling system.
Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafik speaks during a news conference in Cairo February 13, 2011. Egypt's new military rulers said on Sunday they had dissolved parliament, suspended the constitution and would govern only for six months or until elections took place, following the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Apparently seeking to reassure Egyptians that everything was under control, Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq said government affairs were being presented to the Higher Military Council, “as they were presented to the president of the republic”.
“There is no change in the form, method or process of work. Matters are completely stable,” he told a news conference.
Shafiq was appointed by Mubarak after he sacked his former cabinet on Jan. 29 in a vain effort to quell an uprising against his rule.
Mubarak stepped down on Friday, handing power to the Higher Military Council, headed by Defence Minister and armed forces commander Mohamed Hussein Tantawi. The council said on Saturday Shafiq's government would stay on until a new one was formed.
“All matters are presented to the higher council, and the president of the higher council, as they were presented to the president of the republic,” Shafiq said, signalling no alteration yet to the system of rule protesters want to change.
Shafiq said he believed Mubarak was in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, and that the cabinet had not made any request to freeze the deposed president's assets abroad. The cabinet spokesman added that “if there is a need, they will do it”.
Shafiq said the military would decide the role of Omar Suleiman, who was appointed vice president by Mubarak last month. Suleiman's position has been in doubt since Mubarak resigned on Friday, handing power to the armed forces.
ECONOMY
Finance Minister Samir Radwan told the same conference he expected economic growth to slow to 3.5 to 4 percent in the 2010/11 financial year. Before the upheaval, officials had forecast about 6 percent growth.
Egypt's economy is “solid and cohesive”, Shafiq said. “We have enough reserves in the coming period and our situation is comforting, very comforting.”
He added that he did not expect Egypt's nuclear power plant projects to be affected despite political turmoil. The country has said it aims to build four nuclear plants by 2025.
But if instability continues, he added, “some obstacles may occur and there may be some delay,” without giving details.
He also pledged to fight corruption, another grievance that fuelled the uprising. “I guarantee that this (cabinet) will return rights to the people and fight corruption,” he said.
A powerful earthquake has struck Guatemala close to the capital city, but residents said they barely felt the tremor and authorities had no immediate reports of damages or deaths.
The epicentre of Monday's 6.2-magnitude earthquake, initially reported as a magnitude-5.8, was located 10km southeast of Guatemala City and had a depth of 200km, lessening its effect.
David de Leon, a spokesman for Guatemala's emergency agency, CONRED, said he had no reports of damage or victims.
Mario Cruz, a spokesman for firefighters, said: "So far we have received no reports of damage and we're monitoring nationwide."
A magnitude-6.2 quake is capable of causing severe damage.
In November 2012, more than 50 people were killed in a 7.5-magnitude quake in Guatemala in San Marcos state, a mountainous region near the Mexican border.
In 1976, a magnitude-7.5 quake centered about 159km northeast of Guatemala City killed some 23,000 people.
Instead, they were "shocked" to be told to take the 65 asylum seekers back on two small wooden boats, Jasmine and Kanak. Captain Yohanis Humiang (left) looks on as head of the people smuggling division of Nusa Tenggara Timur, Ibrahim, Rote police chief Hidayat and East Nusa Tenggara Timur police chief General Endang Sunjaya count money in June. Mr Yohanis said the boats were unseaworthy, had limited fuel, no toilets and no navigational system other than a GPS, which was "of no help because it won't tell reef conditions". The interview took place under oath on Rote island on Wednesday. Mr Yohanis also claimed the Australian authorities "didn't care" when one of the wooden boats, Jasmine, ran out of fuel on the way back to Indonesia.
"Panic ensued among the passengers onboard, it was like in an emergency situation, they were going to kill each other," Mr Yohanis said. "At the time I was scared: What to do?" Police officers displaying six stacks of $US100 bills during a press conference by Nusa Tenggara Timur police chief Endang Sunjaya at Rote police station in June. General Endang asked Mr Yohanis if the Australian Navy and customs ships were still there when Jasmine's engine stopped. "They were in the back, they already said: 'OK you just head [to Rote Island]," Mr Yohanis said. Head of the people smuggling division of Nusa Tenggara Timur, Ibrahim, left, Captain Yohanis Humiang, in blue shirt in centre, and Nusa Tenggara Timur police chief General Endang Sunjaya on right.
"So they ignored you?" General Endang asked. "Yes, after we were let go, they don't care any more," Mr Yohanis said. Mr Yohanis said he was offered 150 million rupiah ($AUD15,000) by a people smuggling agent to take 65 asylum seekers from Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Myanmar to New Zealand. The Navy warship HMAS Wollongong and an Australian Customs ship intercepted the asylum seeker boat, the Andika, on about May 19. Mr Yohanis told the Australian official, Agus, they had no right to stop the boat, which had just passed Timor Leste, because it was still in international waters.
"I said: 'Sir, our situation, we are trying to earn a living, as crew, we have nothing. If you take us, we don't have any money," Mr Yohanis said. "At the time he [Agus] looked stumped, he said: 'We will save you from the [bad] weather.' But I said: 'We can still make it', because our journey would've taken us past Papua New Guinea borders." He said Agus – whose "face shows he's Australian mixed with Indonesian" – interrogated him on board an Australian customs ship with the captain, after an identity check and full body search. "We were interrogated: Who recruited us? Who was the agent?" Mr Yohanis said. Mr Yohanis said the Australian officials promised to return the crew by plane, something he was inclined to acquiesce to after 15 tiring days at sea.
He told Agus he had no option if the Australian authorities insisted on taking them but they had no right to do so because the boat was on international waters. "With that, I begged him: 'Sir, we are trying to earn a living, what can you help us with?' I also said: 'We need money to return to our wife and kids.' Agus said: 'OK, we will help.' I was going to be given $US6000, the crew $US5000." After Mr Yohanis agreed to the deal, the Australian ships escorted the Andika to Greenhill Island in the Northern Territory. On arrival, all the asylum seekers had their photos taken and identities recorded. "Agus then came from the navy ship and told us, to our surprise, that we have to go back by boat to Indonesia," Mr Yohanis said. "We were very scared, some of the crew said they can't do it, and I said I can't work alone, I can't do it, we can't do it. But he said there's no other option, you have to go back. Mentally we were so helpless, we can't do anything else."
Mr Yohanis said the crew were paid and then the Andika was escorted to Pulau Pasir (Sand Island), the Indonesian name for Ashmore Reef. They then spent a night on board the customs ship. "It's like we were in jail. We can't go out, at all. In the morning, suddenly, unknowingly, we were told that we will be returning with the two wooden boats, Jasmine and Kanak." When the Jasmine ran out of fuel, all 65 asylum seekers and six crew members transferred to the Kanak. The Kanak was stranded on a reef off Landu island, West Rote, on May 31, and the asylum seekers were rescued and sheltered by villagers.
Back in 2013, we announced that XNA 4.0 would be the last release of the XNA framework. We thank all of you who used XNA in your games, and we're humbled by the number of you who want an XNA 5.0! However, XNA 5.0 is not something we'll be developing.
We know that many of you want to use cross-platform engines to build your games and deploy them in all the places that gamers care about – Xbox, Windows, Sony PlayStation, Nintendo Wii, iOS, Android and more. Now, there is an amazing ecosystem of game frameworks and engines that support building games on Windows and across all platforms.
If you are looking to port your existing XNA game to Windows 10 UWP, please explore the MonoGame framework, which is an open-source, cross-platform implementation of XNA, supporting Windows 10 UWP and a variety of other platforms. If you are looking to build a cross-platform game using C#, .NET and Visual Studio, you can explore Unity, a powerful 3D and 2D game creation tool and ecosystem. Unreal Engine 4 and Cocos2d are also great options for building cross-platforms games using Visual Studio.
In addition, if your game was built with XNA and previously worked on Windows or Windows Phone, it will continue to work.
http://www.monogame.net/downloads/
http://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/universal-windows-10-apps.html
https://www.unrealengine.com/
http://www.cocos2d-x.org/
University of Tasmania psychologist Dr Nenagh Kemp and honours student Catherine Bushnell conducted a study of about 90 children aged 10 to 12 from three middle-class primary schools. The researchers looked at whether taking such linguistic shortcuts was affecting the students' literacy skills. The results, recently published in the US Journal of Computer Assisted Learning, were surprising. They showed the use of textisms is driving the development of literacy skills and could be improving language and literacy learning. ''These findings provide important evidence against popular media claims that the use of textese is harming children's traditional literacy skills,'' Dr Kemp says. ''I feel uncomfortable saying that because I don't think it should be true but I keep finding that and so do other people … but I wouldn't use it as a reason for making your child text a lot. ''I think the important thing is for children to be able to see the difference between it being OK to write in this funny way on a phone but you can't write a formal letter like this or your school work.''
She was surprised to find 86 per cent of children aged between 10 and 12 had mobile phones, and all sent text messages. When asked how many they sent and received a day, the children's estimates ranged from less than one to 315. ''Even sending 200 messages a day would mean an average of one message every five minutes every available waking hour, which seems excessive,'' Dr Kemp says. Eighty per cent of children claimed to send and receive 100 short messages a day. Her findings support recent British research that found a strong link between primary school children's use of text abbreviations and improved literacy: textese was actually boosting the children's writing and reading skills.
Children who are good at quickly creating and interpreting textisms are also proficient at spelling and reading familiar and novel words. ''This fits with previous findings and supports the idea that the same skill set underlies the ability to manipulate the sounds and features of spoken, written and texted language. The ability to create or decipher phonetic abbreviations requires an awareness of the multiple sound-letter correspondences in English,'' Dr Kemp says. ''Further, increased experience with reading and writing textese might lead to increased confidence and flexibility with manipulating language sounds, a key skill for developing reading prowess.'' Dr Kemp believes the popularity of texting shows that language is fluid and flourishing - particularly when children play creatively with words rather than stick to standard usage. ''I started off thinking texting will be ruining their spelling but in fact it seems to do the opposite because children who are good at spelling, reading and language are also good at messing around with texting; they are better at guessing what a funny little acronym might be or better at making up a new one. ''It makes sense that someone who is good at language is also good at crosswords, poetry and so on … it's another way to play with the words of language.'' While this may not go down well with traditionalists, such findings have found an unlikely supporter in Britain's poet laureate, Carol Ann Duffy, who believes texting is an ideal springboard to good poetry writing.
Ms Duffy believes the fun and creativity of mobile texting will turn today's children into the poets of tomorrow. ''The poem is a form of texting … it's the original text,'' Ms Duffy told The Guardian. In her study, Dr Kemp recorded 29 different text shortcuts for the word ''tomorrow''. Such examples show that more sophisticated literacy skills are needed to use textisms. Moreover, the proportion of abbreviations used in messages increased with age, from 21 per cent in grade 4 to nearly 50 per cent in grade 6. Surprisingly, though, when the children were asked to compose a message to a friend using textisms, they were generally no faster than writing in conventional English. In an earlier study with 61 undergraduates at the Tasmanian university who were all regular texters, Dr Kemp found the young adults were significantly faster at writing but slower at reading messages written in textese than in conventional English.
Like the children, the adults also made significantly more reading errors with messages written in textese.
BART board to meet Friday about contract glitch
(11-15) 07:08 PST OAKLAND -- BART directors will meet in a special closed-door session Friday to discuss how to handle a clause the transit agency's management says was inadvertently included in the tentative contract with its labor unions.
The tentative agreement, reached Oct. 21, ended a four-day strike by BART's two largest unions - the second strike in four months. The unions, Service Employees International Union Local 1021 and Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1555, have overwhelmingly ratified the agreement.
BART's Board of Directors was scheduled to do the same at its meeting this coming Thursday. But according to Kerry Hamill, a BART assistant general manager, "BART management believes that a provision that it did not agree to was inadvertently included in the final labor package."
On Thursday, the board hastily called Friday's special meeting to discuss the issue and review the rest of the contract. State meeting laws allow special meetings in urgent situations to be called with 24-hour notice.
Antonette Bryant, president of the ATU local, said in a statement that she expects the board to approve the contract.
"We negotiated in good faith for six months," she said. "BART management is now attempting to go back on agreements it made in July and August and that were part of the final deal. This is unconscionable."
BART officials have faced much criticism for the tentative agreement, which gives workers 15.4 percent in raises spread over four years and bonuses of up to $1,000 a year. According to reports, the provision under dispute concerns a clause that gives workers the right to take up to six weeks of family leave.
BART Board Director Zakhary Mallett held a news conference Thursday evening and said, "The paid family leave component was not supposed to be in there, and we are investigating why."
Later, when asked about the possibility of another work stoppage, Mallett said, "We obviously do not want a BART strike, and we will do everything in our means to avoid that."
Hamill said BART management is calculating the potential cost of the provision, and said the board will have to consider it into its ratification decision.
Reply to "What ORMs have taught me: just learn SQL" Tuesday, August 5, 2014
This is a reply to "What ORMs have taught me: just learn SQL" by Geoff Wozniak.
I've spent the last 12 years of my life full time writing ORMs and entity modeling systems, so I think I know a thing or two about this topic. I'll briefly address some of the things mentioned in the article.
Reading the article I got the feeling Geoff didn't truly understand the material, what ORMs are meant for and what they're not meant for. It's not the first time I've seen an article like this and I'm convinced it's not the last. That's fine; you'll find a lot of this kind of articles on many frameworks/paradigms/languages etc. in our field. I'd like to add that I don't know Geoff and therefore have to base my conclusions on the article alone.
Re: intro
The reference to the Neward article made me chuckle: sorry to say it but bringing that up always gives me the notion one has little knowledge of what an ORM does and what it doesn't do. An ORM is just a tool to translate between two projections of the same abstract entity model (class and table, which result in instances: object and table row); it doesn't magically make your crappy DB look like one designed by CELKO himself nor does it magically make your 12 level deep, 10K object wide graph persist to tables in a millisecond as if there was just 1 table. Neither will SQL for that matter, but Geoff (and Neward before him) silently ignores that.
An ORM consists of two parts: a low level system which translates between class instances and table rows to transport the entity instances (== the data) back and forth, and a series of sub-systems on top of that to provide entity services (validation, graph persistence, unit of work, lazy / eager loading etc. etc.)
It is not some sort of 'magic connector' which eats object graphs and takes care of transforming those to tabular data of some sort with which you don't want to know anything about. It also isn't a 'magic connector' which reads your insanely crappy relational model into a dense object graph as if you read the objects from memory.
Re: Attribute Creep
He mentions attribute creep (more and more attributes (==columns) per relation (==table)) and FKs in the same section, however I don't think one is related to the other. Having wide tables is a problem but it's a problem regardless of what you're using as a query system. Writing projections on top of an entity model is easy, if your ORM allows you to, but even if it doesn't, the wide tables are a problem of the way the database is set up: they'll be a problem in SQL as well as an ORM.
What struck me as odd was that he has wide tables and also a problem with a lot of joins which sounds like he either has a highly normalized model, which should have resulted to narrow tables, or uses deep inheritance hierarchies. Nevertheless, if a projection requires 14 joins, it requires 14 joins: the data itself isn't obtainable in any other way otherwise it would be doable through the ORM as well (as any major ORM allows you to write a custom projection with joins etc. to obtain the data, materialized in instances of the class type you provide). It's hard to ignore the fact the author might have overlooked easy to use features (which hibernate provides) to overcome the problems he ran into and at the same time it's a bit odd a highly normalized model is the problem of the ORM and won't be a problem when using SQL (which has to work with the same normalized tables)
He says:
Attribute creep and excessive use of foreign keys shows me is that in order to use ORMs effectively, you still need to know SQL. My contention with ORMs is that, if you need to know SQL, just use SQL since it prevents the need to know how non-SQL gets translated to SQL.
I agree with the fact that you still need to know SQL, as you need to formulate the queries in your code in such a way that it leads to more efficient SQL; an ORM can do a bit of optimization but it is almost impossible to do without statistics/data (which are not available at that stage). But you can't conclude from that to 'just use SQL', as that's like recommending learning to write Java Bytecode because the syntax of Clojure is too hard to grasp. A better conclusion would be to learn the query system better so you can predict the SQL which will be produced.
Re: Data Retrieval
Query performance is always a concern, and anything between code and the actual execution of the DML in the DB is overhead. Hand-optimized SQL might be a good option in some areas, but in the majority of cases queries generated by ORMs are fine, even hibernate's ;). Most ORMs have a query language / system which is derived from SQL to begin with (the mentioned hibernate does: HQL) and it is predictable what SQL it will roughly produce.
Sure, if you create deep inheritance hierarchies over your tables, you might run into a lot of joins, but that's known up front: inheritance isn't free, one knows what it will do at runtime. "Know the tool you're working with". If Geoff was surprised to see a lot of joins because a 14-entity deep inheritance hierarchy was pulled from the DB, he should have known better.
He says:
From what I've seen, unless you have a really simple data model (that is, you never do joins), you will be bending over backwards to figure out how to get an ORM to generate SQL that runs efficiently. Most of the time, it's more obfuscated than actual SQL.
I find this hard to believe with the query systems I've seen and written myself, with one exception: Linq. Linq is a bit different because it has constructs (like GroupBy) which are different in Linq/code than they are in the DB which require a translation of intend from the query to SQL and thus can / will lead to a SQL query which might not be what one would expect when reading the Linq query.
The usage of Window functions and other DB specific features (like query hints) might be something not doable in an ORM query language. There are several solutions to that though, one being creating DB functions which are mapped to code methods so you can execute the constructs inside your query using those methods which will result in using the functions in the SQL query, another being DB Views. They both require actions inside the RDBMS which is less ideal, but if it helps in edge cases, why not? They're equal to adding an index to some fields to speed up data retrieval, or creating a denormalized table because the data is read-only anyway and it saves the system using it a lot of joins.
Re: Dual schema dangers
Here I saw the struggle Geoff had with the concept of ORMs. This isn't uncommon, e.g. Neward (in my opinion) expresses the same struggle in his cited essay. There are two sides with a gap between them: Classes and Table definitions. If you start with classes and try to create table definitions from these it's equal as starting with the table definitions and try to create classes from these: both are the projection result of an abstract entity model and to get one from the other requires reverse engineering the side you start with to the abstract entity model it was the projection of and then projecting that to the side you want to create: starting from classes or table definitions doesn't matter.
I do understand the pain point when you start with either side and have to bridge the gap to the other side: without the abstract entity model as the one true source of truth, it's always a problem when one side changes to update the other side.
Geoff tries to blame this on the ORM but that's not really fair: the ORM is meant to work with both sides (class and tables) at run time, not at design time; it requires a system meant for modeling an abstract entity model to manage both sides, as both sides are the result of that model, not the source of it. (I wrote one, see 'Links to my work' at the top left. I didn't want to pollute this article with references to my work)
Re: Identities
Creating new entity instances which get their PK set by a sequence in the DB are the main cause of the problem if I understand Geoff's description correctly. In memory, these entities have no real ID and referring to them is a bit of a pain, true. But that's related to working with objects in general: any object created is either identified by some sort of ID you give it or its memory location ("the instance itself"). I don't get the struggle with the cache and partial commits: if you want to refer to objects in memory, it's equal to what you would do if they weren't persisted to a DB. That they get IDs in the DB in the case of sequenced PKs is not a problem: the objects get updated after the DB transaction completes. Even hibernate is capable of doing that.
Re: Transactions
This section is a typical description of what happens when you confuse a DB transaction with a business transaction. A business transaction can span more than one DB transaction, might involve several subsystems / services, might even use message queues, might even be parked for a period of time before commit. A DB transaction is more explicit and low-level: you start the transaction, you do work, you commit (or rollback) the transaction and that's it.
Geoffs reference to scope is good, it illustrates that there's a difference between the two and therefore you shouldn't use a DB transaction when you need a business transaction. However it's too bad he misses this himself. Often developers try to implement a business transaction at the level of an ORM by using its unit of work, but it's too low level for that: a business transaction might span several systems and an ORM isn't the right system to control such a transaction; it's meant to control one DB transaction, that's it.
That doesn't mean the ORM shouldn't provide the tools to help a developer write proper business transaction code with the systems controlling the business transaction. After all, the second part of an ORM is 'entity services' and one being 'Unit of work'. Most ORMs follow the Ambler paper and combine a Unit of Work with their central Session or Context object. This leads to the problem that you can't offer a Unit of Work without the central Session or Context object and thus when you actually want a Unit of Work to pass around, collecting work for (a part of) the business transaction, you don't want to deal with a Session / Context object which also controls the DB connection / transaction; it might be that at that level / scope it's not even allowed / possible to do DB oriented work.
It's therefore essential to have an ORM which offers a separate Unit of Work object, which solves this problem. Additionally to that, the developer has to be aware that a business transaction is more than just a DB transaction and should design the code accordingly.
Re: Where do I see myself going
A highly normalized relational model (4+ normal form) which is used to retrieve denormalized sets is not likely to perform well (as the chance of a high number of joins in most queries is significant), no matter what query system you're using. I get the feeling parts of what Geoff ran into is caused by reporting requirements (which often requires denormalized sets of (aggregated) data), parts are caused by inheritance hierarchies (not mentioned but according to the # of joins which were unexpected I think this is the case) and partly caused by poorly designed relational models.
None of those are solved magically if you use SQL instead of HQL or whatever query language you're using in an ORM. Not only is 'SQL' a query language and not a query system, it also doesn't make the core problems go away. Well, perhaps the inheritance one as you can't have inheritance in SQL, but then again, you're not forced to use inheritance in your entity model either.
He says:
By moving away from thinking of the objects in my application as something to be stored in a database (the raison d'être for ORMs) and instead thinking of the database as a (large and complex) data type, I've found working with a database from an application to be much simpler.
Here Geoff illustrates clearly a misconception about ORMs: they're not there to persist object graphs into some magic box in the corner, they're a system to move entity instances(==data) across the gap between two projections of the same abstract entity model. It's no surprise it turns out to be much simpler if you see your DB as part of your application, because it is part of your application. If we ignore the difference in level of abstraction, it's equal to talk to a DB through a REST service as it is to talk to a DB through an ORM which provides you with data: both times you go through an API to work with the entity instances on the other side. The REST service isn't a bucket you throw data in, and neither is the ORM.
Re: conclusion
SQL is a query language, not a query system. It's therefore not an alternative to the functionality provided by an ORM. ORMs make some things, namely the things they're built for, very easy. They make other things, namely the things they're not built for, hard. But the same can be said about any tool, including SQL (if we see a language as a tool): SQL is set oriented, and therefore imperative logic is hard to do, so one shouldn't do imperative logic in SQL. Blaming SQL for being crap in dealing with imperative logic doesn't make it so, it merely shows the person doing the blaming doesn't understand what SQL is meant to do and what it isn't meant to do.
In closing I'd like to not that what's ignored in the article is the optimized SQL ORMs generate with respect to e.g updates and graph fetches (eager loading). Left alone the fact that to execute the SQL query and consume the results, one has to write a system which is the core of any ORM: the low-level query execution system and object materializer.
It always pains me to read an article like Geoff's about a long struggle with ORMs as it's often based on a set of misconceptions what ORMs do and what they don't do. This is partly to blame on some ORM developers (let's not name names) themselves which try to sell the image that an ORM is a magic object graph persister and will turn your RDBMS into an object store. It's also party to blame on the complexity of the systems themselves: you don't simply learn how to use all of the ORM features and quirks overnight.
And sadly, it's also party to blame on the users, the developers using the ORMs, themselves. Suggesting a query language as the answer (and with that the tools that come with it) isn't going to solve anything: the root problem, working with relational data in an OO system, i.e. bridging the cap between class and table definition, still has to be solved, and using SQL and low-level systems to execute it will only move that problem onto your own plate, where you run the risk of re-inventing the wheel, albeit poorly.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has thanked the government of US President Donald Trump for its support of the Tel Aviv regime.
Netanyahu also thanked the new US administration over its choice for Washington's new ambassador to Israel, while addressing the annual American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) convention via video link on Monday.
Since taking office in January, Trump's increased support for Israel has emboldened the Tel Aviv regime to intensify anti-Palestinian activities such as settlement expansions. Trump's predecessor Barack Obama often clashed with the Israeli premier.
Read More:
Last week, the US Senate confirmed Trump's controversial pick of David Friedman to be America's ambassador to Israel.
Read More:
“Israel is committed to working with President Trump to advance peace with the Palestinians and with all our neighbors,” Netanyahu said, noting that Palestine must recognize Israel as a Jewish state.
Netanyahu also thanked Trump over a recent US budget request that “leaves military aid to Israel fully funded.”
While addressing AIPAC on Sunday, US Vice President Mike Pence said that Trump is “serious” about moving the American embassy in Israel to Jerusalem al-Quds.
US Vice President Mike Pence speaks in from of a photo of his grandfather's home in Ireland and a census document during a Saint Patrick's Day breakfast at the Naval Observatory March 16, 2017 in Washington, DC.
Read More:
During his campaign, Trump promised Netanyahu that he would recognize Jerusalem al-Quds as Israel's undivided capital.
In early December, then US President Obama renewed a presidential waiver ordering the US embassy in Israel to remain in Tel Aviv, despite facing pressure by Congress and Israel.
The Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) has warned the US against the relocation of the embassy, saying that doing so would fuel extremism in the region and kill all chances for a solution to the conflict.
When Turkey launched Operation Euphrates Shield on Aug. 24, two objectives were declared: to distance the Islamic State (IS) from the Turkish border, and to prevent the Kurds who had crossed to the west of the Euphrates River, despite Turkey's stated red lines, from connecting with Afrin.
Other goals that were not declared but could be read between the lines were to rescue the armed opposition groups supported by Turkey squeezed in Aleppo, to provide them with a protected zone and to prevent refugees in that zone from crossing into Turkey. Ankara was determined to block the Kurdish advances from east to west both in the south and in the north, then to enter al-Bab and put together an alternative force that might persuade the United States to terminate its partnership with the Kurds for the Raqqa operation.
But the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) — which did not encounter strong IS resistance while capturing Jarablus, al-Rai and Dabik — began to sustain heavy casualties once it approached al-Bab.
A total of 38 TSK soldiers have been killed during the operation, including 16 on Dec. 21 alone. In addition, a video recording appeared last week on social media of two abducted Turkish soldiers being burned alive by IS. Turkish officials only said, ‘‘We are investigating,” while the government kept totally silent. All the government did was to curtail social media to prevent the discussion of the IS claim.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, during his daily routine of delivering speeches and attending ceremonies, did not even mention the IS video. Finally a statement came from Defense Minister Fikri Isik, who said, "We are assessing the reports on our three missing soldiers in the hands of [IS]. Nothing else has been confirmed.” The statement did not satisfy anyone.
The Turkish public is split by the tragic news. Some were frantically calling for total annihilation of the enemy, and some were asking, “If the objective is to prevent a Kurdish corridor and push IS away from our border, why are we insisting on entering al-Bab?''
Those who had supported the operation across the border despite warnings that Syria could become a quagmire were not expecting such a heavy toll. Compared with US and Russian casualties, Turkey's losses in Syria are too high. The United States, which has been conducting air operations in Syria since 2014 and providing advisory and training support with 300 soldiers to the Syrian Democratic Forces, has lost only one soldier. Russia, which fields 4,000 soldiers, has lost 23 since Sept. 30, 2015. But Turkey had 38 of its soldiers killed in four months of Operation Euphrates Shield, not including the two soldiers reported immolated.
There are occasional brief mentions of civilian casualties caused by the operation, but they go mostly unnoticed in a mood of extreme chauvinism, bravery and militarism. The TSK denied a report by the Syrian Human Rights Observatory that 250 civilians were killed by the Turkish operation. Turkish public opinion doesn't have a tradition of challenging what the TSK says. Incessant declarations by the TSK of how it is hitting IS helps cool down public anger over losses of soldiers. In a nutshell, there has not been heavy public pressure on the government to make changes to Operation Euphrates Shield.
To the contrary, two days after the video of the two soldiers burned alive appeared, Erdoğan again said that Turkey is determined to continue with the operation: “We have a thesis for a terror-free safe zone. If we cannot achieve that, then Gaziantep, Kilis and Urfa will always be under threat. What do they want? A new state in Syria. We will not allow the setting up of such a state. No doubt our martyrs hurt us, but for a land to be a country it needs martyrs.”
The government is fortunate to have fully convinced the opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) and the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) of the justification for Operation Euphrates Shield. While the country was trying to cope with the pains of news from Syria, CHP Chairman Kemal Kilicdaroglu uttered, “If Turkey had launched that operation to ensure its future, it is then necessary to absorb certain agonies.” MHP leader Devlet Bahceli declared that no matter the cost, Operation Euphrates Shield must continue.
While Turkish opposition circles were holding what they called the government's misguided Syria policies for Turkey's troubles, the prowess of Syrian opposition groups supported by Turkey were slowly being questioned. Ahmet Takan of the nationalist daily Yeni Cag claimed that the ground elements of the Free Syrian Army (FSA) were traitors. He wrote, “According to plans, Turkish soldiers and about 400 FSA militants were to capture the strategic IS points. According to one officer wounded in the operation and now in hospital, after the first volley of fire from IS, most of the FSA elements deserted. Only about 40 of them stayed with our soldiers.''
Although this particular claim could not be specifically confirmed, there is no doubt that what is called the FSA is a hodgepodge. To capture a strategic location of IS such as al-Bab or to secure a safe zone 40 kilometers by 90 kilometers (24 miles by 55 miles) by relying on such a motley crew is not an easy task. That is why as the operation deepens, the TSK is no longer a support force after the loss of 38 soldiers in four months, but in fact it is the primary combat force. Ankara was hoping to reinforce its friendly local forces with the experienced and dedicated fighters that were evacuated from Aleppo.
The recent declaration signed by Russia, Iran and Turkey in Moscow could affect the objectives and scope of Operation Euphrates Shield and Turkey's Syria policy. It is highly unlikely that Moscow will agree to a new Turkish strategy that will make life difficult for the Syrian army or weaken President Bashar al-Assad's hands at the negotiation table.
As Russian President Vladimir Putin declared in his press briefing Dec. 23, if Russia, Iran, Turkey and Syria are to sit at the table at Astana next month, Operation Euphrates Shield is likely to conform to the new process.
Not many will be surprised if Ankara gets a green light for al-Bab. That will be a face-saving gesture in return for Turkey's cooperation in the Syrian army's recapture of Aleppo and for cutting off Turkey's military-logistics support for Syrian armed opposition groups. This will enable Turkey to boast that it has cleansed the area of IS but also blocked Kurdish ambition for a corridor. But the next step could be a demand for Turkey to hand over the areas cleansed of IS to the control of the Syrian army. After all, Putin — who is not expected to agree to a Turkish-inspired buffer zone — has enough cards in his hand to impose such a demand.
University of Texas
Girls serve longer sentences than boys in the Texas juvenile justice system, and for less serious offenses, according to a new study from the University of Texas at Austin.
Researchers studied 5,019 juveniles in three large, urban Texas counties over two years, finding that a female's likelihood of remaining in confinement was 12.5 percent greater than that of a male.
Learn more about mental health on the Juvenile Justice Resource Hub.
Females were held longer for less serious offenses, the study found. They were released at a much slower pace than their male counterparts for “status offenses,” such as running away from home or skipping school, and spent an average of five days longer in pretrial detention for less serious offenses than male counterparts.
Girls in the juvenile justice system are also more likely to have a mental health issue and to have experienced trauma prior to incarceration, the study said.
Lead researcher Erin Espinosa said trauma might influence the longer confinements.
Certain aspects of detention, such as a door slamming or footsteps coming down the hall, can trigger girls who have experienced sexual abuse or assault to act in self-defense, Espinosa said, leading to new charges and a longer stay.
In a fight or flight scenario, girls in detention don't have an opportunity to flee, so they fight, she said.
[Related: When We Fail To Ask Why: Sexually Abused Girls Funneled into Juvenile Justice System]
Advocates called for better trauma-informed therapies within detention facilities, and more community-based programming outside them to reduce the time girls spend locked up.
Girls “end up languishing in these facilities that are meant to help treat their underlying issues … yet these facilities don't have sufficient programming to support their recovery,” said Elizabeth Henneke, policy attorney with the Texas Criminal Justice Coalition.
There is a need for “an investment in community programming specifically directed to girls and youth who are struggling with issues that can be best resolved in the community rather than in a facility,” she said.
Lisa Pilnik, deputy executive director of Coalition for Juvenile Justice, said locking girls up for status offenses is a misguided approach to protecting them.
“I think the best solution is for most of these kids not to be in a facility in the first place — to be getting trauma-responsive services in their communities,” she said.
Kids who do need to be detained need trauma-informed and gender-responsive programming, she said.
A 2015 report from the Council of State Governments found that juveniles in community-based supervision programs were less likely to reoffend than those in confinement.
“If the system is designed to be rehabilitative in nature … then what are we really achieving by keeping them locked up just because they're girls?” Espinosa said.
More related articles:
Girls in Justice System Often Traumatized Victims of Abuse
California Mentorship Program Offers Comfort to Sexually Exploited Young Women
Report: Girls Face ‘Sex-Abuse-To-Prison Pipeline'
Women's Center Works to Lower Recidivism Rates With ‘Immersion in Sisterhood'
The fifth installment of d10e returns to San Francisco for a two-day event, July 19-20, which will feature a star-studded cast of keynote speakers, including Andreas Antonopoulos.
Andreas Antonopoulos is a computer security and Bitcoin expert who has advised hundreds of organizations on emerging technologies and trends for over two decades.
First of its kind
D10e, a numeronym for decentralization, is composed of members mostly based in the United States, distributed from the east to west coast. Led by CEO Tiffany Madison, d10e originated as Coin Congress. D10e launched two successful 2014 events in Singapore and San Francisco which included 60 top professionals and 400+ attendees representing 200 companies.
July's conference is claimed to be the first ever Blockchain-related event to be streamed live globally, in virtual reality (VR). The industrial-grade VR camera and unique VR live streaming service is being brought to d10e by Shanghai Blockchain Network Technology Co. Ltd and their strategic business partners in North America, Time Technologies (Canada) Ltd. and The Vanbex Group.
Major players
Time Technologies will also have a special VR corner where attendees will be able to view and use the emerging technology of live streaming.
The role of The Vanbex Group at this event will be to provide communications, public relations and strategic services to d10e to help deliver an unprecedented, exclusive and intimate exploration of the hottest developments in decentralization.
Kevin Hobbs, director at Vanbex Group, says:
“We are very excited to be part of d10e and to introduce an evolution in conferencing with virtual reality technology. The prospect of globalizing d10e, opening accessibility to the widest parameters ... technologically, is great for business and for general interest.”
Vanbex Group CEO Lisa Cheng will also take to the stage at d10e. Cheng specializes in advising emerging tech startups. She is an expert in business development and product strategy with experience which includes Fortune 500 companies, enterprise sales, big data, and SaaS applications.
Cheng says about the conference:
“D10e is an event like none other because of its expansive inclusion on the latest technologies in Bitcoin, Blockchain, and decentralization in general. Having attended events around the world, d10e still stands out as something exceptional, the energy, the buzz, everything.”
Further rounding out the growing list of speakers is managing partner at Blockchain Capital, Brock Pierce, who will speak on the future of Blockchain technologies and how they relate to decentralization.
New Skill: Barrage - a bow/wand skill.
- a bow/wand skill. New Uniques: There are several new Unique items, and we're hoping at least one of them will be another Map.
New Achievements: There are two coming in 1.0.3.
Vendor Recipes: We've added a few more recipes. Some of these are very appropriate for racers.
New microtransactions: We have three in the works. I'm hoping the Storm Call one will be ready in time :)
Updated combat impact sounds!
Passive skills to support degeneration and chaos damage skills.
We'll update with more information and screenshots of the new content as it's available! By the way, I'm sorry that the current Build of the Week is slightly delayed. It was moved to a secondary priority after the big 1.0.2/Supporter Pack push last week. I'll resume working on it shortly.
In other news, we have Note that these are not patch notes! They're just the list of features and content on our whiteboard and there will be many other improvements and changes. Not everything in this list will necessarily make it in.We'll update with more information and screenshots of the new content as it's available! By the way, I'm sorry that the current Build of the Week is slightly delayed. It was moved to a secondary priority after the big 1.0.2/Supporter Pack push last week. I'll resume working on it shortly.In other news, we have updated our forum policy YouTube |
Lead Developer. Follow us on: Twitter Facebook | Contact Support if you need help! Last edited by Chris on Dec 2, 2013, 1:46:38 AM
Posted by Chris
on Grinding Gear Games on
BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia expressed concern early on Wednesday after revelations the United States had spied on the Andean nation, its closest military ally in Latin America, and called for an explanation.
In a brief statement at midnight, Colombia's foreign ministry said it “registered its concern” that there had been an “unauthorized data collection program” and asked that the U.S. government give an account of its actions through its embassy in Bogota.
A leading Brazilian newspaper reported on Tuesday that the U.S. National Security Agency targeted most Latin American countries with spying programs that monitored Internet traffic, especially in Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil and Mexico.
Citing documents leaked by Edward Snowden, the fugitive former U.S. intelligence contractor, O Globo newspaper said the NSA programs went beyond military affairs in the region to what it termed “commercial secrets,” including oil and energy.
Colombia is considered a top military and diplomatic ally in the region following a decade of joint operations against Marxist rebels and drug trafficking gangs that have caused harm to both countries' economies.
“In rejecting the acts of espionage that violate people's rights and intimacy as well as the international conventions on telecommunication, Colombia requests the corresponding explanations from the United States government through its ambassador to Colombia,” the foreign ministry said in the statement.
Regional leaders called for a tough response to the alleged espionage that O Globo said included a satellite monitoring stations based in Brazil's capital.
Snowden is thought to be negotiating his exit from a transit area in a Moscow airport's international area. He has been offered asylum in Venezuela, Bolivia and Nicaragua.
Lawyers for the Brady Campaign attempted to claim that the Armatix iP1/iW1 gun-watch combination met the definition of a personalized handgun under a 2002 New Jersey law. The retail sale of a a personalized handgun anywhere in the United States would trigger the New Jersey law that would then require all handguns in the state be sold with similar technology if a true personalized handgun made it to market.
After careful examination of the Armatix design, the Attorney Generals' office reached the same conclusion that we did long ago: this smart gun technology is anything but smart (PDF):
After careful consideration of the iP1's design, we have determined that it does not satisfy the statutory definition because, as a matter of design, the pistol may be fired by a person who is not an authorized or recognized user. That is, as long as the pistol is situated within 10 inches of the enabling wristwatch, it may be fired by anyone – the authorized user or any other person who is able to pull the trigger. While the system does incorporate a PIN code or a timer to disable the handgun, when the weapon is enabled, there is nothing in the technology which automatically limits its operational use so that it may only be fired by an authorized or recognized user (so long as the pistol is within a 10-inch proximity to the wristwatch component). Situations may readily be envisioned in which an unauthorized individual gains access to the pistol in close enough proximity to the wristwatch component (by either maintaining possession of the pistol within 10 inches of the authorized user's wrist on which he or she is wearing the watch, or by forcibly taking possession of the wristwatch), and therefore would be able to fire the weapon, despite the limiting technology. Accordingly, we are unable to conclude that the iP1 design meets all the elements of New Jersey's statutory definition of a personalized handgun under
N.J.S.2C:39-1(dd), and therefore its availability for retail sales purposes will not trigger the operation of N.J.S.2C:58-2.4 (requiring the promulgation of a list of personalized handguns) and N.J.S.2C:58-2.5 (prohibiting the sale of non-personalized handguns). We note that, as a result of this determination, it was not necessary to consider whether the iP1 meets reliability standards that the manufacturer may require for its commercially available handguns that are not personalized.
The Armatix is grotesquely over-priced, laughably under-powered (it is only available in .22LR), fragile, and as the Attorney General's Office notes, fails to keep unauthorized users from firing the handgun.
We'll gladly stick to “dumb” guns less expensive that actually work, and so will the citizens of New Jersey.
Wednesday on 800 WVHU radio's “The Tom Roten Morning Show,” Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) said polls showing Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton with a lead over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump were “designed to suppress turnout.”
Paul said “You know, I think sometimes polling is done to dampen election turnout. So when Trump says the thing's rigged, I'm not sure exactly what he means and I'm not sure I always agree with him. But I do think that when we say over and over someone can't win, that is a form of rigging in the sense that it is designed to suppress turnout.”
He added, “The polls are put out, you know to make it either look closer than it is or to make it look like Democrats have a better chance. And I think it's done by design to try to dampen turnout.”
(h/t CNN)
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Over the weekend we saw a post on Instagram from our friend the Disc Golf Guy that certainly got us thinking and we wanted to help keep the discussion going.
Loading View on Instagram
The photo highlights a sign at a local Milwaukee County disc golf course in Wisconsin. The sign states the Milwaukee County Parks will introduce a “new permit fee” for their disc golf courses next year. With the increased popularity, Milwaukee County Parks says this extra fee will go toward maintenance and improvements on the course. They close by saying they'll still work with the local disc golfers to improve the courses.
How do you feel about a permit to use a disc golf course? Do you think the “pay-to-play” model is the way to go?
In my opinion, I'm not opposed to a permit fee on the right courses. I think it would work for the right course if done correctly. Some local courses aren't at the level that would require a permit like this. It is almost silly at that point. Other championship level courses likely could benefit from some added funds. If these fees to toward new baskets, teepads, landscaping, etc… then it could be worth it.
The cost of the permit could also turn people away. If it is kept to $10-15, or even $20, for a year then it shouldn't be too hard to swallow. What is the perfect cost for a permit?
How would you enforce the permit? You certainly don't want to be the guy on the course that calls out every golfer on the course and checks for their permit. That certainly ruins the idea behind the permit. Are you fined if you don't have one?
Another concern we have when it comes to a pay-to-play model is the casual disc golfer or visitor. If you're out at the course every week and have been playing for years, the idea of a permit might not be that big of a deal to you. If you're just getting into the sport you might be hesitant to pay the fee. Milwaukee County Parks has thought of this and has set five courses as permit courses and four others as free courses. Only one of those free courses clocks in at 9 holes though. While that might help ease things for the beginner, the visitors to town would likely need to pick up the permit.
Milwaukee County Parks states the fee hasn't been set and we haven't stated where or when you can purchase a permit. While they wouldn't be the first to have a yearly permit, it looks like they are one of the next to do so. As I said before, if done correctly, this could be a boost for the local courses and improvements could be right around the corner for the locals. If done incorrectly, it could quickly slow the traffic on the local courses.
We want to hear your opinion. Leave a comment below to help keep this DISCussion going.
• The credit is only valid for MP3s available at Amazon.com.
• The credit expires on July 27, 2012, at 11:59 p.m. PST. The credit will be automatically applied to your future eligible MP3 album purchases until the credit is used or until it expires (whichever comes first).
• Offer limited to one promotional credit per Amazon.com customer.
• Offer may not be redeemed at any other website (e.g., Amazon.com.uk, Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, Amazon.co.jp, Amazon.ca, etc.), regardless of whether operated by Amazon.com, Inc., an affiliate of Amazon.com, Inc., or any other third party, and regardless of whether linked to or from the Amazon.com website.
• To redeem the credit, you must have an Amazon.com account and accept Terms of Use for Amazon.com and Amazon MP3.
• This offer is available only to customers who are located, and have billing addresses, in the 50 United States or the District of Columbia and who have a U.S. bank-issued credit card associated with their Amazon.com account.
• We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate or modify this promotion at any time.
• Offer is non-transferable, not exchangeable, not redeemable for cash, is void where prohibited by law, and may not be combinable with other offers.
• Additional taxes apply in certain jurisdictions to items ordered.
• When you redeem an offer, Amazon.com may be able to tell that you are part of a select group of customers. For example, Amazon.com may be able to tell that you are a customer of the merchant that provided you with this offer. For more information about data that Amazon.com collects from its customers, read the Amazon.com Privacy Notice located at www.amazon.com/privacy
• Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Ronald Brown stepped on a land mine while on a mission in France in August 1944.
The blast peppered his left leg with red-hot fragments and he was forced to crawl two miles to safety.
But because of medical conditions of the day it was thought safer to leave shrapnel in his body.
He survived the war but only ever told his family the basic story and said the accident had left him with a 'bad knee'.
Mr Brown told loved ones he still had a 'bullet' in his leg and asked his grandchildren not to sit on his knee because of the pain it caused.
But when he died last week aged 94 his family had him cremated and were stunned when staff handed them back a big bag of shrapnel.
The bag contained a whopping 6oz of bomb shrapnel that he had been carrying around for 60 years.
Daughter Jane Madden, 55, of Exeter, Devon said her father told her there was a bullet in his knee from the war, never mentioning the pile of fragments.
She said: "I don't think he ever realised all that was in his leg - it weighed about six ounces.
"He'd said there was a bullet in his leg but I was imagining one romantic piece of metal.
"But when we went to scatter his ashes we asked whether the bullet had been found and they gave us this bag full of metal.
"It's just macabre really and amazing because he never used to complain about the pain. It just shows how brave he was."
Mr Brown, of Exeter, joined the East Yorkshire Regiment at the age of 21 and was a quartermaster when he suffered his injury.
He stepped on the booby trap while on manoeuvres in August 1944, two months after D Day.
Following his death of a chest infection last week workers at Exeter and Devon Crematorium carefully sifted through his ashes and found the metal pieces.
His granddaughter, Holly, 22, said her grandfather "never spoke much about the war".
She said: "When we were very young he used to tell us not to sit on his knee because of the wound.
"He would travel overseas to Australia and America and he was always setting off scanners as he walked through.
"We always thought it was a bullet in the knee but when the funeral directors gave us this bag of shrapnel they had taken out we were shocked at how much there was.
"We are all very proud of him and what he did for all of us. The bits of metal in him just show how horrible the war was.
"I suppose it's a bitter-sweet memory for us because it symbolises everything he did and how he suffered."
After the war grandfather-of-five Ronald became a tax inspector. His wife Gwendoline died 24 years ago.
Holly, one of five grandchildren, said her grandfather kept a journal of his wartime experiences. In the diary he claims he introduced the British delicacy of egg and chips to people in France.
But he also spoke of how of the 900 original members of his regiment, only 29 came home from the front.
Jane said: "He had a good life and did a lot in his time. We all so proud of him."
Get the Recipe The Best Spinach Lasagna
I'm not really much of a sleeper. No matter how often I try and no matter what method I take, I simply can't get into bed and nod off until four or five hours before I have to wake up. For a while this concerned me (and particularly concerned my wife), but to be honest, I don't feel tired, and I kind of enjoy those extra four hours I get all to myself.
What is it that keeps me up late at night? Admittedly sometimes it's ridiculous things like the Walking Dead or Reddit or de-skunking my silly dog after he gets sprayed in the face at 2 a.m. But more often than not, I'm up cooking. Sure, I cook for work, and I do it almost all day every day, but I also cook to relax, and there is little to me that is more relaxing or therapeutic than putting together a carefully constructed lasagna, whether it's traditional Bolognese, creamy mushroom or brussels sprout, or a rich and hearty squash lasagna.
My wife tells me I need to learn how to relax. I think I manage just fine.
I find pleasure in preparing each of the separate fillings and balancing their flavors. Joy in spreading layers of thin pasta with just enough filling to coat. I sit in front of the oven with my face pressed up against the glass as the lasagna transforms from layered pasta into a bubbly, browned, irresistible casserole.
Today we're going to look at another one of the classics. Creamy, cheesy, spinach lasagna flavored with a hint of nutmeg and a combination of besciamella (that's Italian-speak for "white sauce") and fresh ricotta. And while I'll often opt for the ease and convenience of no-boil lasagna noodles, today we're going to go with store-bought fresh pasta. There are a few subtle but significant differences in how to handle fresh noodles.
Let's dive right into the deep end of this rich, creamy pool, alright?
The Spinach
This is a spinach lasagna, so we want that spinach flavor front and center. I've tried a few different types of spinach over the years including frozen, fresh flat leaf, curly leaf, and baby, and I find that you get the best flavor and texture with fresh flat or curly leafed spinach. They don't have the pulpy, mushy texture of cooked baby spinach (plus they're cheaper), and they have significantly better flavor than frozen spinach, which can tasted muddy and occasionally has fibrous stalks included.
I started out by cooking my spinach using a method that Cook's Illustrated recommends, blanching it in boiling water just until wilted. I find the process a little cumbersome, particularly because the spinach ends up absorbing way more water than it needs to, leading to diluted flavor.
Microwaving it in a bowl is a little better, but doesn't offer you the opportunity to buttress its flavor with some aromatics.
The best method? Sautéing.
I start by sweating some shallots and garlic in a mixture of butter and olive oil (for superior flavor), then adding in the spinach a few handfuls at a time until its fully wilted.
From there I let it cook down, letting any juices that are expelled reduce until the pan looks completely dry.
But looking completely dry and being completely dry are two separate things. I found out the hard way that it's extremely important to remove as much excess liquid from your spinach as possible if you want to end up with consistent, reliable results.
Place the cooked spinach in a strainer and press on it with a spatula until you extract those last couple tablespoons of residual moisture.
The last question is how to incorporate that spinach. Some recipes call for simply scattering the roughly chopped wilted leaves in between each layer all willy nilly. Once upon a time I used this method as well. It's easy to do, but it doesn't make for ideal eating—whole leaves of spinach slide out of your lasagna with each bite.
Much better is to chop that spinach by pulsing it in the food processor, then combining it with some of your cheese mixture to really disperse it evenly.
Speaking of cheese, let's speak about cheese a bit, ok?
The Cheese
I knew that extra creaminess was my goal here, and I started off by making a cheese-spiked standard besciamella to bind everything together. It's nice enough, but it didn't have the rich cheese flavor of a lasagna made with ricotta. The problem? Most store-bought ricotta is terrible, and I mean really terrible.
See, in order to save money, instead of carefully forming curds and draining away excess water the way they should, most major label brands will add gums and stabilizers designed to help keep that extra water bound inside the mixture. The result is ricotta that is blander (after all, the milky flavor is watered down) and has an odd, gum-like texture that bears little resemblance to the real deal.
There are a couple of solutions. The first is to make the ricotta yourself. With our simple microwave method, you can get fresh ricotta on the counter in about five minutes, though you'll need to make multiple batches for the quantity required for a large lasagna like this.
Alternatively, you can seek out quality brands. If you've got a good local dairy, freshly made ricotta can't be beat. At the supermarket, check your labels for ricotta that contains nothing more than milk, salt, and either a starter or some acid.
Calabro is a fantastic brand that's available at Whole Foods. Make sure you pick up their full-fat ricotta—the low fat versions have had stabilizers added to make up for their excess wateriness.
Your last option? Skip the ricotta and use cottage cheese instead. It may sound odd, but the two products are made in a very similar manner and once incorporated into the lasagna, the cottage cheese comes out beautifully creamy. Some folks actually prefer the end results you get from the cottage cheese over true ricotta!
The simplest way to incorporate whichever you choose is to simply use it as-is, folding an egg into it to help bind it a bit as it bakes, but I find that ricotta added this way comes out a little pebbly and dry. Instead, I like to take half of the ricotta and whiz it up in a food processor with an egg, a healthy amount of Parmesan cheese for extra flavor, and some freshly grated nutmeg, pepper, and salt.
To that, I fold in my chopped spinach along with the other half of the ricotta.
By incorporating the ricotta in two different forms, you get an end result that is rich and creamy, but still has the signature small curds of ricotta interspersed throughout.
Finally, some freshly grated mozzarella and Comté or Gruyère cheese combined with some of that besciamella take the whole thing over the top.
The Pasta
I'm generally a huge advocate of those flat-rolled, no-boil lasagna noodles. They work particularly well if you soak them in water while you're putting together your fillings. But no matter how convenient they are, they never have quite the same resilient bite as fresh pasta sheets do, and sometimes you just need to go all in, even if it's at 2 a.m. on a Tuesday.
Working with fresh store-bought pasta sheets is pretty easy. I make a big stack of them and use a pizza wheel to cut them into the right shape and size. Remember, fresh pasta will expand when you cook it, so you need to account for that when cutting. I subtract about an inch from each side when cutting.
Fresh lasagna noodles don't need to be par-cooked, but raw noodles stacked into a lasagna will absorb quite a bit of moisture from the fillings. I find it's much easier to gauge the finished texture of the lasagna if you do par-cook them.
Par-cook your cut noodles a few at a time in a big pot of salted boiling water. They should be cooked until very, very al dente—less than a minute in the water will do.
Transfer them to the sink and run them under cold water, gently unfolding the sheets and taking care not to tear them.
Lay the rinsed sheets out on a layer of clean kitchen towels, then repeat with the remaining noodles. To minimize bench space, I like to place a layer of noodles on one half of a towel, fold the other half over, then layer my next noodles on top of that. I repeat with as many towels as I need.
Dried no-boil noodles absorb liquid and get extra-thick when cooking, so it's tough to stack more than five to six layers of them in a single lasagna pan. When I'm using fresh noodles, I like to do take am ore traditional approach and really make the pasta the star of the show. I'll go for 12 layers or even more.
Stack and Go
We've got our cheesy besciamella, our spinach and ricotta mixture, and our noodles, which leaves us with the most therapeutic, enjoyable part of all: stacking.
I like to start with a thin layer of besciamella on the bottom of my greased lasagna pan to gives that bottom layer of noodles something to stick to.
In goes a layer of pasta.
Followed by a thin, thin coating of the spinach mixture. Remember: 12 layers to go here! It's ok if there are bare spots of pasta showing, everything will settle and shift as it bakes anyhow.
A little drizzle of besciamella goes on next.
I smooth it out with the back of a spatula.
I repeat the process until I've used up both the pasta and the spinach mixture.
For the very top layer, I mix things up a bit by incorporating some plain grated cheese. This gives the top an extra gooey, stretchy coating.
One more layer of besciamella to bind it all together, and it's ready for the oven.
To get the cheese nicely melted, I start by covering it with foil for the first 15 minutes of its 30 to 40 minute bake time. After that the top comes off and it keeps going until bubbly and browned all around.
You may find that with fresh lasagna noodles, you'll end up with quite a bit of puffing due to water vapor getting trapped in between layers of pasta. If you peek into your oven (or like me, sit there riveted to the glass for the entire 40 minutes) and notice that there is a bulge in the middle of your lasagna, just poke it with a sharp paring knife, twisting the knife a bit to open up an escape route for that trapped steam.
Rest and Serve
When the lasagna looks something like this...
...and smells even better, then it's ready to come out of the oven. You'll be tempted to jump right in, but for best texture, let it rest for about 10 minutes before cutting in and serving.
Who here likes a bit of gratuitous food porn? This next section is for you.
OK lasagna, it's just you and me here. Can you give me gooey? Give me gooey, and throw in a little cheesy if you've got it.
That's it. Ooh, cheesier. Give me cheesier! You're killing me here, yeah baby, yeah!
OK, can you do golden brown crisp edges? Let's see you do that for a little while.
You nailed it, perfect. Give me more! Whaddaya got? How about creamy layers of pasta dripping with ricotta and spinach? Can you do the dripping thing?
Yes, yes, yes!
I've worked with better... but not many.
For you red sauce lovers...
When I made a quick inquiry over on Twitter, there was an overwhelming reply that a good spinach lasagna should have no tomato sauce. That said, there was a strong vocal minority who actually likes the combination of tomato and spinach. If you're of that persuasion, feel free to add a couple cups of tomato sauce to interspersed into the layers here and there. Might I be so bold as to suggest my Slow-Cooked Italian-American Red Sauce as a suitable candidate?
Get the Recipe The Best Spinach Lasagna View Recipe »
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
My Call Detail Records and
A Citizen's Right to Privacy
By Shri Arun Jaitley
Leader of Opposition (Rajya Sabha)
In the past few months I have been closely monitoring a series of news reports which deal with surveillance of my mobile phones. An effort has been made to get access to my call detail records. On two occasions senior officers of the Delhi Police have met me to keep me informed of the progress of the case.
The Facts
On three occasions the Delhi Police has officially asked for the call detail records of the mobile phone which I regularly use. These details have been asked for by the South District, the Central District and the Crime Branch of Delhi Police. The reason for officially seeking the call detail records are both curious and ridiculous. On two occasions for two different periods the Call Detail Records were sought ostensibly on the ground that they were required for a verification in relation to the crime of multiple murders which had been committed in a farmhouse in Delhi. On the third occasion a Head Constable of Delhi Police sought the details and successfully obtained them on the ground that he was returning from the Saket Courts, an anonymous source advised him to check up the call detail records of my telephone number since the same may provide some evidence in relation to a fake currency racket. Obviously, both the pretexts were palpably false. Even for the wildest of imagination there would not be any evidence available in my phone details in relation to these offences. I hardly have any familiarity with the persons involved in these crimes or in relation to the subject matter of the offence.
In another incident the Delhi Police unearthed an effort to a constable of the Police acting at the behest of a private detective agency to get the Call Detail Records of some of the phones which are used by persons around me. Two phones in my name are used by two drivers whom I alternatively use and the third one is used by my son. When I am in my car or at a meeting, I do receive calls on my driver's numbers. The Delhi Police claims that this attempt was foiled by a vigilant employee of the Service Provider who suspected foul play in these transactions.
The details of these calls being observed through official and illegal channels were for the periods November-December,2012 and January 2013. It was junior officers of the police including the officials at the level of Head Constable and Constables who could get access to these Call Detail Records.
It is obvious that somebody during this period was desperately trying to look for some evidence in my call details. The combined effort has covered the phones which I regularly use and some phones of persons who accompany me which I may incidentally use. Regrettably the Delhi Police believes that each of these efforts are unconnected and there is no pattern in the fact that an attempt was being made both successfully and unsuccessfully to monitor the persons with whom I am in touch with during the critical period. I find it difficult to accept this explanation of the Delhi Police that it is unable to find out the master-mind behind this operation and it is merely co-incidental that so many activities were taking place at the same time to get at my Call details.
The Delhi Police would have me believe that these were unconnected developments. The inability of the Delhi Police to find out the master-mind behind this operation does not mean that there is no master-mind. Either the investigation is extremely incompetent to discover the identity of the master-mind or the Delhi Police finds it embarrassing to name the master-mind. My guess is still wide open. This could be an out-sourced operation to a Government agency or a private rogue operation.
The Effect
My object in raising this issue is not to play a victimhood card. I raise this issue because some larger questions of public interest are involved.
Firstly, every citizen in India has a right to privacy. His right to pirivacy is an inherent aspect of his personal liberty. Interference in the right to privacy is an interference in his personal liberty by a process which is not fair, just or reasonable. A person's Call Detail Records can throw up details of several transactions. In the case of an average citizen it can reflect on his relationships. In the case of a professional or a business person it can reflect on his financial transactions. In the case of a journalist it can reveal the identity of his sources. In the case of a politician it can reveal the identity of the person with whom he has regular access. Every person has ‘a right to be left alone'. In a liberal society there is no place for those who peep into the private affairs of individuals. No one has a right to know who another communicates with him. The nature of communication, the identity of persons being communicated with and frequency of communications would be a serious breach of privacy. If Constables and Head Constables of police officially (even though on false pretexts ) or unofficially can get access to Call Detail Records of an individual (in this case Leader of Opposition in one of the Houses of Parliament) the personal liberty of an individual would be in peril.
In the case of a Member of Parliament, this raises an additional issue. A Member of Parliament like a media person receives information from various sources. It is in public interest that the identity of the sources is to be concealed. Most scams are exposed by insiders. If identity of sources are revealed there is a danger of the sources drying up and public interest suffering. A Member of Parliament has several undefined privileges. Nobody has a right to know who communicates with him. If those who communicate with him are exposed nobody would be willing to provide information to a Member of Parliament. This will be detrimental to public interest. If the privileged phone records of the Leader of Opposition can be accessed so easily, one shudders to think as to what would happen to an ordinary citizen.
This incident throws up another legitimate fear. We are now entering the era of the Adhaar number. The Government has recently made the existence of the Adhaar number as a condition precedent for undertaking several activities; from registering marriages to execution of property documents. Will those who encroach upon the affairs of others be able to get access to bank accounts and other important details by breaking into the system? If this ever becomes possible the consequences would be far messier.
Drugs That Work In Mice Often Fail When Tried In People
Sam Rowe for NPR
Most potential new drugs fail when they're tested in people. These failures are not only a major disappointment, they sharply drive up the cost of developing new drugs.
A major reason for these failures is that most new drugs are first tested out in mice, rats or other animals. Often those animal studies show great promise.
But mice aren't simply furry little people, so these studies often lead science astray. Some scientists are now rethinking animal studies to make them more effective for human health.
When scientists first started using animals in research over a century ago, the animals were not regarded as human stand-ins. Scientists studying rats were initially trying to understand rats, says Todd Preuss, an anthropologist at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center at Emory University.
"As this process went on, people stopped seeing them as specialized animals and started seeing them more and more than prototypical mammals," Preuss says.
But is a rat really a generic mammal? Preuss says emphatically no. But that's how rodents were pitched when they became products sold to scientists.
"It wasn't strictly a financial interest," he says. The sellers "really believed that you could do almost anything" with these animals. "You could learn about almost any feature of human organization, you could cure almost any disease by studying these animals."
That was a dangerous assumption. Rats and humans have been on their own evolutionary paths for tens of millions of years. We've developed our own unique features, and so have the rodents.
So it should come as no surprise that a drug that works in a mouse often doesn't work in a person. Even so, Preuss says there's tremendous momentum to keep using animals as human substitutes. Entire scientific communities are built up around rats, mice and other lab animals.
"Once these communities exist, then you have an infrastructure of knowledge: how to raise the animals, how to keep them healthy," Preuss says. "You have companies that spring up to provide you with specialized equipment to study these animals."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Fox Photos/Getty Images Fox Photos/Getty Images
Chances are, people studying the same disease study the same tailor-made strain of animal. Journals and funding agencies actually expect it.
"So there's a whole institution that develops," Preuss says.
And it's hard to interrupt that culture. (Preuss spoke about this subject in a 2016 talk at the National Institutes of Health.)
You can get a glimpse of the scale of this enterprise by passing through one of hundreds of facilities nationwide devoted to the care and feeding of mice. On the Stanford University campus, attendants roll supply carts through fluorescent-lit hallways and past row after row of doors at an expansive mouse facility.
I'm guided through the labyrinth by Joseph Garner, a behavioral scientist at the Stanford University Medical Center. We go into a windowless room stacked floor to ceiling with seemingly identical plastic cages full of mice.
The philosophy behind mouse research has been to make everything as uniform as possible, so results from one facility would be the same as the identical experiment elsewhere.
But despite extensive efforts to be consistent, this setup hides a huge amount of variation. Bedding may differ from one facility to the next. So might the diet. Mice respond strongly to individual human handlers. Mice also react differently depending on whether their cage is up near the fluorescent lights or hidden down in the shadows.
Garner and colleagues tried to run identical experiments in six different mouse facilities, scattered throughout research centers in Europe. Even using genetically identical mice of the same age, the results varied all over the map.
Garner says scientists shouldn't even be trying to do experiments this way.
"Imagine you were doing a human drug trial and you said to the FDA, 'OK, I'm going to do this trial in 43-year-old white males in one small town in California,'" Garner says — a town where everyone lives in identical ranch homes, with the same monotonous diets and the same thermostat set to the same temperature.
"Which is too cold, and they can't change it," he goes on. "And oh, they all have the same grandfather!"
The FDA would laugh that off as an insane setup, Garner says.
"But that's exactly what we do in animals. We try to control everything we can possibly think of, and as a result we learn absolutely nothing."
Garner argues that research based on mice would be more reliable if it were set up more like experiments in humans — recognizing that variation is inevitable, and designing to embrace it rather than ignore it. He and his colleagues have recently published a manifesto, urging colleagues in the field to look at animals in this new light.
"Maybe we need to stop thinking of animals as these little furry test tubes that can be or even should be controlled," he says. "And maybe instead we should think of them as patients."
That could solve some of the problems with animal research, but by no means all.
Scientists make far too many assumptions about the underlying biology of disease when creating animal models of those illnesses, says Gregory Petsko, who studies Alzheimer's disease and other neurological disorders at the Weill Cornell Medical School.
"It's probably only when you get to try your treatments in people that you're really going to have any idea how right those assumptions were," Petsko says.
In his field, the assumptions are often poor, or downright misleading. And Petsko says this mindset has been counterproductive. Scientists in his field have "been led astray for many years by relying so heavily on animal models," he says.
For many years that was simply the best that science could do, Petsko says. So he doesn't fault his colleagues for trying.
"What I am saying is at some point you have to cut your losses. You have to say, 'OK, this took us as far as it could take us, quite some time ago.'"
For neurological diseases, Petsko says, scientists might learn more from studying human cells than whole animals. Animals are still useful for studying the safety of potential new treatments, but beyond that, he says, don't count on them.
Preuss at Emory agrees that using animals as models of disease is a big reason that many results in biomedical research aren't readily reproducible. "I think that we have means to resolve that, though."
How? "You have to think outside of the model box," he says. Mice and rats aren't simplified humans. Scientists should stop thinking they are.
But Preuss says scientists can still learn a lot about biology and disease by studying animals — for example, by comparing how humans and other animals differ, or where they share common traits. Those can reveal a lot about biology without assuming that what's true in a rat is likely true in a human.
"Scientists need to break out of a culture that is hampering progress," Preuss says. That's tough to do right now, in a world where science funding is on the chopping block. Many scientists are reluctant to take a risk that could backfire. But the upside could benefit us all, in the form of a better understanding of disease, and effective new drugs.
Richard Harris did some of the reporting for this story while researching his book Rigor Mortis: How Sloppy Science Creates Worthless Cures, Crushes Hope, and Wastes Billions. You can contact him at rharris@npr.org.
CHINA'S emperors regarded control over water as one of the principal ways of controlling the country. They poured their kingdom's resources into vast projects such as the Grand Canal between Beijing and Hangzhou, which was finished in about 500AD. The country's Communist leaders have inherited this passion. Eight of the nine members of the previous Politburo's standing committee were engineers and a former president, Hu Jintao, was a water engineer. The country has built as many large dams as the rest of the world put together.
The Grand Canal now forms a link in one of the biggest engineering projects the world has ever seen, whose first stage is due to open by the end of this year. It goes by the unlovely name of the South-North Water Diversion Project (see article). If it is ever finished it will move water along 2,000 miles of new canals, some of them across the Himalayan plateau, from the Yangzi in the south to the Yellow River in the north, at a cost of more than $50 billion.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Unlike some of China's recent infrastructure extravagances, the diversion project addresses a serious problem. China is dangerously short of water. While the south is a lush, lake-filled region, the north—which has half the population and most of the farmland—is more like a desert. The international definition of water stress is 1,000 cubic metres of usable water per person per year. The average northern Chinese has less than a fifth of that amount. China has 20% of the world's population but only 7% of its fresh water. A former prime minister, Wen Jiabao, once said water shortages threaten “the very survival of the Chinese nation”.
The shortage is worsening because China's water is disappearing. In the 1950s the country had 50,000 rivers with catchment areas of 100 square kilometres or more. Now the number is down to 23,000. China has lost 27,000 rivers, mostly as a result of over-exploitation by farms or factories.
Water shortages impose big costs. China is hoping for a shale-gas revolution but does not have enough water for it since most of the gas reserves are in the driest parts of the country. The World Bank puts the cost of China's water problems—mostly damage to health—at 2.3% of a year's GDP.
Right problem, wrong solution
China clearly needs to do something—but not the South-North diversion project. Aside from the massive cost, the two rivers involved have very different ecosystems and taking water from one to the other could do irreparable environmental harm. The bits that have been finished already have killed many organisms. China's vast engineering projects could also hurt its neighbours. The diversion scheme is just one of several proposals for the rivers of southern China, including the upper reaches of the Brahmaputra and Mekong, which could affect a billion people who live downstream. And all those projects would increase the amount of water in China by only a few percentage points.
The government is approaching the water problem from the wrong end. Damming or diverting rivers tackles only supply—increasing available water by capturing more of what flows through rivers or by moving water from one river to another. The government would do better to focus on demand, reducing consumption of water in order to make better use of limited supplies. Water is too cheap in most cities, usually costing a tenth of prices in Europe. Such mispricing results in extravagance. Industry recycles too little water; agriculture wastes too much. Higher water prices would raise costs for farms and factories, but that would be better than spending billions on shipping water round the country.
Development plans should also be rewritten with an eye to the shortage. China is building cities of a million people in the Gobi desert. That makes no sense. The government should stop boosting demand for water in places that have none.
China should also fine polluters. According to the land ministry, more than half the groundwater in northern China is too dirty for people to wash in, let alone drink, and some is so poisonous it cannot even be used in the fields. Reducing pollution would not just improve Chinese people's health, but would also do more than building any number of dams to increase available supplies of usable water.
China's engineers have performed amazing feats in the course of its development. But the water problem is best solved by its economists and environmental regulators.
Nils Gustaf Dalén ( Swedish pronunciation: [²ɡɵsːtav daˈleːn] (); 30 November 1869 – 9 December 1937) was a Swedish Nobel Laureate and industrialist, the founder of the AGA company and inventor of the AGA cooker and the Dalén light. In 1912 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for his "invention of automatic regulators for use in conjunction with gas accumulators for illuminating lighthouses and buoys".
Early years [ edit ]
Gustaf Dalén as a young engineer with his bicycle in the photo studio 1895.
Dalén was born in Stenstorp, a small village in Falköping Municipality, Västra Götaland County. He managed the family farm, which he expanded to include a market garden, a seed merchant and a dairy. In 1892 he invented a milk-fat tester to check milk quality of the milk delivered and went to Stockholm to show his new invention for Gustaf de Laval. de Laval was impressed by the self-taught Dalén and the invention and encouraged him to get a basic technical education. He was admitted to the Chalmers University of Technology where he earned his Master's degree and a Doctorate on leaving in 1896. Dalén was much the same type of inventor as Gustaf de Laval, not afraid of testing "impossible" ideas, but Dalén was much more careful with the company economy. The products should have a solid marketplace before he introduced a new product.
Career with AGA [ edit ]
In 1906 Dalén became chief engineer at the Gas Accumulator Company (manufacturer and distributor of acetylene) and in 1909 when AGA was founded, he was appointed the managing director for the company. During his life, AGA was one of the most innovative companies in Sweden and produced a large variety of products that grew every year. Finally in the early 1970s AGA was forced to reduce the number of markets it was involved in and concentrate on the production of gases for industrial use.
In 1909 he ascended to the position of Managing Director of the renamed company Svenska Aktiebolaget Gasaccumulator (AGA). AGA developed lighthouses using Dalén's products. In 1910 the company bought a large real estate in Lidingö and built a production plant that was completed around 1912, when they moved out from the facilities in Stockholm.
Dalen light [ edit ]
The AGA lighthouse "Blockhusudden" close to Stockholm, initially set up in 1912. When the lighthouse was electrified in 1980 it was determined that the sun valve had been working continuously since 1912 without the need for an overhaul.
Initially Dalén worked with acetylene (IUPAC: ethyne), a flammable and sometimes explosive hydrocarbon gas. Dalén invented Agamassan (Aga), a substrate used to absorb the gas allowing safe storage and hence commercial exploitation.
Acetylene produced an ultra-bright white light which superseded the less bright LPG as the fuel of choice for lighthouse illumination.
Dalén exploited the new fuel, developing the Dalén light which incorporated another invention, the sun valve. This device allowed the light to operate only at night, conserving fuel, and extending their service life to over a year.
The 'Dalen Flasher' was a device that, except for a small pilot light, only consumed gas during the flash stage. This reduced gas consumption by more than 90%. The AGA lighthouse equipment worked without any type of electric supply and was thus extremely reliable.
To a rugged coastal area like Scandinavia, his mass-produced, robust, minimal maintenance buoys were a significant boon to safety and livelihood. AGA Lighthouses covered the entire Panama Canal.
AGA cooker [ edit ]
In 1922 he patented his invention of the AGA cooker. Most of the testing for the cooker was made in his private kitchen in his Villa Ekbacken that was built when AGA moved to Lidingö in 1912 but that he never actually had a chance to see with his own eyes. His family helped him with the development work, checking temperatures, airflow etc., as the development work proceeded.
Personal life [ edit ]
His parents were Anders and Lovisa Dalén. He married Elma Persson in 1901. They had four children, two daughters and two sons;
Maja, married Silfverstolpe (1904–1995)
Gunnar (1905–1970)
Anders (1907–1994)
Inga-Lisa, married Keen (1910–2006)
The accident in 1912 [ edit ]
Early in 1912, Dalén was blinded in an acetylene explosion during a test of maximum pressure for the accumulators. Later the same year he was awarded the Nobel Prize for physics. Too ill to attend the presentation, Dalén had his brother, ophthalmologist Professor Albin Dalén of the Caroline Institute, stand in his place.
The presentation speech praised the quality of sacrificing personal safety in scientific experimentation, a compliment that compared Dalén with Nobel himself. Despite his blindness, Dalén controlled AGA until his death in 1937. He received over 100 patents during his lifetime.
Honours and awards [ edit ]
Nobel Prize for Physics 1912
Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Member of the Academy of Science and Engineering
Image gallery [ edit ]
The AGA production and development center around 1920.
Some of the remaining AGA-buildings, today working as a center for small companies. The AGA head office with about 150 employees is still in some of the buildings. Photo: October 2009.
Gustaf Dalén, 1926 at the peak of his career as the managing director for AGA industry.
Villa Ekbacken, the private residence for the Dalén family, built in 1912 close to AGA production plant. Today the residence for Canada's ambassador in Sweden.
Gustaf Dalén and his wife Elma, outside Villa Ekbacken, 1937.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
How can you be an "ex-feminist"? Please explain that to me.
about two years ago, when I was around 14, I was a hardcore feminist. I believed in the wage gap, rape culture, patriarchy, societal pressures on women, #killallmen, #teachmennottorape, all that jazz. then I stumbled upon an anti feminist blog and out of curiosity I started reading. I realized that many of those things I listed above are completely fabricated or made up, they are harmful and hateful towards men, and are straight up illogical (in the case of “teach men not to rape”, such bs). basically I was a feminist and then I saw the real world and stopped feeling like a victim. I'm an ex feminist because I used to be a feminist and now I'm not anymore
Exclusive Google has murdered the AdSense account run by one of the web's most influential anti-Scientology sites.
Yesterday, the search giant cut off all ads served to Enturbulation, a fledgling site dedicated to promoting activism against the Church of Scientology and all its related organizations. This could have something do with the nature of the ads Google was serving. Many of the Google-driven ads funding the anti-Scientology site were paid for by the Church of Scientology.
"While going through our records recently, we found that your AdSense account has posed a significant risk to our Google Ads advertisers," read Google's letter to Enturbulation, a kind of home base for the now famous Anonymous movement. "Since keeping your account in our publisher network may financially damage our advertisers in the future, we've decided to disable your account."
Of course, it's not Enturbulation's fault that Google was serving the site pro-Scientology ads. AdSense automatically chooses ads based on a site's content. And like any AdSense advertiser, the Church of Scientology has the power to ban its ads from individual domains.
Google did not respond to our requests for comment. But it should be noted that the company's new AdSense policies say that partner sites may not include "advocacy against any individual, group, or organization."
That said, Google's terms and conditions also prohibit "any action or practice that reflects poorly on Google or otherwise disparages or devalues Google's reputation or goodwill." And this isn't always enforced. The Register, for instance, is an AdSense user, and it doesn't always champion Google's every move.
It should also be noted that the Church of Scientology wouldn't actually pay for ads posted to Enturbulation unless someone clicked on them. The question is whether the site's users would be interested in doing so. We leave that question to you.
Meanwhile, Enturbulation may lose between $400 and $500 a month in ad revenue.
Google's crackdown on Enturbulation's AdSense account follows similar actions by its YouTube subsidiary. Last month, the world's most popular video site vaporized an account run by Mark Bunker, a well-known TV journalist/anti-Scientology activist.
YouTube said it destroyed Bunker's video channel because he'd already had an account suspended for violations of site policy. But it seems this rule does not apply to the Church of Scientology. ®
Vettel explains decision to guard private life
Sebastian Vettel has explained his decision to fiercely shield his private life from the world's glare.
His approach to fame and fortune is starkly different to fellow multiple world champion Lewis Hamilton, who is constantly on the red carpet and uploading personal photos to Instagram.
“My lifestyle is nothing like Hamilton's,” the Ferrari driver told El Pais. “But everyone is free to live their life as they like. At the moment I'm very busy with what I'm doing (in F1) because Ferrari is not yet where we want it to be.”
That is not to say that Vettel, 28, does not have a private life. Indeed, and almost completely unknown to the wider world, the quadruple world champion and his partner Hanna recently welcomed their second baby daughter.
Many people only realised the news about Vettel's second child when television cameras recently overheard a private conversation between him and Ferrari president Sergio Marchionne.
“Matilda!” Marchionne exclaimed. “Your first one?”
“Second,” Vettel replied.
Asked by El Pais why he chooses to keep his private life so private, he explained: “There are people who respect you and people who do not.
“I am a sportsman, nothing more. Obviously, when you're on the grid and the stands are filled and people encourage you with your flag or Ferrari's flag, that's one thing, but my private life is something else.
“It does not necessarily have to be linked to my work. That's how I see it anyway,” Vettel added.
Sturgeon: Scotland will keep the pound and apply for full EU membership
Sturgeon: Scotland will keep the pound and apply for full EU membership
Nicola Sturgeon has said an independent Scotland would keep the pound because it is "our currency as much as it is the currency of anywhere else".
Scotland's First Minister told Sophy Ridge on Sunday that sticking with sterling would be the "starting point" if the country voted for independence.
However, she also insisted she would apply for full membership of the EU - which would mean Scotland would be pressed into adopting the euro.
Image: Nicola Sturgeon said there 'was no queue' for joining the EU
Ms Sturgeon said: "The starting point for consideration is that Scotland would use the pound.
"It's our currency, it's a fully tradeable international currency; but as I am sure you know I have a growth committee right now looking at a plan for the economic future of Scotland, but also looking in detail at currency options for Scotland."
She added: "The starting point of our considerations is that Scotland uses the pound, it is our currency as much as it is the currency of anywhere else..."
PM tells Sturgeon 'now is not the time' for Scottish independence referendum
:: PM tells Sturgeon: 'now is not the time' for referendum
It comes after former first minister Alex Salmond suggested an independent Scotland might ditch the pound.
In an interview last week, he also ruled out joining the euro and said that the country could establish its own currency.
During the 2014 Scottish independence campaign, Mr Salmond vowed Scotland would keep the pound if it left the EU and came unstuck on the issue during a TV debate with Alistair Darling.
Not all EU countries have joined the euro.
Some enjoy an opt-out, including Sweden, Denmark and the UK, but Scotland would not continue to enjoy this if it joined in its own right.
Scottish Labour: We can't support a referendum before Brexit
New members are asked to "take on and implement effectively the obligations of membership, including adherence to the aims of political, economic and monetary union" as a condition of joining.
Last week, Spain's foreign minister Alfonso Dastis warned a newly independent Scotland "would have to join the queue, meet the requirements, go through the recognised negotiating system and the end result will be whatever those negotiations produce".
Ms Sturgeon insisted that she was not at the "back of the queue" for joining the EU, telling Sky's Sophy Ridge there "was no queue" for joining.
She also dismissed claims that people in Scotland did not want another referendum after being promised the 2014 vote was "once in a generation".
May and Sturgeon: What HAS gone wrong?
The First Minister said the Brexit vote represented a "material change" that allowed her to bring forward a new independence referendum.
She said she had "tried very, very hard to compromise with Theresa May over the past number of months" but that she had met with a government "not willing to enter into that discussion".
Mrs May has told Ms Sturgeon "now is not the time" for a second independence referendum. The First Minister proposes a vote should be held before spring 2019.
However, Ms Sturgeon said she was willing to be flexible on the timetable.
Scottish Tories to be 'face' of Unionist campaign
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said she was "furious that Sturgeon thinks my remain vote is a green light to independence".
Also speaking on the Sophy Ridge on Sunday programme, she said that the people of Scotland did not want another referendum.
Ms Davidson added that Theresa May had included a number of Ms Sturgeon's concerns in her 12-point plan for negotiating Brexit with the EU.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Even starting salaries for medical careers have fallen
Starting salaries for graduate jobs have fallen overall over the past five years, research suggests.
Research for the Complete University Guide says graduate starting salaries in professional posts dropped 11%, to £21,702 in real terms, in 2007-12.
The research, based on official statistics, shows that this decline is continuing and perhaps increasing.
Graduate starting salaries fell 4% in real terms in 2005-10, according to the guide.
Medicine and dentistry - which had the highest starting salaries in 2007 - experienced reductions of 15% and 9% respectively.
There were also shifts in the graduate premium - the difference between starting salaries in graduate-level and other employment.
'Financial returns'
Building showed the greatest increase in the gap between graduates entering professional-type jobs and those in non-graduate employment.
A building graduate taking up a graduate-level job in 2007 would have had a £4,045 advantage over a fellow student entering non-graduate work, when adjusted for inflation. By 2012, the differential had increased to £7,174, a rise of 77%.
The average for all subjects, where there were sufficient numbers to be analysed, remained level between 2007 and 2012. But the differential, after adjustment for inflation, actually fell marginally from £6,732 to £6,717.
Only two subject areas - materials technology, and librarianship and information management - showed an increase in starting salaries, of 13% and 3% respectively.
In all other subject areas where there was sufficient data for analysis, starting salaries fell - from 2% for general engineering, and by as much as 25% for Middle Eastern and African studies.
'Earning potential'
Dr Bernard Kingston, the guide's principal author, said: "These figures show a continuing decline in the graduate premium across many subjects, and must be a concern to students when choosing what to study at university when tuition fees of up to £9,000 a year in England and Wales.
"It is helpful for young people considering which subject to choose to see how their earning potential for the occupations for which they may qualify changes over a short time.
"While financial returns should not be the only consideration, they are becoming more important, whether we like it or not. However, with a volatile labour market, it is difficult to predict the future for any particular subject."
A Department for Business, Innovation and Skills spokesman said: "A degree is still one of the best routes to a good job and a rewarding career. Typically those with a degree earn considerably more over their lifetime, an estimated £165,000 for men and £250,000 for women.
"The increased number of graduates has been met by increased demand from employers which is why last year the chancellor made an historic commitment to remove the cap on the number of people who could go to university by 2015-16."
Last week research suggested that many of today's students would still be repaying their student debts when they reach their 50s.
Nokia today tweeted an image featuring two Lumia 1020s: one shows off the back of the device and the other are facing forward, running Instagram for Windows Phone. Unfortunately, there's still no date of availability for the hightly-anticipated app as Nokia merely echoed the frustrating “coming weeks” timeframe.
You did it! Thanks to you, Instagram is arriving on Nokia #Lumia in the coming weeks. RT if you're excited! pic.twitter.com/tR3YnNnBYA — Nokia USA (@NokiaUS) October 28, 2013
During Nokia's Lumia tablet and smartphone event in Abu Dhabi last week, Instagram CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrom revealed the app most Windows Phone users have been eagerly waiting for is finally coming. It looks like Nokia and Instagram are building up a very strong relationship; notice the tweet doesn't even mention “Windows Phone” and just touts Nokia's Lumia brand.
See also – Instagram for Windows Phone is finally official: Will arrive in the ‘coming weeks'
Top Image Credit: Krzysztof Szkurlatowski
Read next: Cloud Cannon's CMS for Web designers goes freemium
America's greatest journalism show Fox & Friends had Newt Gingrich on this morning to discuss, among other things, Obama's call for "prayer" in last night's speech. Wasn't it offensive for this notorious God-hating monster to suddenly ask for His help?
You can tell it's going to be a great episode of Fox & Friends when a guest like Newt Gingrich — an amoral, lying, duplicitous fearmonger who has no problem telling the masses that Obama is trying to destroy Christianity if doing such a thing could ever-so-modestly improve his position with 2012 primary voters — has to play the judicious Christian "moderate" to balance the hosts' insanity.
In this clip we have Brian Kilmeade replaying Obama's terribly controversial God-ish line from last night: "We pray for the people of the Gulf, and we pray that a hand may guide us through the storm towards a greater day." Complemented by the amazing headline "PRESIDENT'S RELIGIOUS SPEECH: MAKES MULTIPLE REFERENCES TO CHURCH, GOD," an important discussion ensues:
KILMEADE: Alright, Mr. Speaker, what do you think of that? GINGRICH: Well, I hope he means it. [...] I'm sad that it took a crisis of this scale, but I'm delighted that the president has recognized that we in fact all are subordinate to a larger God and that we need to seek guidance from that God. [GRETCHEN] CARLSON: But Mr. Speaker, did you find it at all disingenuous, because some people are analyzing that this morning as saying it was disingenuous from a president who does not go to Church on a regular basis? GINGRICH: [...] If he's prepared to publicly recognize God, maybe we should encourage him to do it more often.
Disingenuous! Was it disingenuous for Obama to say "let's all pray for the fucked Gulf people who are really fucked" because he doesn't go to church every week? she asks.
This does not go nearly far enough. Possible follow-ups for tomorrow:
Is Obama the biggest asshole on Earth since dinosaurs?
Is Obama disingenuous for breathing oxygen and then exhaling carbon dioxide, so as to "live," godlessly?
Has Obama ever walked by a church and not thrown Molotov cocktails through its best stained glass windows?
Why was Obama smashing pictures and action figures of Jesus Christ with his red Communist hammer throughout the entire speech last night, which he delivered from a radical mosque?
Etc.
The “dispersant” chemicals used by oil giant BP to deal with the aftermath of 2010's Deepwater Horizon oil spill may have done more harm than good, according to media reports sparked by a Newsweek story this week.
BP purchased a third of the world's supply of the chemicals, Corexit 9500 and 9527, after the disaster released 210 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico. The dispersants are designed to break up the oil into tiny spheres, which then sink to the bottom of the ocean, preventing the oil from reaching the shore and damaging coastal properties and wildlife.
At the time, BP defended the use of the chemicals, characterizing them as safe as dishwashing liquid; and pointed to studies showing the dispersants have no carcinogenic effects. But Newsweek reports that BP disregarded instructions for workers to use protective gear when handling the chemicals, and one employee told Newsweek that protective gear was not used because it would look bad to the media. Now employees are complaining of a myriad of health effects caused by the dispersants.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
This month, the Government Accountability Project (GAP) released a report stating that the health affects of the dispersants went well beyond BP employees, sickening local residents and scientists studying the spill. The report, based on interviews with whistleblowers, accuses BP of intentionally lying about the potential health effects of Corexit, and failing to distribute safety information to its employees, amongst other charges; and supports the contention that BP felt the use of safety gear would harm its public image.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
According to GAP, a Washington, DC-based public interest group, the health problems linked to the dispersants include “blood in urine; heart palpitations; kidney damage; liver damage; migraines; multiple chemical sensitivity; neurological damage resulting in memory loss; rapid weight loss; respiratory system and nervous system damage; seizures; skin irritation, burning and lesions; and temporary paralysis.”
No clear scientific link between the dispersant chemicals and these symptoms has been established.
Environmentalists allege that when dispersant is added to oil, it renders the oil more “bioavailable” to marine plants and animals, increasing absorption of the oil into the biomass. Toxicologist William Sawyer, as quoted by the Huffington Post, claims that Corexit contains “deodorized kerosene,” which he says poses “potential health risks to volunteers, workers, sea turtles, dolphins, breathing reptiles and all species which need to surface for air exchanges, as well as birds and all other mammals.” Sawyer says that tests show the absorption of petroleum hydrocarbon into the tissues of edible fish and shellfish in the Gulf has been “enhanced” by the Corexit.
BP has yet to issue a response to the GAP report, or to the Newsweek article.
Sources: Addicting Info, Crooks and Liars, Daily Beast, Whistleblower.org, HuffPo,OV, Wikipedia
undefined
Introduction
Welcome back to my series on how Tor works! In the last post, we took a look at how Tor operates from a very high level. In this post, we'll dive a bit deeper, taking a look at a potential issue with relays in order to introduce a new concept: bridges.
Relay Recap
In the last post, we introduced relays as systems designed to move traffic in the Tor network. You'll recall that there were three types of relays:
Entry/Guard Relays - Entry points into the Tor network
- Entry points into the Tor network Middle Relays - Send traffic from an entry relay to an exit relay
- Send traffic from an entry relay to an exit relay Exit Relays - Send the traffic out of the Tor network to the original destination
Relays are created by volunteers by simply configuring the Tor software to act as a relay. As a reminder, if you have bandwidth to spare, consider setting up a Tor relay!
The Problem With Relays
When a Tor client starts up, it needs a way to fetch a list of all the entry, middle, and exit relays available. This list of all relays isn't a secret. In fact, in the next post I'll explain in detail how this list is distributed (for a sneak peek check out documents on the concensus). While making this list public is necessary, it also presents a problem.
To figure out why this is problem, let's play the role of the attacker and ask ourselves: What Would an Oppressive Government Do (WWOGD)?. By thinking to ourselves what a real OG would do, we can figure out why Tor is built the way it is.
So what would a real OG do? Since censorship is a pretty big deal, and Tor is pretty darn good at getting around it, a real OG would want to block users from using Tor. There are two ways to “block Tor users”:
Block users coming out of Tor
Block users going into Tor
The first situation is possible, and is up to the discretion of the device (router, etc.) or website owner. All a site owner needs to do is to download the list of Tor exit nodes and block all traffic from those nodes. While this would be unfortunate, there's nothing Tor can really do about it.
However, the second situation is much worse. While blocking incoming Tor users can keep them from a particular site, blocking users from going into Tor will keep them from every site, making Tor effectively useless to those under censorship - some of the users who need Tor most. Just using relays, this is possible since real OG's can just download a list of all guard relays and block any traffic to them.
Thankfully, the Tor project thought of exactly this situation and came up with a clever solution around it. Say hello to bridges.
Introducing Bridges
Bridges are a clever solution to this problem. At their core, bridges are just unpublished entry relays. Users that are behind censored networks can use bridges as a way to access the Tor network.
So if bridges are unpublished, how do users know where they are? Won't a master list need to be published somewhere? We'll talk more about these master lists of relays and bridges in the next post, but for now the answer is yes - there is a list of bridges maintained by the Tor project.
This list just isn't made public.
Instead, the Tor project has created a way for users to receive a small list of bridges so that they can connect to the rest of the Tor network. This project, called BridgeDB gives users the information about a few bridges at a time. This makes sense, since a few bridges should be all any user needs.
By only giving users a few bridges at a time, it is possible to prevent OG's from blocking all possible entry points into the Tor network. Sure, as relays are discovered they can be blocked, but can anyone really discover all the bridges?
Can Anyone Find Every Bridge?
The list of all bridges is a closely guarded secret. If a real OG were able to gain access to this list, it would be able to completely block users from using Tor. With this being the case, there has been research done by the Tor project into possible ways people could discover all the bridges.
I'd like to talk very briefly about #2 and #6 on that list, since that's exactly what researchers have done with some significant success. In the first scenario, researchers scanned the entire IPv4 space using a fast port scanner called ZMap looking for Tor bridges and “were able to identify 79–86%”1 of them. I recommend reading the paper for the really cool technical details (about finding Tor bridges and ZMap in general).
The second scenario is a neat one and introduces an important challenge for Tor (or any network for that matter). It all comes down to a simple concept - users can't be trusted. In order to keep the Tor network as anonymous and locked down as possible, the Tor network is designed in such a way to intentionally distrust relay operators. We'll see more examples of this later.
Next Steps
In this post, we've talked about the need for relays that aren't published in some “master list”. But, you'll notice I didn't give many details about how this master list is created, or how Tor clients get access to the list.
So, in our next post, we'll take a look at how the Tor network maintains the status of all relays in the network. We'll also introduce some very powerful relays in the Tor network who run the show - directory authorities.
As always, please let me know if you have any questions or comments below!
Update: Part three - “The Consensus” has been published!
-Jordan (@jw_sec)
[1] https://zmap.io/paper.pdf
Around The League predicts the Week 1 starting lineups for all 32 teams, analyzing the potential impact of each rookie class. Click here for the complete series breakdown.
» The Broncos' offense might only have six Super Bowl starters in the same spot as they were on that fateful night in New Jersey, but the group doesn't look any worse overall.
» Montee Ball will replace Knowshon Moreno as the starting running back. While that trade-off works, we'd be a little worried about who will replace Ball as an impactful backup. Denver's decision to bypass the position in free agency and the draft shows a lot of faith in Ball. (And Ronnie Hillman.)
» Changes on the offensive line should be for the better. Ryan Clady returns to left tackle. His surprisingly effective replacement Chris Clark now should upgrade right tackle, with Super Bowl struggler Orlando Franklin moving to guard.
» The loss of Eric Decker shouldn't be that impactful. Emmanuel Sanders should replace much of Decker's production, and rookie second-round pick Cody Latimer will be a very talented No. 4 receiver. This should remain the highest-scoring offense in the league.
» First-round pick Bradley Roby is a gifted cornerback that will take Champ Bailey's spot in the lineup. The offseason additions of DeMarcus Ware and T.J. Ward, plus a return to health for underrated cornerback Chris Harris, makes this a vastly improved starting group. They are clearly the AFC favorites for the Super Bowl.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" predicts 2014 starting lineups and talks insider goodness with Bucky Brooks.
Several correctional officers in Alberta have been hospitalized after accidental exposure to fentanyl during searches, and their union is concerned the next incident could be fatal.
In July, seven correctional officers at two institutions were exposed to the highly toxic drug, and three of them were hospitalized after receiving Narcan, a medicine used to treat opioid overdoses, the Union of Canadian Correctional Officers says.
"We've had some significant exposures, some officers have been sent to hospital in an ambulance," said Ryan DeBack, a vice-president with the union.
"It's a huge problem."
Fentanyl is so potent, a dose the size of a grain or two of sand can be fatal. Adding to the potential danger for prison staff, the union says, is the fact fentanyl is often mixed with other drugs and can be inhaled accidentally or absorbed through the skin.
Bowden officer rushed to hospital
The latest incident took place at the Bowden Institution, located 120 km north of Calgary, on July 21, when a correctional officer was searching a vehicle in the parking lot, according to a source.
Despite wearing a surgical-type mask and gloves, the correctional officer was exposed to what's believed to be fentanyl. Co-workers administered Narcan after the officer lost consciousness.
EMS confirmed a prison official in his late 20s was taken to hospital in Innisfail.
"People are wondering, 'When's the next time that my co-worker or even myself are going to go down?'" said DeBack.
Fentanyl being mailed to inmates
Last month at the Edmonton Institution, six officers were exposed to what is believed to be fentanyl while searching inmates' mail.
At least two doses of Narcan were administered and two officers were hospitalized, according to DeBack.
In June, officers intercepted a shipment of fentanyl worth $13,000 destined for an Edmonton Institution inmate.
"It's so prevalent among the drug culture … this stuff is everywhere," DeBack said. "And unfortunately our clientele that we watch over is not exactly at times known for their sound judgment."
New fentanyl protocol in prisons
DeBack says the union is working with Correctional Service Canada to implement practices and policies that will mitigate the risks officers face.
The correctional service refused to do an interview but did provide a written statement to CBC News saying employee safety is a "fundamental priority."
"Despite all the best precautions, there may be rare occasions when someone is accidentally exposed to fentanyl or other highly toxic substances."
The correctional service says it issued a protocol last month to its front-line staff concerning the handling, testing, storage and disposal of fentanyl.
Latex gloves, surgical-style masks and safety goggles are provided to those front-line workers.
Union concerned next accidental exposure could be fatal 0:17
'How do we do our jobs effectively?'
But DeBack says Narcan needs to be more readily available to officers, and that lessening the pressure to conduct speedy searches could also improve workplace safety.
But it's hard to know when fentanyl is present, which means it's hard to identify situations that should trigger lockdowns, slower, more careful searches and heavier safety gear.
"How do we do our jobs effectively? How do we protect the inmates, how do we protect the Canadian public without us being seriously injured or worse?" asked DeBack, who said it's not feasible for officers to do their job wearing biohazard or Tyvek suits on a regular basis.
By Simon Hradecky, created Wednesday, Apr 18th 2012 14:47Z, last updated Wednesday, Apr 18th 2012 14:47Z A Firefly Avion de Regional Transport ATR-72-500, flight FY-3609 from Koh Samui (Thailand) to Kuala Lumpur Subang (Malaysia) with 70 passengers, was taxiing for departure when captain and second officer at the flight deck began to engage in a debate. While the aircraft lined up for departure on runway 17, flaps in takeoff position, shouting from the flight deck was heard in the passenger cabin. The initial takeoff run appeared sluggish, about halfway down the runway engines were accelerated, the takeoff acceleration returned to normal and the aircraft rotated safely off the runway, shouting continued throughout the takeoff run. While climbing out of the runway flaps and gear were retracted, shouting still continued, at about 1500 feet AGL the aircraft rolled slightly right followed by pronounced roll to the left to beyond 45 degrees of bank, the aircraft lost about 500 feet of height before the wing rolled sharply level and the aircraft recovered from the dive. While shouting still continued on the flight deck the flight set course to Kuala Lumpur, about 15 minutes after departure the shouting ceased. The aircraft landed safely in Kuala Lumpur about 2 hours after departure.
An aviation professional on board of the aircraft reported he heard the shouting throughout takeoff and departure for about 15 minutes. The takeoff run appeared sluggish initially, engines were accelerated about halfway into the takeoff and a normal rotation and initial climb occurred, the aircraft was cleaned and reached about 1500 feet AGL in clean configuration, when the aircraft rolled slightly right followed by a pronounced roll to the left definitely beyond 45 degrees of bank, probably around about 60 degrees of bank. The body weight was nearly completely lost during that time, he saw out of the window and felt that the aircraft settled in a spiral dive losing an estimated 500 feet of height before the aircraft snap rolled wings level within a second. Shouting subsided about 15 minutes after departure. Besides the shouting he was not able to hear any other cockpit sounds including aural alarms or stick shaker. The professional filed reports with the airline, Malaysia's DCA and the aircraft manufacturer, only the airline replied stating they take the incident very seriously and both pilots have been suspended but offering no further explanation of the events.
Another passenger reported he heard shouting from the flight deck during takeoff and believed the aircraft had been hijacked. The takeoff run was rather slow, engines accelerated during the run and the aircraft became eventually airborne. During the climb the aircraft rolled slightly right then rolled steeply left, he lost about 80% of his body weight at that time. The aircraft then rolled right to wing level, the weight returned to about twice his body weight. The shouting on the flight deck continued for about 15 minutes.
The airline told The Aviation Herald: We deeply regret and apologise for any distress experienced by our passengers and would like to make the following clarifications. After a thorough investigation, it has been concluded that while taxing and during take-off from Koh Samui International Airport, there was a crew resource management failure by Captain in charge which resulted in a "high powered" communication exchange in the cockpit between Captain and the Second Officer. This failure had lead to the events which took place during the flight however at no time did the aircraft stall. The Captain initiated the necessary corrective measures and the flight continued on to its destination without further incident and landed safely and securely in Subang. We would like to put on record that this form of communication is not tolerated by Firefly management. These findings were established during the Technical / Fact Finding Inquiry that was held to investigate this incident, which in turn made the recommendations for the appropriate action to be taken against the pilots and crew to ensure that this does not happen again. The Captain is no longer serving with Firefly. Once again, we would like to express our sincere apologies to all passengers on FY3609.
The airline did not follow up on questions that arose out this statement, that permits interpretations like the spiral dive was caused by the crew, unintentionally or even intentionally.
Malaysia's Directorate of Civil Aviation (DCA) chose to not respond to the aviation professional's and The Aviation Herald's reports and questions.
Released Version 3.14
Made the following enhancements to improve R7RS support:
Updated the parser for strings, symbols, and character literals. The reader now understands Unicode hex values, strings and symbols now allow mnemonic and numeric escape sequences, and the list of named characters has been extended.
Added support for the => syntax to the case conditional.
syntax to the conditional. Added cond-expand syntax to statically expand different expressions depending upon whether features are present in the Scheme implementation. This could help allow the same code to work in husk as well as other R 7 RS implementations.
syntax to statically expand different expressions depending upon whether features are present in the Scheme implementation. This could help allow the same code to work in husk as well as other R RS implementations. Added an optional second argument to log to allow specifying the base.
to allow specifying the base. Added the following functions: nan? , finite? , infinite? , exact-integer? , exact? , inexact? , square , boolean=? , symbol=? , read-line , flush-output-port , eof-object .
, , , , , , , , , , , . Added support for include , letrec* , syntax-error , unless , and when syntax.
Added a library to compute simple random numbers, based on this Stack Overflow answer:
(import (husk random)) (random num) ; Seed the RNG (random) ; Random number from 0 to 1 (randint lo hi) ; Generate random integer between lo (optional) and hi
<< More news and updates
Andy Carroll is suffering with whiplash at the end of a week which saw him score a spectacular goal against Crystal Palace
Slaven Bilic has revealed Andy Carroll is a doubt for West Ham's trip to Middlesbrough after suffering a whiplash injury.
The striker scored a spectacular, acrobatic scissor kick during last weekend's 3-0 win over Crystal Palace.
But at the end of the match he was feeling a problem with his neck and had to sit out training earlier this week.
We take a look back at some of the best Premier League overhead kicks after Andy Carroll's brilliant effort against Crystal Palace. We take a look back at some of the best Premier League overhead kicks after Andy Carroll's brilliant effort against Crystal Palace.
Manager Slaven Bilic was surprised by the unusual diagnosis, but still expects his big frontman to be fit for the trip to Teesside.
"He's got a whiplash injury, that's what I was told from the physios," said Bilic.
"Then I went to the dictionary basically to find out what that is. It was a sore neck, but hopefully he will be okay.
Here's a look at some of the best goals from Gameweek 21, featuring Andy Carroll, Harry Kane and Marko Arnautovic. Here's a look at some of the best goals from Gameweek 21, featuring Andy Carroll, Harry Kane and Marko Arnautovic.
"It was at the end of the game, I don't know how he got it.
"He then trained Tuesday very hard, he was brilliant in training, but then reported some neck pain. But as I say, hopefully he will be okay.
Watch Paul Merson's reaction to Andy Carroll's goal against Crystal Palace as the West Ham target man scored a sensational overhead kick Watch Paul Merson's reaction to Andy Carroll's goal against Crystal Palace as the West Ham target man scored a sensational overhead kick
"We have a few with knocks - Winston Reid has a painful one and Sam Byram has a knock on his knee, it was swollen and he missed training on Wednesday.
West Ham 3-0 Crystal Palace West Ham 3-0 Crystal Palace
"Also Sofiane Feghouli missed training on Wednesday because of a minor problem with his Achilles.
"But I'm very optimistic that all of them are going to be fit for the game on Saturday."
© Copyright RFEF - It is strictly forbidden to partially or fully use the photographic content without express authorization by the RFEF.
Vicente del Bosque has unveiled the provisional list of players who will attend the World Cup. The National Team Manager will announce the final list on May 25th
Team Player Real Madrid C.F. Iker Casillas S.S.C. Napoli Reina Manchester United De Gea Chelsea F.C. Azpilicueta F.C.Barcelona Piqué Real Madrid C.F. Sergio Ramos F.C.Barcelona Jordi Alba Sevilla F.C. Alberto Moreno F.C. Bayern München Javi Martínez S.S.C. Napoli Albiol C. Atlético de Madrid SAD Juanfran Real Madrid C.F. Carvajal F.C. Barcelona Busquets Real Madrid C.F. Xabi Alonso C. Atlético de Madrid SAD Koke Athletic Club de Bilbao Iturraspe F.C. Barcelona Xavi Hernández F.C. Bayern München Thiago Alcántara F.C. Barcelona Pedro Manchester City Navas Manchester City Silva F.C. Barcelona Cesc Manchester United Mata Arsenal F.C. Cazorla F.C. Barcelona Iniesta Club Atlético de Madrid Diego Costa Club Atlético de Madrid Villa Chelsea F.C. Torres Manchester City Negredo Juventus F.C. Llorente The National coach will announce the final list on May 25th. According to the FIFA regulations, a player from the final squad can only be replaced up to 24 hours prior to his country's first group game if he suffers a serious injury, which must be confirmed by FIFA's Medical Committee. The replacement player does not have to be selected from the provisional 30-man party.
A coral specialist from the Netherlands has reported the discovery of a new coral species that lives on the ceilings of caves in Indo-Pacific coral reefs.
Reef corals in shallow tropical seas normally need the symbiotic algae for their survival and growth. Without these algae, many coral reefs would not exist. During periods of elevated seawater temperature, most reef corals lose their algae, which is visible as a dramatic whitening of the reefs, a coral disease known as bleaching.
Most reef corals generally do not occur over 40 m depth, a twilight zone where sunlight is not bright anymore, but some species are exceptional and may even occur much deeper. At greater depths, seawater is generally colder and corals here may be less susceptible to bleaching than those at shallower depths.
The new coral, named Leptoseris troglodyta, was described in a paper in the journal ZooKeys by Dr Bert Hoeksema of Naturalis Biodiversity Center in Leiden. The word troglodyta is derived from ancient Greek and means ‘one who dwells in holes,' a cave dweller.
L. troglodyta differs from its closest relatives by its small polyp size and by the absence of symbiotic algae, so-called zooxanthellae. Its distribution range overlaps with the Coral Triangle, an area that is famous for its high marine species richness.
The discovery sheds new light on the relation of reef corals with symbiotic algae. The new species has adapted to a life without them. Consequently, it may not grow fast, which would be convenient because space is limited on cave ceilings.
_______
Bibliographic information: Hoeksema BW. 2012. Forever in the dark: the cave-dwelling azooxanthellate reef coral Leptoseris troglodyta sp. n. (Scleractinia, Agariciidae). ZooKeys 228: 21; doi: 10.3897/zookeys.228.3798
Win the war and make big savings:
I was wandering around aimlessly at work the other day when I saw a group of co-workers watching a video of some war footage in Afghanistan. It was a good opportunity to be unproductive, so naturally I stood there and watched. The video was in black and white, and was shot from the point of view of the gunship as it fired explosive rounds at people. There was a little cross hair on the screen, and you could hear chatter of the pilot as he dropped the bombs. Every time the pilot clicked the trigger button, it resulted in an explosion a few seconds later. They were literally firing thousands of rounds per minute, easily using hundreds of thousands of dollars in ammunition on people; not tanks, not turrets, not even jeeps, but people. So this gave me an idea: rather than using $100,000 worth of ammo, why don't we take $100,000, convert it to pennies, then drop the pennies on people instead? You could get 10 million pennies for $100,000, which should be able to fill at least 40 bags full of pennies. Thus we could drop bags of pennies more frequently than bombs, which could mean big savings for our military. Hell, you don't even have to drop them in bags to kill people. You could tape the pennies together 10 at a time and drop them from a height of 5,000 feet and kill damn near everything on the ground (and in a war on terrorism, this is exactly what you'd want to do). I call it: operation penny-drop. It's the perfect way to win a war. Even the hippies won't be bitching because after the war is over and we've killed all the terrorists, the people who are still alive can rebuild their country by picking the pennies from the skulls of the dead people. Not only will we have won the war, but we don't even have to worry about paying war reparations. It's the perfect plan because everybody wins. We kill all the evil terrorists, and give them some of our own currency to rebuild their country with. Eventually when we open the first Starbucks in their country, we won't even have to worry about currency exchange because they can use the left-over money to buy beverages, and let's face it, who could resist an ice cold frappuccino after a long war? The military probably won't consider this idea because it's too good. Realistically, the military will probably continue to drop traditional bombs. However, it's a well-known fact that a percentage of bombs we drop every year won't detonate. When we're talking about bombs that cost over $100,000, that could add up quickly, so what can we do in case the bombs don't go off? Simple: strap bombs to the back of german shepherds:
The idea is that if the bomb doesn't go off, and the german shepherd's back doesn't break, then the enemy would be in for a nasty surprise when they'd try to retrieve our weapons. Sure a few dogs would die as collateral damage, but it would totally be worth it to see the expression on the terrorist's face when they get attacked by our german shepherds. The CIA could capture this with spy satellites and put together a "Terrorist Bloopers" video, which could mean more money for our military. I can't believe nobody thought of this idea until now.
708,777 military commanders think these ideas rule and are considering deploying operation penny-drop.
© 1997-2017 by Maddox
Every football season, Clemson holds its military appreciation day. Today was supposed to be a special day. Afghanistan and Iraq veteran Daniel Rodriguez - a Purple Heart winner and now member of the football team - was supposed to lead the team in its iconic entrance to the field. Veterans were supposed to stand while the band played their portion of the Armed Forces Medley. Fans were supposed to honor Rodriguez and the rest of the people who have fought so hard to protect this country.
Instead, a not-insignificant portion of the crowd led an embarrassing display. As members of the Clemson ROTC took their oath - the one that binds them to uphold the Constitution and risk their lives to defend America against her enemies - the fans couldn't help themselves. When that oath mentioned the "President of the United States," the crowd let go an embarrassing sound that will sully the reputation of this wonderful school. Thousands of people booed the President while a Marine led a ceremony to swear-in young men and women who will fight in our nation's wars.
There is no honor in that display. It is the type of ignorant showmanship that often passes for "patriotism" where I am from. Clemson has seen its academic profile rise, as SAT scores have gone up and the school has climbed public university rankings. Many days, I am a proud Clemson alumnus. Today I am embarrassed to be associated with a school and a fan base that would dare to disparage the President of the United States during a ceremonial military oath. Those people are cowards and they sullied an otherwise inspiring moment for brave men and women who have chosen to serve their country under the Commander-in-Chief.
Note to my fellow alumni and the fans who participated in this embarrassing display - patriotism is not waving a flag. It is not marked by bold and boisterous shows of male bravado. Patriotism is service to your country and an acknowledgement of the respect due to the people who serve their country and the individuals who hold high office.
In 2002, a collection of essays appeared under the title of “Echoes and Evidences of the Book of Mormon.” John Gee's essay, “The Wrong Kind of Book,” begins by observing that critics commonly try to explain the Book of Mormon as a product of early 19th-century America, wholly explained by that environment.
“We know exactly what kind of book Joseph Smith's contemporaries expected the Book of Mormon to be like,” Gee writes, “because we have two other works from that same period that are said to be of the same general sort.”
The first is “The Book of Pukei,” a satirical sendup of the Book of Mormon published by “Obadiah Dogberry” (aka Abner Cole) in 1830. The second is Solomon Spalding's (or Spaulding's) unfinished novel “Manuscript Story,” which many 19th-century critics assumed to be Joseph Smith's plagiarized source. (A few holdouts have survived into the 21st century, but the Spalding theory essentially died when the manuscript was finally published — by members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints! — and bore little significant resemblance to the Book of Mormon.)
“Cole's and Spaulding's works fit comfortably within their early 19th-century milieu and provide a control against wild speculation about 19th-century origins for the Book of Mormon,” Gee says.
At point after point, Gee compares them to the Book of Mormon, which, he maintains, doesn't fit early America well at all.
As Cole knew, the young Joseph Smith had been hired to dig for supposed buried treasure. Accordingly, “The Book of Pukei” is heavily focused on treasure-digging. But the Book of Mormon scarcely mentions such activities.
Spalding, a much less talented contemporary of Jane Austen, devoted many pages to romance, courtship and marriage, but those themes are strikingly absent from the Book of Mormon.
Ethan Smith's 1823 “View of the Hebrews,” another source from which critics accused Joseph of borrowing, seeks to prove that “the American Indians are the ten tribes of Israel.”
The Book of Mormon, by contrast, offers no such “proofs,” and, though it features a small party traveling to the New World who're descended from the biblical patriarch Joseph, it explains that “the other tribes of the house of Israel are not of this land” (3 Nephi 15:15-16:1, 17:4).
“The setting of both 'The Book of Pukei' and 'Manuscript Story' is a world dominated by the cultural heritage of the Roman Empire,” Gee writes.
Together, the two books refer to “sheets of parchment,” Cicero's “Orations,” the Latin language and script, Constantine and characters bearing Roman names such as “Fabius.”
“View of the Hebrews” begins with a discussion of the Roman destruction of Jerusalem, based partly on classical Greek and Latin sources such as Josephus, Tacitus and Suetonius.
“The heavy Roman bias,” Gee remarks, “is typical of 19th-century America, where the Roman Republic was consciously imitated.” By contrast, the Book of Mormon opens in the ancient Near East, referring to the much earlier destruction of Jerusalem by the Babylonians. It shows little trace of the Latinate style and vocabulary in the other works.
"The Book of Pukei" and “Manuscript Story” are studded with allusions to Indian blankets, moccasins, “bark canoes,” feather headdresses and “shoes and long stockings,” none of which appear in the Book of Mormon. Ethan Smith's “View of the Hebrews” tries to demonstrate the Israelite origins of the American Indians via such features of the Old Testament as circumcision, the ark of the covenant, Levitical priests and “cities of refuge.” None of these things is mentioned in the Book of Mormon except for circumcision, which appears just once — in a letter from the prophet Mormon saying that it has been “done away” (see Moroni 8:8).
“The easiest way,” Gee says, to evaluate “the environmentalist argument is to look at three clear products of the 19th century that were what folks of that period expected the Book of Mormon to be like.” All three of his “control” books betray Latin influence and discuss topics typical of the time, such as romance, money-digging and the lost 10 tribes. All three describe the northeastern Indian cultures with which early Yankees were familiar.
Gee concludes that “19th-century accounts purported to be similar to the Book of Mormon all clearly betray their American cultural background in ways that significantly differ from what we find in the Book of Mormon. Why then, if the Book of Mormon is said to be a 19th-century book, does it not read like one?”
Gee's essay is available at publications.maxwellinstitute.byu.edu/fullscreen/?pub=1082&index=10.
2 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Foreign leaders are being told that they are to compliment Trump on his Electoral College win and compare him favorably to President Obama as part of the rules for meeting with the President during his first foreign trip.
The New York Times reported:
Trump can only handle one point in a very short conversation, and he needs his ego flattered and a slide show.
Donald Trump's trip isn't an international visit overseas by a president. It is a global babysitting operation to give American a break for its perpetually needy, corrupt, and scandal-plagued toddler.
The White House's “rules” for meeting Trump aren't diplomatic guidelines for international diplomacy. They are a list you leave on the fridge for the babysitter before you both head out to catch a movie.
The idea that world leaders are expected to lie and praise Trump as better than Obama is jaw-droppingly shallow. We all know that Trump can't handle any criticism, but he is so insecure about not being as good of a president as Obama that it could be viewed as a symptom a deep mental or emotional issue.
Trump will return to the United States thinking his trip was great, and he made lots of new friends, but the reality has never been more clear that Donald Trump isn't just an American problem. He is also a headache for the entire world.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
While Americans are unhappy with the level of government spending, a new poll shows that recipients of popular and expensive programs don't want their benefits cut and highlights the problems that lawmakers are facing in reducing the deficit.
A Rasmussen poll released Wednesday showed that 63 percent of Americans receiving government aid “are not willing to consider any benefit reductions” in order to balance the budget. Of the people surveyed, 23 percent said they received government aid.
Seniors and low-income Americans are the largest demographic groups receiving federal aid. The three major entitlement programs – Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid – take up a large portion of the annual budget and cutting any of them will be hugely unpopular with beneficiaries.
Nonetheless, 83 percent of Americans believe that it is “at least somewhat likely” that government spending will need to be reduced in the next decade, and a majority of Americans suspect that one such program, Social Security, will not “be able to pay out all their promised retirement benefits during their lifetime.”
Voters, unsurprisingly, are not keen on the idea of paying higher taxes, even if it means having a budget deficit. Forty-one percent of Americans, a plurality, said that they would not have a problem with a budget deficit if it meant reducing taxes.
In the 1950s, the psychologist Leon Festinger popularized social-comparison theory. He argued that people have innate tendencies to track our progress and assess our self-worth by comparing ourselves to other people. That social comparison leads to feelings of insignificance and insecurity. Research has since found that making social comparisons, especially "upward" comparisons (to people we deem above us, to whom we feel inferior, for whatever reason) are associated with negative health outcomes like depressive symptoms and decreased self-esteem. Because Facebook tends to serve as an onslaught of idealized existences—babies, engagement rings, graduations, new jobs—it invites upward social comparison at a rate that can make "real life" feel like a modesty festival.
In their latest studies, the psychologists conclude that their work "holds important implications for general populations and, in particular, college students [the participants in these studies] who are depressed and might also be addicted to Facebook. Future interventions might target the reduction of Facebook use among those at risk for depression."
I talked with Steers about what a person can do to avoid that kind of negative relationship with the book of faces.
James Hamblin: Should everyone de-friend all of their successful friends?
Mai-Ly Steers: I don't think you should, necessarily. If you have a healthy amount of self-esteem, why not [keep them]? It might motivate you to be better.
Hamblin: Does your model discount the reversal of the Facebook-depression correlation—that people might spend more time on Facebook when they are lonely and sad?
Steers: It could be possible, but we tested that, and didn't find a strong relationship. Not to say that doesn't occur.
Hamblin: Facebook did release some data that said that after a breakup, the amount of time people spend on the site goes crazy.
Facebook Interactions Before and After Breakup
Facebook
But that doesn't mean people are sad. Maybe they're elated.
Steers: I got into this line of research after my sister wasn't able to go to a school dance, and she was really upset. After looking at her friends' feeds the next day, she got even more distressed, and I thought, this might be a common occurrence.
Hamblin: You hadn't felt it yourself? Do you not use Facebook?
Steers: I do. I'm more aware of it now. I think everybody feels it to a certain degree. The thing about it is, you never have any idea what you're going to be socially comparing yourself to, because you don't know what your friends are going to post. And what I would compare myself to wouldn't necessarily be what you would compare yourself to.
Hamblin: I would compare myself to someone who had a really good sandwich. Other people might compare themselves on life goals, like graduating from a doctoral program.
Today we've got an exciting moto gear giveaway for Bike EXIF readers. And if you're handy with pen and ink or a stylus, you could win an even bigger prize.
The prizes include jackets, gloves and luggage from two of our favorite high-end brands: Pagnol and Velomacchi.
The $525 Pagnol M1 is a slim fit jacket with a ‘modern classic' feel. Designed for everyday riding, it looks good on and off the bike. The styling is timeless, and the fit is comfortable, with Schoeller Kevlar fabric on the shoulders and in the center of the upper back. Pockets are provided for shoulder, elbow and back armor.
The jacket is made from tough yet supple 1.2mm cowhide, and constructed to ensure maximum abrasion resistance and durability. The hardware is high quality, antique-style brass and the mesh lining includes pockets for adding the armor of your choice.
If you're a lady who likes to ride, you can specify a Pagnol W1 instead of an M1. The retro-modern styled W1 is designed for everyday riding, and looks good on and off the bike. And although the feel is classic, the fit is feminine and comfortable.
When it comes to gloves, many riders want an elusive mix: Classic style with modern protection. The $70 Pagnol M4 nails it with tough yet supple leather, and 1/4″ foam padding that to protect your knuckles. You can wear them under or over your sleeves, thanks to a cleverly engineered wrist adjustment system.
Velomacchi builds performance bags, gloves, and accessories inspired by the culture of privateer racing. This Duffle (above) is the newest release from the Oregon-based brand: the ultimate watertight ADV pack for exploring back roads or traveling the world. You can carry it as a duffle, as a backpack, or as a shoulder bag—or securely strap it down to your motorcycle or roof rack.
Made from abrasion-resistant 1000D Cordura and costing $399, the 50-liter pack includes easy-access side and document pockets, and seals with tough #10 YKK zipper.
The Velomacchi Roll-top Backpack is a watertight 28-liter pack (above) that carries your load close to your center of gravity, taking the weight off your shoulders and allowing for a more aggressive riding style. The $399 bag is designed to carry a computer or tablet for extreme commuting during the week, and can then swap to carrying a hydration system when you're exploring the trails on the weekend.
HOW TO ENTER For your chance to win, you'll need to complete a very quick survey on your motorcycling habits. We'll select the winner at random, and the prize is a Pagnol M1 or W1 motorcycle jacket and a Velomacchi Hybrid Duffle Pack.
If you fancy putting your illustration skills to the test, your entry will be judged by industrial designer Oliver Aschenbrenner from the German studio 271 Design—who is a dab hand at bike building too.
The illustration first prize is an M1 or W1 jacket, a pair of M4 gloves and a T-shirt from Pagnol, plus a Hybrid Duffle Pack and a Roll Top Backpack from Velomacchi.
Second prize will be an M1 or W1 jacket, M4 gloves and a Duffle Pack. And then for impressive entries coming in third, we'll be giving away 50% off coupons valid for the Pagnol and Velomacchi online stores.
So head over to the giveaway page on the Pagnol website before Sunday, August 6, 2017. The promotion is open to readers over the age of 18 and we'll announce the winners before August 25, 2017.
Good luck!
Pagnol | Facebook | Instagram | Velomacchi | Facebook | Instagram | Rules
President Barack Obama on Saturday called for the restoration of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which the Supreme Court significantly weakened in 2013.
The Supreme Court's decision in Shelby County v. Holder helped usher in a new wave of voter ID laws and other restrictions that disproportionately impact minority voters and make it more difficult to vote. Obama took at these laws Saturday, which many critics have compared to state-level measures, such as poll taxes and literacy tests, that made it difficult and even impossible for African Americans to vote prior to the Voting Rights Act.
"The Voting Rights Act was one of the crowning achievements of our democracy — the result of Republican and Democratic efforts," Obama said. "One-hundred members of Congress have come here today to honor people who were willing to die for the right to protect it. If we want to honor this day, let that hundred go back to Washington, and gather 400 more, and together, pledge to make it their mission to restore that law this year."
How the Voting Rights Act changed the US electorate
The Voting Right Act had a huge impact on many southern states. For example, black voter registration rates in Mississippi increased from a mere 6.7 percent in 1965 to 59.8 percent in 1967, according to the US Commission for Civil Rights. For a state that's historically around 40 percent black, this represented a massive shift in politics — a change that much of the predominantly white leadership at the time feared but would have to accept due to the Voting Rights Act.
But the landmark legislation didn't immediately dissolve all voting disparities. In 1967, there was still a roughly 32-point gap between black and white voter registration rates in Mississippi.
The gap continued to close in the next several decades. In 1988, Census data for Mississippi showed a 6.3-point gap as white voter registration fell and black voter registration increased. In 2012, Mississippi's gap even reversed: 90.2 percent of black voting-age residents were registered to vote, compared to 82.4 percent of non-Hispanic, white voting-age people.
But Obama and other critics of the Supreme Court's 2013 decision worry that voter ID laws and other restrictions will reverse these voting demographic trends. Without the full power of the Voting Rights Act, the federal government may not be able to stop new laws that make it harder for black, Hispanic, and other minority citizens to vote.
The Ohio State University
For the first time in the US, a surgeon wearing Google Glass transmitted video of a surgery, live from the operating room, to a colleague and students miles away.
Dr. Christopher Kaeding was the participating surgeon in the landmark moment, which occurred on August 21 during a routine ACL surgery at the Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center in Columbus, Ohio. Kaeding, director of sports medicine at the university, wore Google Glass while repairing 47-year-old Paula Kobalka's knee, which she injured while playing softball.
"To be honest, once we got into the surgery, I often forgot the device was there," Kaeding said. "It just seemed very intuitive and fit seamlessly."
Ohio State University
Kaeding transmitted video of the surgery via a Google Hangout to his colleague Dr. Robert Magnussen, who watched the event in his office, far from the operating room. Select students, located at Ohio State University's College of Medicine, also joined the Hangout and witnessed the surgery on laptops.
"To have the opportunity to be a medical student and share in this technology is really exciting," said Ryan Blackwell, a second-year medical student who witnessed the procedure. "This could have huge implications, not only from the medical education perspective, but because a doctor can use this technology remotely, it could spread patient care all over the world in places that we don't have it already."
Kaeding borrowed the Google Glass Explorer Edition from Dr. Ismail Nabeel, an assistant professor of general internal medicine at Ohio State who was chosen to participate in exclusive beta tests of the highly anticipated device.
Michelle Nunn just raised the stakes in Georgia's Senate Republican primary.
In announcing a Senate campaign that had been expected for weeks, the Democrat with a well-known last name gave her party a credible contender who could make the general election interesting if Republicans botch a race that tilts in their favor right now.
The race for the seat of retiring Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.), pictured above, just got more interesting. (Cliff Owen/AP)
Nunn is the latest entrant into a complex national battle for control of the Senate. Republicans are expected to have to net six seats in 2014 to win back the majority. Georgia and Kentucky represent the only two realistic pickup opportunities for Democrats at this point, though both contests look like pretty tall orders for the party. But if they can steal away even one, it will make life awfully difficult for Senate Republicans.
And that's where Nunn, 46, comes in. The head of a nonprofit group that encourages volunteerism, she is the daughter of former senator Sam Nunn, a centrist Democrat who represented the Peach State in the upper chamber for nearly a quarter century. The younger Nunn is a political newcomer who faces trial by fire: Trying to win a Senate race in a state Republicans have dominated in recent years.
"I'm running for Senate because I believe that America's spirit of innovation and entrepreneurship, when unleashed, can create extraordinary possibilities," Nunn said in an e-mail to supporters on Tuesday. "We need to tap into the creativity of citizens and businesses to create jobs and a better future."
The Republican side of the race to replace retiring Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.) is a potentially competitive contest. The field includes Reps. Paul Broun, Jack Kingston and Phil Gingrey, and former secretary of state Karen Handel.
Broun, in particular, could pose problems for Republicans in the general election. Controversial comments and strident conservatism could make him a shaky GOP nominee. Meanwhile, Gingrey has stoked controversy with a remark that former Missouri Senate nominee Todd Akin was "partly right" about rape. Gingrey later said his remark was misconstrued, as he clarified he was not defending Akin's comments about "legitimate rape" rarely causing pregnancy.
On the heels of a cycle in which controversial candidates like Akin and Richard Mourdock in Indiana cost Republicans Senate seats in red states, Republicans in Georgia are under extra pressure to nominate an electable contender.
"I don't think Nunn is ready for prime time, but Republicans must still be responsible and nominate a well-funded, reasonable candidate," said Joel McElhannon, a Republican strategist unaligned with any of the Senate candidates. "It is now very important that Georgia Republicans have a nominee who represents the best values of the Republican Party and has the resources for a tough runoff and general election campaign."
Democrats are already trying to stir the pot in the GOP primary, believing that if it produces a flawed nominee, Nunn will be well-positioned to pounce. In a fundraising e-mail for Nunn sent Tuesday, Sen. Kirsten Gillbrand (D-N.Y.) declared that "the alternative is disturbing."
Nunn's allies are hoping her nonpolitical background and her well-known last name will boost her ability to build a moderate statewide profile during the next few months. Unlike her father, who cut his political teeth early in the state legislature, Nunn hasn't waded heavily into the political arena in her career.
She currently serves as the CEO of Points of Light, a group that encourages volunteer efforts. The organization formed out of the 2007 merger of HandsOn Network, a group that Nunn headed, and Points of Light Foundation, which was formed in 1990 in response to George H.W. Bush's call for Americans to volunteer. Nunn flirted with a Senate bid before in 2004, but ultimately declined so she could focus on her family.
A Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of Virginia, Nunn has also studied overseas at Oxford University and in India.
Republicans, meanwhile, are already going after Nunn. They note conservative Democratic Rep. John Barrow already passed on the race. And they have sought to tie Nunn to President Obama and Democratic congressional leaders, noting that she was at a Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee fundraiser with Obama in May. The National Republican Senatorial Committee has already begun decrying the "Obama/Nunn agenda." Given Georgia's red tilt, if they are successful, it could be a long campaign for the first-time candidate.
Demographic trends have given Democrats an extra reason to aim to be as competitive as possible in statewide elections. A surge in the minority population, which typically favors Democrats, has stoked optimism in the party about turning Georgia blue in the coming years. But with Republicans currently controlling all statewide offices, Democrats have a way to go, observers say. And 2014 may be too early to see any major shift.
"Right now, I think it's still a state where if the Republicans nominated a credible candidate, the Republican should be favored in the election in 2014," said Emory University political scientist Merle Black.
Far from being the special result of insular evolution, Komodo dragons are the last survivors of a group of huge lizards that ranged over much of Australasia
In 1910, Lieutenant Jacques Karel Henri van Steyn van Hensbroek was stationed on Flores Island in eastern Indonesia within the Dutch colonial administration, when he received word of a “land crocodile” of unusually large size living on the nearby island of Komodo. Intrigued, he set out to Komodo to investigate for himself. He returned with a photo and the skin of the animal, which he sent to Pieter Ouwens, then director of the Java Zoological Museum and Botanical Gardens in Buitenzorg (now Bogor). The animal was not a crocodile of any sort, but a large monitor lizard. Ouwens realised that this animal was new to science and published the first formal description of the animal, which we know now as Komodo dragon, Varanus komodoensis (Ouwens, 1912).
Facebook Twitter Pinterest First photo of a Komodo dragon, shot by van Steyn van Hensbroek Photograph: Ouwens, 1912. Bulletin de l'Institut Botanique de Buitenzorg./Source: Biodiversity Heritage Library
Although fossils of giant varanids had been known since the mid-1800s, the discovery that giant lizards were still among us, albeit on a few isolated islands in far-away Southeast Asia, was met with fascination and excitement. Zoologists set out to collect more specimens, some of which were even brought back to Europe alive, and various aspects of their biology were studied. The discovery is even said to have been the inspiration behind the movie King Kong. But it wasn't until 1969, when a herpetologist at the Florida Museum of Natural History, Walter Auffenberg, relocated with his family to Komodo island, that the first long-term study of Komodo dragons began. Together with his assistant Putra Sastrawa, Auffenberg tagged and studied over 50 wild Komodo dragons, resulting in the seminal work The Behavioral Ecology of the Komodo Monitor.
Komodo dragons are endemic to eastern Indonesia and are currently only found on the northern coast of Flores and on the nearby islands of Komodo, Rinca, Gili Motang and Nusa Kode (Purwandana et al., 2014). Adults can reach up to 3 meters in length, and with their powerful tail, large claws and serrated teeth, they do live up to their fearsome reputation. As large-bodied carnivores, adult Komodo dragons dine predominantly on large herbivores such as deer and pigs, which they ambush alongside trails, supplemented with birds and small mammals, and the occasional tourist (although my guide ascertained me that the last tourist, a Swiss, had been in eaten in 1974). Yet despite their awe-inspiring physique, Komodo dragons are shy creatures that will avoid encounters with humans. In some areas, you will have to put a goat out for 3 days before a Komodo dragon will show himself. Today, only ~2,500 Komodo dragons are thought to survive in the wild (Purwandana et al., 2014), and continuing habitat destruction threatens their already limited distribution, making them even more vulnerable to extinction.
Zombie ammonite discovery is 'snapshot of an unusual moment in deep time' | Elsa Panciroli Read more
Most of the modern day Komodo dragon's diet consists of animals that are not native to the area. The Lesser Sunda islands, of which Flores and the other islands are part, were never connected to mainland Asia. Up until the Late Pleistocene, the only large herbivores present on the islands were dwarf elephants. Deer and pigs were introduced to the islands by modern humans some 4-5,000 years ago (van den Bergh et al., 2009). This led some scientists to suggest that Komodo dragons had evolved from a small-sized ancestor, and only evolved larger body sizes after their arrival to the Flores archipelago. In the absence of mammalian carnivores, a larger body size would enable Komodo dragons to fill the niche of top predator in the hunt for pygmy elephants (Diamond, 1987).
Over the last decades, however, this interpretation of Komodo dragon body size evolution has changed, mostly because of the findings of large and giant fossil monitor lizards across Indonesia and Australia. The oldest fossils of Varanus komodoensis stem from the late Pliocene (~3 million years ago) of mainland Australia, and they are already similar in size to living Komodo dragons (Hocknull et al., 2009). This indicates that Komodo dragons originated in Australia alongside a variety of marsupial megafauna, rather than in isolation on Komodo or Flores. Moreover, the Australian material indicates that Komodo dragons attained large size early on in their evolution.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Fossil remains of the earliest Komodo dragon from the Pliocene of Australia next to the skull of a modern Komodo dragon (A, center). B-D: fragments of the upper mandible. E-F: fragments of the skull bones. G–H: quadrate bone . I–J. partial left mandible, with dotted lines illustrating the tooth sockets. Photograph: Hocknull et al., 2009. Dragon's Paradise Lost: Palaeobiogeography, Evolution and Extinction of the Largest-Ever Terrestrial Lizards (Varanidae)
From Australia, Komodo dragons spread westwards, but when this happened is not known. Fossils from Flores' hot central region indicate that Komodo dragons first appeared on the island around one million years ago, and lived alongside pygmy elephants, giant tortoises and giant rats, and continued to do so for thousands of years.
Fossil evidence from Timor and Sumba indicate that as varanids spread westwards from Australia into Asia during the beginning of the Pleistocene, they radiated into several species. Varanids may even have crossed the Wallace's line and reached Java, as evidenced by a fossil varanid from the island with affinities to Komodo dragons (Hocknull et al., 2009). At the same time, the radiation of varanids in Australia gave rise to an even larger varanid, Varanus priscus, (also known as Megalania) whose length may have reached a whopping 7 meters (Molnar, 2004), making it the largest terrestrial lizard ever.
None of these lacertian giants survived the Pleistocene era. For the Javan and Timorese varanids, only a handful of bones remind us of their existence, and the timing of their extinctions remains unknown. In Australia, Varanus priscus co-existed briefly with the first humans on the continent (Price al., 2015), before it disappeared in the Late Pleistocene, making it very likely that the first humans in Australia set eyes on one of these behemoths.
On Flores, evidence from Liang Bua, a limestone cave on the western part of the island, shows that Komodo dragons lived alongside pygmy elephants, small hominins (Homo floresiensis), giant scavenging storks and vultures until 50,000 years ago (Sutikna et al., 2016). But as its fellow islanders went extinct, populations of Komodo dragons contracted significantly. Nowadays, small populations survive on the islands' northern coast and on the nearby islands that were once connected to Flores during low sealevels. There, the last of the king lizards survive. But for how much longer?
On Komodo island, tourists and giant lizards will just have to get along Read more
References
Diamond, JM, 1987. Did Komodo dragons evolve to eat pygmy elephants? Nature 326:832.
van den Bergh, GD, et al., 2009. The Liang Bua faunal remains: a 95 k.yr. sequence from Flores, East Indonesia. Journal of Human Evolution 57:527–537.
Hocknull, SA, et al., 2009. Dragon's Paradise Lost: Palaeobiogeography, Evolution and Extinction of the Largest-Ever Terrestrial Lizards (Varanidae). PLoS ONE 4(9): e7241.
Molnar, RE, 2004. Dragons in the dust: the paleobiology of the giant monitor lizard Megalania. Bloomington: Indiana University Press.
Price, GJ, et al., 2015. Temporal overlap of humans and giant lizards (Varanidae; Squamata) in Pleistocene Australia. Quaternary Science Reviews 125:98–105
Purwandana et al., 2014. Demographic status of Komodo dragons populations in Komodo National Park. Biological Conservation 171:29-35.
Sutikna, T, et al., 2016. Revised stratigraphy and chronology for Homo floresiensis at Liang Bua in Indonesia. Nature 532:366–369.
Roberto Benigni also received a lifetime achievement award during Monday night's ceremony.
Paolo Virzi's Like Crazy was the big winner at Monday night's David di Donatello Awards in a decadent ceremony in Rome that aired on Sky Italia.
Like Crazy, the story of two women who escape a Tuscan psychiatric home to confront their pasts, won honors for best film, director and actress (for Valeria Bruni Tedeschi), as well as prizes for production design (for Tonino Zera) and hair (for Daniela Tartari).
Virzi previously won David di Donatello best film awards for Human Capital and August Vacation.
Best foreign film honors went to Tom Ford's Nocturnal Animals, which also also took home the Venice Film Festival's Silver Lion for best director last fall.
The best European film prize went to I, Daniel Blake by Ken Loach, the director's second Palme d'Or-winning pic.
Among other winners, Edoardo De Angelis' Indivisible won for best screenplay and the best producer award went to the film's Attilio De Razza and Pieropaolo Verga. Indivisible also took home honors for best supporting actor (for Valerio Mastandrea), supporting actress (for Antonia Truppo), costumes (for Massimo Cantini Parrini) and for score and original song by Enzo Avitabile.
The best actor award went to Stefano Accorsi for Italian Race. The film also won honors for best cinematographer (for Michele D'Attanasio), makeup (for Luca Mazzoccoli), editing (for Gianni Vezzosi) and digital effects (Artea Film and Rain Rebel Alliance International Network). Angelo Bonanni, Diego De Santis, Mirko Perri and Michele Mazzucco also shared the prize for best sound on the pic.
The night also saw Academy Award winner Roberto Benigni honored with a special career achievement award, presented by President Sergio Mattarella and Italy's Culture Minister Dario Franceschini.
Skip to comments.
CNN's Amanpour suggests Clinton health coverage sexist
Fox News Politics ^ | September 14, 2016 | Fox News Writer
Posted on by Boomer
After learning from the mainstream media during the last eight years of the Obama presidency that seemingly benign phrases and words like Chicago, that one and golf are now deemed racist, viewers are getting a similar lesson when it comes to Clinton coverage.
CNN host Christiane Amanpour suggested on air Monday that the heavy coverage of the Democratic nominee's health is simply sexist.
(Excerpt) Read more at foxnews.com ...
TOPICS:
Crime/Corruption
News/Current Events
Politics/Elections
KEYWORDS:
When I read this I couldn't help but think this is one dumb reporter. She couldn't see she was being extremely sexist in her remarks by calling others sexist. Liberalism is the worst kind of mental derangement syndrome. With the clinton's; half the time the crime isn't near as bad as the coverup. Other times, yes, the crime is that bad.
To: Boomer
Go back to Iran, you globe-trotting fancy-pants, and they'll show you what sexism really is.
by 2 posted onby Opinionated Blowhard ("When the people find they can vote themselves money, that will herald the end of the republic.")
To: Boomer
The only thing Clinton has going for her is the woman card. Example #23.
To: Boomer
Just like the 2000 doctors who took out a full-page ad demanding John McCain's health records- they were sexist too.
To: Boomer
CNN host Christiane Amanpour suggested ...coverage of the Democratic nominee's health is simply sexist. this is 3rd different Pravda MSM source today saying this - so its clear, this is a coordinated story line being pushed by Clinton campaign. Its not random stupidity from barking leftist. Wikileaks showed us that the DNC would direct media coverage and talking points at MSNCB, CNN and others. It certainly hasn't stopped.
To: Boomer
Liberals are certifiably insane..they had NO problem going after John McCain in 2008 suggesting that his skin cancer could return and that he is too old to run..they said the same thing about Ronald Reagan, too old to be President..yet here you have a woman who can't even walk two steps before falling over like a freakin ironing board and they call that sexist LOL cant make this stuff up
To: Boomer
Woman are generally healthier than men, and live longer. This is not sexist. The reaction is to what is being seen, in conjunction with the stealth that surrounds Hillary.
To: Boomer
Imagine the 24/7 rat media hysterics if it were Trump having the coughing and collapsing issues. Wear it, Libs.
To: Boomer
i look at the libtard pravda media like a CHEERLEADER / PROPAGANDIST who can make the most preposterous statements to defend and support the BEAST despite looking like a complete fogging icehole or the southbound end of a northbound horse with its tail up high in the air spewing horse manure.......
To: Sarah Barracuda
The left's blanet sexism was on horrid display going after Sarah Palin. And still is by the way.
To: Boomer
Christiane's husband should beat her more often.
To: Boomer
I'd like to see medical proof that Hillary! actually IS a woman, before I make up my mind on this.
To: Opinionated Blowhard
I heard someone paraphrase to the effect of, can't a girl take a sick day?? Hillary's been working so hard yadda yadda yadda, and now the whole world focuses on her taking a sick day, goes that line of thinking. And this ties in with the Clinton lap dogs using the words “power through” as Hillary works so hard through health problems
To: Boomer
The tactic, with both Obama and Clinton, is to deflect and redirect.
Reverend Wright videos expose Obama's close relationship with a radical anti-American? Redirect to talking about America's racism.
Clinton collapses and has to be dragged into a van? Talk about how she is facing ageist and sexist criticism that a man wouldn't face.
To: Boomer
Fine, I'm sexist. What are you going to do about it, Christiane? Call me deplorable?
by 15 posted onby MrsEmmaPeel (a government big enough to give you everything you want, is big enough to take everything you have)
To: Boomer
Yeah, because if Trump collapsed like a wooden robot getting into his personal ambulance nobody would say a word.
by 16 posted onby E. Pluribus Unum (If you are not prepared to use force to defend civilization, then be prepared to accept barbarism.)
To: Boomer
Then she just made the reason for women never to be able to run. If she can not be held to the same standards and scrutiny as Trump or any other male running but then I think the press has done the same thing with minorities with Obama.
To: Boomer
It's no more sexist than when the Clintons questioned the health of Democrat candidate Paul Tsongas. In the 1992 Democrat primary, former Massachusetts Senator Paul Tsongas was the early front-runner; Bill Clinton was struggling with infidelity questions. Tsongas had retired from the Senate in 1984 because he was diagnosed with non-Hodgkins lymphoma (John Kerry took his seat). Tsongas underwent a bone marrow transplant to treat the disease in 1986 and received a clean bill of health from doctors in 1991. The whisper campaign began against Tsongas that his health was still in doubt, and Tsongas' popularity began to wane as Clinton's begun to surge. Tsongas eventually dropped out of the race. As it turned out, Tsongas died 1997 from a return of the cancer, which would have been in the seventh year of his Presidency. People were right to question his health. And people are right to question Clinton's health now. -PJ
by 18 posted onby Political Junkie Too (If you are the Posterity of We the People, then you are a Natural Born Citizen.)
To: KC_Lion
Because leftist media loons dont consider Conservatives and especially Conservative women to be real human beings..in their mind we dont exist and should never exist
To: Boomer
What heavy coverage???? I've seen social media light up, but I haven't seen what I would consider heavy coverage out of the mainstream media.
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
Fox ignored history and President Obama's own words to attack the president for not including the word God in a proclamation commemorating the anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks. Fox & Friends co-host Gretchen Carlson claimed that Obama has "called for a moment of silence, but has not called for the word God. So some people are asking, why is God being left out again?" Later, her colleague Steve Doocy said: "On this most somber of days, get this. Does the President of the United States call on people to pray for those lives lost? No." Fox was referring to a presidential proclamation declaring September 11, 2012, to be Patriots Day. But the reality is that President Obama followed the example of President George W. Bush who did not include the word God in his 2006, 2007, and 2008 Patriot Day proclamations. Furthermore, Obama called on "God's grace" and asked people to pray for the lives lost in a separate official proclamation declaring the days between September 7 and September 9 as national days of prayer and remembrance in commemoration of the September 11 terrorist attacks:
Eleven years ago, America confronted one of our darkest days. The events of September 11, 2001, brought collapsing towers in Manhattan and billowing smoke at the Pentagon, wreckage on a Pennsylvania field, and deep ache to the soul of our Nation. Nearly 3,000 innocent people lost their lives that morning; still more gave theirs in service during the hours, days, and years that followed. All were loved, and none will be forgotten. On these days of prayer and remembrance, we mourn again the men, women, and children who were taken from us with terrible swiftness, stand with their friends and family, honor the courageous patriots who responded in our country's moment of need, and, with God's grace, rededicate ourselves to a spirit of unity and renewal. [...] On September 11, 2001, in our hour of grief, a Nation came together. No matter where we came from, what God we prayed to, or what race or ethnicity we were, we were united as one American family. This weekend, as we honor the memory of those we have lost, let us summon that spirit once more. Let us renew our sense of common purpose. And let us reaffirm the bond we share as a people: that out of many, we are one. NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim Friday, September 7 through Sunday, September 9, 2012, as National Days of Prayer and Remembrance. I ask that the people of the United States honor and remember the victims of September 11, 2001, and their loved ones through prayer, contemplation, memorial services, the visiting of memorials, the ringing of bells, evening candlelight remembrance vigils, and other appropriate ceremonies and activities. I invite people around the world to participate in this commemoration.
Both Fox Nation and Fox's self-proclaimed "culture war" correspondent Todd Starnes have pushed this spurious line of attack as well.
Share Pinterest
Email
Hélio Castroneves' Verizon IndyCar Series career began in 1998 in CART, he scored his first career pole in 1999 and has amassed 50 poles in his racing career that spans three decades and 340 races. His Team Penske teammate Will Power began his career in 2005, won his first pole in 2006 and by winning the pole Saturday for Sunday's Honda Indy 200 at Mid-Ohio now has 49 poles in 182 races.
Castroneves' qualifying prowess has been for the long haul. Power's pole ability has come in nearly half the time.
So, who is the better qualifier?
Let's ask another Team Penske teammate, Josef Newgarden.
“Let me tell you what, I walk into the engineering room every day and see these guys and I'm just in awe of what I get to stand next to,” Newgarden said. “No, I am. You have no idea how much fun we have. We work together very well in the engineering room. But they're very, very good.
“Well, the way it comes down to it is, you got to get it just right, know exactly how many laps you want to run in qualifying, you have to nail the lap, you only get one run.
“That's what these guys are great at; they have done it for years, but they're the best at it. They have not gotten worse. If anything, they just get better. I feel like Hélio gets better every year. There's a lot to learn, absolutely. There's a lot that I've observed this year."
IndyCar Will Power takes IndyCar pole at Mid-Ohio Team Penske driver Will Power has made a career out of accumulating Verizon IndyCar Series poles with such regularity it looks effortless. He continued that streak Saturday at ...
“I'd like to get on top of them at some point. I'd like to be P1. Until that time comes, I'm going to keep observing and trying to figure out what they do and how they do it so well.”
Graham Rahal drives a Honda for the rival Rahal Letterman Lanigan team and also marvels at how well Castroneves and Power are when it comes to winning poles in the highly competitive Verizon IndyCar Series.
“They're both sneaky,” Rahal said. “Honestly, Hélio will look like he's messing around. What's he doing? Then he'll come into qualifying and, ‘Boom, P1,' he'll get the pole.
“You're like, ‘What the heck was that?'
“They're very, very sneaky sometimes. They're slowly working, going about their business, nothing to look at here. Then they sneak up on you and they just take it right out from underneath you.
“Look, they're both very strong. They both have their own strengths and know how to get it done. I don't know how to choose between them. They're both very good.”
Pied Piper & Robin Do the Safety Dance
KARACHI: At least ten people, including a child, were killed and around 25 others were wounded in a militants' attack on a secular political party in Karachi, DawnNews reported.
The Pakistani Taliban militants targeted a corner meeting of Awami National Party (ANP) near Mominabad Police Station in Karachi's SITE area. The meeting was being attended, among others, by a local leader of ANP, Bashir Jan.
Jan, however, had escaped the attack unhurt.
SSP Karachi West Asif Ijaz, while talking to Dawn.Com, has confirmed the number of dead and injured. He said the bomb was a planted device with at leat four kilograms of explosive material. Ball bearings and nuts and bolts, apparently used in the bomb, were also found from the site of the blast, he added.
The blast was heard several kilometres away and damaged nearby shops and houses, witnesses said.
Talking to a private news channel, ANP chief Asfandyar Wali condemned the cowardly act of the terrorists and vowed to not bow down to them.
“People know who is behind these barbaric acts….they want to keep us away from elections,” he said. However, the ANP chief said that his party will not boycott the May 11 polls.
Taliban claim
Meanwhile, the banned Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) has claimed responsibility of the attack.
Speaking to Dawn.com via telephone from an undisclosed location, Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan said they had carried out the attack on the ANP for their secular views.
“These secular parties want to bring the system of the infidel in Pakistan,” said the Taliban spokesman, speaking about the MQM, ANP and PPP.
Speaking to Dawn, Additional IG Karachi Iqbal Mehmood said political parties were required to inform police authorities 72 hours in advance of holding rallies or public meetings.
According to rules set down by the the Election Commission, parties should inform police of routes and other details ahead of holding public meetings to ensure their safety, Mehmood said.
Day of mourning
The ANP has announced to observe a day of mourning in the city. Transport, businesses and educational institutions however will remain open on Saturday, said the party's chief of Sindh province, Shahi Syed.
Karachi, Pakistan's commercial capital, has witnessed a recent surge in violence.
The Pakistani Taliban had also claimed responsibility for an attack on Thursday on the election office of the MQM in Karachi, the second attack on the party in the city in three days.
Earlier in the day, an ANP's National Assembly candidate from Karachi's Landhi area came under a cracker bomb attack in Karachi whereas a convoy of Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam-Fazl (JUI-F) candidate Hashim Shahwani came under gunfire attack in Mach area of Balochistan's Bolan district.
The spike in violence targeting political parties has raised concerns for law and order as the May 11 general elections draw closer.
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan also expressed its concerns at the continuing terrorist attacks on election candidates, activists and campaigns of certain political parties.
“If this targeted violence persists, it would render the elections meaningless and make the country hostage to fascist forces,” the rights watchdog said in a statement released Friday.
Zahir Shah Sherazi from Peshawar and Asif Mehmood from Karachi contributed to this report
'Eco-terrorist' threat to poison New Zealand baby formula
New Zealand has received an "eco-terrorist" threat to poison baby formula, Prime Minister John Key said Tuesday, in a scare that risks further denting the country's "clean, green" reputation.
Police said they were taking the issue seriously after small packages of baby formula containing poison were sent with anonymous letters to the National Farmers Federation and dairy giant Fonterra.
"Whilst there is a possibility that this threat is a hoax, we must treat the threat seriously and a priority investigation is underway," deputy commissioner Mike Clement said.
New Zealand police said small packages of baby formula containing poison had been sent with anonymous letters to the National Farmers Federation and dairy giant Fonterra ©William West (AFP/File)
Authorities warned parents to examine packaging for signs of tampering and supermarkets removed formula cans from shelves to storerooms so shoppers could not access them directly.
Police said the motive behind what they termed a blackmail attempt was the use of a poison called 1080 for pest control, which some critics say kills native wildlife.
Asked how he would characterise the threat, Key replied: "It's a form of eco-terrorism without doubt.
"The person's motive is to try and bully the government into not using 1080 (but) the reality of anyone carrying out this threat are extremely low," he added.
Even if it was a hoax, the scare comes at a sensitive time for New Zealand's dairy industry, which is recovering from a botulism scare last year involving Fonterra.
It was eventually declared a false alarm but not before potentially toxic formula was yanked off shelves from China to Saudi Arabia.
New Zealand is the world's largest dairy exporter and infant formula is a major component, with annual exports to China alone totalling NZ$3.0 billion (US$2.2 billion).
Infant Formula Exporters Association chairman Michel Barnett said the industry did not need another crisis.
"This could be extremely damaging for New Zealand's exports offshore," he told TVNZ.
"Not just dairy, not just milk formula, our whole reputation as an exporter of food is at risk as a result of this nutter."
The New Zealand Food and Grocery Council said extra testing had been introduced to reassure parents, adding that it had "absolute confidence" that products were safe.
"This is an attack on Brand New Zealand," it said.
"Our country has a reputation for producing safe, high-quality food products which are in demand around the world, and this coward's letter doesn't change that at all.
"These letters are an attack on all New Zealanders, designed to gain publicity and cause the maximum damage to the New Zealand economy."
The threat, originally made in November, was to contaminate products unless 1080 was banned by the end of March.
Clement said a team of 36 officers had been investigating the threat since November and appealed for public assistance tracking down the blackmailer.
Last year, Arsenal Firearms (not to be confused with the Arsenal company that manufactures AK-platform rifles) showed off full- and compact-size prototypes of a new 9mm pistol, the Stryk. But after merging with Salient Arms International, the company made a few tweaks.
As a result of the research, the Stryk B (compact) model was given priority for production due to greater consumer interest. At SHOT Show 2017, the final copy of the Stryk was available for inspection.
A company rep said the difference between the Stryk and other mass-market, polymer-lower pistols is that the extras come standard. A beavertail grip is among those features. Buyers will be pleased that each new Stryk includes three 15-round magazines. Steel sights, compatible with Glock sights, are standard. A fiber optic upgrade is available.
The patented AF Speedlock locking lug sets Stryk construction apart from other brands. The U-shaped lug holds the barrel level during recoil, preventing accuracy-destroying barrel rise, a major reason some shooters never made the transition to a polymer gun.
Recoil should be very manageable with what the company says they can prove is the lowest bore axis in production, anywhere. Also remarkable is a match-grade trigger. It's drool-worthy. When the Stryk is available in April, sales will be dealer direct. MSRP is $779.95 for the standard Strike pistol; $20 more with fiber optic sights.
Spelling of “Stryk” corrected on 01/21/2017.
A Winnipegger who won nearly $1 million in an international poker tournament in Prague says he still wants to keep handling big dough of another kind at his job as a server at a local pizzeria.
Patrick Serda beat a field of 400 international poker players on Monday to take second place and a pot of €719,000, which is nearly $1 million Cdn.
"[It was] pretty surreal for the most part. I mean, it hasn't hit a bank account yet, it's just in my online account," Serda said.
"I haven't made any plans, but it's pretty nice in the end," Serda said.
The $1-million pot is his largest single win. While he has been playing a few years, he doesn't consider himself a professional player.
Serda won $250,000 at an event in September.
"Obviously there's some confidence. I don't think I would be playing any tournaments that I didn't think I could win," Serda said.
Despite his jackpot, Serda still plans to return to Winnipeg and his job serving at Pizzeria Gusto.
"I'm super happy to go back. I love it there — great people and great regulars — and I'd be happy to go back," Serda said.
First, though, Serda has tournaments in the Bahamas and Australia in January.
Even though he is moving in a world of high-stakes poker players, he keeps in touch with his friends in Winnipeg who were with him when it all began.
"I've got a good group of friends that were in a group chat with me, and everyone was recalling stories the other day about different situations where it all started, six, seven, eight years ago, when we were all playing for nickels and dimes," Serda said.
As Israel continues to pound the Gaza Strip, and factions within the beleaguered territory retaliate as best they can, there are many myths and stereotypes dominating mainstream media coverage, and many conversations.
Here are a few of the most common misunderstandings:
Myth: Hamas started the round of fighting that led to Israel's “Operation Pillar of Defense.”
Fact: This myth represents a common error in mainstream – and even much progressive – media coverage. The “truth” all depends on when you start the timeline. What is clear is that while both Israel and resistance groups in Gaza bear responsibility for keeping the warfare going, Israel is more often the precipitator.
In an analysis that has received very little attention by Western audiences, Nancy Kanwisher (the Walter A. Rosenblith Professor of Cognitive Neuroscience at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology) asks, “As Israel and Palestine suffer a hideous new spasm of terror, misery and mayhem, it is important to ask how this situation came about…How did the (last) ceasefire unravel?”
President Barak Obama and the mainstream media in the United States and Israel place the blame squarely on Hamas. It is true that a barrage of Palestinian rockets have been fired into Israel, and that ending this rocket fire is the stated goal of the current Israeli invasion of Gaza. However, this simplistic summary leaves out crucial facts. Consider this chain of events, which followed a “lull” of sorts over the previous couple of weeks: (The details of what took place during these days vary somewhat from one media outlet to another. However, the broad strokes are the same.)
· Nov. 4: Israel killed a mentally ill Palestinian walking near the Israeli-imposed “no-go zone” inside the Gaza Strip — an event that triggered a rocket from Gaza into southern Israel, which did not cause any deaths or injuries.
· Nov. 8: Four Israeli military tanks and a bulldozer entered Gaza, fatally shooting a 13-year-old boy who had been playing soccer by his family's house.
· Nov. 10: In retaliation, two rockets were fired from Gaza into southern Israel, and an anti-tank missile injured four soldiers, when it hit an Israeli army jeep that had crossed over into the territory. Meanwhile, the Palestinian Center for Human Rights reported the killing of five more Palestinians, four of whom were civilians – including two soccer players age 16 and 17 and two young men (18 and 19) who ran to the scene. Forty-nine others were wounded, including 10 children.
· Nov. 11: Amid talks of a truce, six more Palestinians (all but one were civilians) were wounded and another was killed by both air strikes and troops on the ground.
· Nov. 12: With Israeli air strikes continuing, two rockets from Gaza hit Israel.
· Nov. 13: After two mid-afternoon air strikes, news services announced a truce had been agreed-upon.
· Nov. 14: Israel ignored the nascent truce and assassinated Hamas military chief Ahmad al-Jabari. (It is questionable whether Israeli officials ever really wanted a truce. As Phyllis Bennis from the Institute for Policy Studies wrote in The Nation: “Earlier this year, on the third anniversary of the Gaza assault of 2008/9, Israeli Army Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Benny Gantz told Army Radio that Israel will need to attack Gaza again soon, to restore what he called its power of ‘deterrence.' He said the assault must be ‘swift and painful,' concluding, ‘we will act when the conditions are right.' Perhaps this was his chosen moment.”)
A fact not known by most Americans, who see Jabari as merely a leader of “terrorists,” is that Israeli activist Gershon Baskin confirmed that Jabari was engaged in peace settlement negotiations with Israel. In fact, he was due to send Hamas' version of a draft agreement to Baskin on the Wednesday evening before he was killed. It's worth asking: Did Israel intend to torpedo those efforts?
The rest of the story is tragic history. Jabari's killing triggered Operation Pillar of Defense, and it continues to unfold.
“It is overwhelmingly Israel that kills first after a pause in the conflict,” writes Kanwisher, who analyzed the entire timeline of killings between Palestinians and Israelis from September 2000 to October 2008, to determine if there was a historical pattern. “Seventy-nine percent of all conflict pauses (during the study period) were interrupted when Israel killed a Palestinian, while only 8% were interrupted by Palestinian attacks (the remaining 13% were interrupted by both sides on the same day). In addition, we found that this pattern — in which Israel is more likely than Palestine to kill first after a conflict pause — becomes more pronounced for longer (ceasefires). Indeed, of the 25 periods of nonviolence lasting longer than a week, Israel unilaterally interrupted 24, or 96%, and it unilaterally interrupted 100% of the 14 periods of nonviolence lasting longer than nine days.”
One of the lessons from these data, she writes, is, “If Israel wants to reduce rocket fire from Gaza, it should cherish and preserve the peace when it starts to break out, not be the first to kill.”
Myth: Israel is killing militant “targets.”
Fact: The victims are humans, not “targets.” They have names, families, stories worth telling.
At the close of Nov. 19, Euro-Mid Observer for Human Rights reported that 110 Palestinians had been killed, including 25 children, 14 senior citizens and 12 women. Seventy-two percent were civilians, with no active involvement in the resistance. Another 891 Palestinians (including 277 children, 164 women and 62 seniors) had been wounded.
[In contrast, various Israeli sources report a total of 664 rockets from Gaza have hit southern Israel. Three Israeli civilians have been killed and a reported 10 civilians and four soldiers have been injured.]
In an iconic photograph circulated widely on the Internet, Jihad Misharawi, a BBC Arabic journalist who lives in Gaza, carries the body of his 11-month old son, Omar, through al-Shifa hospital in Gaza City. A round of Israeli missile fire hit Misharawi's four-room home in Gaza, killing his son. Misharawi's sister-in-law was also killed, and his brother wounded. He told his manager at BBC that when the missiles hit, there was no fighting in his residential neighborhood.
The killing of Misharawi's son received so much attention because he works for a major Western news outlet, and his agony was captured so graphically on film. However, there are many other stories that are not being told. With one of the youngest populations in the world, over half of Gaza's 1.7 million residents are aged under 18.
In May, 2012 Salon columnist Glenn Greenwald observed: “Virtually every time the U.S. [or Israel] fires a missile and ends the lives of Muslims, American media outlets dutifully trumpet in headlines that the dead were ‘militants' – even though those media outlets literally do not have the slightest idea of who was actually killed. They simply cite always-unnamed ‘officials' claiming that the dead were ‘militants.' It's the most obvious and inexcusable form of rank propaganda: media outlets continuously propagating a vital claim without having the slightest idea if it's true.”
In the words of one Gazan Palestinian, on Facebook: We are not numbers, we are humans! We have names, we have families, we have kids, we have emotions, we have feelings …. Every life has a story … Just like you and just like any human being! We are not fucking news and death reports!! We are not Fucking Numbers!! We are HUMAN SOULS.
Myth: Israel protects civilians by airdropping leaflets warning residents of Gaza to avoid locations and individuals affiliated with Hamas.
Fact: In the last five days, Israel has bombed an estimated 1,643 sites in an area that is just 140 square miles – about twice the size of Washington DC. Hamas is the party that runs the local government. The question must be asked: Just where are the people supposed to hide?
Myth: Retaliation by Palestinians is either terrorism or just plain stupidity. The former is the common belief of advocates of Zionism, and the latter is a frequent concern (albeit not often expressed openly) among liberal supporters of Palestinian rights.
Fact: The right to self-defense (most often through “retaliation”) is enshrined in international law and was America's own first response after it was attacked on Sept. 11, 2001. Why was it ethical for the U.S., but not for Palestinians?
As one young Gazan wrote on Facebook: “When you see your family killed by Israeli soldiers in front of your eyes and you see your house demolished in front of you, you feel so angry that you want to fight back. But once you fight back, you are called a terrorist and the aggressor becomes the victim who has the right of defense.”
Catherine Charratt, a PhD candidate in international politics at the UK's Aberystwyth University, recently wrote:
Posted by: americanbutterfly on 8 May 2016
Pokémon name game part two
I gave Wendy cool tough and kinda of cute too looking Pokémon
Soos was a bit more random but I tried to pick Pokémon that fit his “nerdy” and handyman personality
McGucket I wanted to be a mix of his genious and inventing skills with his hillbillie personality
Gideon I wanted cute yet kind of creepy Pokémon
Robbie I wanted what I think an inspiring wanna be rock star goth boy would use.
Pacifica I wanted beatful and cute Pokémon, I mostly gave her canine inspired Pokémon because she owns a dog in the show.
Candy I gave cute and odd Pokémon
Grenda I gave tough and playfully destructive Pokémon I gave Grenda Pokémon that can take a hit and give a hit.
The folks over at FiveThirtyEight.com, also known as 538, produced a breathless editorial recently claiming "Senator Sanders, You're No Barack Obama" in which they proceeded to construct a straw-man argument showing the inevitability of Hillary Clinton and the shortcomings of Bernie Sanders.
Only one problem. The editorial is full of shit.
There are a number (pun intended) of problems with the editorial, which purports to show that in 2015, Hillary Clinton is doing better than she was in 2007. Setting aside the fact that the editorialist keeps mixing in numbers and claims from both 2007 and 2008 (this is 2015, which is equivalent to 2007, dodo), the biggest problem is the editorialist's use of selective data and selective memory.
Consider this: Between November 2006 and February 2007, seven major Democratic candidates opened their campaigns. They were Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton, John Edwards, Dennis Kucinich, Chris Dodd, Barack Obama and Bill Richardson. In addition, Tom Vilsack and Mike Gravel were also running by then.
That selective memory, friends, is where the editorial falls on its face. The reason Hillary's numbers were lower in 2007 than in 2015 is that she was competing against an entire field of heavyweight contenders. Does anyone besides me remember the John Edwards and Dennis Kucinich fervor running rampant on Daily Kos back then?
Consider this, too: Bernie Sanders did not announce his candidacy until May 26, 2015. Prior to that, Hillary was just about the only game in town. It's no wonder her 2015 numbers are stronger -- she had no competition until recently.
So for all those at 538 wishing to write off Bernie Sanders and hoping to grease the skids for a Hillary Clinton nomination, shame on you. You're not going to get your wish by fudging the numbers to suit your agenda. Sorry, it just doesn't work that way.
by Benn Ray
How does a city like Baltimore, with no real current ties to the automotive industry, let alone any ties to the auto racing industry, get an expensive, disruptive Grand Prix in the heart of its commercial district?
Especially when city residents are weary of the disruptions it will cause, increasingly skeptical of questionable revenue projections organizers have provided, and nearly mutinous over the possibly illegal removal of hundreds of old growth trees from downtown.
Well, ya gotta, to use an automotive reference, grease the wheels.
The Baltimore Brew has an excellent piece on campaign contributions from parties attached to the Baltimore Grand Prix.
...analysis of data on file with the Maryland Board of Elections found that individuals and companies connected with the three-day, Indy-style auto race have donated at least $42,400 to the campaign funds of supportive politicians and officeholders.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake: received $24,200 in campaign contributions from Grand Prix-connected interests
City Counilman William H. Cole IV: received $5,500 in campaign contributions from Grand Prix-connected interests
Governor Martin O'Malley: received $7,000 in campaign contributions from Grand Prix-connected interests
All in all, not a bad buy for $42k.
For those who are puzzled why the Baltimore Grand Prix has so deeply angered so many city residents, it's because it is a symbol of the problems residents are having with a city government that is increasingly not governing in the best interests of its residents, but instead in the best interests of its corporate funders.
In the Grand Prix you have yet another large project that promises wealth and jobs for Baltimore City, yet residents are growing increasingly sketpical of such pie-in-the-sky promises from entrepreneurs/developers.
You have a project that takes over part of our city, that will be large, and disruptive, and mainly for the entertainment of out of town visitors.
You have destruction of parts of our property to better aid in the profits of these entrepreneurs and the entertainment of the tourists.
And you have a bunch of money changing hands on the upper levels that won't trickle down to the city and its residents much more than some street repaving and some new growth trees replanted to replace the large, beautiful old growth trees that were destroyed in the name of entreprenneurial profit and out of town tourist enjoyment.
Residents are growing increasingly resentful at City Hall over such community sacrifices for corporate profits, especially when we see our city services cut or threatened on an almost daily basis.
This is why so many of us are mad.
Source.
For more reading - Ed Ericson has an interesting article in the Baltimore Citypaper.
WASHINGTON — Likely presidential candidate Mitt Romney wants to use the promise of huge tax breaks to entice large corporations to move their overseas profits back to the United States, in hopes they would create a wealth of new jobs for US workers.
The payoff would be significant and almost immediate, generating “hundreds of thousands — if not millions — of good, permanent, private sector jobs,'' Romney told Republicans in Bartlett, N.H., last weekend. “We want that money that's [invested overseas] to come here — to invest in new factories, and new jobs, new equipment.''
Some economists, however, strongly questioned such predictions, pointing to the limited impact of a similar effort, in 2004. That break — made only for one year — brought more than $300 billion back to the United States, but sev eral studies indicate it did not deliver on promises to boost jobs.
“A cash infusion into the economy is not a bad thing,'' said Kristin Forbes, an MIT Sloan School of Management professor who cowrote a widely cited study examining the results of the break. “But it didn't accomplish the stated goals of bringing jobs and investment to the US.''
Forbes was a member of President George W. Bush's council of economic advisers when Congress approved the tax break as part of broader legislation. Bush signed the bill even though his administration had concerns over whether the provision would be effective.
If Romney, who founded the investment firm Bain Capital in Boston, runs for president in 2012, he is expected to make economic growth the cornerstone of his campaign.
The overseas tax plan is one of a few specific economic proposals Romney has revealed in speeches, while often settling instead on broadsides against President Obama's policies.
The former Massachusetts governor and his aides declined to provide any more details about the overseas tax plan. A spokesman said he would tailor it to create as many jobs as possible.
“Mitt Romney's intent in supporting repatriation is to make America stronger economically, and he'd look at specific ways of structuring this tax change so that it resulted in the creation of jobs,'' Eric Fehrnstrom said in an e-mail.
Romney's pitch mirrors an emerging corporate campaign that has been lobbying Congress and the White House to enact another one-year tax break. The issue involves a section of the tax code that applies to the profits earned by foreign subsidiaries of American corporations.
When profits are earned in the United States, they are subject to a 35 percent corporate tax rate. But if they are earned in another country, the multinational company can choose to be taxed instead by that country.
VICTORIA — British Columbia's Prosecution Service says a woman has been charged with uttering death threats aimed at Premier Christy Clark and Speaker Steve Thomson.
The service says a special prosecutor approved charges of uttering threats to cause death or bodily harm against Pavla Janeckova of Kelowna, B.C.
The threats are alleged to have occurred around April 30 this year in Kelowna.
Special prosecutor appointed
Kris Pechet was appointed May 3 as the special prosecutor in the case because the prosecution service says it wanted to avoid any potential for real or perceived improper influence in the administration of justice in light of the people involved.
Pechet is a senior lawyer in New Westminster and was given the mandate to provide legal advice to RCMP investigators and conduct any related charge assessment.
Janeckova's first court appearance on the charges is set for June 30.
The service didn't release any details on the nature of the alleged threats and says it won't be making more comments now that the case is before the courts.
Also On HuffPost:
Hannah Button - PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) --- Jeff Banta fought back tears Thursday as he described the final moments of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge standoff.
Banta, the first defendant to take the witness stand, said he didn't want to be there as the FBI and Rev. Franklin Graham worked to get his friend David Fry to surrender.
"I didn't want to hear a gunshot," he said.
The 47-year-old from Nevada told jurors it was a Facebook video of Ammon Bundy talking about Dwight and Steve Hammond that initially brought him to the refuge.
"I couldn't believe the story," he said. "I thought maybe I could go help out on the ranch since they were going to prison."
Banta said he didn't have a plan when he got in his car and drove 6 hours to Burns on January 9. He spent a few hours at the refuge going into different buildings, grilling burgers and talking to people, including LaVoy Finicum, before heading to a motel.
Based on his conversations that day, Banta said he was under the impression "things were being worked out" at the refuge. At that point, he didn't think the occupation was illegal because, if it was, law enforcement would have already taken action.
After dropping some supplies off at the refuge the next morning, Banta got back in his car and headed home to Nevada.
But it wasn't long before he came across another Facebook video that struck a chord with him. This one showed the Bureau of Land Management blocking ranchers from putting out fires on their own land, which made Banta see why many were angry with the government.
He said it was the first time he felt concerned about federal government overreach.
"Like most people I didn't have a clue," he said. "It opened my eyes."
Out of work and eager to stand up for what he believed in, Banta got in his car once again and made the 6-hour drive back to Burns.
Banta hoped to meet the Bundys this time and ask for their help connecting with the Hammond family. He briefly met both Ammon and Ryan Bundy when he arrived at the refuge on January 25.
The next morning, both brothers left for a meeting in John Day, a decision that led to Finicum's death and the arrests of several others.
Because of the events that day, Banta told the jury he never got to ask the Bundys for help getting in touch with the Hammonds.
Once news of Finicum's death reached the refuge, Banta said the atmosphere became chaotic and many people started to leave.
"I figured the feds were coming in," he said. "If they were already shooting people, maybe they'd come shoot us too."
Occupier Duane Ehmer, whom Banta quickly came to respect, said he was staying put because the FBI "shot 2 of his friends." After hearing someone ask, "What about LaVoy? He died for nothing?" Banta also decided to stay.
But 2 men who claimed to be retired Navy SEALs used the shift at the refuge after Finicum's death as an opportunity to incite violence, Banta testified. The pair claimed to have dynamite and said they were going to blow up the refuge's dike.
Banta described them as shady and said he later learned a majority of other occupiers felt the same way. Ehmer ended up leaving to go home to his family because the alleged SEALs brought a "bad element" to the standoff.
"I guess I was involved at that point," Banta said as to why he didn't leave with Ehmer. "I didn't feel comfortable that the FBI would just let us walk out of there."
Banta didn't get much sleep in the following days. He said drones were overhead "nonstop" and he was under the impression the FBI was trying to provoke them.
"They flew low drones so [we] would shoot [them] out of the sky," he theorized. "Then the FBI could say 'shots fired.'"
As the days went on, more people left the refuge and eventually Banta, Fry and Sean and Sandy Anderson were the only ones left. The group was suspicious of the FBI and didn't want to leave out of fear of being charged with federal crimes.
"I didn't see any way out of there," Banta said.
Each of the 4 holdouts spent time talking to Rev. Graham on the phone, and some also took calls from FBI crisis negotiators. But Banta felt the FBI was manipulating them into making incriminating statements that were likely being recorded.
Banta said livestreams from the refuge that the public could watch online were a "lifeline" for the group, and without them "the FBI could control the narrative."
On February 11, Graham and the FBI were staged outside the refuge, pressuring the group to finally surrender.
"It's over. Be a leader, be a man," Banta recalled an FBI agent saying over a loudspeaker.
Sean and Sandy surrendered first, with Banta following close behind. Fry came out 30 minutes later after making everyone say "hallelujah".
They were all charged with federal conspiracy to impede federal employees from carrying out their work at the refuge through intimidation, threats or force.
"In my opinion, what's behind this is pure evil. I'm sure Satan has his hand in this," Banta testified, referring to the actions of the FBI.
He said he believes several FBI employees are "Satan's puppets".
Banta told the jury he never considered pleading guilty because he "never [did] anything wrong."
The Malheur trial resumed Thursday despite a motion from Bundy's lawyers seeking a postponement until a court rules on their appeals.
Among other things, attorneys Marcus Mumford and J. Morgan Philpot have taken issue with Judge Anna Brown's order that the ownership of the refuge is not on trial, and her notice to jurors that the federal government owns the refuge.
Plot summary Edit
The Sorcerer traps Aladdin in the magic cave. The story is often "re-told" with variations—the following is a precis of the Burton translation of 1885.[3] Aladdin is an impoverished young ne'er-do-well, dwelling in "one of the cities of China". He is recruited by a sorcerer from the Maghreb, who passes himself off as the brother of Aladdin's late father, Mustapha the tailor, convincing Aladdin and his mother of his good will by pretending to set up the lad as a wealthy merchant. The sorcerer's real motive is to persuade young Aladdin to retrieve a wonderful oil lamp from a booby-trapped magic cave. After the sorcerer attempts to double-cross him, Aladdin finds himself trapped in the cave. Aladdin is still wearing a magic ring the sorcerer has lent him. When he rubs his hands in despair, he inadvertently rubs the ring and a jinnī (or "genie") appears who releases him from the cave so that he can return to his mother—still carrying the lamp. When his mother tries to clean the lamp, so they can sell it to buy food for their supper, a second far more powerful genie appears who is bound to do the bidding of the person holding the lamp. With the aid of the genie of the lamp, Aladdin becomes rich and powerful and marries Princess Badroulbadour, the sultan's daughter (after magically foiling her marriage to the vizier's son). The genie builds Aladdin and his bride a wonderful palace, far more magnificent than the sultan's. The sorcerer hears of Aladdin's good fortune, and returns; he gets his hands on the lamp by tricking Aladdin's wife (who is unaware of the lamp's importance) by offering to exchange "new lamps for old". He orders the genie of the lamp to take the palace, along with all its contents, to his home in the Maghreb. Aladdin still has the magic ring and is able to summon the lesser genie. The genie of the ring cannot directly undo any of the magic of the genie of the lamp, but he is able to transport Aladdin to the Maghreb where, with the help of the "woman's wiles" of the princess he recovers the lamp and slays the sorcerer, returning the palace to its proper place. The sorcerer's more powerful and evil brother plots to destroy Aladdin for killing his brother by disguising himself as an old woman known for her healing powers. Badroulbadour falls for his disguise and commands the "woman" to stay in her palace in case of any illnesses. Aladdin is warned of this danger by the genie of the lamp and slays the imposter. Everyone lives happily ever after, Aladdin eventually succeeding to his father-in-law's throne.
Sources Edit
Setting Edit
The opening sentences of the story, in both the Galland and the Burton versions, set it in China and imply, at least, that Aladdin is Chinese.[9] On the other hand, there is practically nothing in the rest of the story that is inconsistent with an Arabian or Middle Eastern setting. For instance, the Sultan is referred to as such rather than being called the "Emperor", as in some re-tellings, and the people in the story are Muslims: their conversation is larded with devout Muslim platitudes. A Jewish merchant buys Aladdin's wares (and incidentally cheats him), but there is no mention of Buddhists or Confucians (or other distinctively Han Chinese people). China's ethnic makeup has long included Muslim groups, including large populations of the Hui people whose origins go back to Silk Road travellers. In addition, large communities of Muslim Chinese have been known since the Tang Dynasty, as well as Jewish communities. Some have even suggested that the intended setting may be Turkestan (encompassing Central Asia and the modern Chinese province of Xinjiang).[10] For all this, speculation about a "real" Chinese setting depends on a knowledge of China that the teller of a folk tale (as opposed to a geographic expert) might well not possess.[11]
Adaptations Edit
Gallery Edit
Aladdin trades the silver plates to a Jew for a piece of gold
The Sorcerer tricks a handmaiden and offers "new lamps for old lamps".
Aladdin in Disney's stage show.
See also Edit
References Edit
Bibliography Edit
Further reading Edit
Win! Two copies of the game and a 3DS Circle Pad Pro bundle up for grabs
Videogames don't come more nerve-jangling than the Resident Evil series. The games have been a staple of small screen scares for more than 15 years, but now you can experience the terror on the bus, in the office or even on the loo thanks to Resident Evil: Revelations – a brand-new entry in the series set between the events of Resident Evil s 4 and 5.
Series favourites Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield return, along with new characters Clive R O'Brian and mysterious agent Raymond Vester, for a complex, intertwining narrative experience. Jill and BSAA partner Parker Luciani have been sent to search for Chris Redfield, whose last known whereabouts put him onboard a supposedly abandoned ship. Danger hides around every corner as you explore the confined space of the ship and face menacing new enemies and the T-Abyss virus.
In a first for the 3DS Resident Evil: Revelations heralds the return of classic Resident Evil game play in campaign mode, while the brand new Raid Mode offers a different kind of Resident Evil gameplay experience, in either solo or co-op play. Compete as Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield on a variety of missions to defeat enemies, earn points and select from a range of upgrades to improve your weapon's performance as well as level up your character.
Built from the ground up specifically to make the best use of the Nintendo 3DS capabilities, players can utilise the new Circle Pad Pro accessory with Resident Evil: Revelations for more effective expert play, or as a traditional “twin-stick shooter”. You can also make use of the Touch Screen to solve puzzles, switch between weapons more easily and check out the labyrinthine map.
Resident Evil: Revelations is on sale across the country from 27 January 2012 as a standalone game or limited edition bundle, including a copy of the game and the new Circle Pad Pro accessory. Resi fans are in luck, however, because we have two standalone units and one bundle to give away to three lucky winners. To be in with a chance of winning take a shot at the following simple question .
I love me some classic games. The problem is, the older they get, the trickier they are to get working. Over the years I've gone through many different cleaning processes, but the video above illustrates my favorite of all the cleaning methods. This method is easily the most costly, timely, and messy one, but it really does wonders for games that are otherwise on the fritz. I have performed miracles with this stuff, getting games that I've otherwise thought had no chance of surviving into great working condition.
If you've watched the video and you're ready to jump in there, here is a handy list of everything you'll need to get cleaning.
Required:
Mother's Mag & Aluminum Polish
3.8MM gamebit
Some sort of cloth (anything will do, from an old t-shirt, microfiber cloth, or in the case of the above video, an old burp cloth)
Optional:
Mr. Clean Magic Eraser
Windex
Q-Tips
All Purpose Cleaner
Most of this stuff you probably already have around the house, so the only hurdle should be the gamebit and the polish (which you can pick up at automotive stores if you don't want to grab it online).
I have written more in-depth articles in the past about cleaning games, restoring entire consoles like the N64 and the NES respectively, but I decided to make this video after buying Kabuki Quantum Fighter at MAGFest and it's needing just a bit of care in order for me to get it working perfectly. As I said before, it takes some time, but it's well worth it.
Have fun.
Asia markets turned positive on Monday but traders remained wary ahead of a potential rate hike by the Federal Reserve this week.
South Korea's Kospi finished up 0.97 percent or 20.2 points at 2,117.59, as investors shrugged off the political risks after President Park Geun-hye was removed from office last Friday.
Park left the presidential Blue House on Sunday, two days after the Constitutional Court's decision to uphold her impeachment by the National Assembly over a corruption scandal, which also involves Samsung's de facto chief Jay Y. Lee.
"(The South Korean ruling) implies that the Korean society chose reform and justice over concerns on near-term economics and stability," said CW Chung, managing director at Nomura Securities, in a Monday note.
"From now on, the issue is whether such political changes can lead to improvements in commercial laws and renovation in old-fashioned practices and eventually the re-rating of the Korean stock market," Chung added.
South Korean financial regulators announced Friday that they were investigating nine executives from Samsung suspected of participating in insider trading during a merger of two subsidiaries. The probe began after the country's stock exchange reported the suspected insider trading, said Kim Hongsik, director of the capital markets investigation unit at the Financial Services Commission, according to reports.
Samsung's fashion unit Cheil Industries Inc. merged with the parent company's construction arm Samsung C&T Corp. in an all-stock deal worth 8.9 trillion won ($7.7 million) in July, according to Yonhap. A report by the New York Times, which cited local media, said that the executives bought up to 50 billion won ($43.1 million) worth of shares of Cheil before the merger. Cheil's stocks were said to have risen steadily until May 26, when the merger was announced.
"We've probed the allegation. It's true that they bought Cheil Industries shares, but we found nothing illegal as their stock purchases were worth only 100 or 200 billion won," an official from Samsung said, according to Yonhap, adding: "They just engaged in normal stock investment. Some of them even don't know about the exact amount as they had entrusted their money to asset managers."
Samsung said in a statement, according to Bloomberg: “We understand the investigation involving certain individuals is still in its early stage. We will wait until the authorities conclude their investigation.”
According to a Bloomberg report, the deal was valued at $9.3 billion in May and the shares of Cheil, which has members from the founding Lee family as its majority shareholders, soared after the announcement.
According to the Times, the merger drew attention because of a father-to-son transfer of power in the Lee family. Elliott Associates, a New York activist hedge fund, which had accumulated 7.12 percent of Samsung C&T before the merger, had opposed the deal. The hedge fund said the deal would be unfair to minority shareholders as it undervalued Samsung C&T shares in a bid to help Samsung Chairman Lee Kun-hee's son Lee Jae-yong inherit the group's leadership.
The combined entity now has Samsung Electronics Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong as the majority shareholder, the Washington Post reported.
The merger enabled Cheil to absorb Samsung C&T's shares in other Samsung subsidiaries, including Samsung Electronics, further consolidating the family's influence over the entire group, according to the Times. The deal was approved by shareholders by a narrow margin in May.
Oxfam International's Growing a Better Future: Food Justice in a Resource-Constrained World is a thorough and fascinating examination of failures in our current food system and future challenges related to production, equity, and resilience. It reports newly-commissioned research, carried out by modelers at the Institute of Development Studies, to assess future agricultural productivity and food prices given the anticipated impacts of climate change.But both the modeling work and the report text utilize a single projection for population growth: the UN's 2008 medium variant projection of 9.1 billion by 2050 (which has since been revised by the UN up to 9.3 billion ). Early on, the report does recognize some degree of uncertainty about this number: “Greater investment in solutions that increase women's empowerment and security – by improving access to education and health care in particular – will slow population growth and achieve stabilization at a lower level.” But such investments do not appear in the report's overall recommendations or Oxfam's food security agenda. This is perhaps a missed opportunity, since the range of possibilities for future population growth is wide : the UN's low variant for 2050 is 8.1 billion, and the high variant is 10.6 billion.is another frequently-cited report published by the International Food Policy Research Institute in 2010. In recognizing that economic growth and demographic change have important implications for future food security, IFPRI researchers modeled multiple scenarios for the future: an “optimistic” scenario which embodies high GDP growth and low population growth, a “pessimistic” scenario with low GDP growth and high population growth, and a “baseline” scenario which incorporates moderate GDP growth and the UN's medium population projection. Each of these scenarios was then combined with five different climate change scenarios to better understand a range of possible futures.Using different socioeconomic scenarios enabled researchers to better understand the significance of socioeconomic variables for future food security outcomes. The first key message from the report is that “broad-based economic development is central to improvements in human well-being, including sustainable food security and resilience to climate change.” This focus on economic development is based in part on the “optimistic scenario,” which counts on high GDP and low population growth (translating to high rates of per capita GDP growth).Unfortunately, the socioeconomic scenario construction for this analysis doesn't allow for an independent assessment of the significance of slower population growth, since high population growth is paired only with low GDP and lower population growth is paired only with high GDP. Therefore, none of the report's recommendations includes reference to reproductive health, women's empowerment, or other interventions that would contribute directly to a slower population growth path.Without a more nuanced treatment of population projections in technical analysis and popular reporting on food security, decision-makers in the realm of food security may not be exposed to the idea that population growth, a factor so critical in many areas where food security is already a challenge, is a phenomenon that is responsive to policy and programmatic interventions – interventions that are based on human rights and connected to well-established and accepted development goals.There are some positive signs that this conversation is evolving. A new climate change, food security, and population model developed by the Futures Group enables policymakers and program managers to quickly and easily assess the impact of slower population growth on a country's future food requirements and rates of childhood malnutrition. In the case of Ethiopia , for example, the model demonstrates that by 2050, a slower population growth path would make up for the caloric shortfall that is likely to arise from the impact of climate change on agriculture and would cut in half the number of underweight children.And recently, we've begun to see some of this more nuanced treatment of population, family planning, and food security linkages in a riveting, year-long reporting series (though perhaps unfortunately named), Food for 9 Billion , a collaboration between American Public Media's, Homelands Productions, the Center for Investigative Reporting, and PBS
So maybe solving the world's food problem isn't just about solving the world's food problem. It's also about giving women the tools they want, so they can make the decisions they want – here in the world's poorest places.
In January, reporter Sam Eaton highlighted the success of integrated population-health-environment programs in the Philippines, such as those initiated by PATH Foundation Philippines , that are seeing great success in delivering community-based programs that promote food security through a combination of fisheries management and family planning service delivery. Reporting from the Philippines in an in-depth piece for PBS NewsHour , Eaton concluded:Making clear connections of this nature between population issues and the most pressing challenges of our day may be the missing link that will help to mobilize the political will and financial resources to finally fully meet women's needs for family planning around the world – an effort that, if started today, can have ongoing benefits that will become only more significant over time. Integrating reproductive health services into food security programs and strategies is an important start.Back in Malawi, just before we turned off the highway to the Lilongwe airport, I asked the taxi driver to pull over in front of a big billboard. We both smiled as we looked at the huge government-sponsored image of a woman embracing an infant. The billboard proclaimed: “No woman should die while giving life. Everyone has a role to play.” Exactly. The reproductive health services that save women's lives are the same services that can slow population growth and bring food security within closer reach.
Photo: Frazer Harrison/Getty Images
Say, who's that miserable-looking woman whose haunting melodies have soundtracked Colin Farrell's barroom angst on True Detective this season? It's Nashville singer-songwriter Lera Lynn, who, it turns out, is also the mystery woman heard in True D's first season-two teaser. Along with music supervisor T Bone Burnett and Rosanne Cash, Lynn wrote a number of songs on the True Detective soundtrack; she spoke to Vulture from her kitchen about her work on the show and made it very clear that she is not playing herself in those smoky bar scenes.
How did you end up working with T Bone Burnett on these songs?
He worked with my manager, Sheri Sands, on the Raising Sand record with Robert Plant and Alison Krauss. Sheri spoke to him about an EP that I released last March, Lying in the Sun, and he was interested in using the title track for True Detective. He scheduled a lunch meeting with me in Nashville and asked if I would be interested in co-writing with him. Of course I said yes. So I flew to L.A. and we started working on songs immediately. We wrote and recorded several songs in a matter of two days. He invited Nic Pizzolatto and [producer] Scott Stephens to listen to what we'd done, and they dug it! So we kept working, and here we are.
Do you always write songs that quickly?
It happens differently for me. Sometimes I'll write an entire song in my sleep, just as I'm waking up. And sometimes I'll spend four months on a song. But these were full songs. No rough drafts or revisions. The versions you hear are the versions we wrote.
What was the collaboration process like?
It was very loose and easy. For someone like me, walking into that situation for the first time, I was like, “We should really work! Let's sit down and write all this out!” [Laughs.] Obviously, T Bone is … seasoned. And I think he really wanted to capture the sort of raw, unrefined kind of tone. And I think that's part of why we didn't really linger too long on any of the material.
How did you guys come up with the song from Sunday's episode “Church in Ruins”?
For all the songs, Nic Pizzolatto gave us cues for writing them. I can't tell you what the relevance is to the plot, if any. Or if there's deeper meaning. If I had to guess, with that guy, everything means something! For “Church in Ruins,” that was the cue that we were given: He wanted a song about a church in ruins. You can take that wherever you want. It could mean a million things.
Would he have feedback after giving you these cues, or would he leave you alone?
He trusts T Bone, so he just gave him the short cues, and then T Bone ran with it.
The bar scenes where you're performing have been some of my favorite in this season. What was it like filming there?
Everything just came together in that scene, didn't it? That place is amazing, I was just completely blown away. You know it's a set, but that's how detailed the set designs are: Being in there felt like you were in a real dirty dive bar. I didn't want to touch anything! There's smoke — it's just what it looks like. It helped put me in the right frame of mind to be that character singing that song.
That's one thing I wanted to clear up: Are you playing yourself, or are you a character?
I am definitely not playing myself! [Laughs.] I would like that to be widely known.
How did you create that character, then?
I think it's important for the show to have cohesion. Every character is broken, has clearly made some mistakes, is conflicted, tortured, twisted, all those things. I remember when I first met Nic and Scott Stephens, I was myself that day — healthy, I like to think. And I remember Nic saying, ‘That's not going to make any sense. Why would you be in this dive bar playing this beautiful music? We're going to have to give you a third eye or something, to make it fit.” I'm glad they didn't give me a third eye. You can't see it, but they did give me track marks for every shoot. Makeup, dark circles, yellow teeth, cracked lips. They put oil in my hair. The whole nine yards.
She's clearly seen some stuff.
Yeah. And I also never sit when I perform. I think it's important to stand when you perform. It's much more engaging for the audience.
What's the dingiest dive bar you've ever played in in real life?
I can't remember a specific name, but I do remember playing some kind of outdoor sports bar in Charleston. And nobody gave a shit! They were mostly glued to the TVs and yelling at the TVs when I was playing. The Black Rose looks good compared to some of the places I've played.
How did you guys write the song from that first bar scene, “Least Favorite Life”?
That was a collaboration between Rosanne and T Bone and me. The cue was, write a song about a lover who dies and turns into a crow. Rosanne wrote the lyrics. It's the first time I've never participated in the lyric writing of a song, which is often the most challenging part for me. The music part usually comes pretty easily. I just love what she wrote. Everything she wrote is beautiful, very heady. It's perfect for the character, the girl singing the song.
I remember after I saw the first True Detective teaser, I emailed HBO to ask who did the song in it, and they were very cagey about your identity. Why do you think that was?
My guess is that it's a detective show. They want to build a mystery.
Samsung devices are selling like gangbusters, and while this could be taken as a sign that many people are fine with TouchWiz as it is, that hasn't stopped a flood of critics (including us, on occasion) from lambasting the company's sense of design. Either the icons are too childish, the interface is overly cluttered, or it just feels bloated. The interface hasn't had a makeover in quite some time, but the latest image shared by @evleaks suggests that things may be about to change.
For comparison, here's how TouchWiz currently looks on the Galaxy S4.
Aside from the obvious change of font, the leaked image shows a completely new look for the default apps and a set of tiles or widgets that are somewhat reminiscent of HTC's BlinkFeed. Overall, elements are a bit flatter than they used to be.
At the end of the day, this is just a leaked image, and that alone isn't evidence that TouchWiz will one day take this form. Still, these images may inform us of the direction Samsung is moving in. What do you think?
Source: @evleaks
THE Wallabies' crushing win over Argentina has left coach Michael Cheika with plenty of selection headaches.
Here's what we thought of Australia's 34-9 Rugby Championship triumph in Mendoza, which sets up a mouth-watering decider against the All Blacks in a fortnight.
RECAP: WALLABIES GET REVENGE, BONUS POINT IN MENDOZA
1) James Slipper — 3/10
Nights out in Mendoza don't get much worse than this.
Slipper was given a torrid time by Pumas tight-head Ramiro Herrera before trudging off Estadio Malvinas Argentinas just before half-time.
At first it seemed the Reds prop had suffered the ignominy of being dragged early by Cheika but he'd actually failed a concussion test.
Either way, he's now under immense pressure to keep his starting spot ahead of the rising Scott Sio.
2) Stephen Moore — 7
As expected, Moore has settled into the captaincy gig seamlessly with the extra responsibility not affecting the quality of his core duties.
Got away with a wonky throw early on and the scrum remains inconsistent but other than that he churned through the dirty work in typical fashion.
The hooker even introduced some rarely sighted flair with a pass fake then silky offload.
The skipper will be dining out on that come the video review session.
3) Greg Holmes — 5
He registered a rare line break but props are measured by the scrum and the Wallabies' was again wobbly when Holmes was on the field.
Referee Jaco Peyper was more interested in Slipper's technique than Holmes' but nonetheless the Queenslander missed an opportunity to nail a starting spot after a long hiatus from Test rugby.
Will Skelton of Australia fights for the ball with Javier Ortega Desio of Argentina. Source: Getty Images
4) Will Skelton — 7
There are still plenty of rough edges — ill discipline and silly, unnecessary late tackles.
But, after a quiet Test against South Africa, the positives far outweighed the negatives as Skelton silenced some critics with a powerful performance.
He's carrying his 140kg well, fit enough to still make an impact in the 74th minute with a crunching hit on Pumas prop Matias Diaz.
Skelton also made four tackle busts from only five runs — remarkable for a giant lock.
5) Rob Simmons — 6
The Reds lock is mostly anonymous in general play, with impactful runs or tackles a rarity.
But Simmons is justifying his reputation as a lineout supremo, responsible for eight of the Wallabies' 10 takes, including an important steal when Argentina were hot on attack and the game was still in the balance.
He was also Australia's second leading tackler, with 12, and didn't miss one, but conversely conceded two turnovers.
6) Scott Fardy — 5
A quiet match for the bearded blindside before he limped off early in the second half.
Fardy is in the team for his lineout ability and willingness to do the dirty work but the drums are beating for David Pocock and Michael Hooper to join forces in the back-row.
David Pocock of Australia fights for the ball with Agustin Creevy of Argentina. Source: Getty Images
7) David Pocock — 9
An immense 80 minute performance in his first Test start since December 2012.
First the stats: 16 tackles without a miss, four tackle busts, a line break and a memorable turnover late in the first half when he won a penalty with his strong presence over the ball.
But Pocock also provides vital leadership qualities that had been sorely missing throughout his injury-enforced absence.
The flanker revs up those around him and also offers wise decision making counsel for captain Moore.
8) Ben McCalman — 6
Super Rugby's leading metre eater put in a decent enough shift before making way for Hooper early in the second half.
He's less flashy than rival No 8 Scott Higginbotham, but McCalman's willingness to engage in close-quarter combat makes him more suited to a starting spot.
But it might all be irrelevant if Cheika decides to roll out old faithful Wycliff Palu against the All Blacks, following a freshening up spell for the big Waratah.
9) Nick Phipps — 7
He fumbled a couple of times, but overall Phipps' energy and delivery was impressive.
Doesn't offer the same running threat as the injured Will Genia but he's brave in defence.
Genia's misfortune means Phipps is at short odds to start the World Cup as the No 1 halfback.
10) Bernard Foley — 4
Twitter was abuzz with punters comparing their golf swings with Foley's kicking form.
We're assuming that's not a good thing, after Foley went 5/9 from the tee.
It wasn't just the fact he was missing them — the confidence and technique was all awry, almost managing to shank one from right in front of the posts.
His general play was OK, including an excellent offload for Tevita Kuridrani's try, but goalkicking is emerging as a massive concern in World Cup year.
He also missed four tackles.
11) Joe Tomane — 6
Joltin' Joe didn't see a huge amount of ball on the left wing but he took his try well to give the Wallabies a first half lead.
The powerful Brumby also slipped a team-high three offloads to go with 59 run metres.
Cheika now has three strong contenders for the No 11 jersey: Tomane, Rob Horne and Henry Speight, available again after serving his suspension.
Australia's Matt Toomua runs past Argentina's Nicolas Sanchez. Source: AFP
12) Matt Toomua — 5
Spare a thought for the Brumbies man, who is having a luckless 2015.
After an injury plagued Super Rugby season, Toomua had some promising early touches before running into the shoulder of opposite Juan Pablo Socino after just eight minutes.
Toomua failed his concussion test and is in doubt for the Bledisloe Cup Test in Sydney.
13) Tevita Kuridrani — 6
Didn't see much action but is becoming a late try-scoring specialist after he finished a move involving slick handling from Hooper, Foley and Kurtley Beale.
Is currently unchallenged as the Wallabies' No 13 and could do with someone breathing down his neck.
14) Adam Ashley-Cooper — 6
Scoring Australia's bonus-point try was a fitting way for the 31-year-old to celebrate his 100th Test start.
Not the world's most dynamic winger but ultra reliable and strong in defence with a knack for reading the play.
Israel Folau of Australia tries to evade Facundo Isa of Argentina. Source: Getty Images
15) Israel Folau — 9
Another superb performance.
He didn't score himself, but Folau set up the Tomane and Ashley-Cooper tries with purposeful, assertive running.
Brilliant under the high ball, Folau's kicking game is not the best in the world but when you're 103kg and can run like the wind, who cares?
His positional play is also getting better and better.
RESERVES
16) Tatafu Polota-Nau — 7
Regarded as Australia's strongest scrummaging hooker, Polota-Nau lived up to that billing as the Pumas suddenly started getting shunted backwards.
With the skipper in front of him, Polota-Nau's opportunities will be scarce but, as asked, he added real impact off the bench.
Great to see him firing again after his concussion scares.
17) Scott Sio — 7
Surely it's time to take off the training wheels and give the Brumbies loose-head a start against the All Blacks?
Sio struggled in his first scrum but things clicked beautifully in tandem with Polota-Nau and Sekope Kepu.
Time to see what he can do from the opening whistle.
18) Sekope Kepu — 7
Below his best against the Springboks, Kepu may well have won back his No 3 jersey with an impressive cameo in Mendoza.
19) Dean Mumm — 8
Mumm's selection was a surprise but he repaid Cheika's faith with eye-catching impact off the bench, playing as a blindsided flanker for the injured Fardy.
His try — dancing down the right-hand touch — was one a winger would have been proud of.
20) Michael Hooper — 7
A ball of energy off the bench, impactful will ball in hand and in defence.
He occasionally makes poor decisions and shoots out of the line by himself but the pros well and truly outweigh the cons.
Surely it's time to try the Pocock-Hooper starting combination?
21) Nic White — 5
A brief run off the bench to shake off some cobwebs.
A capable back-up.
22) Quade Cooper — 4
It was surprising to see Cooper enter the fray for Toomua instead of Beale at No 12.
Cooper's passing and kicking was scratchy and even when he does good things, his teammates just aren't on the same wavelength.
A silly yellow card further blotted his copybook and five-eighth remains Cheika's biggest headache.
23) Kurtley Beale — 8
This is a high rating for such a brief cameo but Beale had two lovely touches to set up the late tries to Kuridrani and Ashley-Cooper.
A real contender to start at inside centre against the All Blacks, particularly if Toomua is not right.
WHAT DO YOU THINK? HAVE YOUR SAY IN OUR POLL AND COMMENTS SECTION BELOW!
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — A typical college football regular season is 12 games, with most top programs figuring out a way to have seven home games.
But Jack Swarbrick, Notre Dame's athletic director, deserves some kind of medal — perhaps it is time for a Nobel Prize in Mathematics — for the scheduling feat he pulled off this season, in which Notre Dame will play only three games on an opponent's home field.
The scheduling quirk coincided with the season in which Notre Dame, which has long maintained its independent status in football, begins its quasi membership in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Fighting Irish met their first A.C.C. opponent of the season Saturday night, facing Syracuse at MetLife Stadium, home of the Giants and the Jets. The Orange were officially the home team.
Notre Dame improved to 4-0 with a 31-15 victory. Quarterback Everett Golson had a good outing despite several turnovers, including a botched attempt to down the ball near the goal line and a fourth-quarter interception that was returned for a touchdown. Helped by a game plan heavy on screen and swing passes, Golson at one stretch completed 25 straight passes, one short of the Football Bowl Subdivision single-game record, according to The Associated Press. He finished with four touchdown passes and a career-high 362 yards, but summed up his play as “sloppy.”
This article is over 2 years old
Actor nails the Republican's ‘braggadocio-inflected voice' in her surprise performance at Public Theater Gala in New York
Meryl Streep's latest physical transformation for a role has taken a red tie, a hairpiece, and a face full of fake tan.
The three-time Oscar winner also donned a padded suit to impersonate Donald Trump at the annual Shakespeare in the Park Public Theater Gala in New York City on Monday night.
The New York Times said Streep's Trump was “more than credible ... down to the pursed lips and low-hanging belly”: “She got the braggadocio-inflected voice, too, even while singing.”
Her performance was said to be something of a surprise even to organisers, with Oskar Eustis, the Public Theater's artistic director, giving full credit to Streep.
Jack Moore (@JackPMoore) Meryl Streep dressed up like Donald Trump tonight and Christine Baranski loved it. Sometimes the world is perfect. pic.twitter.com/NLg9FSUYiK
“Utterly her idea, beginning to end,” he told the Times. “There were skeptics, there were doubters, but one of those skeptics was not Meryl Streep. She was absolutely sure she could do it. None of us had seen her in costume or makeup till she walked out tonight.”
Actor Kate Burton, who also performed at the gala, said Streep was demonstrating Trump's mannerisms in their shared dressing room before the show.
“He apparently does this thing, where he goes to close to his jacket but it doesn't close all the way, and so he kind of goes for it and then he tries to close it again,” Burton said.
Jacob Bernstein (@BernsteinJacob) Meryl Streep just added Donald Trump to her resume at the Public Theater Gala pic.twitter.com/5ftmcKbRjN
“She treats this like she would her greatest roles: she's working on it all the time.”
Her surprise appearance at the Delacorte Theater in Central Park delighted audience members, many of whom shared the news on social media.
Jacob Bernstein (@BernsteinJacob) More of Meryl and Christine Baranski doing Trump and HRC pic.twitter.com/t7jgNsf74d
Streep as Trump joined her Mamma Mia co-star Christine Baranski, dressed as Hillary Clinton, for the closing act of the gala benefit: a number from the 1948 Broadway musical Kiss Me, Kate – adapted from The Taming of the Shrew.
The two performed the duet Brush Up Your Shakespeare, written by Cole Porter and most often performed by male gangsters giving advice on how to quote the Bard to woo women.
Some lyrics of the original were changed, with the Boston Globe reporting that Streep “got bawdier as the song went on”: “Problem now with society, we're all hung up on propriety ... She can sample my Measure for Measure.”
Trump's thoughts on the portrayal are not known, though he has previously expressed admiration for Streep, personally and professionally.
“Meryl Streep is excellent,” he told the Hollywood Reporter. “She's a fine person, too.”
olivia (@omcook) MERYL STREEP SANG FROM KISS ME, KATE WITH CHRISTINE BARANSKI WHILE IMPERSONATING DONALD TRUMP pic.twitter.com/kLhEuwBDuw
Streep issued a statement to the New York Times through a Public Theater spokeswoman on Tuesday afternoon: “I appreciate the interest, but this was a one-off, a once in a (last in a) lifetime appearance of this character.”
Streep, Depp, Fallon … who's the top Trump impersonator? Read more
The performance followed news Clinton, who Streep has expressed open support for, has become the presumptive Democratic nominee, making her the first woman to nab a nomination from a major political party.
Michael Moore, the filmmaker behind Bowling for Columbine and Fahrenheit 9/11, last year suggested that Streep herself run for president on a Democratic ticket.
“The Republicans knew Reagan knew how to talk to American people and get them to vote. In this case you have a beloved person who happens to be in the movies but is also smart and has a heart and is curious,” Moore said.
NEW DELHI: From July 1, you can walk up to a chemist and ask for a ‘Jan Aushadhi' brand for your medicine , with the government set to launch its own brand to sell low cost generic medicines.The Centre will procure medicines in bulk from public as well as private drug manufacturing firms and rebrand them under ‘Jan Aushadhi'. These will be sold in the retail market at a competitive price, allowing consumers to buy a cheaper yet quality product from the government, official sources said.To start with, the government has identified 504 essential medicines, which include antibiotics, painkillers, vitamins and medicines used in treatment of cardiovascular, respiratory, diabetes and gastroenterology diseases. “In the first phase, we have mostly identified medicines from the top 100 drugs based on their sales. More medicines as well as medical devices will be included in the second phase,” an official in the know of developments told TOI.In the first phase, these drugs will be made available to 800 select chemists, mostly across Delhi. However, the government plans to expand the reach to most metros by the end of the year.The Bureau of Pharma Public Sector Undertakings of India (BPPI), the nodal agency under the department of pharmaceuticals (DoP) for implementing this project, has already floated the tender seeking application for supply of medicines for the programme.The Indian pharmaceutical retail market, pegged at Rs 87,000 crore annually, is dominated by branded generic products, unlike developed markets like the US and Europe. In other words, while there are very few patented medicines sold in India, most of the medicines available in the market are branded products sold by private firms.Pharmaceutical firms spend huge amounts in creating these brands. However, since prescription-based medicines cannot be promoted through advertisements, companies often push these brands through doctors and chemists. Consumers, who are often unable to make an informed choice for purchasing medicines, have to rely on the doctor's prescription or on chemists. The government's latest move providing an umbrella brand for generic drugs is aimed at enabling consumers to make that choice.However, there are concerns on whether the government will be able to maintain and monitor quality of all products sold under this brand since they will be procured from different firms. Government officials say procurement norms and sampling will ensure quality control.The government, along with BPPI, has held consultations with various stakeholders including pharmaceutical firms to ensure there is regular and adequate supply of medicines. The proposal has also been vetted by the doctor fraternity, bringing on board the Medical Council of India as well as the Indian Medical Association to ensure doctors prescribe Jan Aushadhi drugs “Initially, the government had apprehensions that doctors would not support such a move because it may hurt the private sector. However, we have ensured them full support if the quality of products is maintained,” IMA secretary general K K Aggarwal said. Once the brand is rolled out, the government also plans to make it mandatory for public hospitals to prescribe it wherever possible, an official said.
More Guide to Steak All the methods and tips you need to make perfect steak, each and every time.
"Chicken-fried steak is a dish that's about taking something that's less than palatable, in this case a tough piece of beef, and with a little ingenuity turning it into something delectable," says Lisa Fain, the author of the Homesick Texan. "This perseverance, creativity, and positive attitude completely embraces the spirit of Texas and the Texan way of doing things." In fact, chicken-fried steak is so damn Texan, it has its own day, mandated by no more august body than the Texas State House of Representatives.
"Did you ever eat chicken-fried steak when you were growing up?" I recently asked my Arizona born-and-raised husband, thinking that folks who weren't brought up in Texas or Oklahoma may not be familiar with the dish. He scoffed. "Of course I did. It's not like it's the state dish of Texas or anything."
While he's technically correct—the reach of chicken-fried steak reach extends beyond the Texas state lines—he was missing the point. Chicken-fried steak tells the story of Texas. The dish shows us how a particular global diaspora changed Texas foodways for good, and it brings us back to a time when so-called "country cooking" was just ... cooking.
If you've lived up to this point never having consumed chicken-fried steak, well, that's just not living. Start with the basics: chicken-fried steak is steak, breaded and fried like you would chicken. Purists will argue that you can't use just any beef in chicken-fried steak; traditionally, the cut was tough and cheap—usually round steak—although many cooks and restaurants use higher-end cuts like ribeye or tenderloin these days. After the cook pounds out a piece of round steak with a mallet (or runs it through a tenderizer), she dredges it in seasoned flour, dips it in egg wash, then dredges it in flour again. This process ensures a seal that traps the heat inside the breading and cooks the meat while keeping it tender. The steak is then fried, either in a cast iron skillet or a deep fryer. The golden brown and crunchy result is then slathered in cream gravy, which is made from pan drippings (or bacon grease), flour, milk, and pepper. The final product is a wonderful combination of salt and umami, showcasing the rich creaminess of a well-executed gravy.
According to Robb Walsh in his 2012 encyclopedia of regional Texas cuisine, Texas Eats: The New Lone Star Heritage Cookbook, there are three styles of chicken-fried steak in the Lone Star State. The first is the schnitzel-adjacent Central Texas version; East Texas interpretations skew more stereotypically "Southern," with a thicker, richer breading; West Texan cooks specialize in cowboy-style pan-fried steak, which is coated in flour—skip the eggs—and seared in a skillet. This latter style hearkens back to the 19th century cattle-drive days, when Texan ranchers were sending their herds out West, chasing gold rush money first in California and later in Colorado, as well as supplying cattle to frontier outposts in West Texas and New Mexico, which may account for why the first print instance of chicken-fried steak appears in the Colorado Springs Gazette in June 1914.
While it's nearly impossible to definitively trace the origins of chicken-fried steak in Texas and beyond, the most commonly accepted history of the dish traces a line back to a wave of German immigration to Texas that began in the 1830s. Thousands of people—primarily middle-class farmers and artisans from west-central Germany—arrived seeking opportunities in Texas' wide-open spaces. By the turn of the 20th century, more than 40,000 Germans populated a long stretch of Texas countryside known today as the "German belt," from their point of arrival in the port city of Galveston in the southeastern part of the state to Kerrville, located in the west-central hills.
The Germans brought with them an Austrian dish called wiener schnitzel: a butterflied veal (or sometimes pork) cutlet pounded thin, dipped in eggs and bread crumbs, then deep fried until golden brown. The resulting coating, sometimes referred to as a "carpet of crumbs," is similar to that of chicken-fried steak, but the schnitzel is only dipped once in flour rather than twice, so the coating is a bit thinner and crispier. German settlers likely found that veal and pork were a bit thin on the ground, but that beef was in abundance, especially during the Civil War. During the war, Texas supplied the Confederacy with beef, which led to a steep rise in the cattle population. As such, the switch to cheap cuts of beef in the preparation of wiener schnitzel likely occurred sometime in the mid-19th century.
Despite the fact that over the generations, more and more people flocked from the Hill Country and beyond to the urban areas of Dallas, Austin, Houston, and San Antonio, Texas remains a largely rural state with a sizable population working in agriculture. As such, chicken-fried steak is closely associated with Grandma's scratch cooking in the Texan imagination, although it's safe to say that few people cook chicken-fried steak at home these days. "It's one of those peasant foods that brings you back to the roots," says Jack Gilmore, the boisterous chef behind Jack Allen's Kitchen, a farm-to-table restaurant on the outskirts of Austin. "Every mom and grandma living in the South had bacon drippings in a coffee can on the stove, in between the burners. So you take a cut of meat, pound it out, flour, salt and pepper, cast iron skillet, put some fat in there, and boom."
"That's why grandma was tough," Gilmore laughs. "She used to beat her meat every night."
Says Hoover Alexander, owner of Hoover's Cooking in Austin, "I think chicken-fried steak fits into what I call 'po-folks culture,' using what's available to you to make something nice." Chicken-fried steak has been a menu staple in Texas (and beyond) since the rise of restaurant culture in the 1950s; if you're looking to find the best chicken-fried steak at a restaurant, the prevailing wisdom says you should count the number of pickup trucks in the parking lot (the more the better).
So, what makes a good chicken-fried steak? The first step is the treatment of the meat, which, for authenticity's sake should be a tough cut. "For me, what makes a great chicken-fried steak is the opposite of what you'd think," says Fain. "For instance, you see some restaurants now touting fancy-pants chicken-fried steak made with ribeye steaks, but this misses the point. A ribeye doesn't need to be pounded into submission, breaded, and fried to taste good. It's perfect as is. On the other hand, tougher cuts of beef do need some help, which is where chicken-fried steak excels, as chicken-fried steak is about transforming something not great into something sublime."
But you can't just take a steak and beat the hell out of it and expect your chicken-fried steak to come out right. Kim Pierce, writing in The Oxford Companion to American Food and Drink, cites instructions from The Kentucky Housewife (1839) for the home cook to beat the tough cuts "tender, but do not break them or beat them into rags." It's about finding that sweet spot between too-tough-to-masticate and mushy-enough-for-invalids-and-babies before sending it to the fryer.
While the (correctly prepared) meat is the star of the show, some may argue that the sides make the dish—I like a big mound of mashed potatoes and something green, usually green beans or broccoli (or if I'm at Threadgill's in Austin, broccoli-rice casserole liberally doused with hot sauce). Some people drop the artifice of nutrition and get mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese with their steaks, while others will split the difference and order fried okra.
But for most folks, the deal-breaker is the gravy. "There were several restaurants who were known for their chicken-fried steak but they cheated and used a gravy mix," says Alexander. "I could always tell the difference. You need that little burst of freshly cracked black pepper." Indeed, it's easy to spot a cream-gravy impostor; mix-based gravy almost always tastes pasty, where scratch-made gravy wears its rendered-fat authenticity like a badge.
While you can't really fiddle too much with a dish as iconic as chicken-fried steak, there is some wiggle room for interpretation. At Jack Allen's Kitchen, Gilmore and his team seek to elevate the peasant dish by using New York strip in place of the round steak, but it's the smoky, green-chile-spiked cream gravy redolent of bacon drippings that really sets this variation apart. Hoover's uses cuts that have proven to be "fork tender," meaning they've responded well to judicious tenderizing before being breaded, fried, and topped with a peppery, umami-rich cream gravy made with bacon fat and chicken stock. Hill's Cafe in Austin breads its legendary chicken-fried steak with a cracker-type meal and tops it with a chicken-stock-based "yella gravy."
Beyond Austin's borders, chicken-fried steak negotiates a similar tension between traditional renditions and contemporary attempts to 'elevate' the rustic dish. Folks wait patiently for hours on end—and with good reason—at Sodolak's Beefmasters in Bryan, where the under-$10 chicken-fried steak is nearly as big as the pickup trucks in the parking lot. Meanwhile, in Houston's tony River Oaks neighborhood, Frank's Americana Revival offers up a gut-busting whopper of a chicken-fried steak that will set you back $22 (which probably helps subsidize the cost of the valet service at lunchtime.) Norma's Cafe, an old-school diner in Dallas' humble-yet-gentrifying Oak Cliff neighborhood holds the line amid a burgeoning population of trendy new restaurants with its award-winning chicken-fried steak. But the bottom line is, unless you're eating a pre-pounded frozen cutlet, you'd be hard-pressed to find a bad chicken-fried steak, which is why it has achieved iconic status across generations.
Regardless of whether it's your Oma or a hidden line cook making your chicken-fried steak, in Texas, every instance is an interaction with a complex story of the globalization of people and food. Everything else is gravy.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
UPUA election season, the time each year when the undergraduates at Penn State get to decide who will be the faces of their student government, is upon us. Elections are something that Onward State has covered with the utmost ferocity since our inception. While we like to poke fun at those making the decisions during the year, elections season is a time for hope to spring eternal that the next year may be than the last, and we pride ourselves on helping our readers come to informed decisions on who they think is best equipped to help UPUA make that leap forward. This year, two of Onward State's staff members–Evan Ponter and Ryan Kristobak–have stepped up to the challenge of being the voice of the students in the Seventh Assembly, competing for the presidency alongside the tickets of current UPUA vice president Courtney Lennartz and Katelyn Mullen as well as current UPUA press secretary Maggie Quinn and Gina Feghali. Because of this potential perceived conflict of interest, we feel the need to address concerns regarding how we will proceed with elections coverage this year.
Update: Storm Surge in Delta
Dec 10, 2014, 2 pm: Mayor Lois E. Jackson has cancelled the Local State of Emergency as the situation in Boundary Bay and Beach Grove no longer requires emergency status. Delta staff will continue to monitor tides and weather conditions, and Engineering crews will be inspecting dikes throughout the municipality.
Dec 10, 2014, 10:45 am: There is no localized flooding in Boundary Bay at this time. The temporary berm constructed by Engineering continues to hold up.
We ask the public to continue to stay away from the shoreline and nearby areas to allow crews to respond effectively and immediately.
There are reports of localized flooding on River Road. Staff are attending and monitoring the situation. Conditions in Ladner are also being monitored. Our crews are taking precautionary measures by sandbagging Chisholm Street.
Dec 10, 2014, 8:30 am: The Boundary Bay and Beach Grove areas are expecting high South-East winds coinciding with a high-tide around 9 am, creating a storm surge and an elevated risk of flooding.
We ask the public to stay away from the shoreline and nearby areas to allow crews to respond effectively and immediately.
Dec 9, 2014, 3:45 pm: Mayor Lois E. Jackson declared a Local State of Emergency as the storm surge emergency in the Boundary Bay and Beach Grove requires prompt action or special regulations of persons or property to protect the health, safety or welfare of people or to limit damage to property.
The Local State of Emergency is to remain in force for seven days until December 15, 2014 at midnight, unless cancelled by order of Municipality of Delta of the Minister responsible.
Dec 9, 2014, 3 pm: Please be advised that an elevated flood risk has been identified for tomorrow's high tide at 9 am. Forecasts indicate the high tide will coincide with a storm surge and high winds that make overtopping of the seawalls a strong possibility. As well, high water is anticipated to continue over the next several days given the tides and storm surge.
Delta staff have been following the Staged Flood Response Plan for Boundary Bay and Beach Grove, and are at a heightened stage of readiness given the forecast. Beach access points have been sealed, sand bags and sand are available, message boards have been activated, and additional equipment has been mobilized to the area for possible deployment in case of flooding.
Dec 9, 2014, 2:15 pm: Delta staff have taken emergency action to erect a temporary berm in place of the collapsed beach wall on Seaview Road in Boundary Bay. Since a major storm surge could breach the level of protection provided by the berm, residents are encouraged to take all suitable precautions.
Dec 9, 2014, 11:35 am: Severe winds remain in the area. A beach wall has collapsed on the south side of Seaview Road in Boundary Bay. The collapse is on private property and it is currently isolated to one residence.
Delta crews are on scene and providing assistance at the sea wall breach and are working to stabilize the area as soon as possible, prior to the next high tide. Further updates will be provided.
Dec 9, 2014, 10 am: Delta Engineering crews are on scene in Boundary Bay and Beach Grove monitoring the storm this morning. There is spot flooding in a few localized areas in Boundary Bay and Beach Grove, along with Whatcom County, which crews are responding to.
For further information, please contact the Engineering Department at 604-946-3260.
The uncertainties regarding Jim Haslett's future in Washington are over.
The Washington Redskins will retain Jim Haslett as their defensive coordinator and will look into the possibility of extending Haslett's contract, Coach Jay Gruden said Friday.
“He has one year left on his contract,” Gruden said in a telephone interview. “I'll talk to Bruce [Allen, the team's general manager] and we'll talk to [Haslett] and see what we can do there. But definitely he'll be back next year as coordinator.”
People close to the situation had said since Gruden was hired as the team's head coach that Haslett would be retained as a holdover from the staff of the Redskins' previous coach, Mike Shanahan. But Gruden did not commit to that at his introductory news conference and the Redskins had not officially clarified Haslett's status until Gruden's comments Friday.
Update (3:08 p.m.): Gruden said he also will retain offensive line coach Chris Foerster.
“We feel good about retaining both of them,” Gruden said. “I feel confident they'll both be here.”
Gruden confirmed that he is considering Earnest Byner as his running backs coach and said he intends to hire Ike Hilliard as his wide receivers coach. Hilliard previously coached for the Redskins and served as the Buffalo Bills' wide receivers coach this season but was not retained.
“I have talked to Ike,” Gruden said. “I've known him a long time. That's something we are going to pursue and we'll make that happen.”
Gruden's coaching staff is taking shape.
“I'm hoping to have it done by next week,” he said.
The Redskins announced soon after Gruden made his comments that they were retaining Haslett and Foerster and that they'd hired Wes Phillips as their tight ends coach. Phillips, the son of longtime NFL coach Wade Phillips, had been the Dallas Cowboys' tight ends coach.
The Redskins previously had announced the elevation of Sean McVay from tight ends coach to offensive coordinator. They'd confirmed that they were keeping Raheem Morris as their secondary coach and Jacob Burney as their defensive line coach and they'd announced the hirings of Ben Kotwica as special teams coach, Brian Baker as outside linebackers coach and Kirk Olivadotti as inside linebackers coach.
Haslett, McVay and Morris had worked with Gruden in the past. McVay and Morris worked with him with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and McVay and Haslett worked with him in the United Football League.
The Redskins ranked 18th in the league in total defense and were tied for 30th in scoring defense this season, when they went 3-13. Haslett has been criticized by some fans and media members during his tenure with the team. But he managed to get the defense to contribute to the team's run to an NFC East title in the 2012 season and some within the organization are confident he can produce a reliable defense if he is supplied with enough talented players.
The Redskins have many of their defensive starters eligible for free agency this offseason but also will have available salary cap space, with the expiration of their two-year, $36 million salary cap penalty by the league, to rebuild.
The team pursued Cincinnati Bengals linebackers coach Paul Guenther. But he remained with the Bengals and was elevated to defensive coordinator there to replace Mike Zimmer, who was hired as head coach of the Minnesota Vikings.
“I wasn't trying to poach anyone off of their staff,” Gruden said. “If Coach Zimmer had not gotten a head coaching job and [Guenther] was going to stay there as the linebackers coach, I was going to try to get him. Fortunately it worked out for everybody.”
Gruden said he won't attend the Senior Bowl practices next week in Mobile, Ala.
“I'm going to stay here with Sean and get started on the offense,” he said.
He said he just has started his player evaluations. The team's focus will turn to free agency and the NFL draft once Gruden completes assembling his coaching staff.
“I've started,” Gruden said. “Slowly but surely we'll really get into that. We'll really start on that next week. There's a lot to do in a short amount of time.”
Gruden has spoken to Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III, but the scope of their discussion has been limited so far by the league's rules governing offseason activities.
“The rules kind of handcuff you,” Gruden said. “We can't talk football yet. I know he's excited. We're eager to get started, but we've got to hold him back. That time will come.”
OTTAWA – Canada's broadcast regulator is hitting the ‘delete' button on Netflix and Google, telling the online video services their submissions at hearings into the future of television will be ignored.
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission wrote to the companies Monday, saying it will remove presentations made by the two companies from the public record.
As well, any information or statements from the companies would not be considered in the CRTC's conclusions on whether television industry regulations need to be changed.
READ MORE: Lower wireless bills for Christmas? CRTC mulls cheaper rates
The letters were a response to the refusal of Netflix and Google to provide supporting evidence to back their claims that Canadian content is thriving online.
Effectively, it's as though the companies never offered any comments or appeared before the CRTC panel that has been looking into how Canadians receive and pay for TV programming.
The CRTC had promised both companies the same confidential treatment for their data as it gives all other sensitive information provided to it by other companies.
But Netflix in particular said it had concerns that its sensitive corporate information could eventually be made available to its competitors to exploit under a public interest test.
CRTC secretary general John Traversy said the companies' refusal to provide any supporting evidence means it cannot evaluate the strength of their arguments. And he said it undermined the authority of the regulator.
READ MORE: Regulators move to help smaller carriers
“The Commission views such actions as a direct attempt to undermine its ability to serve Canadians, as well as impair the procedural fairness owed to all participants,” Traversy said in a letter to Netflix global public policy director Corie Wright.
A Netflix spokeswoman said the company would not be commenting on the content of the letter.
Meanwhile, Google said it saw nothing wrong with what it provided to the CRTC.
“We stand by the submissions we made in this process and believe we made a positive contribution to the discussion,” a Google spokesperson said in a statement to The Canadian Press.
During two weeks of hearings earlier this month, Google said “compelling Canadian content succeeds online – all without broadcasting regulation,” and that “Canadian creators, both emerging and established are building global audiences and earning revenue without having to work through intermediaries.”
But Traversy said the commission cannot carry out its duties based on “mere anecdotal evidence.”
“By refusing to provide any supporting evidence, the Commission cannot fully test and evaluate the strengths of Google's argument,” he said.
The regulator has powers similar to that of a superior court, granted to it under the Broadcasting Act, and could have taken both companies to court.
READ MORE: Slower growth hits wireless market, and consumers stand to gain
But the CRTC chose not to take that route to save taxpayers a lot of time and money, said spokesman Denis Carmel.
The regulator had ordered Netflix to provide confidential information related to its business operations in Canada, including the number of Canadian subscribers and how much money it spent producing Canadian video content.
It had also asked Google to spell out the amount of content uploaded by Canadian users of its service, by how much it expected its advertising to grow and what advertising revenues it generated in Canada.
Both companies had appeared voluntarily before the commission but said they had concerns about whether the information could be kept secret.
Netflix also questioned the very authority of the regulator to impose demands on it, suggesting that the video streaming service did not fall under the Broadcasting Act since it is not a conventional broadcaster.
Netflix quickly became the centre of attention at the hearings when Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his heritage minister stated they would not allow the regulator to impose levies on Internet-based video services, something Harper referred to as a “Netflix tax.”
The government statement, made as the hearings were just getting underway, came after the Ontario and Quebec governments, along with the CBC and some cultural organizations, suggested that Google, Netflix, YouTube and other online video streamers be regulated to help pay for production of Canadian TV content.
The government and the Auckland Council have agreed, for the first time, that light rail will eventually be built between the city centre and the airport.
Photo: 123RF / Supplied
The council has long advocated for light rail as the best mass transit option but had not had government buy-in.
The NZ Transport Agency said there would be a staged integration from bus to light rail.
However, it did not have a timetable in place and that would depend on demand, capacity and funding, it said.
Transport Minister Simon Bridges said it could take 30 years.
Mr Bridges said it would take time to secure the route and in the meantime buses would still be the main form of transport to the airport.
But it would become what he described as "advanced bussing" along the secured corridor, most likely to be Dominion Road.
Travel to Auckland Airport has been under the spotlight in recent months after severe delays.
Waterview Connection delayed
The Transport Agency also said there would be a delay in completing one of the country's largest-ever roading projects in Auckland.
The Waterview Connection was set to open next month, but would now open in two or three months' time.
The agency said for the tunnel that forms part of the project to operate efficiently and safely, each piece of equipment needed to be thoroughly tested.
Its Auckland highway manager, Brett Gliddon, said the route has been under construction for five years and short delays were not uncommon for a project of this size.
Disney XD announces December 2015 Programming Highlights. All programming subject to change
Wednesday, December 2 Original Series - Episode PremiereDisney XD ESPN SPORT SCIENCE "Testing Rookies"(5:15 PM - 5:45 PM ET/PT)Hosts Cameron Boyce ("Descendants," "Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything") and John Brenkus ("Sport Science") uncover sports' biggest myths and mysteries using cutting-edge technology and look at how the slightest little difference in performance can be the difference between winning and losing.TV-G
Wednesday, December 2Original Series - Episode PremiereKirby Buckets "Atta Boy"(8:00 PM - 8:30 PM ET/PT)Kirby accidentally washes away the handprint on his dad's lucky waterboy pants, and must track down the star athlete who put it there.TV-Y7
Wednesday, December 2Original Series - Episode PremiereGamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything "The Longest Yard"(8:30 PM - 9:00 PM ET/PT)Conor and Ashley give Mr. Spanks another chance at breaking the school's punting record in football while Wendell and Franklin compete to become the next school mascot.TV-Y7
Wednesday, December 2Original Series - Episode PremiereLab Rats: Bionic Island "Ultimate Tailgate Challenge"(9:00 PM - 9:30 PM ET/PT)When Tasha gets everyone except Perry tickets to the big COLLEGE FOOTBALL game, Perry creates mayhem. Upon arriving at the game, Perry and Davenport go head-to-head in the ultimate tailgate challenge judged by former NFL athlete Willie McGinest. Willie McGinest guest stars as himself.TV-Y7 FV
Wednesday, December 2Original Series - Episode PremiereStar Wars Rebels "The Future of the Force"(9:30 PM - 10:00 PM ET/PT)The rebels learn that the Inquisitors are seeking out Force-sensitive children, and they work together to protect the young ones from the Inquisitors' pursuit.TV-Y7 FV
Friday, December 5Original Series - Episode PremiereDisney XD Special "Disney XD Presents Clash of Karts Mario Kart 8"(8:00 PM - 9:00 PM ET/PT)Four popular video game influencers will each lead a hand-picked team of gamers to battle it out for gaming glory.
Wednesday, December 9Original Series - Episode PremiereStar Wars Rebels "Legacy"(9:30 PM - 10:00 PM ET/PT)As the EMPIRE attacks the rebel fleet on Garel, Kanan and Ezra return to Lothal and find a former prisoner with knowledge about Ezra's parents.TV-Y7 FV
Tuesday, December 22 - Wednesday, December 23Original Short-Form Series - "Two More Eggs" Marathon(12:00 AM - 12:00 AM ET/PT)In celebration of the Winter Solstice and shortest day of the year, Disney XD will present a 24-hour marathon featuring the "Two More Eggs" short-form series. A collection of 40 shorts, including 11 never-before-seen shorts, will air on a continuous loop for the duration of the marathon.TV-Y7
Monday, December 28Original Series - Episode PremiereYO-KAI WATCH "Komasan and the City: Low Budget Vittles / Yo-kai Chatalie / The Yo-kai Dancers / Manjimutt: The Great Dog Escape Episode 2"(5:00 PM - 5:30 PM ET/PT)Komasan and Komajiro struggle to order food at a local fast-food joint. Yo-kai Chatalie causes Bear to become overly arrogant. Nate's awful dancing skills get a surprising boost. Manjimutt attempts to break out of jail with his teddy bear Sam.TV-Y7
Tuesday, December 29Original Series - Episode PremiereYO-KAI WATCH " Komasan and the City: The Magic Floor/ Yo-kai Dazzabel & Yo-kai Dimmy / Manjimutt: The Great Dog Escape Episode 3"(5:00 PM - 5:30 PM ET/PT)Komasan attempts to impress his little brother. Yo-kai Dazzabel right before Parent's Day inspirits Nate's mother right before Parent's Day takes place at school. Manjimutt seeks help from his fellow inmates to try to escape prison.TV-Y7
Wednesday, December 30Original Series - Episode PremiereYO-KAI WATCH " Komasan and the City: DJKJ / Yo-kai Sproink / Yo-kai Babblong / Manjimutt: The Great Dog Escape Episode 4"(5:00 PM - 5:30 PM ET/PT)Komasan and Komajiro spend a night out in the big city together. Nate, Eddie and Bear's relaxing afternoon is derailed by Yo-kai Sproink. Nate is unable to call for help from his Yo-kai friends when Babblong inspirits him. Manjimutt feels lonely and looks for a companion.TV-Y7
Thursday, December 31Original Series - Episode PremiereYO-KAI WATCH " Spring Break Present / Yo-kai Peppillon / Komasan and the City: My Cool Brother / Manjimutt: The Great Dog Escape Episode 5"(5:00 PM - 5:30 PM ET/PT)On the first day of Spring Break, Whisper has a mysterious gift for Nate. Yo-Kai Peppillon, Drizzle and Mirapo appear when Nate goes on a Spring Break trip to a waterfall. Komajiro's big city friends discover he has country roots. A new inmate at Alcatraz has a surprising revelation about Manjimutt's friend.TV-Y7
Related Articles View More TV Stories
London's population grew by 14 per cent between 2011 and 2011, placing a strain on services, accordi [PA]
Research for the GMB showed that the population increased in every region of the country between 2001 and 2011, placing extra strain on utilities and services.
The study of 174 shire counties, London and metropolitan boroughs and unitary authorities in England and Wales, revealed population growth ranging from 3.2% in the North East to 14% in London.
The union called for investment in housing, schools and other social infrastructure to meet the needs of a growing population, saying it could be the springboard to reflating the economy.
National officer Brian Strutton said: "These figures show that many areas need more schools, more housing, improved transport links, more health facilities, upgrades in utilities like water and more recreation facilities. There is a need for a step change in how we care for growing number of the elderly and in particular how can we help them stay in their own homes for as long as possible.
"National and local government and the private sector must use this growth in population as the springboard to reflate the economy by providing the social infrastructure this population needs.
"Leadership is needed to deliver such a programme as well as the £200 billion investment to deliver essential energy and infrastructure projects. It is a bigger challenge than delivering the Olympics."
The analysis showed that there were 41 areas of England and Wales where the population grew by 10% or more between 2001 and 2011, including Tower Hamlets in London (29.6%), Manchester (28.1%), Newham (26.3%), Hackney (21.4%), Westminster (21.%) - all London, Milton Keynes (20.2%) and Hounslow (19.6%).
In a handful of towns and cities, including Blackpool, Kensington and Chelsea, Blaenau Gwent, Stockport and St Helens, the population fell.
The analysis revealed that the population rose in all 10 regions in England and Wales between 2001 and 2011, led by London (14%), and followed by the East Midlands 8.7%, East of England 8.5%, South East 7.9 %, South West 7.3%, Yorkshire and The Humber 6.4% West Midlands 6.4%, Wales 5.5%, North West 4.8% and North East 3.2%.
aridara:
kathryntheshippertrash:
pyx: I'm saying it White people with dread locks is gross. I don't care how anti-racist you think you are. It's gross and horrible cultural appropriation and it makes me uncomfortable. Don't do it. Just don't have dread locks. I guess you have a huge problem with black people having straight or blonde colored hair right? No, you probably don't because it only matters when something is against black people. And I can't believe something as small as fucking hair makes you uncomfortable. Grow up.
1) White supremacists have punished black people for displaying their cultural heritage, including having dreads. Nobody punished white people for having straight hair. Big difference.
2) White supremacists also forced black people to wear straight hair. Meaning that white people wanted black people to wear straight hair. Meaning that white people willingly gave permission to black people to wear straight hair.
“Cultural appropriation” is taking important elements of another culture against said culture's will. Not according to.
Bringing Down the Throne Week 1 Recaps
[Day 1] February 7, 2013
TSM vs CLG
Dignitas vs Curse
CLG vs GGU
TSM vs Vulcun
[Day 2] February 8, 2013
CLG vs Curse
TSM vs Dignitas
Curse vs GGU
Dignitas vs Vulcun
Research shows newborn babies in some Arctic regions have the highest rates of serious lung infections ever recorded in medical literature.
A paper published Tuesday in the Canadian Medical Association Journal Open says cases in Inuit infants in northern Quebec and western Nunavut are so numerous, it would be cheaper to treat all infants with a preventative medicine than wait until they get sick.
"These are the highest rates in the world, higher than sub-Saharan Africa," said lead author Anna Banerji of the University of Toronto.
Banerji and her colleagues have been studying respiratory infections among newborns in the Arctic for years. It's long been known the Canadian Arctic has abnormally high rates.
But Banerji's latest study, which looked at differences between different regions, surprised even her.
"Some of these rates are the highest documented rates in the medical literature."
In Nunavut's westernmost region, more than 40 per cent of all babies born in 2009 were later admitted to hospital with lung infections. In the area around western Hudson Bay, the figure was 24 per cent.
And in Nunavik, or Arctic Quebec, nearly half of all newborns were hospitalized.
Overall, lung infections for newborns just months old were 40 times southern rates, Banerji said.
Just as alarming was the severity of the infection.
The research paper documents cases of babies less than six months old spending weeks in intensive care and suffering permanent lung damage. Some needed CPR. Some needed last-ditch interventions.
Some died.
"These are just horribly, horribly sick kids," said Banerji.
In the worst-afflicted areas, up to one in every 30 children born ends up in intensive care and struggling to breathe.
The reasons are familiar: overcrowded homes, high exposure to cigarette smoke, poor nutrition. The lung infections are often complicated by other infections such as influenza.
Banerji said Inuit may also have a genetic predisposition to these types of infections.
But until those environmental conditions are addressed, a medicine called palivizumab is effective against such infections. In 2010, the Canadian Pediatric Society recommended that ''consideration should be given'' to administering a preventative drug to all full-term Inuit infants younger than six months of age in areas with high rates of hospital admissions for respiratory infections.
The territory currently gives palivizumab only to children born prematurely or who have chronic heart or lung conditions. The region of Nunavik has recently changed its policy and will administer the drug to all newborns.
Palivizumab costs about $6,500 an infant. Banerji said the cost of treatment, including flying sick kids south, is so high that it would be cheaper to give it to all babies born in the worst areas.
She says that policy would save $36,000 for each hospital admission avoided. It would also save wear and tear on families.
"A mother has to either come with her two-month-old baby to the hospital in Ottawa and leave all the rest of the kids behind, or the baby's there all alone. It has a huge societal impact."
The government of Nunavut has received a copy of the paper. The territory's chief medical officer of health was travelling Tuesday and not immediately available to react to its findings.
Katie Byron is a recent graduate of Brown University, where she served as a member of the Sexual Assault Task Force. She is on Twitter.
One-third of female students in my graduating class who responded to the Association of American Universities' Campus Climate Survey reported being sexually assaulted during college. For these students, sexual violence isn't a difficult conversation, it's their life. They are constantly balancing their healing and their education, frequently while navigating a campus that they share with their assailant. It's unreasonable to expect student survivors to leave their personal experiences at the classroom door. Trauma affects how students learn and academic discussions about trauma and violence should take this into consideration.
Students are not avoiding or silencing difficult conversations, they're learning to face them in ways that are academically rigorous and sensitive to the needs of everyone in the room.
Promoting a rigorous academic environment does not mean making space for every idea that pops into a student's head. Academic discussions make space in conversations to hear from people who have valuable knowledge to contribute. Safer learning environments ensure that students who have experienced violence are able to contribute without putting their experiences up for debate. More inclusive classrooms raise the level of discourse and nuance in academic conversations by promoting the free speech of student survivors, allowing others to learn from their experiences. Widespread campus sexual violence hurts entire campus communities and those communities should have an obligation to respond and support survivors in their healing and their learning.
There are those who think calling for safer academic environments is “coddling” or “infantilizing” to students. This view frames student survivors as weak and implies that when they receive support from their community, they are made weaker. Claiming that survivors of sexual violence are overly sensitive is a way of protecting other students from confronting difficult truths about the nature and prevalence of violence on their campuses. Classrooms and campuses that are sensitive to the needs of traumatized students provide opportunities for all students to engage with difficult material, not just those with the privilege of distancing themselves from the topic at hand.
Those who want to frame this issue as an attack on free speech on college campuses are ignoring the reality of campus sexual violence. Requests for safe spaces or trigger warnings are not about hiding from ideas but about finding ways to engage without disturbing the people most directly affected. Students are not avoiding or silencing difficult conversations, they're learning to face them in ways that are both academically rigorous and sensitive to the needs of everyone in the room. Through these discussions, they are becoming a generation of leaders ready to create more inclusive and just world.
Join Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on twitter.com/roomfordebate.
By Bruce Sheiman
author
As an atheist, I approach religion much like an economist. I believe religion persists in our market-based culture, despite the prevalence of secularism, because it provides net value over and above its required investment, and because it beats competing belief systems in the same value proposition. I evaluate religion in terms of its pragmatic usefulness to humankind and seek to answer the question posed by William James: “Grant an idea or belief to be true, what concrete difference will its being true make in anyone's actual life?”
Atheism is a bankrupt ideology on empirical grounds: Its benefits simply do not come close to covering its opportunity costs. Religion, by contrast, offers the vast majority of people a high-value transaction: Its enduring benefits far outweigh its costs. Religion persists, in short, for the reason that it provides the greatest good for the greatest number of people. Thus, by book “An Atheist Defends Religion” is not mainly a critical examination of the New Atheism. Rather, I am making a broad statement about the affirmative role of religion in the contemporary world and what is lost in a purely secular conception of the world.
For centuries, the theism-atheism debate has been dominated by two positions: hard-core believers fervently committed to their faith in a living God; and militant atheists vehemently driven to repudiate the Divine. The time has come to admit that after more than 2,000 years of back-and forth proofs and counterproofs, this debate has reached an insolvable impasse. The question about the existence of God can never be resolved to either side's satisfaction. But the discussion need not end there. We are still left with the important issue of the value of religion. And this is a debate that religion can win. “An Atheist Defends Religion” redefines the terms of the debate, offering a new direction and perspective.
I am not a person of faith: I do not feel the majesty or mystery of the Holy. But neither do I stridently repudiate God. Indeed, there is a part of me that wants to believe in God. That makes me an “aspiring theist.” And I want to believe in the Divine because, on balance, religion provides a combination of benefits — moral, emotional, aesthetic, psychological, existential, communal, and even physical-health — that no other institution can replicate. These are the essential qualities that make religion so enthralling, enriching, enlightening, and enrapturing. They explain how we achieve our fullest humanity only in religion.
The question I present is not whether God exists, but whether the world is a better place because people believe God exists. This book, as a consequence, is not a defense of God; rather, it is a defense of the belief in God and of religious belief in general.
Being an atheist is not something that I or any one else rationally or deliberately chooses. I did not think through all the competing belief systems and chose unbelief. It is just something that I am. I must admit, however, that the more I understand the world as revealed by science, the more I find the materialist and reductionist explanation for our human destiny terribly devoid of depth, value and meaning. This offends not my religious sensibility (of which I have none), but my existential vanity – the strongly held personal view that my life counts in the grand scheme of things. As a consequence, I am an atheist who is sympathetic to religious aspirations and who is prepared, if not to defend God, then to defend the belief in God.
A mature view holds that religion is more about meaning and purpose than facts and events. Through religion, we experience the mundane as miraculous and the normal as numinous. Religion teaches us that our lives have inherent worth and that the world is shot-through with value. Paul Tillich said, “He who enters the sphere of faith enters the sanctuary of life.” And that is because the core preoccupation of religion is the preservation and perpetuation of human existence.
More than any other institution, religion deserves our appreciation and reverence because it has persistently encouraged people to care deeply – for the self, for neighbors, for humanity, and for the natural world – and strive for the highest ideals humans are able to envision. And there is no more eminent ideal than religion's clear declaration of human specialness and the absolute sanctity of life.
Faith is one of the most powerful forces in human development and a strong impetus to personal transformation and collective progress. Religion's misdeeds may make for provocative headlines, but the everyday good works of billions of pious people is the real history of religion, one that parallels the growth and prosperity of humankind. There are countless examples of individuals lifting themselves out of personal misery through faith. In the lives of these people, God is not a delusion, God is not a spell that must be broken – God is indeed great.
The debate about the existence of God is neverending. What is not in dispute is that God exists in people's hearts, minds and spirits. What is not in dispute is that religion is adaptive, constructive and healthful – and thereby makes a positive difference in people's lives. Reflecting James' pragmatic conception of belief: When we act as if religion is true, we act with greater optimism, hope and benevolence.
The take-away from this book is that religious experience is the essential human experience. Mine is a human-centric evaluation of religion. By any empirical measure — defined in terms of theism's practical impact on individuals, society, and culture — religion is profoundly beneficial.
In the end, “An Atheist Defends Religion” cogently explains that the most rational and definitive argument for dismissing atheism is not found in the interminable debate over the existence of God, but in elucidating the enduring value of religion itself.
Bruce Sheiman is the author of the new book “An Atheist Defends Religion: Why Humanity is Better Off With Religion than Without It.”
Alliance Party's David Ford backs Anna Lo after united Ireland 'blunder' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The Alliance leader has defended Anna Lo's declaration that she would vote for a united Ireland if there was a referendum – insisting that it is within party policy. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/alliance-partys-david-ford-backs-anna-lo-after-united-ireland-blunder-30113744.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article30112666.ece/0f2f8/AUTOCROP/h342/NWS_20140321_NEW_006_31066291_I1.JPG
Email
The Alliance leader has defended Anna Lo's declaration that she would vote for a united Ireland if there was a referendum – insisting that it is within party policy.
Ms Lo made it clear she only wanted unity by consent and was currently working for a shared future within Northern Ireland.
However, the remarks have caused concern in some sections of the party, ahead of European and council elections.
In a Belfast Telegraph interview, David Ford said: "Anna set out party policy which accepts the complex set of relationships defined in 1998 (the Good Friday Agreement) and that is where we stand collectively. She then went on to talk about the potential if there is a referendum, but as far as I can see there is no likelihood of a referendum in the near future.
"I was surprised that bit was pulled out of her interview. It is entirely in line with comments I have made that we are a party which has people who have different views on the long-term constitutional future, but what unites us is our desire to build a united community in Northern Ireland."
Asked how he would vote himself, he replied: "I believe it is premature to express a view. Anna chose to express a view. Others would express another view. Most of us, I think, wouldn't bother.
"The likelihood that there would be a referendum which would make any difference on the border is far into the future."
One long-serving councillor in east Belfast admitted he had concerns over how Ms Lo's comments might affect his chances. Mervyn Jones said Alliance backed the Agreement, which supports Northern Ireland remaining in the UK until a majority decides otherwise.
"This is clearly the case, but within the Alliance Party you'll get people who have aspirations one way or another," he said.
"But I don't know why she came out with it at this particular time. That was her view, I don't share it. I was surprised but the party's view is still the same as it was. I am running again, I'm a bit worried about how this will play when I canvass. We will have to see."
Former deputy leader Seamus Close said the remarks would damage the party's vote.
"I think the nicest way I can describe it is her being naive and not fully appreciating the ramifications this could have on the party vote. Not only her own, but also the like of Naomi Long in East Belfast," he said.
"The unionist opponents of Alliance will be clapping their hands with glee. Any chance of attracting those within the unionist parties who may have been wavering is all down the plughole."
For over a year Alliance has been under pressure from unionists for backing a policy of limiting the flying of the Union flag to designated days in Belfast.
But Mr Ford said: "The flags is now 16 months ago and in nearly all of those months I've signed more letters welcoming new members than I have signed in any year previously."
Ms Lo's comments threaten to overshadow this weekend's party conference, where she will be showcased as the Euro candidate.
Mr Ford has high hopes for the poll-topping South Belfast MLA.
He said: "Our aim is to achieve easily the best Alliance vote ever achieved in a European election." He cited recent Belfast Telegraph LucidTalk polls which showed Alliance building support.
Polls show Alliance nipping at the heels of the UUP and not far behind the SDLP.
STORY SO FAR
Anna Lo, Alliance's Euro candidate, kicked up a storm when she told the Irish News that she would vote for Irish unity if there was a referendum, citing her "anti-colonial" views. She argued that "for the corner of Ireland to be part of the United Kingdom is very artificial".
Further reading:
Lo gives party unwanted problem
Unionists apoplectic over 'colonialism' quote
Party may suffer for politician's honesty
Alliance counting on Anna Lo to give party a winning high
Belfast Telegraph
SKT T1 announced that they have signed Bengi and PoohManDu as coaches for the next season.
Today (Nov. 28th, KST), SKT T1 announced the news through their SNS, revealing that the two coaches will be assisting kkOma. Bengi will be assigned to the training part and PoohManDu will be in charge of strategies.
‘PoohManDu' and ‘Bengi' both previously played for SKT T1 as players and were members of one of the world best teams, SKT T1 K, along with Impact, Piglet, and Faker.
▲ SKT T1 K of 2014, when the two coaches were players.
Meanwhile, SKT T1 went through changes with the coaching staff and roster. kkOma was promoted to head coach in cCarter's place and RapidStar's contract expired. Faker, Blank, and Untara renewed their contract and Effort was signed from the practice team to the main roster.
Introduction The previous pivot table article described how to use the pandas pivot_table function to combine and present data in an easy to view manner. This concept is probably familiar to anyone that has used pivot tables in Excel. However, pandas has the capability to easily take a cross-section of the data and manipulate it. This cross-section capability makes a pandas pivot table really useful for generating custom reports. This article will give a short example of how to manipulate the data in a pivot table to create a custom Excel report with a subset of pivot table data. I was really excited once I figured this out and I think it is a really useful feature that lots of folks will be able to use. My hope is that once you understand this functionality, you'll appreciate the pandas pivot table even more than you do now.
The Problem I have to believe that anyone that has created a pivot table in Excel has had the need (at one time or another) to break the data into multiple “chunks” for distribution to various people. For example, if we had this pivot table: We would really like to send a seperate report (or seperate tabs in one file) to each manager (Debra and Fred in this example). How would you do this in Excel? In my experience, I would normally just copy and paste - I'm not too proud to admit I've done that. Others might write VBA. There may even be other options I haven't figured out. Bottom line: it's a hassle. Panda has a solution to help you out - DataFrame.xs . Have you ever heard of it? Me neither. Even after reading the documentation it might not be clear to you how useful it can be. Once you understand what it does, I think you'll immmediately see the usefulness for generating custom reports/spreadsheets from your own pivot tables using the cross-section function.
XS Explained The easiest way to understand xs is to show an example. I will take a data example from the pivot table article. First we get the data uploaded into a simple pivot table. Do my standard imports, read in the data and create my pivot table: import pandas as pd import numpy as np df = pd . read_excel ( "sales-funnel.xlsx" ) table = pd . pivot_table ( df , index = [ "Manager" , "Rep" , "Product" ], values = [ "Price" , "Quantity" ], aggfunc = [ np . sum , np . mean ], fill_value = 0 ) table sum mean Price Quantity Manager Rep Product Debra Henley Craig Booker CPU 65000 2 32500 1.0 Maintenance 5000 2 5000 2.0 Software 10000 1 10000 1.0 Daniel Hilton CPU 105000 4 52500 2.0 Software 10000 1 10000 1.0 John Smith CPU 35000 1 35000 1.0 Maintenance 5000 2 5000 2.0 Fred Anderson Cedric Moss CPU 95000 3 47500 1.5 Maintenance 5000 1 5000 1.0 Software 10000 1 10000 1.0 Wendy Yule CPU 165000 7 82500 3.5 Maintenance 7000 3 7000 3.0 Monitor 5000 2 5000 2.0 This is fairly straightforward once you understand the pivot_table syntax. Now, let's take a look at what xs can do: table . xs ( 'Debra Henley' , level = 0 ) sum mean Price Quantity Rep Product Craig Booker CPU 65000 2 32500 1 Maintenance 5000 2 5000 2 Software 10000 1 10000 1 Daniel Hilton CPU 105000 4 52500 2 Software 10000 1 10000 1 John Smith CPU 35000 1 35000 1 Maintenance 5000 2 5000 2 Ok, this is pretty interesting. xs allows me to drill down to one cross-section of the pivot table. We can drill down multiple levels as well. If we want to just see one rep's results: table . xs (( 'Debra Henley' , 'Craig Booker' ), level = 0 ) sum mean Price Quantity Product CPU 65000 2 32500 1 Maintenance 5000 2 5000 2 Software 10000 1 10000 1 If you're like me, you just had light bulb go off and realize that a lot of cutting and pasting you have done in Excel can be a thing of the past. We need the get_level_values to make this work as seamlessly as possible. For example, if we want to see all the Manager values: table . index . get_level_values ( 0 ) Index([u'Debra Henley', u'Debra Henley', u'Debra Henley', u'Debra Henley', u'Debra Henley', u'Debra Henley', u'Debra Henley', u'Fred Anderson', u'Fred Anderson', u'Fred Anderson', u'Fred Anderson', u'Fred Anderson', u'Fred Anderson'], dtype='object') If we want to see all the rep values: table . index . get_level_values ( 1 ) Index([u'Craig Booker', u'Craig Booker', u'Craig Booker', u'Daniel Hilton', u'Daniel Hilton', u'John Smith', u'John Smith', u'Cedric Moss', u'Cedric Moss', u'Cedric Moss', u'Wendy Yule', u'Wendy Yule', u'Wendy Yule'], dtype='object') To make it a little simpler for iterating, use unique : table . index . get_level_values ( 0 ) . unique () array([u'Debra Henley', u'Fred Anderson'], dtype=object) Now it should be clear what we're about to do. I'll print it out first so you can see. for manager in table . index . get_level_values ( 0 ) . unique (): print ( table . xs ( manager , level = 0 )) sum mean Price Quantity Rep Product Craig Booker CPU 65000 2 32500 1 Maintenance 5000 2 5000 2 Software 10000 1 10000 1 Daniel Hilton CPU 105000 4 52500 2 Software 10000 1 10000 1 John Smith CPU 35000 1 35000 1 Maintenance 5000 2 5000 2 sum mean Price Quantity Rep Product Cedric Moss CPU 95000 3 47500 1.5 Maintenance 5000 1 5000 1.0 Software 10000 1 10000 1.0 Wendy Yule CPU 165000 7 82500 3.5 Maintenance 7000 3 7000 3.0 Monitor 5000 2 5000 2.0 As we pull it all together, it is super simple to create a single Excel sheet with one tab per manager: writer = pd . ExcelWriter ( 'output.xlsx' ) for manager in table . index . get_level_values ( 0 ) . unique (): temp_df = table . xs ( manager , level = 0 ) temp_df . to_excel ( writer , manager ) writer . save () You now get an output that looks like this:
Stop and Think As you sit back and think about this code, just take a second to revel in how much we are doing with 7 lines of code (plus 2 imports): import pandas as pd import numpy as np df = pd . read_excel ( "sales-funnel.xlsx" ) table = pd . pivot_table ( df , index = [ "Manager" , "Rep" , "Product" ], values = [ "Price" , "Quantity" ], aggfunc = [ np . sum , np . mean ], fill_value = 0 ) writer = pd . ExcelWriter ( 'output.xlsx' ) for manager in table . index . get_level_values ( 0 ) . unique (): temp_df = table . xs ( manager , level = 0 ) temp_df . to_excel ( writer , manager ) writer . save () We have just read in an Excel file, created a powerful summary of data, then broken the data up into an output Excel file with separate tabs for each manager. Just by using 9 lines of code! I think my excitement about this functionality is warranted.
Taking It One Step Further In some cases, you might want to generate separate files per manager or do some other manipulation. It should be pretty simple to understand how to do so give the examples above. To close out this discussion, I decided I would wrap things up with a fully functional program that utilizes additional python functions to make this script a truly useful program that utilizes good python programming practices so that you can scale it up for your own needs: """ Sample report generation script from pbpython.com This program takes an input Excel file, reads it and turns it into a pivot table. The output is saved in multiple tabs in a new Excel file. """ import argparse import pandas as pd import numpy as np def create_pivot ( infile , index_list = [ "Manager" , "Rep" , "Product" ], value_list = [ "Price" , "Quantity" ]): """ Read in the Excel file, create a pivot table and return it as a DataFrame """ df = pd . read_excel ( infile ) table = pd . pivot_table ( df , index = index_list , values = value_list , aggfunc = [ np . sum , np . mean ], fill_value = 0 ) return table def save_report ( report , outfile ): """ Take a report and save it to a single Excel file """ writer = pd . ExcelWriter ( outfile ) for manager in report . index . get_level_values ( 0 ) . unique (): temp_df = report . xs ( manager , level = 0 ) temp_df . to_excel ( writer , manager ) writer . save () if __name__ == "__main__" : parser = argparse . ArgumentParser ( description = 'Script to generate sales report' ) parser . add_argument ( 'infile' , type = argparse . FileType ( 'r' ), help = "report source file in Excel" ) parser . add_argument ( 'outfile' , type = argparse . FileType ( 'w' ), help = "output file in Excel" ) args = parser . parse_args () # We need to pass the full file name instead of the file object sales_report = create_pivot ( args . infile . name ) save_report ( sales_report , args . outfile . name ) There are other things you could do to this file to make it even more portable but this should give you the idea. If you are interested, I've posted a gist so people can make forks and update if they want.
But the arrival of Islamic fundamentalist factions such as the so-called Islamic State (ISIS) has radically intensified persecution across the country, pushing some Syrians to join the stream of refugees headed to Europe in search of sexual freedom and expression as well as safety.
“The Islamic State executes homosexuals by throwing them from the tops of high buildings,” said Logal Kako, a 21-year-old Syrian man who's been openly gay since he was in high school.
On December 2 last year, a religious "court" run by ISIS sentenced two homosexual men to death by throwing them from the roof of a nearby building. Videos posted online by ISIS document countless instances of similar incidents. In many areas in Syria these days, these sights have become commonplace.
For Logal, the intolerance started when, aged 14, he stood in the middle of his high-school classroom in Tartous and told his classmates he liked boys – a nerve-racking move for any high schooler. His classmates were divided on the matter, and while some accepted him, most others showed hostility.
“Facing a society governed by strict religious and social conventions was extremely hard. I lost many friends – some because they themselves could not accept me, and others because their families prevented them from being around me. Maybe they worried that I would sexually harass their kids,” he said laughing.
“Most of the kids at my school just didn't want to play with me at recess.”
Logal, who has been in Sweden for over a year, said he can't imagine how frightening life must be back home now. And although he misses his friends in Syria, returning is out of the question. “I feel normal here. If someone harasses me, the law protects me. In Syria I never felt protected. I was even too scared to go to the police,” he said.
“I've always been critical of sexual and social conventions in Syria,” Logal said. Growing up, he'd been constantly teased by neighbors and classmates for being different. Kids called him names, and made fun of the way he dressed. Sometimes things would get more physical; beatings on the playground or after school happened regularly.
When the uprising in Syria turned violent, Logal said he wanted to leave as soon as possible because he couldn't stand the idea of serving in the army and fighting against his own people. But almost equally important, he said, was a chance to find sexual freedom and acceptance.
Last night's POOR DOORS demo was a great laugh- there was an effigy of Boris, sparklers, drums and dancing. Our weekly message was being sent to Redrow Homes and the City of London: we won't tolerate social segregation and we won't tolerate the blatant attempts by the rich to luxuriate as they take over our areas! The cops then, however, decided to target one of our number and arrest them, and then to viciously arrest another comrade! This was an unwarranted and nasty attack by the police. They were aggressive, arbitrary and violent. They ignored the burning Boris effigy, until calling the fire brigade who sarcastically put it out with a small bucket of water (it was only embers) and laughed when they found out it was of Boris Johnson. Chants of ‘FBU!' rang out amongst the crowds. As the protest began to near its end the police decided it was time to pounce and the crowd reacted to their behaviour with solidarity for our victimised comrades.
WE WON'T ACCEPT THEIR BEHAVIOUR. WE WON'T BE BULLIED OFF THE STREETS OF OUR CITIES BY THE COPS!
LET'S MAKE NEXT WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 12TH, THE BIGGEST, LOUDEST AND MOST EFFECTIVE POOR DOORS DEMO YET!
>>JOIN US AT FREEDOM NEWS AS WE SAY NO POOR DOORS! NO POLICE VIOLENCE! DEFEND THE RIGHT TO PROTEST!<<
When Torrian Gray left Virginia Tech to become the defensive backs coach for the Florida Gators he was making a decision to leave home. Gray played at Virginia Tech from 1992-1996, earning All-Big East three times and the Hokies won two Big East championships while Gray shined at defensive back.
Gray was drafted and played two seasons with the Minnesota Vikings in the NFL before beginning his coaching career. He coached defensive backs at Maine (2000-01), Connecticut (2002-03) and with the Chicago Bears (2004-05) before returning to his alma mater.
The coach who had held three different jobs in three years then spent the next decade in Blacksburg coaching Virginia Tech's defensive backs.
“I always felt at Virginia Tech I had a great job as the defensive back coach. I loved working for coach Beamer and coach Foster,” Gray said. “I always said, would I just leave Virginia Tech unless I had an opportunity to advance and just to be the defensive back coach somewhere else?”
When Frank Beamer announced his retirement and Memphis' Justin Fuente was hired to lead the program Gray was retained on staff. He made it through National Signing Day before leaving what seemed to be a dream job for the opportunity at Florida. It probably doesn't hurt that Gray is from Lakeland, just a short drive from his new home in Gainesville, and still has family in the area.
“I have my mother, I've got three brothers and three sisters — seven. It's pretty neat to be able to be two-and-a-half hours away,” he said. “We've got a 10-month-old my mom has not been around a lot, or my brothers and sisters. So, they'll get to see her a lot more. They're excited about that.”
Gray has a long track record of success with his defensive backs at Virginia Tech. He coached first round pick Kyle Fuller, second round pick Brandon Flowers, third round pick Jayron Hosley and Seattle Seahawks Pro Bowl safety Kam Chancellor. In SEC country, the debate about which team produced the most talented defensive backs raged on between LSU and Florida, with Virginia Tech not even being thought of as a runner-up to most fans.
“I think you got three or four schools that call themselves DBU, maybe more,” said Gray. “Virginia Tech was one of the schools that called themselves DBU, Florida calls themselves DBU, LSU, I hear Texas. I guess it's whatever you think. We think we're DBU hear at the University of Florida and we're going to roll with that.”
Gray spent his playing days in the Big East and most of his coaching career in the ACC. He's familiar with the power of the SEC logo; he's run up against it on the recruiting trail in Georgia and down in Florida when he was at Va. Tech.
“I believe to kids, the University of Florida and being in the SEC, I think that brings a certain reputation with it alone,” he said. “So having the Gator logo alone helps from that standpoint, a recruiting standpoint. Being in the SEC helps from a recruiting standpoint, so I'm excited about that.”
He's been a hit on the early recruiting trail and had a lot of success recruiting at Virginia Tech as well. After a decade of going toe-to-toe against coaches who had the “SEC chip” at their disposal, Gray will finally see what life is like recruiting on the other side where he can tout that as well.
It'll be fun to see if that works in our favor now.”
This page is dedicated to Wes Skiles who died doing the work he loved. Sadie Quarrier, senior photo editor, National Geographic Magazine says: “I was lucky enough to work with Wes as his photo editor on (his) “Bahamas Blue Holes” story for NGM. He was deeply passionate about diving, exploring, photographing and protecting the waterways… Wes was big-hearted and humble yet extremely driven. He was doggedly determined to produce the best possible article on these caves he called home. He dared to dream big, and no budget or contract would stop him from going after a shot he felt we needed, even if it was on his own dime…”
There have been other deaths over the years and many serious injuries. The posts below are recent survey responses from 45 photographers about some of the hazards encountered while on assignment for the National Geographic Society. The numbers represent individual incidents.
Many of the religious right are members of the Tea Party and for anyone that thought their anti- choice agenda was taking a back seat to their free markets/anti-government stance was not paying attention.
Mike Pence, who is being groomed as a leader of the Tea Party movement, wasted no time in rewarding his base.
After preaching for two years about jobs and deficit reduction, House Republicans have chosen to ignore both with their first big initiatives in the majority — the symbolic repeal of health care reform and the "No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act." Yesterday, while addressing the March for Life in Washington, D.C., Rep. Mike Pence (R-IN) had a message for critics of the decision to push an anti-abortion bill before tackling job creation:
PENCE: These are trying times in the life of this nation. Our economy is struggling and our national government is awash in a sea of debt. Amidst these struggles, some would have us focus our energies on jobs and spending. We must not remain silent when great moral battles are being waged. Those who would have us ignore the battle being fought over life have forgotten the lessons of history. As in the days of a house divided, America's darkest moments have come when economic arguments trumped moral principles.
Pence commented that some people would rather Congress focus on economic issues, but he failed to mention that he was one of those people when Democrats held power. For instance, Pence declared in September that creating jobs "has to be the first priority and I believe will be the first priority if Republicans are given another opportunity to lead."
I also believe that it will be imperative that the new congress focus just as much energy on getting our economy moving again, making sure that in the city and on the farm, Americans have more of their own hard-earned resources to invest in ways that will create jobs, so putting our fiscal house in order, creating policies that will open the doors of opportunity to families during this difficult economy and create jobs has to be the first priority and I believe will be the first priority if Republicans are given another opportunity to lead.
Similarly, in December 2009, Pence stated that "jobs are the number one priority of the American people, and should be the number one priority of this Congress." Like Pence, a number of leading Republicans have attacked President Obama and congressional Democrats for attempting to deal with health care — which is also a moral issue — instead of focusing all of their energy on job creation directly.
(IraqiNews.com) Anbar – The leadership of al-Hashed al-Shaabi in Anbar Province announced on Monday the launch of a large-scale military operation to free the areas of al-Karma District east of Fallujah (62 km west of Baghdad) from the control of the so-called ISIS, while indicated to the death of 16 ISIS fighters during the operation.
The commander of the 1st regiment of Karmat al-Fallujah brigade in al-Hashed al-Shaabi Col. Mahmoud Mardi Jumaili said in a press statement received by IraqiNews.com, “The joint forces from the army, police and Anbar tribal fighters began a large-scale military operation to cleanse al-Karma District (19 km east of Fallujah), killing 16 fighters belonging to ISIS and destroying four car bombs during the operation.”
Jumaili added, “The security forces targeted ISIS gatherings in the areas of al-Kbishat, Subaihat, Albu Jassim and Krtan in the center of Karmat Fallujah,” pointing out that, “The troops have achieved significant progress in the liberation battles of those areas.
” There is a notable collapse in the ranks of the terrorist organization,” Jumaili continued.
Welcome to LeafSpring, an anonymized advice blog by a group of scientists on the tenure track. Send your questions to leafspring.labcarpentry@gmail.com
Hello, and welcome to the LeafSpring blog!
LeafSpring is an unhacker uncollective of open scientists who are on the tenure track in academia. (Some of us are tenured, some of us are not.) You'll see anonymized LeafSpring posts from the group, as well as posts from individuals.
We're using this space to discuss surviving and thriving in academia as an open scientist, with the goal of helping nudge academia towards more "open" practices.
We're starting this blog with a "Dear Abby" style column -- we're soliciting questions from current and aspiring professors on how to combine open science with a career in the research intensive professoriate. This includes how to use and highlight open science techniques to get jobs, win grants, gain tenure, and be both happy and successful.
Send your questions to leafspring.labcarpentry@gmail.com and we'll answer them here, appropriately anonymized.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
It is nicknamed the “Make it Happen Wagon,” has no plumbing, and may not provide enough warmth for winter. At $600 a month, an old FedEx truck has also become a legitimate option for San Francisco renters.
So far, three renters from the Bay Area have stayed in the back of the truck's 96-square-foot refurbished space – which has been decked out with wooden floors and walls, a tiny kitchen and a green couch – since it was put up on Craigslist in January. The reasons are simple: these renters believe it's better to stay in the “Wagon” than pay the sky-high average rent in San Francisco.
“For people in (my) generation, I just need a place to store my stuff, and wake up and sleep in. Why pay half of my paycheck for a place where I just spend most of my time sleeping in?” said John D. Storey, a 28-year-old user experience designer who owns the truck and has been renting it out since January.
Much has been made of the escalating rental prices in San Francisco in recent years. The influx of Silicon Valley workers, along with ineffective rent control regulations, have made affordable units scarce. The median monthly rent for a one-bedroom apartment in San Francisco was a record $3,670 in October, according to real estate site Zumper, making it the most expensive city for renters in the country. Trulia found that more than 90% of one-bedroom rentals in San Francisco are over $2,000 a month.
Camping out
So renters are taking to odd living arrangements to cut rental costs. One landlord who lived near Google's headquarters in Mountain View put up a Coleman tent in his house's backyard and charged $900 a month – and he had so many offers, he doubled his daily rate, reported CBS.
Another landlord reportedly charged $1,800 a month for a bunk bed in a house of 30 other people.
The original FedEx truck, purchased in Bentonville, Arkansas by Storey (right).
The original FedEx truck, purchased in Bentonville, Arkansas by Storey (right). Courtesy of John D. Storey
With that in mind, even a tricked-out truck seems like an attractive option. To accentuate matters, Storey isn't even from San Francisco; he's from Utah, and could have moved to San Francisco and stayed in the Wagon himself had he not accepted a job in his hometown.
Storey first bought the truck in 2013 for $4,000, and wanted to see if he could outfit it as a co-working space for anyone who was interested in a temporary office. It took around two years and an additional $6,000 to turn it into a viable living quarters.
Upon learning of his new job, Storey put his truck up for rent on Craigslist's Los Angeles and San Francisco sites. “I saw that the lowest rent went at around $900, so I thought I'd undercut that by a substantial amount,” he said. “I really wasn't expecting somebody to take it soon as they did.”
The Make It Happen Wagon, with owner and landlord John D. Storey and his wife.
The Make It Happen Wagon, with owner and landlord John D. Storey and his wife. Courtesy of John D. Storey
They did – in the first week, 12 people expressed an interest, and two were willing to rent the truck sight unseen. Storey's first tenant, a San Francisco State University student, lived in the truck for six months, followed by two more renters from the area.
Currently, the truck is under service – “the engine's been unreliable”, said Storey – but the whole experience has been a huge encouragement for Storey. This year, he purchased another truck for $6,000 with designs on creating the “Uber of apartments” if he could find interested investors. “I think what has happened with [the Wagon] proves its validity,” he said.
A wealthy banking executive has been given the go-ahead by a federal appeals court in Chicago to sue a bank under Illinois law for not including her $700,000 mortgage in a costly federal giveaway.
The three-judge appeals court panel in President Barack Obama's hometown announced the decision March 9, clearing the way for Lori Wigod to sue Wells Fargo for not reducing the monthly mortgage payments on her house in Arlington Heights, Chicago.
Wigod has been a vice president of retail branch banking at PNC bank since last May. She was previously a vice president at Chase bank's retail branch division for six years.
The court's decision reverses a trend in lower courts that has rejected roughly 50 lawsuits by aggrieved homeowners seeking access to the mortgage-reduction program.
If not reversed, it could help Wigod's lawyers launch a huge class action suit against banks for not reducing Illinois borrowers' payments.
The Feb. 2009 federal program, dubbed the Home Affordable Modification Program, established regulations that require banks to lower the interest rate charged on home mortgages. The program is intended to cover homeowners whose annual payments are more than 31 percent of their income and whose mortgage is worth less than $729,750.
That's a high level.
The average loan size in the United States in January 2012 was $226,000, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association.
Participation in the HAMP program typically reduces mortgage payments to the banks by 35 percent.
The banks' lost earnings, however, are really lost by the banks' investors, which include taxpayers, mutual funds and workers' pension funds.
“Investors are a big loser in this… It's grandma and retired teachers and government employees,” said Mark Calabria, a financial analyst at the Cato Institute.
This federal regulation of the mortgage sector is already driving away massive investors such as CALPERS, the pension fund for California's many government employees. “They're wisely getting out because there's so much political uncertainty,” said Calabria.
With private funds exiting the market, taxpayers are now on the hook for 90 percent of all new mortgages, he said. “It is you and I and the taxpayers who are going to pick up this mess,” he said.
Taxpayers are already being forced to kick billions of dollars into the HAMP program directly.
The program also provides a $5,000 federal reduction in total mortgage debt, over five years, to people who pay the lower payments on time.
Taxpayers also pay banks up to $4,000 for every modified loan that is paid on time for three years.
Taxpayers also pay mortgage companies up to $2,000 if they award the reduction to people who have not yet fallen behind on their mortgage payments.
A separate $10 billion taxpayer-funded program was created to encourage banks to delay foreclosures on loans that are not being paid.
All told, the Treasury Department has allocated $29.9 billion in taxpayers' funds to the HAMP program, according to a January 2012 report by the Office of the Special Inspector General of the Troubled Asset Relief Program.
The federal HAMP program was set up to offset the damage caused by the earlier federal program to boost home ownership rates.
Pioneered by President Bill Clinton, and accelerated by President George W. Bush, the federal government used its regulatory power to promote the sale of mortgages to poor people. The resulting flow of money into real estate spurred housing prices, boosted banks' profits and inflated the real estate bubble, whose collapse in 2008 wrecked the nation's economy.
Administration officials say the HAMP program is not spending enough to repair the damage.
“HAMP continues to struggle to reach homeowners, with only 762,839 homeowners in permanent modifications under HAMP,” including 363,031 funded by the relief program, said the January report.
The banks' opposition is likely related to the scale of their losses when homeowners use the HAMP program. “Recent statistics reported by Treasury's Office of the Comptroller of the Currency… confirm that HAMP modifications reduce [homeowners'] monthly payments an average of 35.1%, more than twice the 17.5% reduction in private modifications” arranged by banks outside the HAMP program, said the January report.
Wigod lost the first round of her lawsuit in 2010, but the three-judge panel ruled that could indeed sue Wells Fargo for not including her in the HAMP program.
Follow Neil on Twitter
A Florida professor sparked outrage after she transformed three American flags into Ku Klux Klan hoods.
The flags shaped like KKK hoods had the eyes burnt out with nothing but darkness behind them and sat on poles with bases shaped like Nazi swastikas. The artwork is part of the University of Miami's annual faculty art show, gallery director Milly Cardoso told the Miami New Times.
Billie Grace Lynn, a University of Miami associate professor of sculpture, calls it “American Mask,” a work, she writes on her personal site, that suggests “bigotry and racism are hiding behind our flag.”
“This is disgusting. This is disrespectful,” Patrick Young, a black employee who works in the same building as the UM art gallery, told WSVN. “I can't see it being a positive message any way you put it.”
The artwork, which will be on display until Nov. 12, has angered many who say it defaces the American flag and is outright offensive.
“What can this actually help?” Young said. “Burning an American flag? I have no idea what this symbolizes, what this helps out. Who does this reach?”
Lynn told the University of Miami News this was the intent of her piece – to strike up conversation.
She said she was talking to a construction worker who was angry about her artwork – and she was able to explain its meaning.
“I asked him what he thought it meant and he said, ‘It's racist.' And I said, ‘Well, it is racist, it's about racism. It's about people hiding their racism behind the flag, behind their patriotism.' Instantly all of his angry energy dissipated as he had this realization. This is what democracy is. It's messy business and it requires us to talk with each other.”
The UM professor and artist said she was inspired to create the piece after watching people walking with American and Nazi flags during the protests in Charlottesville, Va.
“I just thought, that's what needs to be protested—that the American flag is positioned in between those two symbols of hatred and racism,” she said. “If there was ever a time to show this work, it's now.”
While the university said it supports “artistic expression and freedom of speech,” UM officials acknowledge that this is an off-campus gallery that wasn't pre-approved or reviewed by the administration.
UM hopes that “conservations can happen in ways that are respectful of all points of view,” UM wrote in a statement to Fox News. “The university acknowledges that this installation will provoke a range of reactions, including offense at the use of the American Flag and use of the KKK and Nazi symbols. Art exhibits that provoke reaction and conversation are not new, nor the unique province of the University of Miami.”
UNIVERSITIES ISSUE GUIDES, THREATS, AND COUNSELING FOR ‘OFFENSIVE' HALLOWEEN COSTUMES
Lynn told the Miami New Times she is “from Louisiana, and the Klan is really strong there. I am from the place where these people live. I am these people in some way.”
She finds her artwork offensive and hopes to “awaken citizens to the danger of confusing bigotry with patriotism.”
As a former Girl Scout, who was taught never to let the American flag touch the ground, Lynn told the university publication it wasn't easy for her to create the artwork.
“It was very painful for me to cut the flag to make it into that shape. But I think that's what's happening, the country is in pain,” she told UM News, adding, “I don't want the American flag to be taken as a symbol for white supremacy, and I think that is what's happening and that's a dark path to go down.”
Roblox HQ is about to get frosty. That's because this Friday, we're hosting the 2nd Annual Snowed-In Tournament on Twitch! We're throwing six contestants into the Roblox Snowed-In cabin and livestreaming an all-out grudge match in three competitive Roblox games!
The Rules:
Six contestants from the Roblox staff
Three Roblox games
Hours of gameplay
One big free-for-all
One awesome prize for the champion
Our six contending Roblox staff members will be duking it out in six rounds of non-stop gaming action. Only one will emerge victorious and receive a special prize!
The Contestants:
The Games:
Rollernauts by Numoji
Icebreaker! by Cracky4
One mystery game, to be announced during the event!
The Prize:
The gift of friendship! We're kidding, of course. The Snowed-In champion will be rewarded for their incredible feats of gaming. We'll give the winner a special prize that will be announced on the air.
We'll also be giving out free Roblox toys on Twitter while we stream, so tune in for the chance to win! The event will air on Friday, February 17 at 1:00 pm PT on twitch.tv/Roblox.
Get your winter coat and gloves, and wish our players good luck!
Antiandrogens:
The best seats at the Staples Center are getting even better for LA Clippers fans who are ready to open in their wallets.
The team has broken up its long scorers table, which has created eight new seats, called "Star Courtside" seats on the floor on the side of the players' benches.
"It's extremely rare to have space like this open in any arena" Clippers president Gillian Zucker said. "What we did here was created new beachfront property."
The new seats won't come cheap.
The Clippers aren't publicly disclosing the price, but a league source says they're asking for $175,000 a seat. The price includes access to the team's all-inclusive clubs, in-seat waiter service and valet parking with access to a VIP entrance.
The LA Clippers will have eight "Star Courtside" seats available for home games this season. LA Clippers
With 43 games on the schedule, including preseason, the seats come out to $4,070 a game, which isn't the highest in the NBA. The Golden State Warriors and the New York Knicks have tickets which are more expensive.
Zucker said current courtside ticket holders will have the first shot on getting the seats before the team opens it to the general marketplace.
The potential buyer?
"The seats can be seen on television, so it can be for someone who wants to be seen. It is, after all, Hollywood," Zucker said. "Companies, agencies or just a hardcore fan who wants to get closer."
Ten years ago, the Clippers' seats went for roughly half the price of Lakers' tickets. The balance of power has shifted with the Clippers' rise and the Lakers' fall.
The atmosphere at the game has also changed, thanks in part to the change in ownership from Donald Sterling to Steve Ballmer, who bought the team for $2 billion three years ago.
This offseason, the Clippers re-signed Blake Griffin to a five-year, $175 million max contract.
We are almost there! On July 28, Independence Day in Peru, we will deliver the first copies of the La Historia de Hualcayán: Contada Por Sus Pobladores (The History of Hualcayán: In the Words of Its Residents) to the people of Hualcayán. I am particularly excited because from inception to final production, this book stands as the proverbial poster child for co-creative projects. Although I blogged about this project before and the sponsoring organization PIARA, here is the bullet point summary:
Last summer the Peruvian co-director of PIARA, Elizabeth Cruzado Carranza, and I met with several teachers from the village school located in the rural Andes of Peru. An “expressed need” of the teachers was a resource that documented the history of the local community.
We proposed and the teachers agreed that compiling an oral history project of the community leaders and elders was an important first step. We provided the teachers with video flip cameras and a laptop. Elizabeth gave the secondary school students a crash course in oral history methods and helped them create a questionnaire.
Over the fall, the students carried out the oral history interviews. This past January, Elizabeth and I returned to Hualcayán and collected the interviews. Although we were not certain of what to expect, the students did an EXCELLENT job. In total they collected about 20 ten-minute interviews with their parents and community leaders.
Back in Memphis where Elizabeth is living for two years as a graduate student at the University of Memphis and the Museum Studies Graduate Certificate Program, she transcribed the oral histories and created the text for La Historia de Hualcayán: Contada Por Sus Pobladores. We are now selecting photos and laying out the book that will go to the printer in the next two weeks.
On July 26th, we will deliver a first press run to families in the village to get their feedback to assure a balanced representation of points-of-view. Armed with that additional community input, we will print a revised and expanded edition and produce a Quechua/Spanish language DVD. The community can then decide if they wish to use sales from the books as a source of income from trekkers and other visitors who pass through their community on their way to the Huascarán National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site
We aim for this model to be replicated in other small villages throughout the region. In fact, the school teachers who initially expressed the need for the local history have asked that we follow them on their teaching assignments to the other 30 or so small villages in the Huaylas Province to assist in similar oral history projects.
If you agree with me that the oral history project is an exciting and innovative means to inform and educate rural communities about their rich cultural heritage, I ask that you consider making a donation to PIARA to help fund this stage of the project. We are optimistic about future funding, and have received some grant support already, but are in need of immediate contributions to complete this first stage. Your consideration of making a donation to PIARA in any amount, large or small, is greatly appreciated.
Indeed, the Swedish Civil Contingencies Agency—a government body responsible for public safety, emergency management, and civil defense—recently launched campaigns to encourage Swedes to take more individual responsibility in times of emergency or crisis. In an agency survey, a majority of heads of local and regional emergency-management authorities said they believed most citizens would cope on their own for a maximum of 24 hours in the event of a crisis like a flood or wildfire. Respondents thought that at most half of all Swedes would help neighbors or strangers in the event that heat, water, or electricity were cut off. The others would expect someone else—a government official—to rush to their aid. The implication was that an over-reliance on the authorities might be hampering communal solidarity, individual resiliency, and plain decency.
Eberhard believes the zero-suicide program is not only unrealistic but also undesirable. “Of course all of us who work within psychiatry want to reduce suicide rates, but Vision Zero is a fantasy dreamt up by politicians with a lack of insight into science and into how psychiatry works,” he said.
Eberhard claimed that success in cutting suicide rates across the Western world in recent decades has largely been the result of two factors: antidepressants and early medical intervention. Excessive prescription can be a problem, he conceded, but radical improvements in treatments for depression and mental disorders, along with social shifts, have helped remove the stigma of seeking help.
Vision Zero schemes may seem like noble quests, he argued, but they constitute infinite pursuits for which citizens may pay a heavy price. “If we were to take this vision to its extreme, logical conclusion, then essentially the only way the state could reach the zero figure would be by forever bombarding psychiatric care with enormous amounts of money and locking up anyone who has ever mentioned having a thought about suicide,” said Eberhard, invoking a “logical conclusion” that, admittedly, hasn't come to pass yet.
Already, Eberhard added, the zero-suicide plan has pushed many psychiatrists to embrace the precautionary principle: “Today, we're simply too scared to release emotionally unstable patients—or those suffering from what is known as borderline personality disorder—because there is this pressure to prevent suicide at all costs, and so doctors and carers are afraid of being blamed if something happens to the patient once he or she leaves the hospital. The result is that, today, our institutional-care facilities are not mainly filled with people suffering from major depression, as was the case two decades ago, but with people who suffer from personality disorders, a milder diagnosis.”
Admitting such patients infringes on individual autonomy, Eberhard continued. But that's not all. For patients who suffer from borderline personality disorder rather than clinical depression, in-patient care may prove an inappropriate and even dangerous intervention. Eberhard pointed to research showing that patients are particularly at risk of attempting suicide just after being released from the hospital. The experience exacerbates the fear of abandonment that many of these patients grapple with, since they abruptly go from having 24-7 care to being sent home alone with only occasional telephone contact with medical staff.
Golden Currant, Grossulariaceae
Golden currant at the Nature Conservancy near Genoa, Nevada Five-petaled, golden yellow tubular flowers Tweet Golden currant (Ribes aureum), is a medium-sized shrub native to western North America. Its preferred habitat is wetlands and streambanks. The above flower picture was taken at Carson Valley's Whit Hall Interpretive Center of the River Fork Ranch east of Genoa, where some golden currant shrubs and other native species have been planted for display. The golden yellow tubular flowers attract hummingbirds. The tube openings show deep red. An onsite name tag identifies golden currant under its Washoe name: nan-hole-wah. Compared with other currant species, Ribes aureum is relatively drought-tolerant—nevertheless it does well on temporarily flooded land. It is cultivated in wildlife gardens. Custom Search
More to explore about golden currant
Bytes For All, an advocacy organization in Pakistan has released the first ever empirical-based research report on online hate speech in Pakistan (here are some of their key findings). In this piece, Global Voices contributor Qurratulain Zaman interviews Shahzad Ahmad, the Director of Bytes For All.
Pakistan's first-ever hate speech study is an attempt to understand and quantify online hate speech in the country, by examining the actual hate content produced in the country's cyberspace, and build the first quantitative snapshot of who is targeted, who creates it and what forms of hate speech are out there.
Hate speech is a growing concern among many Pakistani online social media users. Innocent people and minority communities like the Ahmadis, are often the targets. The Islamabad-based think tank Jinnah Institute's blog gives some examples:
Pakistani media is an agent of CIA and RAW, Shariat ya Shahadat (Shariah or Martydom), Maslak-e-Deoband (Cult of Deoband) and Shias are unbelievers. This is not a list of slogans chanted by extremists on the streets of Pakistan. It is a very small sampling of the thousands of hate-fueled extremist Facebook pages that make up the Pakistani online experience today.
And exactly what do those Facebook pages share? The blog cites an example of the extremely popular page My Ideology is Islam & My Identity is Pakistan (MIMIP) which has more than 700,000 likes.
The page averages about one share every two minutes, up to 10 hours a day. What do these shares consist of? The latest statements by Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief (formerly Lashkar-e-Taiba) Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, generic religious messages, anti-Ahmadi hate speech, health tips, the faces of Pakistani TV anchors, politicians and senior members of the judiciary Photoshopped with dogs, demons or Hindu/Jewish symbols, anti-Hindu, anti-India hate speech, anti-Semitism, racist, homophobic content, calls for jihad and news updates.
There have been weak efforts at condemning rising hate speech online. A website called Nafrat Aggregator tried to name and shame those who post hateful messages online without much success. The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan's (HRCP) Expert Group on Communities Vulnerable suggested that strong action be taken against those instigating violence through hate-speech online. Earlier this year Islamic scholars in Pakistan pushed for a hate-speech ban.
The Pakistani government vowed to stem the flow of hate-speech by taking strict action against anyone who propagates sectarianism via social media or mobile phones. The provincial Sindh government is keen to ban instant messaging and voice-over-Internet Protocol (VoIP) clients such as Skype, Viber and other communication networks because terrorists were reportedly using them to plot terrorist attacks. But nothing seems to deter the growing popularity of hate-filled social media shares.
Furhan Hossain writes on Twitter:
#HatespeechPk, a natural progression from the Internet Landscape of Pakistan study, would carry quantitative insight into hatespeech trends. — Furhan Hussain (@FurhanHussain) May 19, 2014
I have consulted with Bytes For All in the past and got to read their hate-speech report before it was released. I interviewed Shahzad Ahmad, the Director of Bytes For All, to get more details about the study for Global Voices (GV) :
GV: How do you define online hate speech?
SA: At Bytes for All, Pakistan, we align our definition of hate-speech with the recommendations of Frank La Rue, based on the work of Article 19, which lays out a series of parameters which form the basis of hate-speech which should be addressed by the law. Some of these parameters include the intention and intensity of any form of expression that either calls for or can lead to curtailment of human rights, discrimination, hostility and violence against any human being or group.
GV: Which community or group of people face more hate speech and what are the reasons?
SA: Groups which were observed to face the most amount of hate-speech included politicians, media groups/individuals, women and LGBT, and religious minorities. Another visibly large amount of hate-speech was against ‘Indians' and ‘Hindus,' where the two terms were being interchangeably used as if both were synonyms.
GV: What are the key findings of your upcoming report?
SA: One of the most important finding of the research indicated that Pakistani internet users were largely unaware of hate speech laws in Pakistan, but were, in general, largely able to identify hate speech correctly. One trend observed in the survey results was the impact of income on views, attitudes and understanding of hate speech. In almost all cases, respondents in the high income bracket had progressive views on hate speech, expressed a greater understanding of the issue, and were better at identifying hate speech correctly, as compared to all other demographic groups. Conversely, respondents in the low income bracket showed the least understanding of hate speech and were markedly worse at identifying hate speech correctly as compared to all other groups. In terms of platforms, Facebook was highlighted as the most problematic, with 91% of respondents indicating they had come across hate speech on the social network. It is unclear whether this is the result of Facebook's immense popularity in Pakistan, or the result of an endemic problem on the platform.
GV: Why is there a growing trend of hate speech and culture of humiliation on the Internet?
SA: Internet witnessed a steep rise during last 15 years in Pakistan. In a country where approximately 60% of population can be categorized as youth (less than 30 years of age), this new medium gave a new tool of communication to the youth. But the intolerance and conservativeness of society remained a problem even on the internet. Internet escalated this intolerance because it gave a platform to people to speak (and abuse), while maintaining any level of anonymity as per their desire. Lack of effective cybercrime laws and pro-people legislation, the intolerance of the society started reflecting on the internet more visibly. This is one of the reasons why we're witnessing growing trend of hate speech on the internet in Pakistan.
GV: How do you think, this issue of online hate speech should be tackled?
​SA: There is no quick way of tackling online violence, because what happens online is a reflection of the offline. While conventional peace building methods such as dissemination of online social etiquette are extremely important, Pakistani cyberspace is in dire need of pro-people cyber legislation to address the need of the day – holistic accountability of all individuals. Pakistan has had cyber laws in the past, when the ordinance lapsed, no one bothered to make sure that it remained a continuing process. Sadly, the past laws were anti-people and largely flawed, and the current proposed draft is also fairly problematic, although it can be improved after a multi-stakeholder process, which the government is always wary of. Having said this, the role of corporations and intermediaries in dealing with online hate speech and other forms of violence cannot be sidelined. Activists have been protesting against the lax attitude of corporations such as Facebook and Twitter in addressing online abuse through various campaigns such as Take Back The Tech!, #FBRape and #OrangeDay for years. Similarly many policy advocacy efforts are underway, but more are needed. Most importantly, at the end of the day, unity against violence will reign supreme.
GV: It is seen that peace activists, lawyers and journalists are also being targeted and threatened online in Pakistan? The recent case of Raza Rumi is an example: he was sent graphic images of death threats on Twitter and Facebook and the accounts were deleted later. How do you look at this situation?
SA: ​This is a classic example of how dangerously malicious some people can be online. It highlights the importance of treating digital mediums with as much importance as offline mediums. While ​cybercrime legislation as well as corporate intermediaries can both address these issues of user generated threats and violence to some extent, one issue is often not given adequate attention; dangers of non-transparent and illegal surveillance conducted by the governments themselves. Recent days have seen a massive increase in attacks on journalists and human rights defenders; all this, after governments have been exposed conducting illegal and invasive spying on everybody, which hints towards possible repeated misuse of such technologies even. It is no rocket science to understand that when governments force corporate intermediaries producing hardware and software to create back-doors into people's privacy, they create vulnerabilities in their physical well-being just as much. The lack of transparency in matters such as usage of dangerous technologies such as Finfisher is such that even after almost a year of filing a lawsuit against it, no progress into initiation of hearings has been made.
There is however a difference between trying to stem hate-speech and indiscriminately trying to stamp out differences of opinion and ideology. Unfortunately the first (Internet governance) often becomes an excuse for authorities to implement the latter (Internet censorship). Many secular, left-leaning Facebook pages from Pakistan found this out the hard way as they were allegedly removed and disappeared, almost magically. Let's hope this report is used positively to understand hate-speech and stem it's rise and not be used negatively to feed the demon of censorship.
A small Iranian expedition has climbed new terrain on the southwest side of Broad Peak. While the line is not independent, the top section appears difficult and committing.
A much larger Iranian team first tried this line in 2009. It begins well to the right of the Normal Route, climbing a southwest facing rocky rib to reach the crest of the south-southwest spur at 6,226m.
This appears to be the same spur that the Mexican Carlos Carsolio climbed solo, and in alpine style, in 1994, though Carsolio climbed much of it on the right flank, whereas the Iranians are likely to have followed the crest more diligently.
Carsolio found difficulties of UIAA V and 70°. The Iranians overcame a 30m overhanging loose rock step, and towards the top a section of 75° ice. They fixed 1,600m of fixed rope.
Above, the crest of the spur becomes a knife-edge with gendarmes, features that Carsolio mentioned in his description and which gave him some trouble. Above a snow dome at 6,290m the spur merges with a large inclined glacial plateau, which rises steadily to join the Normal Route at 6,800m.
Carsolio reached the Normal Route but was forced down by inclement weather. He descended the Normal Route, only to return by this line later and solo a new route to the summit.
The Mexican moved right from the standard Camp 3, climbing steep mixed terrain and hard rock directly to the Foresummit. From there he traversed easily to the main top. He self-belayed the difficulties, and close to 8,000m made multiple attempts on a strenuous grade V diedre before finally succeeding.
In 2009 two of the Iranian team, following Carsolio's lower route across the plateau, reached the standard Camp 3 at around 7,000m but altitude sickness forced them down.
Immediately prior to this Iranian attempt the rib had climbed in alpine style by French Ludovic Giambiasi and Elizabeth Revol. They reached the crest of the spur in two days, but large amounts of early season snow made onward progress too dangerous.
This year there were only five members in the Iranian team. Following the same route as the 2009 expedition, Aidin Bozorgi, Pouya Keivan and Mojtaba Jarabi reached Camp 3 and left for the summit on 13 July.
Their plan was to traverse out right on a lower line than that followed by Carsolio, then slant across mixed terrain and snow to reach the main summit directly.
It proved difficult. The three made a bivouac (with tent) at 7,350m, and the following day could climb no more than 100m to a second bivouac at 7,450m.
From there they made better progress, bivouacking again at around 8,000, before reaching the summit on 16 July, with plenty of time left that day to reverse the Normal Route to Camp 3.
But it was not to be. Despite communicating that they were in reasonably good shape on the summit, they made two more bivouacs before reaching the 7,900m col (on the Normal Route below the Foresummit) on the 18th.
At the time of writing it appears they are still in the vicinity of the col, but with no food or water, no shelter as their tent had been blown away, totally exhausted and with one member in a poor state, they are unable to move any further.
A full scale rescue has been implemented but the first attempt, by two Pakistan high altitude porters, trying to reach the climbers directly from Camp 3, failed.
This report will be updated after the weekend
« Back
We urge support for real feed-in tariffs for renewable energy and not nuclear power. British policymakers are poised yet again to ignore the dominant and most effective mechanism for promoting renewable energy across the world (feed-in tariffs) in favour of an auction system (Huhne promises 'seismic shift' to greener power, 17 December). This will replace the renewables obligation. The obligation is expensive, but allows good opportunities for onshore and offshore wind developers to set up schemes. The auction approach is tried and tested across the world (including the UK in the 1990s) and shown to consistently fail to deliver large capacities of renewable energy.
We need a German-style system which offers open-ended opportunities to developers to take up contracts to supply renewable energy at good, guaranteed rates for 20 years, with rates tailored for different renewable technologies. Instead, in its electricity markets reform proposals, the government is proposing a thinly disguised design for channelling money from electricity consumer receipts away from renewable energy, especially wind power, and towards nuclear power. The government proposals are inspired by e.on and EDF to benefit nuclear power, which will crowd out renewable energy. This flies in the face of all independent opinion polls which show that the public wants its electricity payments to be reserved for renewable energy, not nuclear power.
Dr David Toke Senior Lecturer in Energy Policy, Department of Political
Science and International Studies, University of Birmingham
Emeritus professor David Elliott Professor of Technology, Faculty of Mathematics, Computing and Design, Open University
Professor Bryan Wynne, Professor of Science Studies, Lancaster University
Professor John Twidell, AMSET Centre Leicestershire
Professor Andrew Dobson, Professor of Politics, School of Politics, International Relations and the Environment, Keele University,
Professor Keith Barnham, Physics Department, Imperial College London
Dr Paul Dorfman, Warwick Business School University of Warwick
Colin Challen
Herbert Eppel
Dr Richard Cowell
Dr Peter Connor, University of Exeter
Dr Candida Spillard
Dr Ian Fairlie
Paul Brown
Antony Froggatt Senior Research Fellow, Chatham House
Dr Xavier Lemaire
Buy Photo Louisville's Deng Adel yells encouragement from the sidelines during the Cards' 89-61 win over the Ospreys Saturday afternoon at the KFC Yum! Center. Adel missed the game due to a knee sprain. (Photo: Matt Stone/The Courier-Journal)Buy Photo
It's been known for a while that Louisville basketball would be a part of the eight-team Battle 4 Atlantis field for the 2016 version of the tournament.
On Friday, the field was officially announced.
Louisville will be joined by Baylor, LSU, Michigan State, Old Dominion, St. John's, VCU and Wichita State for the event, which is held every year on Paradise Island in the Bahamas. The annual tournament is always held over the week of Thanksgiving, with each team guaranteed three games.
The potential for three quality opponents means Louisville could have one of the most difficult schedules in college basketball next season. In addition to the Battle 4 Atlantis, Louisville will also play Indiana in Indianapolis on New Year's Eve, plus the annual rivalry game against Kentucky and the Big Ten/ACC Challenge.
The only other finalized game for the 2016-17 schedule is a trip to Arizona to play Grand Canyon, though coach Rick Pitino said last week that his team's schedule for next season is nearly finished.
The ACC has not announced the league pairings for the 2016-17 schedule yet.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.– Within a matter of weeks, daily passenger rail service between Indianapolis and Chicago could become a thing of the past.
If an agreement between the state of Indiana and Amtrak is not either in place or well into good-faith negotiations by Oct. 1, the Hoosier State service line will stop running in mid-October.
Two lines currently serve the corridor. The Cardinal line runs three days per week and encompasses a larger route that would not be affected by this scenario.
The Hoosier State line runs between the Circle and Windy cities four days each week, with stops in places like Crawfordsville and Lafayette. The Hoosier State line's future is in doubt because of a 2008 law passed by Congress that transferred the financial burden of routes shorter than 750 miles to the states, rather than the federal government.
In order to continue the current level of service, Amtrak told Fox 59 News that Indiana would have to pay $3 million for the next fiscal year starting in October. The Indiana Department of Transportation (INDOT) said the study commissioned to look at the issue is not yet completed or available to the public.
“The average ticket price on the Hoosier State is $23,” said INDOT spokesman Will Wingfield. “The federal support up to this point has been an average of $80 per rider. So there's a very big difference between the revenue the route generates and the total cost to operate.”
Wingfield said the state is looking at changing route scheduling, length and frequency as a way to increase demand and decrease the amount the state would have to pay. Talks are also being held with local officials for those affected municipalities to chip in, he said.
Train advocates, including Bill Malcolm and Doug Yerkson, have been distributing pamphlets at and around Indianapolis' Union State to raise awareness and help save the Hoosier State line, which was used by nearly 37,000 people last year.
“We know we're not dealing with the perfect,” Malcolm said in agreeing that upgrades need to be made to the service, “but let's not let the perfect be the enemy of the good.”
Yerkeson said Amtrak's Hoosier State line is necessary for Indiana to compete with other cities in the region and world. He said the line could eventually become as popular as the link between Chicago and Milwaukee, which runs five trains every day, as opposed Indianapolis' one.
“The longterm goal is to maintain transportation alternatives,” Yerkeson said. “Quite honestly capacity is reaching a level where we're not going to be able to continue to expand our highway system indefinitely. We need to have viable alternative modes of transportation.”
Also at stake could be the Amtrak maintenance facility in Beech Grove.
Right now, the Hoosier State line is used to bring much of the heavy machinery to the Beech Grove facility. If that service stops running, Amtrak said it would make that much more difficult.
Amtrak said it has not had any discussions to move the work away from the 500 Hoosier workers at this time, but train advocates fear that could be the next step if the Hoosier State line is taken away.
Currently, Amtrak estimates the Beech Grove facility adds $71 million annually to the central Indiana economy.
Resources:
Eternal September or the September that never ended[1] is Usenet slang for a period beginning in September 1993,[2][3] the month that Internet service provider America Online (AOL) began offering Usenet access to its many users, overwhelming the existing culture for online forums.
Before then, Usenet was largely restricted to colleges, universities, and other research institutions. Every September, a large number of incoming freshmen would acquire access to Usenet for the first time, taking time to become accustomed to Usenet's standards of conduct and "netiquette". After a month or so, these new users would either learn to comply with the networks' social norms or tire of using the service.
Whereas the regular September freshman influx would quickly settle down, the influx of new users from AOL did not end and Usenet's existing culture did not have the capacity to integrate the sheer number of new users.[4][5] The influx was exacerbated by the aggressive direct mailing campaign by AOL Chief Marketing Officer Jan Brandt, which most notably involved distributing millions of floppy disks and CD-ROMs with free trials of AOL.[6]
Since then the popularity of the Internet has brought on a constant stream of new users. Hence, from the point of view of the early Usenet, the influx of new users in September 1993 never ended.
Dave Fischer appears to have coined the term in a January 1994 post to alt.folklore.computers: "It's moot now. September 1993 will go down in net history as the September that never ended."[7]
New scary movie The Babadook, which puts a single mum at its heart, is following a tradition in horror where females are the central protagonists. So why don't more people watch them?
As 31 October approaches, the film world divides into two: those who like horror movies, and those who do not. I frequently hear members of the latter group condemning the genre as promoting violence and male chauvinism. The phrase “torture porn” is almost invariably used, in reference to the Hostel and Saw franchises. Imagine if the same generalisations were made about other genres? “I heard Diana was terrible so I'm never watching another drama.” “The trailer for Let's Be Cops looks bad so I'm giving up on comedy for good.”
Horror movies, like all movies, come in a variety of styles, from teen slashers like Halloween, Scream and Sorority Row, to gore-free psychological chillers like Les Diaboliques, The Haunting, Rosemary's Baby, The Others, and The Ring. What all the films I've listed do have in common, however, is their central female protagonists. What's more, they all pass the Bechdel Test.
In fact, horror is the easiest genre in which to find female leads. And no, these films aren't all about “some big-breasted girl who can't act who is always running up the stairs when she should be running out the front door”, as Neve Campbell's Sydney Prescott suggested in the first Scream movie.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ginger Snaps … a film about sisterly love and teen werewolves
Teen werewolf flick Ginger Snaps (2000) is above all a movie about sisterly love; The Descent (2005) – an all-girl adventure trip turned nightmare – offers a frank look at female friendship under pressure; Teeth (2007), a film about vagina dentata, is a brilliant examination of a girl fighting back against sexual exploitation; Mama (2013) is an exploration of maternal love and child-rearing (with ghosts); and Lyle (2014) – a lesbian Rosemary's Baby – skilfully shows how aspirations can damage a family.
This Halloween, writer/director Jennifer Kent's feature debut The Babadook opens in the UK. Ostensibly a film about a single mother whose young son finds a scary picture book full of horrid predictions that start coming true; the movie is one of the best explorations of grief, loneliness, single-parent challenges and parental guilt I've seen. Dubbed a female The Shining, the film also dares to explore the biggest taboo of all: a mother feeling hatred for her child. Those with sensitive gag reflexes can relax, as the gore factor is low. However, you will see scenes of a Bechdel-passing nature that are unique in mainstream cinema (when was the last time you watched a middle-aged mother listlessly reach into her sewing box to find her vibrator?)
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Peter Bradshaw on why you should watch The Babadook
On the DVD front, your girl-power needs are met by the release of Lucky McKee and Chris Sivertson's cheerleader-zombie-witch flick All Cheerleaders Die. Anyone familiar with McKee's oeuvre will know that he likes his gore (and does it well), but he's also responsible for some of the most feminist cinematic narratives of recent years: May, The Woods, The Woman, and now Cheerleaders. All the films centre on female relationships, most have central (incidentally) lesbian characters, and highlight the inequality of the sexes. It's no simplistic case of girl=good, boy=bad; there are truly despicable male characters, but also scary, nasty females.
Easy answers aren't on offer; McKee's movies may look like lightweight slashers – and they are indeed fast-paced and humorous with catchy soundtracks – but scratch the garish pop-culture surface and you'll find a radical gender narrative at work. McKee himself tells me, “Some people are thrown by [Cheerleaders], particularly guys who assume that at least one of the boys in the movie is going to manage to do something heroic.”
With much of contemporary cinema feeling unexciting and retrogressive, why not make this the Halloween when you challenge your assumptions and give horror a chance? You can always think of it as “art house”, “thriller” or “independent” if it makes you feel better.
With just hours to go before the final US presidential debate, Hillary Clinton's camp has again decided to play the Russian card. But this time it's not only Moscow that's behind the leak of DNC and Podesta emails – somehow RT is also involved, Clinton's team claims.
Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri assured the Washington Post that the Democratic candidate is fully focused on preparing to debate with Donald Trump, and is not at all concerned by the emails recently released by WikiLeaks in huge batches on a daily basis.
READ MORE: Latest WikiLeaks #Podesta emails: Black voters, ‘backstabbing' & San Bernardino
However, Palmieri didn't miss an opportunity to throw a jab at Moscow.
“This is an effort that's led by the Russians. Intelligence agencies have confirmed that that is designed to hurt our campaign, so we're not spending a lot of our own internal time doing that,” Palmieri was cited by the WP as saying on Tuesday.
“I will note that if we needed more evidence that this is an effort that's controlled by the Russians, on more than one occasion Russia Today [RT] has actually posted emails from WikiLeaks even ahead of WikiLeaks,” the Clinton campaign communications director said, adding that “it's pretty clear that they're helping.”
RT is looking into the possibility of suing the Clinton campaign for spreading false information, following Palmieri's statements.
"It's amazing that 100-percent, distilled lies are being spread by none other than Clinton's communications director. If they know the material so well and believe in nonsense invented by their own media, then some geopolitical decisions just cease to amaze,” RT's editor-in-chief, Margarita Simonyan, said.
“I'm going to pass it to the lawyers. Let them see if there are any legal perspectives,” she added.
WikiLeaks has been publishing leaked emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta in batches in October, with the correspondence, among other embarrassing details, revealing that Clinton made speeches paid by Goldman Sachs bank, supported fracking, worked with mass media for better coverage, and manipulated main rival in the primaries, Bernie Sanders, to support her.
The Clinton Campaign has neither confirmed nor denied the authenticity of the leaked emails, choosing to attack Russia instead.
On October 13, RT really did break the Podesta emails before WikiLeaks, but it had nothing to do with the conspiracies promoted by the Clinton camp.
RT journalists discovered the fresh emails, which are made public at around 9am ET almost daily, on the WikiLeaks site and hurried to release the news.
The announcement by WikiLeaks that the #PodestaEmails6 were now available followed shortly.
Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon was fast to accuse the whistleblowing website of working with Russia to propel Republican nominee Trump to the White House.
WikiLeaks replied that the release was available for everyone willing to look at its website.
@ChristopherJM@RT_com No they didn't. The release was visible to anyone looking at https://t.co/wzxeh7hZLU well before our first tweet. — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) 13 октября 2016 г.
Clinton has mentioned Moscow and Vladimir Putin on numerous occasions during the campaign, saying in debates that the Russian president “let loose cyberattackers to hack into [US] government files, to hack into personal files, hack into the Democratic National Committee.”
She also accused Trump of being actively supported by the Kremlin and promised to “defend the citizens of this country [the US] and the Russians need to understand that.”
Trump said that he had never met Putin and that while he is adamant that positive relations with Russia would be better for America, he is somewhat ambivalent toward the Russian leader.
READ MORE: 'I don't have any feelings one way or the other' - Trump on ‘bromance' with Putin
The US recently officially accused Russia of the hacks. However, Washington has at no point presented any proof of Moscow's involvement in hack attacks on US organizations and politicians, including Clinton.
READ MORE: Putin: White House uses Russia scaremongering to manipulate Americans
Putin said the Obama administration is dragging Russia into the US presidential election to manipulate American voters for the benefit of Hillary Clinton, adding that email revelations have nothing to do with Russia's interests.
Singapore FinTech Awards 2016, comprising the MAS FinTech Award and ABS Global FinTech Award, will be part of the inaugural Singapore FinTech Festival that will be held during 14 – 18 November 2016.
The Awards recognise innovative FinTech solutions that have been implemented by FinTech companies, financial institutions, and technology companies. To qualify, the projects must have been implemented before 30 June 2016.
Singapore Fintech Awards has announced 40 fintech startups and companies made their way to the finalists.
4xLabs
4xLabs is a fintech start-up headquartered in Singapore with regional offices across Asia. The company develops cloud-based services addressing the needs of all players in the often overlooked cash exchange market.
Aimazing
Aimazing is enabling any smartphone to conduct mobile payments, by using SoundWaves. We offer an SDK for mobile wallets or any relevant applications, to encrypt and transfer information between devices, with sound.
Attores
Attores enables data and documents to be shared securely, with full traceability and auditability using smart contracts and blockchain technology.
AUDITime
AUDITime is a global Governance, risk and compliance services company composed of experts specializing in risk management and assurance. Our company includes experts in areas of banking, financial services, insurance, risk and compliance, technology effectiveness, investigations and quality assurance. Our consultants have deep insights on par with the thought leaders of the world. We are more accessible, adept and cost effective than these competitors in delivering value for our clients.
Bento Investing
Bento, a company of Mesitis Capital, is a bionic investment advisor that merges algorithm-powered asset allocation models with a human touch that promises better portfolio performance, productivity and user experience for a fraction of the cost of a traditional human-only advisor.
BioCatch
BioCatch is a provider of Behavioral Biometric, Authentication and Malware Detection solutions for mobile and web applications. Available as a cloud-based solution, BioCatch proactively collects and analyzes more than 500 parameters to generate a unique user profile. Organizations use the platform to continuously authenticate users during their online sessions, protecting against cyber threats and fraudulent activity, such as account takeover and RAT-in-the-Browser (RitB).
Capital Match
Capital Match is a leading lending and invoice financing platform for SMEs in Southeast Asia. We provide SMEs with affordable working capital from professional investors.
CashShield
CashShield was established in 2007 with the objective of pioneering research within the highly unexplored and specialized field of cyber fraud risk management to develop an optimized online fraud protection solution. It is an award-winning technology and an optimised fraud risk-management solution.
Citi
Citi is a world-class organization that has been in business for over 200 years and is made up of creative, visionary and entrepreneurial thinkers like you. Here is a place where the best succeed, where opportunities for advancement are open to all, where individual talent is valued and where the courage to always do what's right is the hallmark of our success. Citi cultivates great minds like yours and here you'll have tremendous opportunities to grow, learn and make your mark.
CoAssets
CoAssets is Southeast Asia's first public listed crowdfunding site with offices in Singapore, Australia, Malaysia, China and Indonesia. CoAssets brings real estate developers, businesses and investors together, with in excess of S$43 million worth of transactions taking place through the platform in the last two years. As a vested stakeholder in the crowdfunding space, CoAssets has also launched Crowdfunders.Asia, a magazine that is dedicated to all things related to crowdfunding to benefit the crowdfunding community.
Crowdo
Crowdo is a regional fintech startup offering a portfolio of p2p lending and securities crowdfunding solutions. One of the largest and fastest growing in the region, Crowdo has offices in Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. While recognized as an industry pioneer and champion, it is one of the first operators to be awarded a license by a regulator and the first to offer a full equity and debt portfolio to its clients.
Digix
Digix is an asset-tokenisation platform built on Ethereum. We leverage the blockchain's immutability, transparency and auditability by applying it to precious physical assets. Digix has created a range of technologies including The Proof of Asset Protocol (POA), Digix Gold Tokens (DGX), a gold-backed token for Ethereum, and DGD – Digix DAO Tokens.
fastacash™
fastacash™ provides a global social payment platform which allows users to transfer value (money, airtime, other tokens of value, etc.) along with digital content (photos, videos, audio, messages, etc.) through social networks and messaging platforms. The company has developed a patent pending link generation technology that enables the value transfer with a secure link.
FinChat
FinChat offers the whole Spectrum of compliance tools for IM users in regulated industries for instance financial institutions. This translates into Employees chatting with clients using Whatsapp, WeChat, Skype while staying audit compliant. FinChat offers the web as well as mobile based compliance tools which are voluntary in nature i.e protect your employee's privacy.
TransferTo
TransferTo is a B2B mobile payment network, interconnecting financial institutions and mobile operators globally. Thousands of leading companies, including Vodafone's M-Pesa, Tigo Money, Orange, Western Union, PayPal and Xoom rely on TransferTo's Mobile Money and Airtime Hub.
Forter
Forter provides new generation fraud prevention to meet the challenges faced by modern enterprise e-commerce. Only Forter provides fully automated, real-time Decision as a Service™ fraud prevention, with approve/decline decisions backed by a 100% chargeback guarantee. The system eliminates the need for rules, scores or manual reviews, making fraud prevention friction-free.
FundedHere
FundedHere was founded in Singapore in 2015; it is the first Singapore home-grown crowdfunding platform that offers equity crowdfunding and lending-based crowdfunding. Equity crowdfunding is a financing mechanism through which investors are investing into the start-ups in exchange of equity holdings.
Funding Societies
Funding Societies is a friendly online platform for SMEs to acquire loans to fuel their growth and for investors to crowdlend the SME loans and earn returns of up to 14% per annum. Their vision is to support the growth and globalization of societies in Southeast Asia. In order to achieve this vision, we want to give businesses the access to adequate and equitable funding. At the same time, we want to offer investors an option for reliable alternate investments with solid returns. The model is proven in countries like the USA, UK and China.
Fundnel
Fundnel is a private investment platform that offers unlisted securities in growth and pre-IPO stage companies across industries to a qualified network of investors, comprising of both professional – corporate venture, private equity, venture capital funds, family offices, angel investor networks – and individually accredited investors actively looking to diversify their current portfolio.
InvoiceInterchange
InvoiceInterchange offers you a fast and flexible way to finance your business and allows companies like yours to grow, pay bills or overcome seasonal cash flow fluctuations by freeing up cash locked up in invoices due 30, 60, or even 90 days.
Kapital Boost
Kapital Boost helps Asian small businesses grow BIG. Our Singapore-based hybrid Crowdfunding platform levels the playing field by providing liquidity for goods and capital purchases for SMEs. In return, these deals give our Crowdfunding Community potentially high short-term returns.
Keychain
Keychain is the decentralized authentication blockchain platform for finance, IoT, and enterprise. “Decentralized Authentication”, “Key Blockchain”, and “Athentication Blockchain” are registered trademarks of Keychain Pte. Ltd.
Lenddo
Lenddo is enabling businesses to simply and securely evaluate both the character and identity of customers using alternative data in order to extend credit and deliver life-improving services. Lenddo was honored as a 2014 Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum.
MatchMove Pay
MatchMove Pay is Singapore's fastest growing finance technology company, providing innovative enterprise solutions to help businesses increase revenue, user engagement and loyalty through the strategic use of our customizable cloud-based PCI-DSS compliant platforms.
M-DAQ
Founded by a group of veterans from the FX and Securities Industries with experience averaging 15 years amongst the key members, M-DAQ is a game-changing platform that prices and trades exchange-traded products in a multitude of choice currencies by blending ‘executable' FX rates into equities and futures products. M-DAQ enables Securities Exchanges to go multi-currency without significant changes to systems and back-end processes, with low start-up and running costs.
Canopy
Canopy accepts trading information and bank statements in any electronic format and generates consolidated, relevant analysis that helps investors make sense of and act on their financial portfolio.
MoolahSense
MoolahSense aims to connect established businesses seeking loans for capital expansion, equipment purchases or other needs to the broad investor community. We are motivated in addressing the gaps in access for funding and investing for small businesses and everyday investors. We hope to contribute towards fostering a culture of entrepreneurship and to promote a more inclusive financial system.
Nearex
Nearex aims to empower people by simplifying proximity transactions such as Micropayments using mobile technology. It was founded by veterans from the mobile and financial industry with extensive exposure to emerging markets where mobile money services are driving large-scale financial inclusion for mostly unbanked societies.
New Union Investment
New Union Investment is Singapore's largest Business Financing Platform where local businesses seeking short-term financing connect with individuals and businesses seeking short-term investments.
OCBC Bank
OCBC Bank is the longest established Singapore bank, formed in 1932 from the merger of three local banks, the oldest of which was founded in 1912. It is now the second largest financial services group in Southeast Asia by assets and one of the world's most highly-rated banks, with an Aa1 rating from Moody's. Recognised for its financial strength and stability, OCBC Bank is consistently ranked among the World's Top 50 Safest Banks by Global Finance and has been named Best Managed Bank in Singapore and the Asia Pacific by The Asian Banker.
Pole Star
Pole Star is a privately owned UK company that has been providing tracking and monitoring services to the global maritime industry since 1998. From its headquarters in London, and via a network of offices located at key international maritime hubs, the company has earned a reputation as the principal provider of remote fleet management, ship security, Long Range Identification and Tracking (LRIT) and fisheries monitoring services.
Rubique
Rubique is new identity of bestdealfinance. Rubique offers a wide range of loan products and end- to-end loan fulfillment for individuals and MSMEs. This company has introduced a tech-led lending platform which is unique in terms of its matchmaking algorithm and direct integration with Financial Institutions' lending systems. With this technology solution, the model is focused on disbursement rather than mere lead generation allowing customer to get the best deal in the quickest possible time while lowering the cost for customer acquisition for the financial institution.
Saxo Capital Markets
Established in 1992, Saxo Bank Group is a pioneer in the development of online trading platforms, allowing private traders the access to capital markets as professional traders and fund managers have as institutional clients of banks. Essentially, changing the way we trade and invest.
Spark Systems
Spark Systems is an exciting new Fin-Tech startup funded by industry veterans, we are the first high tech solution provider for institutional forex trading that is originated in Asia. We aim to build world class FX trading platform to serve a growing Asia financial hub.
Tookitaki
Tookitaki is a automated predictive analytics startup. The platform is disrupting the predictive modeling space through its end to end software distribution and its self learning capabilities. The platform connects data science and engineering team to build a production ready predictive service environment handling massive data sets at 1/3 time and resources.
Turnkey Lender
Turnkey Lender is a “cloud” system for automatic borrowers' evaluation, decision making and automation of all processes in online (and off-line) lending
United Overseas Bank Limited (UOB)
United Overseas Bank Limited (UOB) is a leading bank in Asia with a global network of more than 500 offices in 19 countries and territories in Asia Pacific, Western Europe and North America. Since its incorporation in 1935, UOB has grown organically and through a series of strategic acquisitions. In Asia, it operates through its branches and representative offices as well as banking subsidiaries in China, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore and Thailand.
OurCrowd
OurCrowd enables angel investors from around the world to invest alongside us in hand-picked, diligenced early-stage companies at the same terms, while providing fast-growing companies with a new strategy for raising capital. Our mission is to grow this global equity crowdfunding solution at a scale never accomplished before.
Validus
Validus is an e-commerce online aggregator platform that connects borrowers and lenders. Borrowers are SMEs (LLP and PTE) registered in Singapore Lenders are experienced investors who may be individual or corporate, based in Singapore or overseas having a Singapore bank account.
© Getty Images Enlarge Luke Shaw has caught the eye of a number of leading Premier League clubs, including Manchester United
Southampton manager Mauricio Pochettino has stated in no uncertain terms that the club will not entertain any offers for rising star Luke Shaw, as speculation intensifies that Chelsea and Manchester United are poised to swoop.
Shaw, 18, enjoyed an outstanding debut campaign for the Saints in 2012-13 and has consolidated his position as Pochettino's first-choice left-back this season.
But his excellent displays for the surprise top-four contenders have drawn unwanted interest, with United and Chelsea reportedly ready to offer big money to prise him away from the south coast.
United are expected to lose Patrice Evra at the end of this season and don't see current stand-in Alexander Buttner as a feasible long-term option at left-back while, at Chelsea, Ashley Cole's future has come into question following Jose Mourinho's recent preference for playing Cesar Azpilicueta out of position on the left.
The Daily Telegraph reports the Blues could offer £20 million for Shaw in January, suggesting that a move for him could spark a merry-go-round that would see Ryan Bertrand go to Everton and Leighton Baines to United.
However, Saints boss Pochettino feels no pressure to sell Shaw and warned any potential suitors off making an offer.
"Clubs can show their interest - that is not something we can control. In this case, Luke Shaw is not a player we want to sell. He is not for sale."
Download ESPN's new UK sport app, a fresh and powerful new way to follow your favourite UK sports news, scores and video.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd
0 Police: Robbers rip cameras out after holding up hotel
COLLEGE PARK, Ga.,None - Police in College Park are looking for two robbers who held a hotel clerk at gunpoint and still are on the loose.
Surveillance video captured the men in the act.
Police told Channel 2's Richard Elliot the robbers tried to destroy the cameras after they were finished.
Now, College Park police hope the video will help capture the robbers.
The video shows the night manager at the Days Inn on Old National Parkway letting the two men in at about 4 a.m. Friday because they said they wanted a room for the night.
As they started discussing how much the room would cost, the one-man pulls out a silver automatic pistol and points it at the night manager, in full view of a surveillance camera.
Then, the man with the gun hops over the front desk to finish the robbery.
The motel's main manager was asleep upstairs when all this happened and after it was all over, he got the call from his employee.
"She was scared, and she was not able to talk. She was just crying and crying. Shaking," the manager said, who asked not to be identified.
http://bcove.me/55u0o59v
The manager said the two bandits got away with only a couple of hundred dollars and the employee's purse.
As they were leaving, they ripped the camera out of the wall. But by then it was too late. They'd been caught on video.
"You need to be real careful when you're working late at night," Detective Lonnie Napier of the College Park Police Department said.
Napier showed Elliot the video and thinks someone will recognize the gunman's very colorful jacket.
"The base of color of the jacket was brown with several multi-colors. Yellow, green and possible orange, and it said limited research group on the back and front of the jacket," Napier said.
The manager said his employee is fine and actually wants to come back to work.
Anyone who recognizes the men is asked to call College Park police at 404-761-3131.
You remember in grade school when you first learned about plate tectonics and how all of the continents shifted about emerging from one single land called pangea? After i learned about that I spent weeks looking at maps and thinking about how obvious it was that south america and africa fit together. Well that is how i felt the first time i encountered bourbon and pecans. The woody flavor of the pecans and the caramel-y smokey flavors of the bourbon fit together so well it was a wonder i hadn't thought to put them together before.
After a recent trip to Death & Co in new york i tried one of their Buffalo Soldiers, which is a pretty simple recipe as shown here at Cocktail Buzz. The drink is great but the most exciting part of the recipe is the pecan bourbon which can have a lot of interesting uses.
The recipe on cocktail buzz is a good start though it sounds a little like it was just discussed over the bar with some pretty vague measurements like cover the nuts with cayenne. I can speak from experience that you do not want to cover the nuts with cayenne or you will end up with a very spicy concoction. Here's the version that seemed to work best for me:
Pecan Infused Bourbon 750 ml Buffalo Trace Bourbon
2 cups Pecans
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/4 tsp Cayenne
Directions
Soak the pecans in water for 30 minutes and then drain the water out. Lay the nuts out on a baking sheet and sprinkle the salt, pepper and cayenne over the nuts and the place the tray in the oven for at 300. This brings out some of the oils in the nuts and helps the nuts absorb the flavor of the spices. Remove after 20 minutes and let cool. Then place all of the nuts in a bell jar and fill to top with Bourbon. Seal and store for 1 week stirring or shaking each day. When done strain back into the empty bourbon bottle and store in the refrigerator.
Surge in dental surgery on young children triggers call for action on oral health education and sugar intake
The number of tooth extractions on children aged four and under in English hospitals has risen by almost a quarter over the past decade.
NHS data obtained by the faculty of dental surgery at the Royal College of Surgeons (RCS) shows there were 9,206 extractions within the age group in 2015-16 compared with 7,444 in 2006-07 – a 24% rise.
When should I start taking my child to the dentist? Read more
The figures prompted calls for parents, the government and the food industry to take action to reverse the alarming trend.
Prof Nigel Hunt, dean of the RCS's faculty of dental surgery, said: “When you see the numbers tallied up like this it becomes abundantly clear that the sweet habits of our children are having a devastating effect on the state of their teeth.
“That children as young as one or two need to have teeth extracted is shocking. It's almost certain that the majority of these extractions will be down to tooth decay caused by too much sugar in diets.”
The rise came as the number of children aged four and under in England rose by 16% over the same period.
Hunt said people should not be complacent about the removal of baby teeth as they “set the pattern for adult teeth, including tooth decay”.
He said 90% of tooth decay is preventable through reducing sugar consumption, regular brushing with fluoride toothpaste and routine dental visits, but that 42% of children did not see a dentist in 2015-16 despite treatment being free for under-18s.
The NHS dental service is broken – and its rotten payment system is to blame | Ollie Jupes Read more
“We'd like to see a significant proportion of the money raised through the government's sugar levy spent on oral health education,” he said. “Sugar has an almost immediate damaging impact on teeth and if we teach parents and children to cut down on sweet treats and look after their teeth properly, there will be a positive knock-on effect for childhood obesity rates too.”
The British Dental Association (BDA) said that ministers in England had offered a “collective shrug” to the problem compared with dedicated programmes run by the Scottish and Welsh devolved governments “which have had transformative effects on children's oral health”.
The BDA chair, Mick Armstrong, said there were deep inequalities which “require real commitment from government, not just token efforts”.
Katharine Jenner, campaign director at Action on Sugar, lamented the rise of added sugar but also called for a change in culture.
“Added sugar has found its way into almost all food and the use of sugar as a means to calm, entertain or reward children has become normalised, whereas sugar should be an occasional treat,” she said.
“Sugar-sweetened drinks are the biggest contributor of sugar in the diets of children and teenagers and, unless they are reduced, these drinks will still contribute to the high levels of obesity, type 2 diabetes and tooth decay – all of which are preventable and cost the NHS billions of pounds each year.”
The latest national diet and nutrition survey showed that, in 2012-2014, children aged one-and-a-half to three years old consumed 63g of sugar-sweetened soft drinks a day on average.
The RCS figures also show more than 34,000 extractions were performed on children aged nine and under in each of the past two years, compared with 27,760 in 2005-06.
A government spokesman said: “We are introducing a soft drinks levy, as well as a broader sugar reduction programme, to encourage food and drink companies to reduce the amount of sugar that is in popular products in the first place.”
Public Health England advised parents to ensure their children follow good dental hygiene, including limiting sugary food and drink.
Evil: He beats Satan up for his lunch money
Likeability: -9001
Power: Control over your destiny
There is a reason I named my account after this guy. Matt Engarde is the embodiment of evil. He seems like a regular teenage movie superstar (because there is a whole lot of those around, right?) who got into a legal jam. His assistant seems to be the villain in the case, and Matt Engarde is just the victim. He is the defendant, after all, and Phoenix Wright's defendants are ALWAYS innocent, right? Fans could never have been so wrong. And even when we cracked our first 5-lock Psyche Lock and found out the true, scarred face behind that guise of a "spring breeze", players knew he had a trump card: his cohort had poor Maya locked up in a cell somewhere, and her freedom would only be secured when Engarde's was. His mastermind plan had us trapped all along. He was evil, and he flaunted it right in our faces, mocking our situation as he sneered at us. We had misjudged Ms. Andrian Andrews, accusing her for a crime she was only trying to justify, albeit in a poorly-conceived way. Matt Engarde could only be brought down by what truly was a miracle: the combined efforts of Phoenix, Edgeworth, Gumshoe, Andrews, Franziska, and Mia, along with one piece of definitive evidence.
Matt Engarde's trap put players in a situation no other video game has put me in personally. Do I side with justice and convict Matt Engarde at the price of Maya's life? Or do I side with my own desires and let Maya free along with Matt Engarde at the price of Ms. Andrew's innocence? There was no opportunity to save, and I stared at those two options a long time before I made my answer. And even after Matt got the verdict he deserved, the game reminds you of the decision you made. And even though it had no actual impact on the gameplay, it makes you realize what kind of person you are. Matt Engarde, even though you are a disgusting jerk with no place in society, I thank you for what you did.
Narendra Modi
Sitting on a throne is a thousand times harder than winning one. It's one of my all-time favourite quotes from Game of Thrones by the very large King of the mythical Seven Kingdoms, Robert Baratheon. All prime ministers have realised this-even Rajiv Gandhi, whom we would like to see through the warm haze of nostalgia as a shining young prince cut down in his prime. The truth is Priyanka Gandhi Vadra's beloved martyr let India down. The man with the largest mandate in Indian history who threatened to destroy the power brokers of his party ended his five years in office in ignominy, a prisoner of his cronies, buffeted by corruption charges and nearly turfed out by party veterans who thought him too arrogant. It took a tremendous journey of expiation through India, listening to angry voters, a purging of his gatekeepers and a rearguard action by Young Turks to bring him back to the cusp of victory in 1991 before his tragic assassination.
There is a lesson in that for his utterly confused son, who seems to have abandoned Elections 2014. But there is a greater lesson for Candidate Modi, should he become prime minister. The burden of expectations has never been higher. The seat of power in Delhi is indeed an Iron Throne, "a monstrous uncomfortable chair". But from all accounts, India's new Iron Man is the master of his agenda. His bid for power, relentless, single-minded and dedicated, does not end with its mere acquisition. He's the Man with a Plan. And here is how it may well play out:
Political consolidation A good king keeps his friends close, but his enemies closer. And nowhere do they flourish more than in the petty anxieties of a party which has renewed its acquaintance with power after a decade. Modi will have to do a thorough purge of his party, rid it of its insidious camps, and what one senior leader calls disparagingly, property dealers, fixers, careerists and conspiracy theorists. Modi was organisational general secretary, so he knows there is young talent down the line, waiting to be called to action. He will also have to ensure RSS is kept busy with its own ongoing reorganisation, and not give them an opportunity to "mediate" in BJP affairs.
Electoral push Having self-detonated in Andhra Pradesh, the Congress continues to draw sustenance from two states, Maharashtra and Haryana, which will be going to polls by the end of the year. Modi will have to enthuse his party machinery to win, and win big, in both states.
Control over economic agenda and internal/external security Finance, defence, home and external affairs will be the key levers of governance. Who will he choose to run these portfolios? Expect lateral entries in the Cabinet by domain experts if Modi becomes prime minister. Expect also a new edge to the foreign service, as a force for economic diplomacy rather than as organisers of cultural kitty parties.
Focus on bureaucracy He has spent 12 years in Gujarat working closely with bureaucrats. He will enlist them, ensure they are allotted to appropriate ministries, send back extraneous secretaries to their parent cadre, and as in Gujarat, do a thorough background check on the second line of bureaucracy that usually functions as middlemen: The personal secretaries and officers on special duty employed by ministers.
Push key deliverables Infrastructure, from railways to roads, from industrial corridors to new cities will get a push. Given the criticism about crony capitalism, he will have to find a way to ensure these projects are allocated in a transparent way, with innovative funding.
Federal collaboration Election rhetoric tends to make enemies. He will have to forsake the anger and build bridges with all.
Make governance visible and responsive Modi is a hands-on administrator. He will have to ensure that there are no other hands either on the levers of power or in the till. He will have to be seen in office and in power.
As part of a recent interfaith Holocaust memorial service, I delivered a sermon at the historic St. Giles Cathedral, the Mother Church of Scotland; I'm told I was the first rabbi ever to do so. I consider it more than a coincidence that the event took place on the 45th anniversary of my father's death, a connection that is particularly stark because my father was a Holocaust survivor.
He was arrested on Kristallnacht (November 9, 1938) and taken to Dachau, where the Nazis shaved his head and beat him. Still, my father was fortunate – seven out of every nine Jews who lived in his native city of Leipzig in 1935 died in the Shoah. Because his relatives in the United States had the necessary papers in order, they were able to secure his release after only a few weeks. He came to this country, met and happily married a beautiful American woman, and fathered my sister and me. Though he was fortunate to escape, the residual effects of his suffering contributed to his death at age 57, while his two older brothers – who left Germany earlier – lived well into their 80s.
When the beadle of the Cathedral formally summoned me to ascend the St. Giles pulpit, my mind flashed back 45 years to that horrible call I received from my mother during my third year of rabbinical school in Jerusalem. Back then, an international phone call was a big deal. If you got one, it was your birthday or another special occasion – or something was terribly wrong.
When my landlady, widow of the former mayor of Jerusalem, came into my room at 5 a.m. to tell me my mother was on the phone, I knew it could only be one thing: My precious father, in my mother's words, “was gone.”
The long plane ride home, which stopped in France, was excruciating. Sitting next to me on the first leg of the flight was an ebullient woman on her way to Paris to celebrate her daughter's wedding. I did not have the heart to deflate her joy by sharing the somber reason for my travels, but listening to her, my stomach was in knots.
I spent 30 days at home before returning to Jerusalem to continue my studies. They were precious days of reflection and remembrance, and they confirmed for me the wisdom of our tradition in advising us to take sufficient time to absorb the blow after a loved one dies. I loved my father and admired him, but there are so many questions I would have liked to have asked.
Why didn't you leave Germany earlier?
What was it like when you first came to the United States?
You always acted like you loved me, but why did you never tell me?
Now, it was too late.
Years later, following my second open-heart surgery, I found myself depressed and concerned for my future. When I sought therapy, I was not surprised that the doctor zeroed in on my relationship with my dad: “You seem never to have been able to please him,” he noted.
I credit the Eternal One and that therapist for the blessings I have enjoyed since: the three months I spent as rabbi in Milan, my son's marriage, the birth of our fifth grandchild, the completion of my book, its translation into German, the two extended periods my wife and I spent in Germany, the many places I have been privileged to speak, and of course, our recent trip to Scotland.
Indeed, the future about which I fretted at the time has turned out very nicely. I believe in the things I am doing, and I hope they make a small difference for good.
But the doctor was correct: I still want to please my father.
Only now, in acknowledging the many blessings in my life, I am beginning to believe that maybe, just maybe, I am.
NEW YORK (JTA) – There's a lot to celebrate in the Conservative movement, despite the news about our shrinking numbers. Our rabbis are finding new ways to connect with congregants. Our movement remains committed to kashrut, daily prayer, Shabbat and holiday observance. Our synagogues have become energetic, vibrant places that welcome people of color, people of different sexual orientations and people who may not even count themselves as Jews.
Conservative institutions, however, are not as effective as they could be. While our movement's three central organizations – the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, the Rabbinical Assembly and the Jewish Theological Seminary – are attempting to provide guidance, resources and support to help communities cope with the dramatic demographic changes affecting Conservative Jewry, they remain hampered by their traditional understanding of Jewish law and the culture that has shaped it.
It's not easy to change institutional culture, and our movement's central institutions are trying. But until they successfully complete that process, the distance between our institutions and what is happening in our communities is growing. This gap is forcing Conservative rabbis to address the momentous generational challenges facing our communities more or less on their own.
This is especially the case when it comes to so-called patrilineal Jews – those born to Jewish fathers and non-Jewish mothers who have been raised as Jews.
Many communities, after some serious soul-searching, have come to believe that the Conservative movement's longstanding rule defining Jewish status as wholly dependent on the mother's religion is a growing impediment to Jewish growth. They understand that smaller isn't better and that the demographic wave of intermarriage cannot be reversed. They believe that the guidelines established for Conservative rabbis and their congregations more than 40 years ago are outdated, and that new and different strategies are required to address today's challenges.
READ: Amid identity crisis, Conservative Jews pay for rebranding
For now, these rabbis must determine how much flexibility exists within the legal system that governs us or whether, in order to meet the needs of current and future generations, they will ignore Conservative rules – at risk of expulsion from the movement.
These are difficult decisions, though some parts are easier than others. When a child born to a Jewish father and non-Jewish mother registers for religious school, our synagogues usually make clear at the outset that after a certain number of years, the parents will have to decide whether or not the child will undergo conversion. If not, the child cannot have a bar mitzvah or bat mitzvah.
Things are more difficult when it comes to weddings. How should a Conservative rabbi respond when a woman the rabbi has known her entire life wants to wed a partner who was raised as a Reform Jew but does not qualify as Jewish because his mother was not Jewish?
Many of my colleagues urge these patrilineal Jews to undergo formal conversion, including mikvah and ritual circumcision, or if necessary actual circumcision, to obviate problems down the road. In the event that the person in question is insulted or put off, there's not much we rabbis can do. We are not allowed to officiate at weddings involving patrilineal Jews.
These are not rare cases. They are becoming more and more frequent. We need solutions. While some rabbis simply may tell the couple “I'm sorry, I cannot officiate at your wedding,” others might choose an alternative given their belief that the couple will live Jewish lives and raise their children as Jews.
The irony about the Conservative Jewish debate on patrilineal descent is that for the most part, the matter already has been decided. I can't think of any Conservative synagogue that is turning away members. No one checks or most likely even asks about the bloodline of an adult.
When it comes to weddings, however, the problem cannot be avoided. When that couple gets married, do we want a Conservative rabbi standing with them under the huppah, a rabbi from a more liberal movement or no rabbi at all?
READ: Conservative synagogues wrestle with non-Jews in the pews
My colleagues grieve about this because they are prohibited even from attending a wedding where one partner is not considered Jewish by our definition. Do we really have to draw that line? There must be a better way.
I see two possible future scenarios given the disconnect between the standards our institutions insist upon and the reality of the Conservative Jewish landscape.
One, the leaders of the movement and its institutions affirm the values that unite us but cease to impose rules that restrict what rabbis can do in their own communities regarding matters of personal status – birth celebrations, b'nai mitzvah, weddings and divorces. This could result in significant growth for our movement.
Two, congregations continue to engage people in innovative ways without worrying about their affiliation with Conservative umbrella institutions that might censure their behavior or even expel them as members. This will strengthen congregations while weakening the influence of the movement.
I have had the privilege to visit 30-50 Conservative and Masorti congregations in North America and all over the world every year during my three decades as executive director of the Federation of Jewish Men's Clubs. Their work continues to encourage me. Despite everything, we're still doing many things that are very right. I think we can do this better.
(Rabbi Charles Simon is a executive director of the Federation of Jewish Men's Clubs, the male volunteer arm of the Conservative movement, and the author of “Intermarriage: Concepts and Strategies for Families and Synagogue Leaders.”)
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of JTA or its parent company, 70 Faces Media.
What does it mean to love your country? Is it the sort of love that means you never have to say you're sorry? The late, great critic AA Gill once observed that just as the Inuit people are rumoured to have dozens of words for snow, none of which actually mean “snow”, the British have “many, many” uses of the word “sorry”, but are somehow unable to apologise when it actually matters. It matters now. It matters because we have made a terrible mistake, and as the flaming omni­shambles of the Brexit negotiations roars on, the one option that almost nobody seems to want to discuss is the one that would cause the most embarrassment in the short term and the least pain in the long run: cancelling the whole thing and moving on.
Those of us peering through our fingers at the oozing 28-clown-car pile-up of British politics have largely been restricted, in the public sphere, to arguing for the process to be slowed and insisting on a better divorce settlement. It is not considered politically astute to come out and say categorically that we should not do Brexit at all. That it's a terrible idea. That we ought to apologise.
I don't think that saying so means I hate democracy. To suggest that things have changed, that the “hard” Brexit looming on the horizon is almost nobody's choice, is not at all undemocratic. We are told that the will of the people can be encapsulated by a non-binding referendum that, after a campaign riddled with misinformation, delivered a 4-point victory for Leave.
Except that perhaps it didn't. The Leave campaign is under investigation for potentially breaching campaign finance rules, and there's more than a suggestion that the Kremlin was involved in massaging the messaging in the weeks leading up to the vote. Bring back the good old days, I say, when all our consent was manufactured on home soil, instead of in warehouses in St Petersburg. At the very least, give us British lies for British voters.
But telling people that they were lied to is no winning strategy, just as telling people that they made a mistake and are about to suffer for it hardly ever wins an argument.
The larger, more important point is that democracy is not a sports game. It's not a weekend match in which one side wins and the other loses. Democracy is not a game at all, and those who approach it as one should have a chat with their consciences, especially those in parliament who persist in seeing it as a gentleman's pursuit whose consequences are not felt by anyone with a stately home to scuttle back to. Democracy is, or should be, an ongoing relationship between human beings trying to live together without murdering each other, making collective decisions about their future, not just hammering the other team into submission.
There is no good outcome here, for anyone. There might one day be a reality in which Britain could leave the European Union with its economy, dignity, reputation and social fabric intact, but not now. Brexit must be stopped, and the best way for that to happen is for this government to do the decent thing: withdraw Article 50 and fall on its sword. It's not as if the administration is long for this world anyway. We can turn this around, and we ought to – not just for our own good, but for every­one else's, too.
We like to think that, as a country, we're above all the swivel-eyed flag-wagging zealotry that has driven the US bananas. A British politician would be laughed at for promising to “make Britain great again”, but then again, they wouldn't have to, since it's in the name. A significant number of the conservative troglodytes currently holding the nation to ransom seem truly to believe that it is a cosmic accident that they are no longer directly in charge of half the planet and imagine that the loss of our empire is an embarrassing faux pas that will be sorted out when the waiter returns with the bill.
Britain has no idea what it is because it hasn't a clue what it was, because it chooses not to remember. As Shashi Tharoor notes in his recent book Inglorious Empire, it is normal for British schoolchildren to study history all the way through to university without learning a thing about our colonial legacy. This may explain how we got to the point where, with a straight face, politicians can seek election on the basis of how terribly unfair it all is that people from other countries are coming over here and asking to share our stuff.
We have to row back on Brexit, and that will not be comfortable. You would think that saving ourselves from social and financial ruin and international disgrace might be worth a little temporary embarrassment, and for other countries it might, but it happens that our entire culture is based on the principle that the people of this little island will submit to any hardship to avoid dealing with conflict or admitting that we made a mistake.
We don't just owe this to the generations shortly to inherit this trash-fire of a political system who voted overwhelmingly to stay in the EU. We also owe it to the rest of the world. The reason I feel so strongly about this is that I have realised, to my great surprise, in the course of the past year, that I actually do love my country.
There are all sorts of ways to love your country, and not all of them involve singing it songs of lost greatness even when it's about to do harm. That's a twisted, messed-up sort of love. Personally, I love my country in the same way that I love members of my family: for no particular reason other than that we happen to be part of each other. I am fond of its foibles and tolerant of its idiosyncrasies and disappointed by its minor cruelties and moments of self-deceit. But more than anything else, I consider it my right as well as my duty to let it know, as I would let anyone I really loved to know, when it's being a bloody idiot.
The Mentorship for All Have your own personal coach to guide you through every step. The personal advice and guidance tailored to you paves your way to success. Students College Grads Professionals
Say Bye to Self-Doubt,
Hello to Confidence Step up your career game plan, prep up interviews, job search & promotion. Your mentor will listen to your doubts, give solutions (all drawn from their experience) and take you where you want to be. Chat Chat Stay guided, always. Have 1-on-1 interaction with your mentors to discuss your progress, roadblocks you face in assignments, career/job etc. Your mentor acts as an accountability partner, thereby accelerating your learning. Find a Mentor Become a Mentor Weekly Goals & Activities Weekly Goals & Activities Learn what matters. Work on assignments that keeps you focused & consistent. Your mentor challenges you with weekly tasks that are designed to take your skills to the next level & help you accomplish long-term goals. "Thanks to Adrianus and this platform, I'm learning a lot everyday. It has helped me get a clear vision of my goals and made me confident that I'm going to be able to reach them." - Venkat Raman, a Cybersecurity mentee. Video Calls Stuck? Never again. Nothing like getting your doubts being cleared via 1-on-1 video calls with your mentor. Depending on the complexity and urgency of your needs, hop on a quick call. "I had a few awesome sessions with Lloyd already. I got new ideas on how to improve my work and contribute to my company's goals." - Egle Zuzeviciute, a Product Marketing mentee.
Read her story. Hands-on Coding Support Hands-on Coding Support Get answers faster. Your mentors can help you with fixing smaller bugs, hinting at potential code issues to help resolve your queries in your personal projects. Code help for commercial projects is not entertained. Find a Mentor Become a Mentor
Mentoring by Industry Veterans
to give You an Edge in your Career The best experts in the industry will groom you to be well-equipped to tackle on any real-world challenges like completing a college assignment or upping the ante to get a job promotion. These experts are hand-picked from the best-of-the-best to give you an enriching, career-rewarding experience of your life. "You're giving them access to experts who can help them on that journey, guide their missteps, bounce ideas off, and be a consistency when other things might be changing around them!" - Jess Telford, Founder of Cete Adekunle Oduye
NYC-based Designer
Meet the Mentor Find a Mentor Read her story We talked to Egle Zuzeviciute, a Product Marketer at Exacaster in Lithuania about her experience with her mentor Lloyd Jacob, the benefits she got from it and how she has grown professionally thanks to the access to an international expert.
ON a Monday evening last month in Liberia, at Grand Gedeh County's main hospital, two nurses knocked on a patient's door. The patient was being treated for malaria and typhoid, but had also recently tested positive for Ebola — though he didn't know it yet. I was doing training on Ebola at the hospital, and had seen him from a distance just that morning. He smiled and gave me a thumbs up.
Dressed in their full Ebola combat gear — bodysuit, apron, head cover, face mask, goggles, face shield, boots and rubber gloves — the nurses tried to avoid alarming him by saying that they needed to take him to Monrovia, 300 miles to the northwest, for further testing. Then they walked him to an ambulance and began driving to their actual destination, the newly constructed Ebola treatment unit in the neighboring county of Bong.
On a road anywhere in the West, it would take less than four hours to cover the 190-mile trip. But the Liberian roads, especially in the rainy season, are deadly traps of red mud, riddled with craters sometimes as deep as a car. Add to this drivers' testosterone and you soon have trucks and cars stuck in all directions.
This was the situation the nurses and their patient found themselves in after two hours of driving. It was midnight, pouring rain, and their only option was to wait until morning. Despite being drenched with sweat, the nurses could not risk removing their protective suits. The patient seemed to be getting a little sicker now, his eyes bloodshot and his temperature rising. During the night, they helped him out of the car several times to urinate, carefully spraying with chlorine everywhere he had stepped.
Housing price growth in Sydney remains stronger than any where else in the country due to the welcoming accompanying spurt in jobs along with improved economic conditions.
But the substantial cost of housing in Sydney makes it a less desirable location for people to live here.
The price boom of 2012-2016 will result in many young families considering alternatives to Sydney, especially when it comes time to upgrade to a bigger house.
Also read: Aussies in these states take the longest to save a first home deposit
Overseas migration typically attracts the headlines as the key factor in population growth and price growth, but what is often overlooked is the impact of interstate migration on the demographic composition of the states and territories.
Yes net overseas migration added 180,000 people to the Australian population, but some 350,000 people moved between states and territories in 2015.
Victoria recorded the highest overall population growth rate of all states and territories at 1.9 percent, adding an extra 114,900 people to the population with net overseas migration the main contributor to growth in Victoria, adding 62,800 people to the population over the year. The remainder of Victoria's population change was explained by natural increase (+37,600) and net interstate migration (+14,500).
NSW's was 1.4 per cent, adding 103,000 over the year ending March 2016, but NSW had 90,000 interstate arrivals over the year and around 100,000 who left.
The exodus is underway.
Also read: Could we really have double digit property growth again next year?
The change in interstate migration over recent years has increasingly seen a shift from Queensland as the destination to Victoria due to its substantially more affordable housing costs and job prospects.
The recent change has been driven by the working age population, in particular between 20-29 years old. It follows that this mobile demographic will eventually buy their first home in Melbourne rather than Sydney.
The latest CoreLogic data showed annual growth in Sydney home prices remains just shy of 11 percent and growth remains close to 10 percent in Melbourne.
But there are big difference in prices.
Sydney's $920,000 to Melbourne's $665,000 for houses.
Sydney's $690,000 to Melbourne's $495,000 for apartments.
Sydney units have regularly been more expensive than Melbourne houses and Sydney median unit prices have consistently been higher than Melbourne median house prices since early 2012.
Also read: Which Aussie city offers the cheapest rent?
It was telling that the latest CoreLogic release confirmed Sydney's price growth was strong across both houses and apartments.
Detached Sydney house prices were up 10.9 percent compared with units at 9.1 percent highlighting the lively supply/demand dynamic that exists across the Sydney region.
In Melbourne however there is a substantial difference in growth rates between houses and units, with house values up 9.6 percent compared with a 5.2 percent increase in unit values over the past year.
Brisbane's housing market has shown a even larger spread, with house values up 4.7 percent compared with units which have had a 1.4 percent fall in unit values over the year.
Cameron Kusher at CoreLogic believes outside of Sydney and Melbourne, cheaper housing alone was proving not enough to attract people to these cities as they lacked a strong economy with decent employment prospects.
Also read: Building vs buying a new home: top tips you need to know
So the young families aren't leaving the city in favour of seachange and treechange lifestyle locations.
Indeed Melbourne had the largest overall population growth of all Greater Capital Cities up by 91,600 people, or 2.1 percent to $4.5 million, followed by Sydney up 83,300 to 4.9 million in 2014-15.
Greater Sydney's population grew by 1.7 percent in 2014-15, which accounted for 80 percent of the total NSW growth, with Waterloo, in inner Sydney, having the largest increase, up by 3,100 people.
PHILADELPHIA — For parts of four seasons, Andrej Meszaros was on the wrong end of the Bruins-Flyers rivalry.
Meszaros repeatedly learned the hard way that the Bruins have had the best of the Flyers since the 2009-10 second-round collapse.
In their last 15 meetings, the Bruins are 11-3-1 against the Flyers, including Sunday's 4-3 shootout win. Earlier this season, Meszaros was a healthy scratch for the Flyers' 6-1 loss to the Bruins Jan. 25. The Flyers dominated the Bruins in the third period on Sunday, but couldn't come up with the winner in overtime or the shootout.
Advertisement
“I always hated to play against them,” Meszaros said with a smile of his current team. “Now I'm here, I know the guys and I know the players, how they play. It's been great to be a part of it. I'm really happy.”
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The Bruins acquired Meszaros from Philadelphia at the trade deadline for a conditional third-round pick in 2014. The Flyers also retained half of Meszaros's remaining salary.
Through nine games with the Bruins, Meszaros has delivered as expected. The left-shot Meszaros has played both sides. He has worked the point on both power-play units. Because of his versatility, Meszaros has expanded the coaching staff's toolbox.
“That's one of the reasons we got him,” said coach Claude Julien. “When we were discussing possible trades, we liked the fact that he can play both sides in a pinch. We didn't really have a ton of them. Especially our right-side guys really aren't comfortable on the left. We've got a few left guys that can play the right. It's good to have that option.”
Against his old team, Meszaros skated on the left side of the No. 2 pairing with Johnny Boychuk. Meszaros played 20:21 and scored one goal on three shots.
Advertisement
At 10:43 of the first, Meszaros beat Steve Mason. Brad Marchand controlled the puck down low. Meszaros joined the rush and got open in the high slot. After taking Marchand's pass, Meszaros gunned a snap shot stick side on Mason to tie the game at 1-1.
Meszaros wasn't a regular in the Philadelphia lineup. He hasn't been a go-to defenseman with his new team either. Meszaros has been a healthy scratch for five games, including two straight against Washington and Chicago.
The Bruins haven't determined whether Meszaros will be one of the six defensemen to start the playoffs. It's likely that Meszaros's primary competition is Matt Bartkowski on the second pairing.
Bartkowski is stronger, a better skater, and more effective at rushing the puck out of the zone. But Meszaros has a heavier and more accurate shot than Bartkowski. Meszaros also bests Bartkowski in experience. The Bruins will use the final seven games of the regular season to determine which defenseman would be better on the second duo.
“You have to keep playing good to stay in the lineup,” Meszaros said. “There's a little bit of pressure. But I think it's good. All the D's so far have been playing pretty good. It's tough on the coaches.”
Bartkowski back in
Advertisement
Bartkowski, a healthy scratch for Saturday's 4-2 win over Washington, returned to the lineup against the Flyers. Bartkowski played on the No. 3 pairing with Kevan Miller.
Bartkowski played 18:20, least of the six defensemen. He assisted on Patrice Bergeron's second-period goal and was credited with two hits.
Torey Krug was the healthy scratch. It was the third time in 10 games Krug was the odd man out. But given his power-play touch, it's unlikely Krug will be out of uniform to start the playoffs.
Gloves off
Jarome Iginla got in his first fight since Dec. 14. Iginla didn't like a heavy hit by Zac Rinaldo that sent him into the boards. Rinaldo got the better of Iginla with several punches that sent the right wing off balance. Iginla got back to his skates, but linesmen Greg Devorski and Pierre Racicot ended the fight . . . Zdeno Chara scored his 10th power-play goal. It might have been his prettiest. Chara set up in front of the net. After taking a pass from Iginla, Chara snapped a blind backhand shot over Mason's stick to tie the game at 5:44 of the second. Chara trails only Nashville's Shea Weber for power-play goals among defensemen . . . Chara, Boychuk, Bergeron, Loui Eriksson, and Chris Kelly were the five Bruins on the ice for six-on-five play at the end of regulation. They failed to clear the puck and allowed Vincent Lecavalier to score the tying goal. But expect those five players to get the nod for such situations in the playoffs . . . Adam McQuaid (quadriceps strain) is continuing his off-ice workouts. Julien said McQuaid is making progress. There is no timetable for when McQuaid will skate or if he could play before the start of the postseason . . . Jordan Caron and Corey Potter were the other healthy scratches.
Fluto Shinzawa can be reached at fluto.shinzawa@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @GlobeFluto
UPDATE 06/09/2017 11.54pm: Both Resident Evil Revelations 1 & 2 will launch on Switch 28th November, Capcom has announced.
They'll be available for $19.99 (or your local equivalent) each.
A retail release will launch the same day, though it will only contain the first Revelations on disc, while a code will be provided to download its sequel.
ORIGINAL STORY 01/08/2017 8.41am: The Resident Evil Revelations games are coming to Nintendo Switch, Capcom has announced.
Resident Evil Revelations comes out on 29th August on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, then a Switch release of both Resident Evil Revelations and Resident Evil Revelations 2 comes out late 2017.
Revelations, originally released for the Nintendo 3DS early 2012, features Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield as they investigate the reportedly abandoned Queen Zenobia cruise ship. The sequel, which was released episodically throughout 2015, stars Claire Redfield and Barry Burton.
The new version features a 1920x1080 resolution, an improved framerate (although Capcom hasn't said what it is, exactly), increased environmental detail and "refined" creature movement. All previously released DLC is included as unlockable rewards.
The Raid Mode (horde mode) includes The Ghost Ship: Chaos, which is described as a fresh take on the stage, with more powerful weapons and remixed enemy placements.
Here's an interesting one: Resident Evil Revelaitons features four controller schemes based on control types from across the entire series.
The best memory that one could recall of Kashmir is that of Bollywood movies made in 70s and 80s when the valley had been portrayed as a synonym of love and romance. Although geographically nothing has changed in the valley, the square feet area still remains the same. However, the romance capital of Hindi movies is seeing a gradual shift from Gulmarg to Manali.
The increasing number of militants in the region, genocide of Kashmiri Pundits, the growing demand of an Azaad Kashmir, radicalisation of youths have made this heaven, a hell. Although for a brief period during early 2000s we saw a stable and a peaceful Kashmir. But in today's Kashmir we again see growing number of recruits in militant organizations in Kashmir which started since 26/11 after India became tough in dealing with Pakistan and Hurriyat leaders.
Burhan Wani Episode taught us that the gun totting goons are still there, very much there
In last 15 days, situation in Kashmir took a dramatic turn which started when the commander of Kashmir militant group Hizbul Mujahideen Burhan Wani killed by Indian Security forces. The death was intimidating and has terrorized the entire valley, ruthless radical Kashmiris were back on streets and forcing security forces to impose curfew.
People were out to mourn the death of a terrorist who had 10 lakh bounty and was the mastermind behind the several attacks that caused death of numerous security forces in the valley. Burhan Wani fan base mostly include people born in 90s and have spent most the time of their life during period When Kashmir was peace and quiet and tranquillity was all around and have spent their teenage during social media ages. Burhan Wani used the same social media to inspire to act Pro-Pakistan sentiments and transform the youth Kashmiris to hatred faces who have now no qualms in declaring Indian Army and India as their biggest enemy. Burhan Wani was good at manipulating the government message and often raised the voice against the spirit of Indian democracy.
Burhan Wani Episode exposed the overly exposed media
As expected, the dead man soon became the darling face of whole gang Indian media baring a few exception Times Now and Zee News. Some even compared him with the legendary Bhagat Singh, intellectuals sitting in their air-conditioned offices started blaming Army for the eerier situation created in the Valley. Some went to valley with the help and support of Indian army and then created (rather faked) a documentary how army has terrorized the region. Electronic media are broadcasting an hour-long documentary on the plight of Kashmiri protestors and militants and baring a few noon, had time to cover the defence casualties and the police men who were brutally injured and murdered in Kashmir and to those families of security personal who suffered.
Pictures of the victims of Israel and Palestine conflict are being used in Twitter and Facebook to malign the name and stature of our security forces. One leading newspaper publication put Wani's funeral picture as their Facebook cover, may be their way to show their solidarity with Burhan Wani. Some giving arguments and thesis that
Lack of educational and job opportunities turned them into terrorists. Some even argued hoisting a Pakistani or an ISIS flag is just freedom of expression and India being a secular nation should tolerate such anti state activities. Human right activists have termed the killing of this 21 year old lad as “extra judicial”. But they should not forget that their youth icon also happened to be the commander of Hizbul, a world acknowledged terrorist organization and an enemy of the state. Interestingly this Indian intelligentsia never spoke a word on the sufferings of Kashmiri Pandits who are always been peaceful, non-violent, law abiding, patriotic, citizen of India and are made to live as refugees in their very own nation.
Burhan Wani Episode exposed the proxy war of Pakistan, yet again
India and Pakistan have fought there conventional war over Kashmir. A 3-0 humiliating score made Pakistan resort to proxy war. An unrest in Kashmir is a part of our neighbor strategy to internationalize Kashmir issue and seek UN support to resolve the issue.
Since 1947 India is being trying to bring Kashmiris in main stream Politics but for every time India sees a hope it soon turns into despair. Leaders in Kashmir always had choice between separatism and main stream Politics, but for majority them choice was obvious separatism which always been the best a concern for New Delhi. The new generation Kashmiris in Valley has vetoed the idea of democracy as they have been kept in the dark by their fathers and forefathers. If you are told to worship Ravana at your tinder age, by the time you are grown up you will start seeing him as your hero. Today the peace on this land seems a distant, what India best can do they could eliminate the radical leaders in Kashmir and nurture a new set of leaders who represent local community and have respect for democracy.
Burhan Wani Episode taught them that the ones in Delhi are not the ones who take assaults lying down
The response this time from Delhi was different. India's National Security Advisor is not a diplomat unlike his predecessors, but a former RAW chief. Remember he cut short his trip to Africa and came back to take over the help of affairs. He directed security forces to act more aggressive than ever before. The message was clear and loud, dialogues and diplomacy have their own thresholds and the fig leaf of religion cannot be used to cover the hideous face of violence. For the first since Independence, India and Kashmir both government which is governed with common ideologue of “India First” and naturally if someone tries to act against the nation then there will a retaliation.
Deployment of additional 4800 CRPF in the valley shows the aggressiveness of the government, India has clearly conveyed its message to the world that if someone tries to destabilize its territories then India will not count bullets while retaliating. India is blessed with a lethal and a well-trained armed force and no amount of power in the world can snatch even a 1 inch square of land from India. Thanks to our tolerance the armed forces in valley have been asked to use maximum restrains in dealing with protesters.
A peaceful and prosperous Kashmir is must for India's harmonious growth trajectory as a nation can't flourish when a part of it is paralyzed. Hoping that with a nationalist government at Centre, Vajpayee's dream of restoring peace in Kashmir will soon be realized.
About the Authors: Aditya Ashok and Adarsh Ashok are twin brothers. Highly opinionated. Political Enthusiasts. Unapologetic. Centre-Right. Aditya is a Software Engineer and Adarsh is a Mechanical Engineer.
Looking forward to the midterm elections, the Republican party is seeking to repeat the dramatic performance of 2010 that ushered in a freshman class of Tea Party activists and reinforced for the GOP establishment the notion that their best hope for growing the party was to stop everything else in its tracks. They had no animating principle besides blanket opposition.
In retrospect, the failure of that attitude seems written into its foundations. At a retreat for freshmen congressmen sponsored by Freedom Works (whose money and organization has kept the increasingly unpopular Tea Party afloat), one aspiring legislator freely admitted that the gathering lacked the key component of, you know, legislation:
We didn't get so much into the issues … I think what we're all taking away from this is how we can continue the momentum of the movement.
Today, the party is publicly scrabbling for another program of action, even as their congressional members surrender to inertia over and over again. Clearly, something must feel good about voting to repeal Affordable Care Act if they're going to do it 42 times in a row – but it suggests the kind of solitary pursuit our mothers once warned would make us go blind.
Whatever the cause, congressional Republicans do not seem clear-eyed about the way forward. Indeed, their plan seems to still be coming together in negative terms – in terms of what not to do: don't alienate women, don't alienate Latinos and immigrants, don't bash gays, don't cater to the wealthy. The party is having difficulty sticking to this nascent plan, to say the least.
But this summer, as the denizens of Capitol Hill retreat back to their districts, there is one clear change, one solid piece of evidence that the GOP is going to do things differently: they're avoiding town halls, the cauldron of Tea Party activism that helped convince congressmen that "no" could be a complete answer. (A mantra that works well in therapeutic environments but hinders leadership in the real world.)
The New York Times reports that the events are not on congressional schedules, and that members have taken to making what few do take place hard-to-find and even harder to use as a springboard for theatrics: small venues scheduled on short notice. Looking back at how activists actually used those events, again the dismal future is inscribed on the past. A 2010 Freedom Works memo (pdf) that advised activists to use tactics to artificially inflate their presence seems especially poignant: they were, literally, fooling only themselves. Today, just a tiny fraction of the nation's voters, 8%, identify as members, with about 24% expressing "support".
The Obamacare-phobia, which the town halls thrived on, has proven unsustainable in light of the lack of near-term catastrophe. And with the administration's very canny, perhaps necessary tactic of slowing down implementation, the town hall organizers cannot count on it as a rallying point today. Other hot-button issues have already proven to be either more fodder for Democratic ads and energy than for Republican ones (restricting immigration and reproductive rights), or simply uninteresting to the average voter (Benghazi).
Even the allegations that the White House directed the IRS to target conservative groups (a charge that testimony has cast into doubt) has failed to rally more voters to the Tea Party – despite polls showing that voters do believe the conservative narrative. Indeed, some polls show Obama's support growing despite the scandal.
Analysts argue that Obama's popularity in the face of these scandals, "phony" or not, is due to an economy that has steadied, if not dramatically improved. Less important, but key to the White House's ability to navigate congressional gridlock, is the president's persistent ability to telegraph leadership and personal likability: respondents to a July Gallup poll gave him an astounding 76% in personal likability, his highest-rated personal characteristic, with "good judgment in a crisis" (58%), "understands problems Americans face" (56%), "honest and trustworthy" (55%), and "is a strong and decisive leader" (53%) rounding out the top five.
I should note that even I don't believe these descriptions are necessarily related to Obama's actual policies, beliefs and actions. I'm not even sure what all of those policies, beliefs and actions are! And if the administration continues to avoid full compliance with the Freedom of Information Act, we may never know. I do know this: Obama is an extraordinarily disciplined, lucky and charismatic man. What's more, this poll was taken before the revelations of domestic spy programs – though, frustratingly, this information doesn't seem to outrage as many people as civil libertarians (and/or Republicans) might hope.
Given the limits of anger and refusal as political strategies for the GOP, it's no wonder that town halls produced base voter turnout – but not the kind of conservative leadership that could challenge Obama's nonstick personality. (Is it Teflon, like Reagan's? Or some new technology unknown outside of infomercials and labs?)
Town halls were never going to be a good venue to find that leader, depending as they did on confrontation and bombast. Americans like fireworks as a sideshow, and a revolutionary can rile people who are already angry. Indeed, within the subset of Republican voters who consider themselves Tea Party members, the recent NSA leaks have propelled an unprecedented upswing in concern for civil rights. (To echo an internet truism: "It's not OK if Obama does it." See here.) In 2010, self-identified Tea Party members placed national security above civil liberties concerns by a margin of 63 to 20%. Last month, that finding flipped, reported The Fix:
By 55 to 31%, more Republicans and GOP-leaning independents who agree with the Tea Party movement say civil liberties are the bigger concern.
I think this poll actually illustrates the fragility of the Tea Party movement; it is too mercurial to be the basis of policy. In fact, given the choice between "more of a Tea Party member" or "more of a Republican", three quarters of Freedom Works members said "Tea Party". And of course, that's true: how can a Republican congressmen elected in 2010 with the (perceived) mandate to protect the nation at all costs safely flip-flop his position as cleanly as a small but vocal minority of his constituents?
No wonder that this summer, Freedom Works is hoping to use town halls to punish wayward Republicans and not Democrats. They're hoping to pressure GOP politicians into shutting down the government if funding for Obamacare is not pulled from the federal budget. Because targeting Obamacare and government shutdowns have both worked so well for them in the past.
Americans in general don't want an angry leader. Women, acknowledged as a shrinking source of GOP support, shy away from the anger-for-anger's sake style favored by Tea Party activists in droves: among independent-identified women, the Washington Post found that 50% said "the more I hear about the Tea Party, the less I like it."
But fury and agitation is all that the GOP has offered thus far: Cruz, Christie, Santorum, Trump (God help us) continue to drive their own media coverage with outbursts and non-solutions. Marco Rubio is the only GOP varsity player to embody a more deliberate style … and even he seems to be tacking rightward, expressing decreasing support for the immigration bill he helped craft and backing the plan to hold the government hostage over Obamacare.
Conservatives are appropriately exasperated when progressives presume to tell them how to gain support or whom to elect: "Why would you want us to win?" And, it's true, my dream of a Palin-Trump 2016 ticket is not actually in the spirit of making America a more cohesive and less ideologically-divided country. But I am not encouraging Republicans to do anything, and I'm not sure who they could elect.
What I'd like is a conversation. At least, we all now know that town halls are not the place to have them.
Please Scan My Towel
520 Views
My friend Scott pointed out the towels in most hotels now have RFID tags to help with inventory control:
I also knew that my RSA Conference badge would have an RFID tag in it so it could be scanned on the expo floor:
Since I never leave home without my Proxmark3 in my assault pack it was time to get to work:
What I found out next is something I wasn't expecting that made this whole thing a lot more interesting.
Using the Proxmark I was able to tell the hotel towel and my RSA tag uses the same MIFARE Ultralight C tags:
So from there I was able to clone my RSA pass to my hotel towel since the towel had a re-writeable tag.
I will be demoing the walkthrough of this at First in Amsterdam in April.
So now I am at the point where you can scan my towel and get the same UID. Which will allow me to have people scan my towel and get the same information they would have gotten off my badge.
Which allows me to quote one of my favorite lines from the Hitchhikers Guide.
*No hotel towels have been permanently harmed and will be returned to my room with the correct UID rewritten to them.
Fox Sports commentators Skip Bayless and Shannon Sharpe criticized the Steelers' Alejandro Villanueva, a former Army ranger, for being the only team member to stand for the national anthem Sunday.
While the Steelers team chose to stay in the tunnel for the anthem before their Sunday game, Villanueva exited the tunnel and stood for the anthem with his hand over his heart.
Men's Pittsburgh Steelers Alejandro Villanueva Jersey — $99.99
But not everyone was thrilled with Villanueva, who served combat tours in Afghanistan before playing for the NFL.
“I think he was wrong in this situation, Skip,” said Sharpe, who is also a former NFL player. “I believe he put his personal feelings in front of that of the team, and this is a team.”
“If the team took a vote and said, ‘this is what we're going to do,' although I understand that he served in the military … this is a team,” Sharpe continued. “We criticize so many athletes when they put their goals, their ideas in front of the team — well that's what he did. He said, ‘forget what you guys said, this is what I'm going to do.'”
WATCH:
Bayless agreed that Villanueva was wrong to come out of the tunnel for the anthem, stating, “I'm with you, it didn't work for him to come out of the tunnel if in fact you all agree and voted … to do this as a team, to stand up in the tunnel until the anthem is done.”
WATCH:
Follow Amber on Twitter
Editors' Roundtable: Have we hit a breaking point with American festivals?
There is much to be said — and even more to be questioned — about American festivals moving into 2013. Have you been waiting to attend Sensation since their after movies went viral? Are you on the fritz about which weekend to attend Ultra? Would you like to avoid the underage crowd? How will you spend your hard earned cash with so many options? Does it take mind-blowing production to get into your pockets? Or are you looking for a talent lineup that ranges from Tiesto to Kanye West?
With extreme feelings ranging across all possibilities, Dancing Astronaut tackles the many facets of the American festival climate at our Editors' Roundtable. Five editors take on five critical questions surrounding the issue, nailing down all of the open-ended concerns that have rattled the EDM world.
Are there too many festivals in the US right now?
Dylan: Yes. While each major city should own a premiere music festival, some promoters are forcing their way into the festival scene without the proper credibility or magnitude. Ultra, EDC, Coachella, and Electric Zoo are yearly staples, but the other large, individual shows that have been labeled as ‘festivals' for the sake of ticket sales are doing a disservice to the industry.
Jesse: I think that the festival experience is slightly tainted. With two major festivals in the NY area this year alone and Identity Festival at Jones Beach, it was interesting to compare them all. The fans make or break the experience and most production companies forget about them.
Amanda: It's not there are “too many” festivals, but rather that there are too many uninspired festivals. Lights, lasers, and other similar visual effects are fun but they don't allow for too much variance. Insomniac events seem to be the most creative with the various running themes on their events. A DJ's set should tell a story and festivals should make attendees feel like they're a part of the story.
Cara: I'm going to say no on this one, because it should be the question of “how many is too many for me?” Even if there are too many festivals in the market right now, they will eventually either disappear or diversify in some way.
Festivals have turned into a production arms race between event companies, but is that the most important factor when selecting shows?
Dylan: The most important factor are the lineups that occupy the supporting tents. While the mainstage normally features popular artists, the tents provide a niche for all fans. For example, Carl Cox hosting his own tent with techno artists, Steve Angello controlling a stage with his Size Matters movement for progressive house, Armin and his ASOT offering for trance fans, and even Afrojack's Jacked tent for electro heads.
Nikoleta: While a ferris wheel is standard for any and all festivals these days, attending a show is still about the music and the artists. The best part is hearing your favorite producer live and picking up new music in the process. One of my personal favorite experiences has been seeing Deadmau5 “unhooked” — no frills (ok, maybe just a few!), but mainly just the music.
Amanda: If it came down to choosing between better production or a better lineup, the lineup will always win. Stripped down shows have an allure to them because they bring the focus back to where it belongs — the music.
Cara: Can I say the food stalls? Kidding. It's always about the lineup and secondarily location for me. You know what's really cool? The lineup for this year's BPM Festival. You know what makes it cooler? That it's on the beach in Mexico.
Is festival access for all ages ruining the experience?
Dylan: For festivals? Not so much. The empowering feeling about attending a festival is uniting with thousands upon thousands of dance music fans of all sorts. For individual concerts and club appearances, age requirements always determine the overall experience.
Jesse: Definitely. It might be cute to see a 3 year old on someones shoulders but it is not the right place for it. And until younger teens understand that they don't need to be completely wasted, they shouldn't be allowed in either. It is truly about responsibility and if people can't be responsible then they shouldn't be allowed to attend.
Amanda: People who don't know their limits are ruining the experience. Being young increases the chance of irresponsible behavior but adolescents aren't the only ones who don't know when to stop. Access to, and responsibility at shows for young people should fall on parents and the attendee.
Cara: I agree with Dylan that club nights should probably stick to 21 and up — most teenagers are there just to find a place to party outside of their parents' basements and likely have limited interest in the music anyway. For festivals, it would only ruin my experience in extreme cases (i.e., literally forcing the cancellation of an event). It feels like much less of an issue to me in that context.
Coachella and Ultra have already divided their annual festivals into multiple weekends. Does this take away from the overall experience?
Dylan: Absolutely. One of the great emotions provoked while attending these major festivals is the feeling of being a part of something that only occurs once a year. If you're at the first weekend of a festival, it feels less personal and monumental that the festival will repeat itself the following weekend.
Jesse: Having a festival stretched over two weekends is greedy and hurts the scene. Festivals should grow and expand, not segment themselves into 2 weekends. Double the footprint of the festival and charge the same price, its a money grab otherwise.
Amanda: Two weekend festivals come with the added stress of trying to decide which weekend will be the best. I imagine that no matter which weekend you choose there will be some level of fear of missing out and even regret about the decision.
Cara: The upside to two weekends? More people can go without sacrificing the per-weekend capacity and if you're awesome enough, you can go both weekends and see more of everything you'd wished you caught the first time around.
Does the price point make or break the decision to attend a festival?
Dylan: No. Festival experiences are priceless, and the original prices offered are usually fair considering the costs of talent booking and production that most people ignore when they are forced to cough up big bucks. Naturally, attendees love to complain. Just make the most of your money and avoid scalpers.
Jesse: Depends. Some festivals are truly priceless while others just remain boring cash-ins. iIt won't be long before festivals with production like Tomorrowland make there way to the US, hopefully ticket prices won't skyrocket as well.
Amanda: If you were to see all of the artists you saw during a festival on separate days, the final cost would likely be much higher than that of a festival ticket. Part of the appeal of festivals is that you can see several artists for a wholesale price.
Cara: This totally depends on the individual. I've been known to spend all of my disposable income on festivals throughout the year, but have a lot of friends for whom a $50 increase ticket price makes all the difference. I'll go to EDC whether or not Insomniac ups the stakes, but it's just the reality that this is not going to be the case for everyone attending and promoters must be sensitive to that.
Has the festival market peaked or plateaued? Or does it remain on the rise?
Dylan: According to the facts, demand seems to be on the rise. However, the over saturation on all ends of American festivals is due to create a plateau over the next year or two.
Jesse: I think it has plateaued, however it will rise again. Currently there are so many festivals on the US market, but once the promoters realize the people want something more, it will rise again.
Nikoleta: It has yet to peak. We're seeing a rise in interest and demand from people who previously didn't know who Kaskade was. While those attendees might not be the same ones seeking out a Sensation type experience, the volume of festivals is likely to increase to meet the growing demand.
Amanda: The festival market seems to be at an in-between stage. There are new festivals being announced all the time but the great majority of them lack any real innovation. It seems organizers think all you need to put on a good festival is some lights and decent talent, but to build a brand for yourself there has to be something more. Dance music was able to capture so many new fans because it was offering something new and exciting. If it doesn't continue to deliver on that people will likely begin to lose interest. Sensation coming to NY is evidence that change is possible but only if organizers challenge themselves and fans don't settle.
Cara: Definitely still on the rise (I hear about new festivals all the time!), but along with the trend of corporate entities gobbling up smaller players in the industry will come fewer, larger festivals. That is, unless corporations stop taking such a vested interest in the market.
We want your take: Head to the comments section to make your opinions heard too!
By: Dylan Farella, Jesse Grushack, Amanda Claudio, Cara Daley, Nikoleta Panteva
Categories: Music
Mary is left to stand trial before a military tribunal of nine Union generals, headed by one of Lincoln's pallbearers. Maryland senator General Reverdy Johnson (Tom Wilkinson) sums up the bleak situation: "No presumption of innocence, no burden of proof, no jury of peers, and no appeals." Compounding matters, her defense is provided by Frederick Aiken (James McAvoy), a Yankee war hero with little legal experience and a firm belief in her guilt. As Surratt says from her cell, "They've left nothing to chance."
Redford's film focuses on Aiken's slow realization that his client might be innocent, and his more horrifying realization that, unless the tribunal is placated with the swift arrest of her son, Mary's innocence may be irrelevant. As she senses the futility of her case, she becomes simultaneously more defiant—"I am a Southerner, and a Catholic, and a devoted mother, but I am no assassin," she avows—and more withdrawn, starving herself and gazing off in the distance, like the wife of a shipman gazing out at the sea. Aiken, meanwhile, becomes more impassioned in his defense, procuring an affidavit, deftly cross-examining witnesses, and slowly turning the seemingly intractable minds of the tribunal.
The prosecution—led by the wily Joseph Holt (Danny Huston), himself the marionette of War Secretary Edwin Stanton (Kevin Kline)—makes clear their desire for swift justice to preserve the Union. "I, too, hold sacred our rights," hisses Stanton to Aiken, "but they don't count at all if our nation ceases to exist." Aiken's counterargument can be distilled into his retort: "You're sacrificing our rights out of revenge. Too many of us have laid down our lives to preserve them." The echoes of Guantánamo are hard to miss, from this ideological clash, to the burlap sacks thrown over the defendants' heads, to Stanton's Rumsfeldian intimation that he'll settle for the conviction of either Surratt. Though James Solomon wrote the script 17 years ago, it's all very topical, made more so by Obama's recent announcement that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others charged with conspiring in the 9/11 attacks will be tried before a military tribunal.
So heavily allegorical does this movie become, so entrenched is it in the ideas it stands behind, that at times it ceases to be a picture about real people. For 120 minutes I waited for any meager throwaway gesture from Aiken to show me what kind of man he is—think of the disbarred, down-at-the-heels Paul Newman downing a raw egg at the beginning of The Verdict—anything to show me his character is more than a pawn in the protracted history of American jurisprudence.
The absence of those personal details makes it hard to believe the characters really exist outside the trial. Whenever the film ventures from the confines of the courthouse or Surratt's prison cell—to the posh Century Club (from which Aiken has been blackballed for his defense of Surratt), to the parlors of friends, to the private lives of our protagonists—the acting stiffens into starchy reenactment. It would be better to limit the story to two sets, court and prison, and adapt it for the stage. A more troubling result of the film's myopia is the curious absence of any mention of slavery, as Ta-Nehisi Coates and A.O. Scott have mentioned, as well as the absence of any war-wrought destruction, on the glistening city or the minds of the characters.
Building MetaMask into Brave
Dan Finlay Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 31, 2017
This article is outdated! Brave now ships with the option to install MetaMask!
Furthermore, the process for building a custom MetaMask has also now changed and is detailed here instead!
The remaining article is for historical interest mostly!
The Brave Browser doesn't have an official extension store yet, but they have provided a guide to building your own copy of Brave with custom extensions, so in this article we're going to focus on one thing: How to build MetaMask into Brave. It's going to be technical, and probably not interesting to everyone!
Braveness required. Requires a UNIX-style shell, like Mac or Linux. Illustration by Allentine.
You'll need node.js 7 or later installed to start (Their guide says 6+, but I had my luck at 7+). Then, we're going to clone Brave and install its dependencies (this can take a while):
git clone https://github.com/brave/browser-laptop.git
cd browser-laptop
npm install
Then we're going to enter Brave's extensions folder, and use chrome-ext-downloader to install MetaMask from the Chrome store using its extension id. You can verify the extension ID to be safe on the Chrome store.
cd app/extensions
npm install -g chrome-ext-downloader
ced nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn
Next you're going to open the file app/extensions.js in the browser-laptop folder, and find these lines:
// Manually install the braveExtension and torrentExtension
extensionInfo.setState(config.braveExtensionId, extensionStates.REGISTERED)
loadExtension(config.braveExtensionId, getExtensionsPath('brave'), generateBraveManifest(), 'component')
Below them, paste these lines:
// Install MetaMask:
extensionInfo.setState('nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn', extensionStates.REGISTERED)
loadExtension('nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn', getExtensionsPath('nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn'))
Now open two terminals. One is going to watch & reload for changes: npm run watch . The other is going to start & launch your development browser: npm start .
Congrats, you should have Brave open now, and MetaMask already kinda works!
The Caveats
We have not done any custom Brave work yet, and Extensions are very new to Brave, so there are some downsides, and rough edges. For one thing, we still need Brave to add an Extension inspector to even begin to debug these issues (issue on Github):
When initiating a transaction, the transaction approval does not pop up automatically. (Github Issue)
When a transaction is initiated, the number we label the badge with does not update. (Github Issue)
The Good News
Other than those issues, MetaMask seems to be working out of the box!
If you're using Dapps where you know when they're suggesting transactions, and don't mind opening MetaMask manually, it seems to be mostly functional!
If you'd like to build yourself a local copy, follow the instructions here. Note this won't benefit from auto-updates, so you'd be committing to re-pulling and re-building when you want updates.
We'll be continuing to look at integration with Brave, because we think it's a great browser, so keep your eyes peeled!
Re: Steve Sailer's Hawley: "Do [Immigration] Restrictionist Policies Cost Congressional Republicans Votes?" No, They Don't.
From Reginald De Chantillon [Email him]
Recently I found the GOP was seeking advice on how best to change the party and was actively seeking general public advice. [The Republican Party seeks to learn from its mistakes—and it wants your help, By Chris Moody, Yahoo! News The Ticket – Wed, Jan 23, 2013]. This may sound implausible, but it is true the GOP is currently coming up with policy changes. It is also highly likely the fix is already in and the idea of hearing from the populace is merely opposition research collecting to come up with some perception management explanation for Treason by the GOP leadership whores.
Nonetheless, it behooves VDARE.com to post the email address: GOProject@gop.com where VDARE.com readers may send their thoughts.
If a number of people back up their assertions with political science research citations of political scientist George Hawley provided by Steve Sailer, isn't it likely some mid-level GOPer who still has a soul might read it and plant more seeds?
Reginald De Chantillon [see previous letters]is a former GOP campaign strategist who worked on Pete Wilson's campaigns for Governor, Proposition 187, and other local elections in California. He refused to sell his soul and left professional party building.
Magic for Beginners
July 1, 2014: New edition!
Random House has just re-released Magic for Beginners with a newly designed cover and an added conversation between Joe Hill and Kelly Link.
Perfect for readers of George Saunders, Karen Russell, Neil Gaiman, and Aimee Bender, Magic for Beginners is an exquisite, dreamlike dispatch from a virtuoso storyteller who can do seemingly anything. Kelly Link reconstructs modern life through an intoxicating prism, conjuring up unforgettable worlds with humor and humanity. These stories are at once ingenious and deeply moving. They leave the reader astonished and exhilarated.
Kelly Link's engaging and funny second collection — call it kitchen-sink magical realism — riffs on haunted convenience stores, husbands and wives, rabbits, zombies, weekly apocalyptic poker parties, witches, superheroes, marriage, and cannons — and includes several new stories. Link is an original voice: no one else writes quite like this.
Best of the Decade: Salon, The Onion, The Village Voice, HTML Giant.
Locus Award winner. Young Lions Award, Bram Stoker, and World Fantasy Finalist. Story Prize recommended reading list.
“Link's stories … play in a place few writers go, a netherworld between literature and fantasy, Alice Munro and J.K. Rowling, and Link finds truths there that most authors wouldn't dare touch.”
— Time Magazine
“The dream-logic of Magic for Beginners is intoxicating. These stories will come alive, put on zoot suits, and wrestle you to the ground. They want you and you will be theirs.”
— Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones
Each story is illustrated by cover artist Shelley Jackson. The cover is modeled on Leonardo Da Vinci's “Lady with an Ermine.”
Stories from Magic for Beginners have been published in McSweeney's Mammoth Treasury of Thrilling Tales, Conjunctions, The Dark, and One Story. “Stone Animals” was selected for The Best American Short Stories: 2005.
Hardcover edition.
Table of Contents
The Faery Handbag The Hortlak The Cannon Stone Animals Catskin Some Zombie Contingency Plans The Great Divorce Magic for Beginners Lull.
For publicity inquiries
Please contact Maria Braeckel at Random House:
[email protected]
Magic for Beginners around the world:
In Spain:
Magia para lectores Kelly Link Una joven autora inédita en España cuyos originales relatos mezclan realidad y fantasía y entusiasmarán tanto al lector más joven ávido de libros diferentes como al más literario y exigente.
In Japan.
Next week brings a major milestone for Apple Music — three months after launch, free trials will start running out and users will have to decide whether it is worth $9.99 a month to stick with the service. The product has gone from a splashy launch at the end of June to not even warranting a mention at the last Apple event, and one high profile exec has already departed, admittedly for what sounds like an unturndownable dream job at a luxury brand in Paris.
I've been using Apple Music since it launched, almost daily, and I still generally like it. There are certainly bugs that need to be worked out — for instance, playlists I subscribe to don't update unless I unsubscribe and resubscribe, which is annoying — but the overall experience is solid. Their curated playlists are generally on the nose, although the app doesn't match Spotify in terms of new music discovery. The “New” section is still unwieldy and overwhelming. The radio offerings, particularly the hyped Beats1, are high quality, although some of the excitement has worn off. I personally don't love the DJ chatter, but that's just me. In terms of the programming, it remains top notch.
Where Apple Music has fallen short, though, is with Connect. Not many artists on there, and those that are don't post much content. There's no real reason to engage with Connect at all, which is a shame and huge missed opportunity. For all that it does well, Apple has still failed to help artists take the next steps in connecting with fans.
It doesn't have to be this way. None of the existing social networks are perfect for artists — Facebook is too sprawling; Twitter too limited in terms of content and the stream too ephemeral. Instagram is clean and simple but doesn't provide anything unique for musicians. Flipagram is still a relative upstart. Vine only works with a small handful of artists. Connect could be a real opportunity to create something great, but it seems stuck in neutral.
Future & Drake's “What a Time To Be Alive” is an Apple Music exclusive that was released this week, proposed to have sold roughly 500k copies
First off, Connect needs to figure out what its value proposition is. Right now it simply…exists. It's as if someone on the team said “we need a social network because…we need one” and built it from there. Is Connect's purpose to provide exclusives (which generally make it to other outlets in under ten minutes and negate the whole point of the thing)? Is it to break news? To sell tickets or merch? To create a community for artists and fans to interact with each other?
The last value proposition is, I believe, the strongest. Now, there are theoretically tons of platforms for artist and fan community engagement in the market already — but none of them are that good. There's too much noise and they all turn out to basically be a one-way street, with many fans shouting at an artist and the artist occasionally replying. They are also divorced from the act of listening to music — if an artist tells you about great new music on another social platform, it's harder to get to it and then follow leads than it could be in Connect.
What Connect could do is narrow the circle. For instance, it could use the data it already has on how much someone listens to an artist, and cross-reference it with other social data, and figure out who an artist's most valuable fans in Apple Music are. From there, it could grant access to those fans, showing them content or letting them chat with the artist at given points. If Connect is also upfront with users about how they could access those special perks, engagement would grow because other users will want to participate. This is a direct path from discovery to engagement, and it'll both differentiate the service and make it stickier. For artists, it provides an incentive for people to listen to their music more — which means more money.
The other place Connect could iterate is connecting fans with one another. No other social network has been able to crack that code — it's why, even with all the apps we visit daily, people say one of the biggest reasons they don't go to events is because they have no one to go with. If Connect could be a platform for fans to share, make plans, and meet each other, it could prove very valuable and, again, sticky. Just putting up a video once a week or hosting an event every so often won't keep anyone coming back — but offering a place where people can form meaningful bonds will.
In a way, Connect could become almost like a political campaigning organization for artists. It sounds odd, but many musicians could learn quite a bit from grassroots political campaigning — namely, superserve your biggest supporters and let other supporters be your voice, because you can't be everywhere. Political campaigns have some of the strongest community bonds and most loyal folks, because people are rewarded for connecting with others and bringing them into the fold. If Connect can marry data with outreach opportunity, it could be something new and game-changing for artists.
Even if Connect doesn't go down this road, it needs to figure out something, and fast. The last thing anyone wants is another Ping, which somehow managed to hang on for two years before folding. Connect has all the money and resources behind it that one could possibly ask for, as well as the Apple name and a streaming service that's pretty darn good. If the folks behind Connect can't take this and build something pretty cool with it, they'll have squandered a huge chance to create something great.
6. “Winnie the Pooh”
And that's the story of why anyone would name a main character in a story Winnie the fucking Pooh.
Winnipeg is often used as a butt for jokes by Americans, being depicted as the destination of last resort for anyone in their right mind. To add insult to injury, The Weakerthans came out with a song where the chorus goes “I Hate Winnipeg,” which got kind of big.
You really have to be from the city to know what this is all about. I grew up on Gateway Road, just across the tracks from the city's infamous North End. What you have to realize is that we're just messing with all of you. Yes, the temperature is -30 for weeks at a time, we're a seven-hour drive from fucking Minneapolis, and you spend the summers fist-fighting mosquitoes or the perennial overflowing of the Red River's banks. But there's a great arts scene, plenty of ethnic diversity (some of the largest Filipino, Eritrean and Icelandic communities in the world outside of their home countries) and, for my money, the best place in the world for an afternoon drunk: a hotel bar a few blocks north of Portage and Main. So when we say we “hate” Winnipeg, what we mean is that we secretly love it.
Throughout North America cities are switching their streetlights from the previous standard of high pressure sodium lamps, to new LED lights.
The reason is cost. The LED's use about half as much electricity and are claimed to last twice as long, both of which reduce costs to the city.
But not everyone is pleased.
Many residents in many cities say the lights are just too bright.
A street in Oakland, Calif., after (left) and before the city installed new GE Lighting LED lights. (GE Lighting. Some applaud the idea it gives them greater security, others that it steals their night and sisturbs sleep © GE Lighting
While the sodium lights gave off a kind of orange or yellowish light, the LED's function at a much different light frequency, and can appear as a very harsh white.
Light “temperature” is measured in Kelvin and the sodium lights had a colour temperature at roughly between 2,000K to 2,500K
The new LED's operate in a higher blue spectrum of light and emit their light in the range of 3,000K and higher, something that is viewed by people as a very bright and very harsh light.
Many residents also say the lights are simply too bright, turning the streets into something akin to a brightly lit parking lot.
A 2015 photo by space station astronaut Scott Kelly shows the difference in light intensity in Calgary where the city had begun the switch to the bright LEDs showing some areas with LED and most still lit with the standard sodium lights. © @StationCDRKelly
Others say it's disturbing their sleep and still others note that LED's are contribution to the concerns of light pollution and the negative effect that can have on nature.
The American Medical Association say the blue light spectrum affects the production of melatonin, and has a five times greater affect on circadian rhythms than conventional street lamps. The AMA notes that they can cause retinal damage.
Many complaints
A quick search of the internet comes up with many stories of displeasure, problems, and concerns over the lights from places all over the world, although cities seem intent on the switchover.
Several cities have been installing LEDs with a 3,000K to 4,000K rating and say in spite of complaints the benefits outweigh the problems adding that it would now be too expensive for them to make any other changes to the LED's in place.
Solutions are simply to purchase LEDs with a rating of less than 3.000K or follow the lead of some cities like that of Kitchener Ontario
That southwestern Ontario city installed wireless technology along with the lights when it switched its street lamps over to the LED's so that it can simply dim the lights by 20 to 30 per cent.
Additional information- sources
Crossref Citations
This article has been cited by the following publications. This list is generated based on data provided by CrossRef.
Grey, Ian and Thomas, Justin 2019. National Identity, Implicit In-Group Evaluation, and Psychological Well-Being Among Emirati Women. Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology, Vol. 50, Issue. 2, p. 220.
Termorshuizen, Fabian Heerdink, Eibert R. and Selten, Jean-Paul 2018. The impact of ethnic density on dispensing of antipsychotic and antidepressant medication among immigrants in the Netherlands. Social Science & Medicine, Vol. 211, Issue. , p. 87.
DeVylder, Jordan E. Kelleher, Ian Lalane, Monique Oh, Hans Link, Bruce G. and Koyanagi, Ai 2018. Association of Urbanicity With Psychosis in Low- and Middle-Income Countries. JAMA Psychiatry, Vol. 75, Issue. 7, p. 678.
Tortelli, Andrea Nakamura, Aurélie Suprani, Federico Schürhoff, Franck Van der Waerden, Judith Szöke, Andrei Tarricone, Ilaria and Pignon, Baptiste 2018. Subclinical psychosis in adult migrants and ethnic minorities: systematic review and meta-analysis. BJPsych Open, Vol. 4, Issue. 6, p. 510.
Bhavsar, V. Fusar-Poli, P. and McGuire, P. 2018. Neighbourhood deprivation is positively associated with detection of the ultra-high risk (UHR) state for psychosis in South East London. Schizophrenia Research, Vol. 192, Issue. , p. 371.
Krautheim, Johannes T Straube, Benjamin Dannlowski, Udo Pyka, Martin Schneider-Hassloff, Henriette Drexler, Rebecca Krug, Axel Sommer, Jens Rietschel, Marcella Witt, Stephanie H and Kircher, Tilo 2018. Outgroup emotion processing in the vACC is modulated by childhood trauma and CACNA1C risk variant. Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience, Vol. 13, Issue. 3, p. 341.
Heslin, Margaret Khondoker, Mizanur Shetty, Hitesh Pritchard, Megan Jones, Peter B. Osborn, David Kirkbride, James B. Roberts, Angus and Stewart, Robert 2018. Inpatient use and area-level socio-environmental factors in people with psychosis. Social Psychiatry and Psychiatric Epidemiology, Vol. 53, Issue. 10, p. 1133.
Zafran, Hiba Tallant, Beverlea Gelinas, Isabelle and Jordan, Steven 2018. The Phenomenology of Early Psychosis Elicited in an Occupational Therapy Expressive Evaluation. Occupational Therapy in Mental Health, Vol. 34, Issue. 1, p. 3.
Bécares, Laia Dewey, Michael E. and Das-Munshi, Jayati 2018. Ethnic density effects for adult mental health: systematic review and meta-analysis of international studies. Psychological Medicine, Vol. 48, Issue. 12, p. 2054.
Thoma, Samuel and Fuchs, Thomas 2018. Schizophrenia and Common Sense. Vol. 12, Issue. , p. 19.
Tortelli, Andrea Sauzé, David and Skurnik, Norbert 2017. Capital social, santé mentale et immigration. Annales Médico-psychologiques, revue psychiatrique, Vol. 175, Issue. 6, p. 573.
Thomas, Justin Bentall, Richard P. Hadden, Lowri and O'Hara, Lily 2017. Ethnic identity and paranoid thinking: Implicit out-group preference and language dominance predict paranoia in Emirati women. Journal of Behavior Therapy and Experimental Psychiatry, Vol. 56, Issue. , p. 122.
Rotenberg, Martin Tuck, Andrew Ptashny, Rachel and McKenzie, Kwame 2017. The role of ethnicity in pathways to emergency psychiatric services for clients with psychosis. BMC Psychiatry, Vol. 17, Issue. 1,
Hettige, Nuwan C. Bani-Fatemi, Ali Kennedy, James L. and De Luca, Vincenzo 2017. Assessing the risk for suicide in schizophrenia according to migration, ethnicity and geographical ancestry. BMC Psychiatry, Vol. 17, Issue. 1,
Bhavsar, V. Boydell, J. McGuire, P. Harris, V. Hotopf, M. Hatch, S. L. MacCabe, J. H. and Morgan, C. 2017. Childhood abuse and psychotic experiences – evidence for mediation by adulthood adverse life events. Epidemiology and Psychiatric Sciences, p. 1.
Selten, Jean-Paul and Termorshuizen, Fabian 2017. “Ethnic density of neighbourhood at age 15 modifies the risk for psychosis”. So what?. Schizophrenia Research, Vol. 190, Issue. , p. 88.
Das-Munshi, Jayati Chang, Chin-Kuo Dutta, Rina Morgan, Craig Nazroo, James Stewart, Robert and Prince, Martin J 2017. Ethnicity and excess mortality in severe mental illness: a cohort study. The Lancet Psychiatry, Vol. 4, Issue. 5, p. 389.
Akdeniz, Ceren Schäfer, Axel Streit, Fabian Haller, Leila Wüst, Stefan Kirsch, Peter Tost, Heike and Meyer-Lindenberg, Andreas 2016. Sex-Dependent Association of Perigenual Anterior Cingulate Cortex Volume and Migration Background, an Environmental Risk Factor for Schizophrenia. Schizophrenia Bulletin, p. sbw138.
Kirmayer, Laurence J and Ryder, Andrew G 2016. Culture and psychopathology. Current Opinion in Psychology, Vol. 8, Issue. , p. 143.
Burnley, I. H. 2016. Developments and Complementarities in International Migration Paradigms. Journal of International Migration and Integration, Vol. 17, Issue. 1, p. 77.
You have probably many times told me, or people like me, that I really really should read something you want me to read.
You are probably very smart. You are probably very well-educated -- either formally, or self-educated, and probably both. You spend a lot of time on the internet reading economics blogs and commenting on those blogs. You maybe even have a blog of your own, where you write about economics topics. You are probably politically engaged. You are probably a lefty, but may be a righty, or someone who is not easily categorised on that political spectrum. You probably think of yourself as a critic of economics, or a critic of what you see as orthodox economics. You are probably sympathetic to what you see as heterodox economics.
You will recognise yourself from my description. (Or you will recognise others who fit this description).
You have invested so much time in thinking about, reading about, and writing about, economics. Don't you think it would make sense to spend a tiny fraction of that time just reading a standard first year textbook, cover to cover? You could do it in one day. Maybe two, if you go really slowly and carefully. They were designed to be read by an average reader who is probably less smart and less motivated and less knowledgeable than you are. It's gonna be a breeze!
Even if you think you won't agree with it. Even if you think it's going to be all horribly wrong.
Because, at the very least, you will better understand how the people you are criticising view the world.
Because, at the very least, you will better understand the language that is used by the people you are criticising.
Because, at the very least, you will better understand what is and is not an idea that is seen as "heterodox" by the people you are criticising.
Because, at the very least, you would make this blog and other blogs better.
(The final straw that lead me to write this post was reading a comment on another blog which said that "loans create deposits" is a heterodox idea. Every first year textbook I can remember reading contains a description of how loans create deposits.)
This is said with the greatest of respect (and I do mean that, because I really do respect the amount of intelligence and effort some of you are putting in). But also with frustration.
Now, a second plea: does anyone know a free online source for any reasonably good and reasonably standard first year textbook? One that covers much the same topics and in much the same way as any of the best-selling first year university textbooks? Because I know you can pick up old editions of paper copies of the best-sellers for next to nothing, but I also know that people are much less likely to do this.
(P.S. Non-economists may be surprised that I haven't said which textbook I would recommend. That's because it doesn't really matter much. They are all fairly similar in coverage and treatment. And they are almost all good, in my opinion.)
A radical new design proposal for the Vancouver Art Gallery was revealed on Tuesday morning, but the funding to the new building has yet to fall into place.
The 310,000-square-foot design, which features a wood exterior, speaks to the city's heritage, Vancouver artist Jeff Wall said at the unveiling on Tuesday morning.
Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron were picked to come up with the new design in 2014.
The new gallery, to be located at West Georgia and Cambie streets in downtown Vancouver, would be roughly as tall as a 20-storey building, but would have seven publicly accessible floors, along with two floors below grade for parking and storage.
The proposed art gallery will have 85,000 sq. feet of exhibition space — more than doubling its current size. It will also feature a new education centre that includes a 350-seat auditorium, library services and archives.
The site, which is currently a parking lot, was donated to the gallery by the city, on the condition that gallery raise the funding for the project.
Larwill Park at Cambie and Georgia Streets in Vancouver will be the home of the new Vancouver Art Gallery. (CBC)
The new estimate for the cost of the project is $350 million, including a $50 million endowment for operations, but so far only a fraction of the cost has been raised.
So far the Vancouver Art Gallery board of trustees has committed $23 million to the gallery and the province has committed $50 million.
"It's an unprecedented level of giving and I believe that at this early stage it's the most private money raised ever for a not-for-profit project cultural project in Vancouver," says VAG chair Bruce Munro White.
Herzog & de Meuron's past projects include many high-profile public buildings around the world, including Tate Modern in London and the National Stadium ("Bird's Nest") in Beijing.
Reaction online
The design immediately had its critics and fans on social media.
<a href="https://twitter.com/AndrewChangCBC">@AndrewChangCBC</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/CBCVancouver">@CBCVancouver</a> I love it. The design is so unexpected, yet seems to really fit with the <a href="https://twitter.com/VanArtGallery">@VanArtGallery</a> vision. —@krystalatwork
<a href="https://twitter.com/CBCKirkWilliams">@CBCKirkWilliams</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/cbcnewsbc">@cbcnewsbc</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/VanArtGallery">@VanArtGallery</a> 1960s called and want their plans back! Gross! Eyesore, not modern! <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/TryAgain?src=hash">#TryAgain</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/EpicFail?src=hash">#EpicFail</a> —@djsandwiches
<a href="https://twitter.com/cbcnewsbc">@cbcnewsbc</a> This is what you get when a 2 yr old plays with Lego. Couldn't be any uglier. A design only it's architect could love. —@eyemabee
Reminds me of a pagoda - Vancouver Art Gallery's new design revealed <a href="http://t.co/QTRh6qyt9y">http://t.co/QTRh6qyt9y</a> via <a href="https://twitter.com/cbcnewsbc">@cbcnewsbc</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/vanpoli?src=hash">#vanpoli</a> <a href="http://t.co/pwX8RdLltE">pic.twitter.com/pwX8RdLltE</a> —@PeterMeiszner
Omg these new <a href="https://twitter.com/VanArtGallery">@VanArtGallery</a> mockups are legit exciting. Something cool! In Vancouver! <a href="http://t.co/reDpVH9pkS">pic.twitter.com/reDpVH9pkS</a> —@sondeezy
<a href="https://twitter.com/CBCKirkWilliams">@CBCKirkWilliams</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/cbcnewsbc">@cbcnewsbc</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/VanArtGallery">@VanArtGallery</a> mid century modern meets inukshuk? —@SheridaCharles
VOTE: What do you think of the new design?
Updated SEO Crawler: Version #309 (No more limits)
Update: We've been hard at work and have a newer version of our crawler, don't worry though we've updated all the download links across the site so you won't get an old version.
This is a big release for us and for you! As crawler limits have been lifted.
Changes:
Removed Crawler Limits – Previously you were limited to crawling 1,250 pages now there are absolutely no limits. You can crawl as much as your computer can handle.
– Previously you were limited to crawling 1,250 pages now there are absolutely no limits. You can crawl as much as your computer can handle. Super Cool Icon – Nice new icon
– Nice new icon Memory Optimization – We now use less system memory to crawl
– We now use less system memory to crawl New Crawling Engine – Complete overhaul of our crawling mechanism we now crawl faster and more accurately
– Complete overhaul of our crawling mechanism we now crawl faster and more accurately Other general bug fixes
Known Bugs
There is a problem with H1 detection we are aware of this and will be releasing a new version fixing it soon.
Download
Don't forget you'll need Java installed on your computer to run our software (most will have this installed already)
We put a lot of effort into making this so if you'd share it now that would be great!
Find a bug, got an idea or any comment?
Put it in the comments or goto our contact page!
Image copyright Google Image caption The man, believed to be in his 40s, was pronounced dead at Cedar Road in Enfield
A man has been shot dead by police in north London.
The 43-year-old was shot outside a flat on the sixth floor of Picardy House, a 12-storey former local authority building in Enfield.
The man, who had been making threats to kill, was pronounced dead at the scene, the Metropolitan Police said. A non police firearm was recovered.
The incident has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) for investigation.
Richard Nyarko, 48, who lives on the eighth floor with a flatmate, said: "I heard a noise - three or four shots, definitely three or four. After about 20 minutes. I came out on to my balcony and saw armed police outside the front entrance."
The police had their "guns drawn" and were "all over the place", he said.
Bob Mallick, 62, who lives on the fifth floor with his wife and daughter, said he was "shocked and appalled" by the shooting.
He added: "This kind of thing never happens here.
"We don't run around scared, the place is full of hard-working families. The one thing I don't want anyone to think is that this is in any way is a dysfunctional or troubled... neighbourhood to live in."
IPCC investigators attended the scene of the shooting this morning. A forensic examination of the scene has taken place and initial house to house inquiries have been carried out.
Commissioner at the IPCC Cindy Butts said: "Fatal police shootings are rare but require thorough independent scrutiny when they do occur. Our investigators are gathering all of the evidence to understand the full circumstances of what happened."
As Labour's annual conference approaches, much attention is rightly focused on Labour's position on long-term membership of the single market. Less discussed is Labour's current policy towards the customs union. Yet this is an issue around which most wings of the party could unite.
Committing decisively to remaining in the customs union for the long-term, which would mean retaining frictionless trade in goods with our largest market and protecting peace and stability in Northern Ireland, is not only the right thing to do, but would more effectively differentiate Labour's position from that of the government.
A transitional period inside the customs union and the single market, as Labour is now proposing, would delay some of the worst effects of Brexit. But that is all it would do.
The costs of leaving the customs union are clear. Around 180,000 UK exporters will face new red tape and costly country-of-origin rules, meaning industries with integrated supply chains, such as automotive and aerospace, will be particularly hard hit. GDP will be hit by up to £25bn a year, on top of the costs of leaving the single market. And, perhaps most significantly of all, customs controls will be reintroduced on the Ireland-Northern Ireland border.
So why is Labour not backing customs union membership? As the party has wrestled with this issue, three main arguments have been put forward.
First, there are some who buy the idea that quitting the customs union will boost the UK's trade by freeing us to do trade deals with countries outside Europe. The shadow international trade secretary, Barry Gardiner, has argued that remaining in the customs union with the EU would be “deeply unattractive” as it would “preclude us from making our own independent trade agreements.”
But, as his colleague Keir Starmer rightly said recently, the idea that new deals will compensate for any loss of trade with the EU is “an untested proposition.” As things stand, around 60 per cent of UK exports go to either the EU or the nearly 60 countries with whom the EU has a trade deal, and negotiations are underway with nearly 70 others.
It is often pointed out that the EU hasn't reached comprehensive deals with the US, India or China, but the reasons for this will not evaporate when Britain leaves. The EU's deal with the US stalled because of concerns across Europe about regulatory convergence – concerns that are strongly held within the Labour party. The EU-India foundered because of the UK's objection to granting more visas to Indian workers.
Even if Labour could unite around a vision of turbo-charged free trade, it is clear that deals with new markets would take many years to negotiate, and would involve major trade-offs for minimal reward. Analysis by NIESR suggests the estimated increases in trade from FTAs with Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, India, Indonesia, New Zealand and the US would be less than 5 per cent. By contrast, leaving the single market will be associated with a long-term reduction in total UK trade of between 22 per cent and 30 per cent.
A second argument centres around the view that EU-negotiated trade deals are intrinsically malign and anti-democratic. Unshackled from the EU's trade policy, so this argument goes, Britain will be free to strike more progressive deals than the EU does. This may be what Jeremy Corbyn was getting at when he called in June for a Brexit “that protects living standards and promotes human rights through new trade deals throughout the world”.
But this argument is flawed as well. Gardiner has listed “the US, China, Japan, Australia and the Gulf states” as countries the UK would need to strike deals with to try to compensate for the costs of leaving the EU. But nearly all of these would pose profound challenges for Labour. The terms on offer from US trade negotiators will be more no more favourable than those Labour rightly rejects today. China will extract a high price for any opening of its services sector. And it hardly needs saying that any agreement with Saudi Arabia or the other Gulf states would be deeply contentious within the party. Labour risks leaving the customs union only to find it rightly opposes the trade deals on offer.
Finally, there is an argument that remaining in the customs union would mean Britain losing influence, accepting the terms of trade that are negotiated by the EU with third countries, like Turkey does, but without any input. But it is wrong to jeopardise investment, jobs, prosperity and the settlement in Northern Ireland for an illusion of greater control.
And this argument also assumes there is no way that Britain could secure a better status than Turkey. Just as Norway is able to have a say on the rules of the single market, despite being outside the EU, Britain should seek a relationship with the EU on customs and trade that allows us to help shape the terms and priorities of future negotiations.
Labour is right to argue for a “jobs-first Brexit” and for a deal that secures “the exact same benefits” as we currently enjoy. And it is right to insist that Brexit mustn't risk in any way altering the settlement in Northern Ireland. But it must now wake up to the fact that these objectives cannot be achieved by leaving the single market and customs union.
Francis Grove-White is the deputy director of Open Britain.
Danzig Baldaev grew up in a Russian children's home, his father having been denounced as an enemy of the people. He was later ordered to take a job as a warden in Kresty, an infamous Leningrad prison, where he worked from 1948 to 1981. It was a job that allowed Baldaev to continue his father's work as an ethnographer – by documenting the tattoos of criminals. Heavy with symbolism and hidden meanings, the tattoos depicted a complex world of hierarchies, disgraces and achievements. Mostly anti-Soviet and frequently obscene, they are a portal into a violent world that ran alongside the worst excesses of the Communist era.
The KGB found out about Baldaev's tattoo project but, incredibly, they sanctioned it. "They realised the value of being able to establish the facts about a convict or criminal: his date and place of birth, the crimes he had committed, the camps where he had served time, and even his psychological profile," Baldaev wrote, shortly before his death in 2005.
Baldaev's archive of criminal tattoo drawings would probably have died alongside its creator had Damon Murray and Stephen Sorrell of the design publishers Fuel not heard about it from a Russian literary agent. "We visited his widow, Valentina, in her tiny flat in the St Petersburg suburbs, where all of these drawings were stacked in bin liners," says Murray. "She didn't know what to do with them, but she was concerned that her family would throw them out when she died. So we bought them off her."
Having published three volumes of Baldaev's drawings in the Russian Criminal Tattoo Encyclopaedia series, Murray and Sorrell are now launching their first exhibition, giving the public a chance to see the original drawings for the first time. In effect, the tattoos formed a service record of a criminal's transgressions. Skulls denoted a criminal authority. A cat represented a thief. On a woman, a tattoo of a penis was the kitemark of a prostitute. Crosses on knuckles denoted the number of times the wearer had been to prison, and a shoulder insignia marked solitary confinement, while a swastika represented not a fondness for fascism but a refusal to accept the rules of prison society.
A criminal with no tattoos was devoid of status, but to have a tattoo when you hadn't earned it – bearing the skull sign of a criminal authority, for example – often resulted in the tattoo being forcibly removed with a scalpel by fellow prisoners. And "grins" (depicting communist leaders in obscene or comical positions) were a way for criminal to put two fingers up at the authorities.
"The grin is a bravado thing," Murray says. "Tattooing was illegal in prisons, so prisoners made tattoos by melting down boot heels and mixing the solution with blood and urine. Having an anti-Soviet grin was a way of saying, 'I'm the toughest guy around.' A lot of these guys knew they would never be released from prison, so they couldn't care less what the authorities did to them."
The Soviet dissident and writer Eduard Kuznetsov cites an extreme example of this in his 1975 memoir, Prison Diaries. Kuznetsov writes about a con who was operated on by prison authorities three times against his will to remove a tattoo on his forehead. The first tattoo read: Khrushchev's Slave. The second: Slave of the USSR. The third: Slave of the CPSU (Communist party). "Now, after three operations," wrote Kuznetsov, "the skin is so tightly stretched . . . he can no longer close his eyes. We call him The Stare."
Then there are the tattoos that were made against the wearer's will. "Obscene tattoos on men were often tattooed forcibly on passive homosexuals, or people that lost at cards," says Murray. Worse than this was a seemingly innocuous heart inside a white triangle – the sign of a child rapist. Bearing this meant being an untouchable, and subject to the sexual whims of other prisoners.
Today, tattoos are a fashion accessory. The images Baldaev captured had significance and told a story. What's most intriguing is why this prison guard, who calculated that he lost 58 members of his family to Soviet torture and oppression, wanted to document criminal tattoos and scenes from gulag life in the first place. Following conversations with Baldaev's widow, Murray has concluded that it was a moral response to the excesses of the Communist era.
While accepting that the state had sanctioned his work, Baldaev had no sympathies with the regime. "Ideological lies, skilfully devised international conflicts, the humiliation of people, the denial of the right to a dignified life – or to life itself. These are the sins of the state," he wrote. "They are manifest in the world of the prisons and camps, in the terrible plague patches of tattoos."
"Danzig's father was an enemy of the people," says Murray, "so Danzig grew up in an orphanage for the enemy of the people. Then the government told him he was working as a prison officer, guarding enemies of the people. He went home to his tiny flat at night and did these drawings on the kitchen table. He did manage to get a few published here and there, but he wasn't doing it for the money. This was his way of making sense of the world he was in."
Tattoos of the world
The swallow
Popular with sailors, the swallow reflects a wish to come home safely. Traditionally, a sailor only had a swallow tattooed on his chest after completing 5,000 nautical miles.
The koi
In Japanese mythology, when the koi swims to the gate of heaven it is transformed into a dragon. As a tattoo, the koi represents luck, power, strength and individuality, and, most of all, braving the obstacles in life to achieve your goals.
The teardrop
Originating from the Chicano gangs of California, the teardrop below the eye originally signified the wearer had killed someone. Now it can signify the loss of a loved one or time spent in prison.
The dragon
Symbolising courage, freedom and the supernatural, for British and American sailors the dragon tattoo marks the crossing of the international date line, or serving in China.
The full English breakfast
In February 2007, 19-year-old Coventry man Dayne Gilbey had a full English breakfast tattooed on his head, complete with eggs, bacon, sausages, beans, and even a knife. The deeper significance of this unique tattoo is yet to be deciphered. Gilbey's own response to getting the tattoo was: "Mum's threatened to throw me out."
Drawings from the Gulag is published by Fuel.
The Emirate of Al-Bertah, (so named for its unique relationship with the South American Bitumen Emirate of Venezuela) the Texas of the North, its primary exports are oil, beef, and beef oil (a form of biomass), making it extremely wealthy. This makes it a prime target for invasion once the US is done with Iraq and Mordor.
Contents show]
History Edit
Al-berta was created in a bill that congress passed (Yes, Canada is secretly owned by the United States) as the GET RID OF ORPHANS CLUTTERING UP POTENTIAL COMMERCIAL PROPERTY Act. This act gave a legion of orphans the power to make where ever they decided to settle the 51st state as long as they left before a Wal-Mart was built over their orphanage. Although originally destined for somewhere in Asia, the new settlers got tired of walking and settled in what is now Al-berta. This turned out to be a bad idea as most froze to death in the first week. The god Rudyard Kipling took pity on the survivors, and in addition to keeping them alive, fathered Billy, the first god king of Al-berta.
Under the rule of the divine monarchy, the new state of Saudi Al-berta flourished. With a sudden influx of people resulting from Congress sending anybody it found inconvenient there, Al-berta had the workforce it needed to become an economic power. The great achievements of this time include the building of the Rocky Mountains and the discovery of bitumen, which can be refined into mako then materia.
The unexpected success of the new state caused great concern in Congress, which created many laws to keep the Alberticans in check. When Congress imposed a cattle embargo on Al-berta, Alberticans declared independence in the famous document The Declaration of Manningfest Destiny.[1] The war for independence was short, with the only notable event being the Battle of Al-berta, which, amongst other things, featured an abrupt but polite chariot race. Here, the Al-bertan light mounted infantry (The Flames) and royal marines (The Oilers) defeated the Amerikan Clinja forces.
Peace and prosperity didn't last long in Al'berta, as the distant nation of Canada was set on taking it by force. This was eventually accomplished by the elite mercenary group Social Credit, which either killed or forced into exile the descendants of the divine monarchy. The Canadians then installed an evil necromancer to control the new territory from the new citadel of Deadmonton.
Concerned about the possible rivalry of provincial leadership from Fort Calgary (from the native american word for steetlamps) the practice of any form of art was banned from the city. This gave a huge boost to the sales of televisions in the area, contributing to the proliferation of country music as well as the rise of alcoholism and lethargy, and thereby cementing Deadmonton's glorious leadership.
The brutal tyranny of the necromancer continued for many years until the return of King Ralph, last descendant of the god kings of Al'berta. King Ralph challenged the necromancer to a drinking contest at The Cecil and won the independence of Al'berta. Although Canada still asserts its right to annex Al'berta, Alberticans don't care because King Ralph has greatly reduced the number of zombie attacks. The only nation to recognize the Divine Monarch of Al'berta as its sovereign ruler is United Spades of Amerika.
Geography Edit
Al'berta is frigidly cold land. Is located approximately in the country known as Canada. It is entirely peopled by refugees from the civilized world, originally searching for a land of plenty, opportunity and freedom. By process of elimination working west from Newfoundland, most scholars have determined that the land the settlers must have been looking for was Japan, when they were suddenly stymied by the appearance of the deadly Rocky Mountains.
Weather Edit
Whatever can or can not possibly go wrong will get slaughtered, drawn, quartered, and mangled to the point that you can tell that you're no longer in Whitefish, Montana. If that's even remotely possible, that is.
Major Cities Edit
Calgary, being the biggest and most likely place in the world to be sexually molested by a cow, is largely a place for pretentious oil tycoons who think their property is actually worth current market value. As a matter of fact, residents of Calgary are likely to to believe that any commodity they may own is worth more than its fair market value: be it automobiles, concert tickets, used appliances, furniture, stained mattresses or their labour. The majority of these individuals also vote progressive conservative and then wonder why the government provides no essential services. Calgary is famous for having a lot of pornography stores, liquor stores, bingo halls, casinos, bars, and nipples, all within walking distance of each other.
Calgary is most famous for the world famous Stampede where people gather to look at exhibits, go on rides, and wait in line to get trampled on by live-stock. Calgary is also home to Canada's first university of dumbass, and Calgarians attend this university to learn things like how to lose sports and how to speak the simple language of redneck. Furhtermore, Calgary is now seen as the world's leading manufacturer of self-absorption and thunder babies, the latter of which are four-hundred in number. In fact with the over abundance of thunder babies produced by Calgarians daily, they have solved famine problems in Africa by donating fertilizer made from the highest quality shit produced by the babies.
Calgary is also known for its housing issues, including houses worth $150K that are priced $400K. The majority of the residents use whatever method is necessary to justify the total ridiculous rip off house prices. The hastily constructed overpriced shacks also have the advantage that the majority of them are spaced 8 feet apart, so if your neighbour screws up your house is torched too. This recently happened in a major NW area in which 8 houses were toasted literally and firetrucks couldn't get out there quick enough cause the snow was everywhere. Like any small town the residents like to think they live in a world class city where houses are actually worth what they are priced at. Further light is cast on the subject when on warm summer days in Calgary NW you can actually smell the farm smells blowing in, just like any other small town in Alberta. There are no rent controls and many of the working class are actually homeless because they dont have the cash flow to subsidize the insane house prices and greed present in Calgary.
This is not to say that the other cities aren't important like Edmonton, which is located also in Al'berta, it's just that they hold different roles. Edmonton is the Capital of Al'berta because of Calgary being "just to awesome" at everything else. Edmonton claims they have a huge mall but no one cares accept locals who rely on it as the one and only attraction to the city. There is also the cities/shacks Red Deer, Lethbridge, and a couple of others, where you can pick up something to eat while on the way to a bigger city - not that anyone cares. And you can't forget Fort McMurray, filled with more Newfies than a NAMBLA convention.
Another major city in Al'berta is Red Deer. Located halfway between Edmonton and Calgary, Red Deer exists only to confuse tourists who are headed to the Calgary Stampede, something that Airdrie does equally well.
Fort McMurray is at the heart of the oilsands - an area of bitumen deposits that contains more oil than is in all of Saudia Arabia. The city also contains more money, white Ford trucks and buggy whips than can be found in the video game "Grand Theft Auto" (and occasionally more violence as well - such as when there's a dispute as to who arrived first in the Tim Horton's drive thru lineup). The population of Fort McMurray is dominated by females, many of whom have travelled to the cold northern city in search of intellectual and classy men - good luck! On a typical evening in downtown Fort McMurray, it is not uncommon to see three women fighting over one man for the privilege of a ride home in the back of his company owned truck - followed by a strip tease in his oil stained coveralls. Sometimes they also get the privilege of being witness to a altercation with another motorist - or being entertained by the man's colourful language and descriptive words of how nice she looks. The evening ends at 5:00 am the next morning when the man gets up for work, slamming his company owned truck doors repeatedly to assist everyone else in the neighbourhood to wake up (much like the way a rooster sounds the dawn to assist the farmer in waking up).If you come from Toronto (little Somolia), you are probably going to work in the Taxi industry. This career is very lucrative as you may be able to sell large amounts of illegal drugs . This is often done with the help of several cell phones.
Politics Edit
Al'berta grew continually throughout the 20th century, filled with those who have their heads in the clouds but their pitons back at home.
Until 2006 the kingdom of Saudi Albertia is ruled by a shadowy figure known only as King Ralph, popularly acclaimed for his re-introduction of flogging in 1995. In December of 2006, however, King Ralph was overthrown by Ed Sixpack, whose sole election promise was to never get drunk and throw things at homeless people. In spite of these election promises, he still won, mostly because there was nobody else to vote for.
The people of this province continue to look forward to The Stampede, the day when Al'berta will separate from Canada. However, there is a hope that countries like South Korea will help the separatist movement. Representatives from all towns and villages in Al'berta shall each drop a lit match down a manhole of the capital, Ed-too-many-men-ton. This is expected to ignite Al'berta's vast petroleum reserves, and launch the entire province - dirt and dream - on its outward quest into the stars.
Currently the Progressive Conservative party is failing miserably in Alberta as Ed Stelmach looks to his farming roots to rectify the current depression. Ironically the majority that does vote in Alberta is in support of the Wildrose Party, an even more conservative party destined to bring a George W. Bush feel to the province.
↑ Named after the famous Oilbertan, Preston Manning
President Donald Trump said Wednesday that Electronics giant Foxconn will build a $10 billion factory in Wisconsin that's expected to create 3,000 jobs.
The announcement comes at a critical juncture for a Trump administration that pledged to generate manufacturing jobs but has struggled to deliver results as quickly as the president promised.
Trump's plans for health care and tax cuts face an uncertain future in Congress, while his administration is bogged down by an investigation into Russia's possible ties with his presidential campaign.
The factory will produce liquid-crystal display panels that are used in televisions and computer screens, according to a senior White House official who insisted on anonymity to discuss the announcement. Foxconn will locate its plant in the congressional district of U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan, although the official declined to provide a specific location.
Foxconn could eventually employ 13,000 workers at the factory, the official said. This would mark a substantial gain for a state that currently has 472,000 manufacturing jobs and is still recovering from factory layoffs — including the closure of a General Motors plant in Ryan's hometown — that hit after the 2008 financial crisis.
Taiwan-based Foxconn is perhaps best known for assembling Apple iPhones in China.
The official said the White House was closely involved in Foxconn's decision to locate a factory in the United States and that the president had met personally with Foxconn chairman Terry Gou.
Seven states had competed for the Foxconn plant. The administration said it did not help steer Foxconn to Wisconsin in what would appear to be a victory for both Trump and the state's Republican governor, Scott Walker, who is up for re-election next year.
Foxconn did not immediately return messages seeking comment Wednesday. Other states vying for the plant are Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Texas.
Walker and several other Wisconsin officials, including Ryan and Democratic U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin, were expected at the White House announcement.
Republican leaders in the Wisconsin Senate have said Walker has been negotiating a memorandum of understanding with Foxconn to build such a factory in southeast Wisconsin.
Landing the multistate competition has been cast as a once-in-a-generation opportunity. Foxconn is the biggest contract assembler of smartphones and other devices for Apple and other brands. It has been eyeing building the plant in a part of Wisconsin represented by Ryan, who said he has met with company officials at Walker's request.
Critics have cautioned that Foxconn has made promises before to invest in the U.S. and not followed through. Foxconn promised in 2013, for example, to invest $30 million and hire 500 workers for a new, high-tech factory in Pennsylvania that was never built.
Wisconsin could be on the hook for billions of dollars in incentives as part of the deal, though no details of the state's proposal have been released. State Sen. Alberta Darling, co-chair of the Wisconsin Legislature's budget committee, said any deal would be examined with a "fine-toothed comb" and need to win approval by the Republican-controlled Legislature.
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, who is from Ryan's congressional district in southeast Wisconsin, told WTMJ-TV on Tuesday that Trump, when flying over the area in Kenosha County during a visit to Wisconsin in April, noticed vacant land where a former Chrysler Motors plant used to be.
"He said, 'That land should be used,'" Priebus said. "So when Foxconn came into the White House, into the Oval Office, the president said, 'I know a good spot that you should go to, that place in Kenosha.'"
That part of the state is an attractive location for a large plant because of the area's proximity to Lake Michigan and its abundant water supply. To make flat-panel displays, the company will need access to great quantities of water to keep work spaces dust-free, among other things.
The news sent a jolt of excitement across Wisconsin, even among longtime Democratic critics of Walker.
"It's an exciting opportunity," said Democratic state Assembly Minority Leader Peter Barça. He also met with Foxconn executives and said Walker's administration told him the deal could lead to 10,000 or more jobs.
Barça, like many Democrats, voiced concern about how much taxpayers may have to contribute in tax breaks and other incentives.
"We want to make sure it's a fair deal for everybody," he said. "We want a win-win-win."
Former President Barack Obama, stating he does not plan on getting involved in many elections, announces his endorsement of Emmanuel Macron for President of France:
I'm not planning to get involved in many elections now that I don't have to run for office again, but the French election is very important to the future of France and the values that we care so much about.
I have admired the campaign that Emmanuel Macron has run. He has stood up for liberal values. He put forward the vision for the important role that France plays in Europe and around the world. And he has committed to a better future for French people. He appeals to people's hopes, and not their fears.
Emmanuel Macron on Marine Le Pen Voters: "They're here. It's they. It's they who are our true enemies. Powerful, organized, skillful, determined. You pass them in the streets, in the countryside or on the web, most often well hidden. As hateful as they are cowardly. You know them. The party of the agents of the disaster, the fearmongerers. The French far-right. It's here."
Macron will face off against Marine Le Pen in the run-off election on May 7, 2017.Alex Jones: Obama Gives Macron Kiss Of Death Ahead of French ElectionStefan Molyneux: Emmanuel Macron Smears Marine Le Pen Voters As "Hateful Cowards"
The Obama administration is considering asking Congress to give the Treasury secretary unprecedented powers to initiate the seizure of non-bank financial companies, such as large insurers, investment firms and hedge funds, whose collapse would damage the broader economy, according to an administration document.
The government at present has the authority to seize only banks.
Giving the Treasury secretary authority over a broader range of companies would mark a significant shift from the existing model of financial regulation, which relies on independent agencies that are shielded from the political process. The Treasury secretary, a member of the president's Cabinet, would exercise the new powers in consultation with the White House, the Federal Reserve and other regulators, according to the document.
The administration plans to send legislation to Capitol Hill this week. Sources cautioned that the details, including the Treasury's role, are still in flux.
Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner is set to argue for the new powers at a hearing today on Capitol Hill about the furor over bonuses paid to executives at American International Group, which the government has propped up with about $180 billion in federal aid. Administration officials have said that the proposed authority would have allowed them to seize AIG last fall and wind down its operations at less cost to taxpayers.
The administration's proposal contains two pieces. First, it would empower a government agency to take on the new role of systemic risk regulator with broad oversight of any and all financial firms whose failure could disrupt the broader economy. The Federal Reserve is widely considered to be the leading candidate for this assignment. But some critics warn that this could conflict with the Fed's other responsibilities, particularly its control over monetary policy.
The government also would assume the authority to seize such firms if they totter toward failure.
Besides seizing a company outright, the document states, the Treasury Secretary could use a range of tools to prevent its collapse, such as guaranteeing losses, buying assets or taking a partial ownership stake. Such authority also would allow the government to break contracts, such as the agreements to pay $165 million in bonuses to employees of AIG's most troubled unit.
The Treasury secretary could act only after consulting with the president and getting a recommendation from two-thirds of the Federal Reserve Board, according to the plan.
Geithner plans to lay out the administration's broader strategy for overhauling financial regulation at another hearing on Thursday.
The authority to seize non-bank financial firms has emerged as a priority for the administration after the failure of investment house Lehman Brothers, which was not a traditional bank, and the troubled rescue of AIG.
"We're very late in doing this, but we've got to move quickly to try and do this because, again, it's a necessary thing for any government to have a broader range of tools for dealing with these kinds of things, so you can protect the economy from the kind of risks posed by institutions that get to the point where they're systemic," Geithner said last night at a forum held by the Wall Street Journal.
The powers would parallel the government's existing authority over banks, which are exercised by banking regulatory agencies in conjunction with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Geithner has cited that structure as the model for the government's plans.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United will almost certainly play their fifth Champions League qualifier - and their first for 10 years - in August.
The Reds look set to finish fourth in the Premier League in Louis van Gaal's first season, which means they must play a two-legged tie before they can even think about potentially facing Barcelona, Bayern Munich or Juventus in the Champions League next season.
The draw for the play-off will take place on Friday August 7 - a day before the Premier League season starts.
United will play the first leg on Tuesday August 18 or Wednesday 19 and the second leg will be staged on August 25 or 26.
As one of the five highest-ranked clubs in the Uefa Club Coefficient, United will be seeded for the draw.
That means United will avoid a tough play-off with Valencia or Bundesliga side Bayer Leverkusen and might instead face Monaco or Ajax.
United have previously played LKS Lodz (1998), Zalagerszeg (2002), Dinamo Bucharest (2004) and Debrecen (2005) in August qualifiers.
Should United qualify for the 2015-16 group stage, they will be placed in Pot 2 for the first time in 17 years.
See pictures from United's 1999 Champions League win below
As the growing world population's consumption of water increases, fresh water resources are also becoming scarcer due to climate change. Water sources are melting and drying out. Scientists at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK) have calculated how much of the essential resource the world risks losing to the effects of climate change.
To get a clearer picture of such effects, the researchers collected data from five global climate models and 11 global hydrologic models. Their study aims at finding new ways to counter looming water scarcity.
Not too late
Understanding the potential effects of climate change on water resources is important in part because climate change can still be curbed, says Jacob Schewe, lead author of the PIK study.
"From a scientific point of view, climate change can definitely still be delayed," he explains, adding that if climate protection were significantly strengthened worldwide over the next decades, "global warming could be limited to about 1.5 degrees [Celsius], which in turn would prevent a good part of the developments impacting water resources."
The Potsdam study assumes a 2.7-degree increase in temperatures over the pre-industrial era - or two degrees higher than current temperatures.
For the world population, that increase means that one out of ten people would suffer from absolute water scarcity by the end of this century. When the amount of renewable fresh water available per person each year drops below 500 cubic meters, scientists speak of absolute water scarcity. Global use today is at about 1,200 cubic meters per year per person, but industrialized countries use significantly more water than developing countries.
Investment in agriculture
37 nations already make do with the bare minimum in water resources, according to experts at the World Resources Institute (WRI), a co-author of the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. Massive investments in efficient water management are necessary to counter the effects of water scarcity, says Paul Reig, an associate at the Washington-based WRI.
Agriculture is the world's largest consumer of water
"The largest potential is in agriculture, since agriculture is one of the largest water users," Reig told DW. "There are a number of technical innovations and solutions that investors are looking into, and I think that is going to play a large role in solving the increasing challenge to meeting our water demands."
In times of rising food prices, the agricultural sector has become more interesting for investors. Asian companies, particularly in China, as well as their European counterparts are buying up large swaths of land in Africa to grow food products. They, too, have a vested interest in good harvests and are keen on "investment in any aspect of agriculture that offers a significant opportunity to reduce its demand for water," water risk expert Reig says. "Either because of changes in crop type or based on improved irrigation technologies or improved drainage."
Hunger follows on the heels of water scarcity
Agriculture must change in order to counter dwindling water resources. Climate researchers warn of an increased risk of hunger, in particular in poorer countries, while farmers will have to adapt to recurring drought and extreme, torrential rains.
Swiss agronomist Hans Rudolf Herren, one of the winners of this year's Right Livelihood Awards, doubts that agriculture can be brought into line through investments in technology and irrigation alone. "Technical solutions to save water in agriculture will play but a small role even 50 years from now - the corresponding costs are just too high," Herren told DW. The natural properties of many crops, including root crops and grasslands, can't be influenced much by technology, he says.
Herren won the 2013 Alternative Nobel Prize for his work on promoting a sustainable food supply
Herren predict that in the future, agriculture will mainly grapple with two consequences of climate change: drought and flooding. The way to counter that development, he argues, is through organic farming, which "strengthens the capacity of the soil to absorb water, to enrich it and later deliver it again to the plants."
New global menu
Organic farming could also limit the spread of diseases and pests without farmers having to resort to pesticides. Crop rotation and diversity would make it more difficult for diseases and crop destroyers to infest cultivated areas. By contrast, Herren says planting monocultures is like putting down a highway for pests, allowing them to tap into even more habitats as global temperatures rise.
According to the agronomist, consumers, too, must alter their habits in ways that include eating less meat and seeking out crops more attuned to local conditions. In dry regions of the world, farmers could plant the cereal crop millet, which needs significantly less water than corn.
The agronomist is confident such changes would help feed a constantly growing global population. Even today, he says, the world produces enough food for 14 billion people. "We don't need to produce more food - what we need is better quality and more diversity." Herren note an additional climate-friendly measure: growers and consumers should be located closer to one another to decrease the amount of shipments and transports.
Photo by Ashley Boyd Jones
Earlier this year, Alabama Shakes released their new album Sound & Colour. Now, as Rolling Stone points out, frontwoman Brittany Howard has released another new album, this time under the name Thunderbitch. Her self-titled album is streaming in full on the Thunderbitch website. Find the tracklist, album art, and a trailer for the project below.
Howard is joined by members of the Nashville bands Fly Golden Eagle and Clear Plastic Masks. Everyone in "ThunderBand" goes by a pseudonym (Thunderbitch, Matt Man, B Bone, Char Man, A Man, and best of all, ThunderMitch). The band's bio reads, simply, "Thunderbitch. Rock'n'roll. The end." The album is available on vinyl and via iTunes.
Their tour page reads, "Maybe someday....?"
Thunderbitch:
01 Leather Jackets
02 I Don't Care
03 I Just Wanna Rock'n'Roll
04 Eastside Party
05 Closer
06 Wild Child
07 Very Best Friends
08 My Baby Is My Guitar
09 Let Me Do What I Do Best
10 Heavenly Feeling
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Just two weeks ago a Rasmussen poll showed that 64 percent of Americans believe voter fraud exists. That poll was a major hit with the folks at the pro–voter ID True the Vote conference held over the weekend in Houston. No less than three speakers mentioned it to the crowd of roughly 200 attendees. According to conference host and True the Vote president Catherine Engelbrecht, thirty-two states were represented here for their third national summit, but it was clear most in the room were from Texas. Many appeared to be part of one Tea Party group or another (True the Vote is the 501c3 arm of the King Street Patriots, a Texas Tea Party group), and none seemed to be aware that they were far from losing the war on voting. Ad Policy
They were stuck in a reality that was unfamiliar to anyone who's been paying attention to voter issues. Speakers—among them Heritage Foundation's Hans Von Spakovsky, Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton and former title-challenged DOJ employee J. Christian Adams—spoke about the voter ID cause as if they were failing, as if sixteen states didn't pass photo voter ID laws, most of them in just the past eighteen months. As if a federal court didn't just validate a strict photo voter ID law in Arizona the week before the conference.
Houston Chronicle
It didn't stop there. Liberals own the media and have been framing the debate around voter IDs while giving favorable coverage to the Obama administration, said a conservative consultant during a PowerPoint on who “real mainstream Americans” are. He claimed this after mentioning the Rasmussen poll that seemed to indicate otherwise and during a weekend when one of the top trending stories was how Obama was getting more negative press than Mitt Romney.
Topping it off, former Congressman Artur Davis (yes, that one) had some kind words for the protesters outside the conference. But if there were actual protesters, they must have been invisible. The only people gathered outside the conference hotel were a bunch of African-American motorcycle clubs on their bikes, a few of whom told me they had no idea who True the Vote was or that they had a conference going on.
As for those actually there to hear True the Vote, there were as many African-Americans found in the audience as are found cases of voter impersonation fraud, less than one percent. I was one of maybe six African-Americans scattered among the group. Two others were Davis and Anita Moncrief, a “whistleblower” for True the Vote's old enemy ACORN. Between her and Davis—both opening speakers for the conference—they gave the Tea Partyin' (Starbucks coffee&endash;gulping) crowd enough ammo for their weaponization against their new enemies: the Advancement Project, the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights, the Brennan Center for Justice and their archnemesis, the Department of Justice.
“The Department of Justice has gone wild,” Moncrief told the room. “It is not working on behalf of the American people. It is working for these pressure groups,” she said after rattling off a litany of alleged fraudulent, sinister activities that her former employer ACORN used to do. Among those activities was producing the “ACORN Socialist Wishlist”—the secret agenda that President Obama will soon unleash upon Americans. On that list: environmental justice, which Montcrief described as “EPA regulations gone wild.”
Davis took it further. He told them that when people “use the word ‘rights' ”—voting rights, civil rights, human rights—that what they mean is “they don't want any responsibility,” comparing rights-seekers to people who who want jobs, but don't want to show up for work. He indulged the Tea Partiers' indignation, telling them, “Don't let anyone tell you you are what's wrong with America, you are what's right with America!”
These were great setups for American Spectator senior editor John Fund, who said the next day that “the biggest victims of voter fraud are minorities”—to no applause. He assured the crowd that the real good in their fight for voter ID laws was to protect the very black and Latino people such laws would hamper. This moved nobody, especially as he told them, “Some of us who live in nice suburban areas…we're insulated from” voter fraud. It was less proof that he cared about “minorities” and unintentionally more evidence that when it comes to having equal protection under the law and resources for democratic participation, place matters. But Fund reminded the audience of the Rasmussen numbers, which also said roughly two-thirds of African-American respondents believed voter fraud existed.
If so many people believe voter fraud exists, it's only because these groups have been successful in spreading myths while suppressing the truth, which is that you have a better chance of finding Michelle Obama in a Burger King than you will find voter fraud in a poll booth. All weekend they recycled anecdotes about voter registration problems—animated by James O'Keefe's wannabe-Borat-but-missing-the-point films. Registration errors also occur at insignificant rates, and photo voter ID laws do little to address that. But people see the O'Keefe shenanigans or hear Moncrief talk about evil ACORN plots to take over the world by registering Jive S. Turkey to vote, and they become convinced that voter fraud exists.
It's like the Koch-funded propaganda campaigns to block climate change truths by declaring it a hoax. Except here they use an actual hoax—voter fraud—to block voting rights. In this arena, contrary to True the Vote's speakers, these campaigns appear to be winning, if only in the sense that democracy loses every time a state passes a photo voter ID law.
The voting rights army is not befallen yet, though. Just before Houston, I attended the W. K. Kellogg Foundation “America Healing—Healing for Democracy” conference in New Orleans, where I heard Advancement Project Co-Director Judith Browne-Dianis, Southwest Worker's Union Director Genaro Lopez-Rendon and Blue Stone Strategy Vice President Alvin Warren address voter suppression. They discussed many battles they've been gaining ground on in communities and courthouses, getting people registered to vote and removing barriers to the polls. They all spoke of groundwork in terms of finding those who needed ID, citizenship or birth documents, and getting people engaged in the electoral process for November 2012 and beyond.
I was curious about the fictitious protesters Artur Davis warned the crowd of, while warning them about equally fictitious voter fraud. I asked Christina Sanders, the Houston-based director of the Texas League of Young Voters Education Fund why none of the state's voting rights groups showed up for the protests Davis feared. No time for it, said Sanders. They're too busy getting ready for the showdown between Texas and the Department of Justice over a strict photo voter ID law. League of Young Voters Education Fund is on the lawsuit.
“Marches and protests,” said Sanders, “I support them. I won't be the one to organize them, though. We're fighting this one in the courtroom.”
On some now forgotten day during my childhood, I remember realizing for the first time that horror movies were starting to run out of ideas. The box was for Jack Frost (not the Michael Keaton feature), featuring a comical snowman with fangs eager to consume whoever would dare rent the flick. I laughed, I couldn't help but hear Burl Ives' voice coming out of the damn thing's mouth. I was at the right age to start discovering the delights of a “so bad it's good” film watching experience, and soon enough the Sci-Fi Channel would begin its relationship with Mystery Science Theater 3000, a show with a tremendous impact on my life. I didn't rent Jack Frost, the appreciation for ironic viewing hadn't reared its head yet, but it stuck with me. Since then, I've watched more films with ridiculous premises than I could begin to remember, but for my money not many will manage to overcome the outrageousness of Juan Piquer Simón's Slugs.
Simón is, these days, best known for his film Pieces, which itself received a lavish Blu-ray release less than a year ago (and we reviewed it here). Pieces, a gory slasher par excellence, features the somewhat comical tagline: “It's exactly what you think it is.” The same tagline is more than appropriate for Slugs. Unbelievably, Slugs is actually an adaptation from a novel of the same name, written by Shaun Hudson (who still maintains a strikingly serious website). The premise never veers far from the promise of the title: there are slugs, they will kill you, rinse and repeat. In its simplicity, Simón's film manages to be effective in ways that a convoluted narrative surrounding the idea of killer slugs could never be. Now, Arrow brings Slugs to high definition home video for the first time. Will this release slither into your heart? Let's take a look.
The Movie: 1.5/5
If you're looking for a plot, look somewhere else. Slug features one of the simplest plot lines you'll encounter in any film. Health inspector Mike Grady finds himself battling an infestation of carnivorous slugs that assaults anyone foolish enough to tread on their ever expanding territory. Grady struggles to convince other authorities in town that the recent rash of deaths is the result of something perceived as completely innocuous, but as the body count rises it becomes clear that the town has a slug problem and Grady is the only one who can find a way to stop them.
This is schlock of the highest order, folks. Simón is known not only for Pieces, but also for Pod People, a film that was given the business on the gold standard for bad films: Mystery Science Theater 3000. With that pedigree, it should come as little surprise that this film is strikingly light on plot. The acting is fairly wooden as well, but the one place it does manage to shine is in the slug effects themselves. While typically shot in low light, there are a few generally off-putting shots, particularly of a slug making its way into a head of lettuce. If you're looking for a rousing piece of cinema, this isn't it, but if you're in the mood for a creature feature and plenty of unintended laughs, take a look.
The Video: 4/5
Slug makes its high definition debut with a remarkably strong presentation from Arrow. A new 2k scan has been produced from the film negative, ensuring that this is the prettiest Slugs has looked since it's theater premiere. Presented in its original aspect ration of 1.85:1, the color palette leans heavily on cooler motifs with blue being the dominant color in the overall palette. Night time and dark shots are saturated with a deep blue throughout the film, giving those scenes an almost otherworldly hue. While this distinguishes the darker shots, it doesn't work so well with the subject matter. That being said, minor grain does not intensify during the night time shots, staying consistent across the entire presentation. Some minor loss of detail can be seen in dark shots and wide shots in general, but on a whole the transfer is very impressive considering the film's less than stellar pedigree.
The Sound: 2.5/5
Slugs is presented with a sole Stereo 2.0 track that tends to lean on a more loud, abrasive presentation than other mono tracks. As this film was filmed largely in Italian with the lines recording in English in editing, viewers may notice some minor differences between lips and audio cues, but beyond this minor issue the presentation itself is without any major issues to impact it. Sound effects and transitions can be especially loud and abrasive compared to the conversations. Arrow clearly focused on getting the visuals up to snuff in lieu of spending too much time on the audio presentation. It's acceptable considering the material.
The Packaging and Extras: 3.5/5
Arrow has packaged this release of Slugs in their standard clear, wide Blu-ray casing. Upon receiving the film, I was absolutely floored by the new cover art by Wes Benscoter. This is, by my measure, one of the finest commissioned covers for a film in the last few years, perfectly capturing the level of visceral terror the film itself never manages to capture. The inverse slipcover features artwork from the film's original theatrical run, a nice addition for purists. Inside, the single BD-50 disc is packaged with a booklet featuring an essay on the film by Michael Gingold, helping to contextualize the film's place in the larger oeuvre. Beyond the film, the disc itself features roughly an hour's worth of featurettes exploring the effects and locations of the film, along with two audio commentaries. From Arrow Video's database:
Brand-new restoration from original film elements
High Definition Blu-ray (1080p) presentation
Original Uncompressed PCM Stereo audio
Optional English subtitles for the deaf and hard of hearing
Audio commentary with Slugs author Shaun Hutson
Audio commentary by writer and filmmaker Chris Alexander
Here's Slugs In Your Eye – an interview with actor Emilio Linder
– an interview with actor Emilio Linder They Slime, They Ooze, They Kill: The Effects of Slugs – an interview with special effects artist Carlo De Marchis
– an interview with special effects artist Carlo De Marchis Invasion USA – an interview with art director Gonzalo Gonzalo
– an interview with art director Gonzalo Gonzalo The Lyons Den – an interview and locations tour with production manager Larry Ann Evans
– an interview and locations tour with production manager Larry Ann Evans 1988 Goya Awards promo reel
Original Theatrical Trailer
Reversible sleeve featuring original and newly commissioned artwork by Wes Benscoter
Fully-illustrated collector's booklet featuring new writing by writer Michael Gingold
The Technical Stuff (click for Technical FAQs)
Region: A
Rating: R
Feature Duration: 92 mins
Language: English
Subtitles: English SDH
Aspect Ratio: 1.85:1
Audio: Stereo
Color
Discs: 1 BD-50
The Verdict: 3/5
Slugs is an acquired taste. If you're the moviegoer who likes their jump scares, then Slugs will not be your kind of horror movie. Somewhere between an odd slasher and creature feature, Slugs occupies its own little niche in the world of horror flicks. While the director is better known for other films, Slugs remains one of the prime examples of the gross-out phase of international horror films throughout the 1980's. Drastically light on plot, the slugs themselves manage to steal the show whenever they're on screen. Arrow has done a fantastic job cleaning up the picture for this release, the visual presentation is rather striking. Combined with a strong array of bonus features and gorgeous commissioned artwork, Slugs should appeal to anyone who likes a little extra “ick” with their flicks.
Note: This Blu-ray was sent to us for review. This has not affected our judgement or editorial process in any way. Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this process.
NOW AVAILABLE ON AMAZON.COM
ELEMENTARY APPLIED TOPOLOGY
R. Ghrist, "Elementary Applied Topology", ISBN 978-1502880857, Sept. 2014.
please cite as: R. Ghrist, "Elementary Applied Topology", ed. 1.0, Createspace, 2014.
this text covers the mathematics behind the exciting new field of applied topology;
both the mathematics and the applications are taught side-by-side.
this text is densely illustrated and suitable for self-study or as part of a course.
pdf chapters are available for free for personal use: do not distribute!
this is a self-published book, using amazon's createspace for print-on-demand.
why did i publish a math book this way? how can you do likewise?
ERRATA (updated 11/2014)
all works copyright robert ghrist. all rights reserved.
Russian translation of this page courtesy of StarMoz
this book had as precursor a set of hand-drawn lecture notes...
APPLIED TOPOLOGY NOTES
Nikita Khrushchev, the Soviet dictator between 1953 and 1964, allegedly said that when “the world is socialist, Switzerland will have to remain capitalist, so that it can tell us the price of everything.”
Just as it was important that the Communist world be continuously exposed to at least one country that got its economics right, such as Switzerland, so it is instructive for the capitalist world to be continuously exposed to at least one country that gets its economics wrong, such as Venezuela.
Communists Actively Needed Capitalism
Without the free market, socialists would have no way of determining the prices of anything. Khrushchev, like all early communists, believed in the eventual triumph of socialism. In the early 1920s, the Soviet Union sold some of its best art to American millionaires, such as the US Secretary of the Treasury, Andrew Mellon, in order to raise funds so that they might prevail in the Russian Civil War.
The Communists believed that they would get the paintings back after communism triumphed in the United States. In the event, America got the National Gallery of Art, while the Russians were left with empty rooms at the Hermitage.
But, Khrushchev's point about Switzerland was a serious one. Early opponents of socialism, including Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich Hayek, pointed out that without the free market, socialists would have no way of determining the prices of anything.
In a capitalist economy, nobody sets the prices of goods and services (unless, of course, one considers heavily regulated parts of the economy such as the American healthcare system under Obamacare). Prices emerge “spontaneously,” depending on supply and demand. Socialist countries, in contrast, employ thousands of bureaucrats who try to estimate future supply and demand and incorporate those estimates into Soviet five-year plans.
By Khrushchev's time, it was clear that Soviet “plans” were not worth the paper they were scribbled on. The failure of central planning explained both the shortages of basic goods in the USSR and the need for an independent and capitalist Switzerland.
Most of the victims of political violence have been anti-government protesters. Conversely, it is useful for people in free-market democracies to be constantly reminded of the consequences of alternative economic and political arrangements, such as those in contemporary Venezuela.
The country's attempt to build 21st-century socialism has run into predictable problems, including rising infant mortality rates, triple-digit inflation, widespread food shortages, a collapsing healthcare system and failing rule of law, and the growing repression of the opposition by the state.
Wrong, Wrong, and Wrong
As I have argued before, all socialist countries eventually come to experience similar economic and political problems. And, just as surely, there will always be those in the West who will jump to socialism's defense. Vladimir Lenin, the founder of the Soviet state, called such people “useful idiots.”
I was reminded of the immensely seductive nature of socialism this week, when Tucker Carlson, the host of the eponymous show on Fox News, hosted a young socialist from The Students and Youth for a New America. To give you a sense of the conversation between the two, I have transcribed some of Dakotah Lilly's statements below:
“We need to acknowledge that what Venezuela is facing right now is terrorism at the hands of the opposition. Opposition has bombed schools, they have bombed buses, [and] they have taken wiring and strung it across roads to behead cops on motorcycles. These are not choir boys. These are violent extremists, hell-bent on taking away the progress that Venezuela has made over the past few years.” “If you look at the casualties that have happened in the past few months in these protests, the majority of those that have been killed have been trade unionist leaders, have been dedicated Chavistas, have been people on the Left.” “In terms of economics, the sanctions that the United States has put on Venezuela and the hoarding done by multi-national corporations in Venezuela, certainly does not help the [economic] situation.”
Almost everything that Lilly says here is demonstrably false. Extensive reporting by the New York Times, hardly a promoter and defender of “unbridled capitalism,” shows that most of the victims of political violence in Venezuela have been anti-government protesters.
Prey for Socialism's Siren Call
Moreover, the sanctions imposed by the United States on a few individuals connected to the Venezuelan government have nothing to do with that country's economic meltdown.
American pupils can go through years of “education” without learning about communist crimes and socialist economic failures. Aside from oil exports, Venezuela does not have or make anything that anyone in the world wants to buy. Thus, when the oil price collapsed from $140 to less than $50 a barrel, the country lost most of the foreign exchange it needed to purchase food and consumer goods abroad. Shortages ensued.
Admittedly, it is not entirely fair to criticize American millennials for their almost unfathomable ignorance. The state-schools system is, by and large, broken. American pupils can go through years of primary and secondary “education” without learning about communist crimes and socialist economic failures. Solutions to these problems are not easy to find. History and economics are not the most popular of subjects, and more often than not, the faculties are Left-leaning.
To make matters worse, young people, such as Dakotah Lilly, are deeply idealistic and easy prey to the siren call of socialism. They see the imperfections of free-market democracy at home and assume that countries with the opposite economic and political arrangements, such socialist Venezuela, must offer a better life to their people.
The people of Venezuela, however, have discovered that it ain't so. The people of America should learn from the Venezuelan example.
Reprinted from CapX.
Meet the New AOL Logo: “Aol.” (Plus the Press Release)
The new AOL will differ than the old one in several ways: New boss, smaller headcount, different owners.
So, of course, it also gets a new logo. This one will look awfully familiar, since it is the same trio of well-known letters, and if you're not paying attention you won't notice a thing.
But look closely:
See? Yup: Two lower-case letters and a period.
The idea is that the type will remain consistent, but will be “revealed” when it sits on top of different images. The old AOL swoosh triangle goes away, although its sort-of iconic “running man” will stick around in some form, the company said.
Here's a canned quote from CEO Tim Armstrong about what this means:
“Our new identity is uniquely dynamic. Our business is focused on creating world-class experiences for consumers and AOL is centered on creative and talented people–employees, partners, and advertisers. We have a clear strategy that we are passionate about and we plan on standing behind the AOL brand as we take the company into the next decade.”
Branding outfit Wolff Olins gets credit (and money) for figuring this one out. But let's see what investors think of the work when the company spins off from Time Warner (TWX) next month.
Here is the full press release:
One of the most enjoyable and inspiring physics papers I have read in recent years is this one by Mark Van Raamsdonk. Building on earlier observations by Maldacena and by Ryu and Takayanagi. Van Raamsdonk proposed that quantum entanglement is the fundamental ingredient underlying spacetime geometry.* Since my first encounter with this provocative paper, I have often mused that it might be a Good Thing for someone to take Van Raamsdonk's idea really seriously.
Now someone has.
I love wormholes. (Who doesn't?) Picture two balls, one here on earth, the other in the Andromeda galaxy. It's a long trip from one ball to the other on the background space, but there's a shortcut:You can walk into the ball on earth and moments later walk out of the ball in Andromeda. That's a wormhole.
I've mentioned before that John Wheeler was one of my heros during my formative years. Back in the 1950s, Wheeler held a passionate belief that “everything is geometry,” and one particularly intriguing idea he called “charge without charge.” There are no pointlike electric charges, Wheeler proclaimed; rather, electric field lines can thread the mouth of a wormhole. What looks to you like an electron is actually a tiny wormhole mouth. If you were small enough, you could dive inside the electron and emerge from a positron far away. In my undergraduate daydreams, I wished this idea could be true.
But later I found out more about wormholes, and learned about “topological censorship.” It turns out that if energy is nonnegative, Einstein's gravitational field equations prevent you from traversing a wormhole — the throat always pinches off (or becomes infinitely long) before you get to the other side. It has sometimes been suggested that quantum effects might help to hold the throat open (which sounds like a good idea for a movie), but today we'll assume that wormholes are never traversable no matter what you do.
Are wormholes any fun if we can never traverse them? The answer might be yes if two black holes are connected by a wormhole. Then Alice on earth and Bob in Andromeda can get together quickly if each jumps into a nearby black hole. For solar mass black holes Alice and Bob will have only 10 microseconds to get acquainted before meeting their doom at the singularity. But if the black holes are big enough, Alice and Bob might have a fulfilling relationship before their tragic end.
This observation is exploited in a recent paper by Juan Maldacena and Lenny Susskind (MS) in which they reconsider the AMPS puzzle (named for Almheiri, Marolf, Polchinski, and Sully). I wrote about this puzzle before, so I won't go through the whole story again. Here's the short version: while classical correlations can easily be shared by many parties, quantum correlations are harder to share. If Bob is highly entangled with Alice, that limits his ability to entangle with Carrie, and if he entangles with Carrie instead he can't entangle with Alice. Hence we say that entanglement is “monogamous.” Now, if, as most of us are inclined to believe, information is “scrambled” but not destroyed by an evaporating black hole, then the radiation emitted by an old black hole today should be highly entangled with radiation emitted a long time ago. And if, as most of us are inclined to believe, nothing unusual happens (at least not right away) to an observer who crosses the event horizon of a black hole, then the radiation emitted today should be highly entangled with stuff that is still inside the black hole. But we can't have it both ways without violating the monogamy of entanglement!
The AMPS puzzle invites audacious reponses, and AMPS were suitably audacious. They proposed that an old black hole has no interior — a freely falling observer meets her doom right at the horizon rather than at a singularity deep inside.
MS are also audacious, but in a different way. They helpfully summarize their key point succinctly in a simple equation:
ER = EPR
Here, EPR means Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen, whose famous paper highlighted the weirdness of quantum correlations, while ER means Einstein-Rosen (sorry, Podolsky), who discovered wormhole solutions to the Einstein equations. (Both papers were published in 1935.) MS (taking Van Raamsdonk very seriously) propose that whenever any two quantum subsystems are entangled they are connected by a wormhole. In many cases, these wormholes are highly quantum mechanical, but in some cases (where the quantum system under consideration has a weakly coupled “gravitational dual”), the wormhole can have a smooth geometry like the one ER described. That wormholes are not traversable is important for the consistency of ER = EPR: just as Alice cannot use their shared entanglement to send a message to Bob instantaneously, so she is unable to send Bob a message through their shared wormhole.
AMPS imagined that Alice could distill qubit C from the black hole's early radiation and carry it back to the black hole, successfully verifying its entanglement with another qubit B distilled from the recent radiation. Monogamy then ensures that qubit B cannot be entangled with qubit A behind the horizon. Hence when Alice falls through the horizon she will not observe the quiescent vacuum state in which A and B are entangled; instead she encounters a high-energy particle. MS agrees with this conclusion.
AMPS go on to say that Alice's actions before entering the black hole could not have created that energetic particle; it must have been there all along, one of many such particles constituting a seething firewall.
Here MS disagree. They argue that the excitation encountered by Alice as she crosses the horizon was actually created by Alice herself when she interacted with qubit C. How could Alice's actions, executed far, far away from the black hole, dramatically affect the state of the black hole's interior? Because C and A are connected by a wormhole!
The ER = EPR conjecture seems to allow us to view the early radiation with which the black hole is entangled as a complementary description of the black hole interior. It's not clear yet whether this picture works in detail, and even if it does there could still be firewalls; maybe in some sense the early radiation is connected to the black hole via a wormhole, yet this wormhole is wildly fluctuating rather than a smooth geometry. Still, MS provide a promising new perspective on a deep problem.
As physicists we often rely on our sense of smell in judging scientific ideas, and earlier proposed resolutions of the AMPS puzzle (like firewalls) did not smell right. At first whiff, ER = EPR may smell fresh and sweet, but it will have to ripen on the shelf for a while. If this idea is on the right track, there should be much more to say about it. For now, wormhole lovers can relish the possibilities.
Eventually, Wheeler discarded “everything is geometry” in favor of an ostensibly deeper idea: “everything is information.” It would be a fitting vindication of Wheeler's vision if everything in the universe, including wormholes, is made of quantum correlations.
*Update: Commenter JM reminded me to mention Brian Swingle's beautiful 2009 paper, which preceded Van Raamsdonk's and proposed a far-reaching connection between quantum entanglement and spacetime geometry.
World
ISIL Militants Choose to Surrender to Iraqi Forces in Al-Khalediya Island
TEHRAN (FNA)- ISIL terrorists are laying down arms and surrendering themselves after major victories by the Iraqi army and popular forces that led to the liberation of al-Khalediya Island in al-Anbar province.
Field sources report that ISIL terrorists are surrendering themselves in groups as soon as they come to realize that they have lost the battle in the region.
"In the most recent case, 4 ISIL members, one of them wounded, surrendered themselves after being surrounded by the Iraqi forces in one of the regions controlled by the terrorist group in al-Khalediya," a field source said on Tuesday.
The source added that the Iraqi forces purged Bu Hazim, Bu Jahas and al-Kartan districts in al-Khalediya Island of terrorists after killing tens of them.
They also surrounded the remaining ISIL militants in al-Waqe'a region of al-Khalediya, he said.
Head of Anbar Provincial Council Sabah Karhout declared the end of the liberation operations of Al-Khalediya Island on Monday.
"The Iraqi joint military forces have fully liberated the ISIL-controlled al-Khalediya Island located 23 kilometers to the East of al-Ramadi," Karhout said.
He reiterated that all regions of al-Khalediya Island are now under Iraqi security forces' control.
Al-Khalediya Island is located 80 kilometers to the West of Baghdad.
Story highlights Lawsuit seeks FBI to turn over memos from Comey regarding meetings with Trump
The records are not classified, Comey said last week
Washington (CNN) The FBI on Friday formally denied a CNN Freedom of Information Act request to turn over former director James Comey's memos documenting his conversations with President Donald Trump.
The move comes one day after CNN filed a lawsuit asking the agency to release the documents.
Comey described the meetings and his note-taking in detail last week while testifying before the Senate intelligence committee.
Despite high public interest in the content of the memos, Comey's testimony that the records are not classified and a ruling from the Justice Department that the FBI should expedite CNN's FOIA request for the memos, the FBI has not provided either the documents or a reason to withhold them, according to the lawsuit filed in the US District Court for the District of Columbia.
That constitutes a violation of the federal Freedom of Information Act, the lawsuit alleges. CNN asked the court to require the agency release the documents "unredacted, and without further delay."
Read More
Four-star forward Cameron Lard was scheduled to arrive in Ames three weeks ago and yet Iowa State is still awaiting his arrival as the clock continues to tick.
According to Travis Hines of the Ames Tribune, the school is waiting on an appeal.
The NCAA has declined to rule incoming Iowa State men's basketball player Cameron Lard a qualifier, but it is currently reviewing an appeal and his eligibility remains uncertain, multiple sources tell the Ames Tribune.
So Iowa State continues to wait.
The 6-foot-9 Lard committed to Iowa State last November while facing eligibility questions, but Iowa State officially announced his signing in mid-April. He was expected to arrive on campus in July after completing summer courses, but his arrival date has continued to be delayed in the months since.
The New Orleans, La., native averaged 16 points and 10 rebounds per game at Natchitoches Central High School as a junior before transferring to Landry-Walker High School. He was ruled ineligible last season due to Louisiana transfer rules and ultimately moved to Houston and attended Pro Vision Academy where he played in seven games and averaged 16 points, nine rebounds and two blocks.
"He had schools like Mississippi State, Rhode Island, Iowa State, Texas, Kansas State, Nevada. He had schools like that," New Orleans Elite AAU coach Gregg Holmes told CycloneAlert. "I think what made him pick Iowa State [was] Coach Small and the staff have done a really good job during his recruitment when he was at Murray State. They did a really good job of building a relationship with him. They stayed with him through everything, through the whole course, they ran the course with him."
For now, if or when Lard might arrive at Iowa State remains a looming question.
(What's next for the Cyclones? Make sure you're in the loop — take five seconds to sign up for our FREE Iowa State newsletter now!)
A tenured professor at Florida Atlantic University, who was fired after claiming Sandy Hook was a hoax and then sued for his job back, has had portions of his lawsuit dismissed. The professor, James F. Tracy, writes a blog claiming Sandy Hook never happened, and when Sandy Hook parent Lenny Pozner asked him to take down photos of his son Noah, the youngest victim, Tracy responded with a certified letter asking him to prove the child ever existed.
In December of last year, Lenny and Veronique Pozner wrote an anguished op-ed in Broward's Sun-Sentinel, detailing what they said was a long pattern of harassment by Tracy, and criticizing the attention paid to him by the media, which “elevated his status and fame among the degenerates that revel in the pleasure of sadistically torturing victims' families.” The Pozners detailed some of the harassment in wrenching detail:
In fact, Tracy is among those who have personally sought to cause our family pain and anguish by publicly demonizing our attempts to keep cherished photos of our slain son from falling into the hands of conspiracy theorists. Tracy even sent us a certified letter demanding proof that Noah once lived, that we were his parents, and that we were the rightful owner of his photographic image. We found this so outrageous and unsettling that we filed a police report for harassment. Once Tracy realized we would not respond, he subjected us to ridicule and contempt on his blog, boasting to his readers that the “unfulfilled request” was “noteworthy” because we had used copyright claims to “thwart continued research of the Sandy Hook massacre event.” His blog post was echoed dozens of times on conspiracy websites, including one maintained by Tracy's colleague and frequent collaborator James Fetzer, a Holocaust denier who expounded upon Tracy's article by stating that our refusal to respond to this obscene ultimatum “implies that Noah did not die at Sandy Hook and confirms that Lenny is a fraud.”
Advertisement
FAU reprimanded Tracy in 2013 for using his university credentials in his personal blog posts about Sandy Hook, but in their editorial the Pozners argued that didn't go far enough:
When do the interests of the college and its students take precedence over the tenure of a professor who has clearly proven himself in violation of the university's own policy? The FAU Academic Affairs Faculty Handbook clearly states that “A faculty member's activities which fall outside the scope of employment shall constitute misconduct only if such activities adversely affect the legitimate interests of the University.”
They also pointed out that fellow professors had said Tracy's posts had “negative consequences,” including students not wanting to attend FAU.
Advertisement
Tracy was fired in January 2016, and filed suit in April, saying the firing violated his rights to free speech and academic freedom. But a judge dismissed eight of the ten counts in the suit on Thursday, writing that the suit “ mixed “multiple constitutional theories” and had a “lack of clarity,” according to the Sun-Sentinel. The paper reports that he will potentially be able to refile on some of the claims, including his contention that the firing was “retaliatory” in nature. It's unclear whether he will actually refile.
The Pozners have since divorced. Lenny Ponzer, as detailed in New York magazine, has devoted himself full-time to fighting conspiracy theorists who claim Sandy Hook and other mass-casualty events were hoaxes. There are still many easily findable blogs questioning his son's existence, and even referring to Noah's name in sarcastic quotes.
In an update, Pozner told NYMag recently that the conspiracy theorists he's battling seem “emboldened” of late, and that sites like Google and YouTube and Facebook have been deeply unhelpful in taking down hoax material.
Advertisement
Update and correction, February 26: An earlier version of this post incorrectly stated that all of Tracy's lawsuit had been dismissed; a judge dismissed eight of ten counts but allowed two others to move forward. I regret the error.
On December 28, Tracy filed a second amended complaint. FAU moved to have the suit dismissed, a motion which the court denied. In his new complaint, Tracy accuses FAU of retaliation in violation of his right to free speech, of conspiracy to interfere with his civil rights, and challenges the university's policy on conflicts of interest and “outside activities.” Tracy argues that his personal blogging constituted protected speech and shouldn't have resulted in is firing.
If you are a video gamer, and you are thinking about expanding your presence online through search engine optimization, you may want to attend a conference that can help you achieve this goal. For example, if you need more followers, or you simply just need to be more visible on the web, seo strategies can help you achieve this and more. If you have a website where you are showcasing your skills, and you would like to become more well-known in this industry, this is the easiest way to get this done. It's also the most cost effective way that people can get the exposure that they desire, information that will be taught at a Chicago SEO conference. When you can attend these, not only do you learn new strategies, but you can work with like-minded people on obtaining this goal. Here are a few of the benefits that you will experience at a Chicago conference that will help video gamers.
Why SEO Is So Important For Video Gamers
Search engine optimization is very important for people that play video games, either recreationally or on a professional level. There are people that travel the world both digitally, and also in person, to compete in different competitions. If you are trying to build a list of followers on Facebook, or get people to subscribe to your newsletter, you can do this as you build your reputation. The more that you achieve, and the more publicly you can present your achievements, the easier it will be to get people to follow you. This can be beneficial in many different ways. For example, you might get an opportunity to work with others that are doing video games at a paid level, perhaps testing them out before they go to market. At the very least, you will develop followers on social media, YouTube, and even with an autoresponder, that will want to see what you are doing every day.
How Search Engine Optimization Can Give Video Gamers More Exposure
One of the first things that will be addressed while attending Chicago marketing conference is how you can quickly get massive exposure fast. There are many people that will recommend doing a press release if they have a new product or service, and you can get similar results using SEO. For example, if you already have a Facebook page, and also a website, you can use use the strategies that will be taught to boost their positions on the search engines. As most people know, it's very easy to rank a Facebook page, and by using the right search engine optimization strategies with your website, you can see top rankings very quickly.
What SEO Strategies Are Currently Working The Best?
Some of the strategies that are currently being used include using videos to get the best results. This is very good news for video gamers because they will often create a multitude of videos showing exactly how to conquer certain games. There are people online that do nothing but play video games, record what they are doing, and generate income on YouTube because they have a following that watches them every day. If this is what you are trying to accomplish, it is a career move that could help you become very popular, and subsequently, become very successful. Video games may not be a solid career choice regarding obtaining benefits and retirement, but if it is something that you love to do, and you are good at it, you can make money with this fun filled hobby. Another strategy that's working very well for gamers is linking to other websites that are presenting videos on video games. It shows that you are interconnected with others that are like-minded, and this is not just from the perspective of your visitors. When the search engine algorithms come to your website, and you are linking to these other gaming sites, they are going to see continuity. In the same way that Wikipedia and other websites link out to authority sites, you will start to see a massive change in your search engine positioning.
It is a good idea to start looking for an SEO conference in Chicago and plan to attend the entire event. It will be a life-changing experience, one that will allow you to start achieving higher rankings than ever before simply because you decided to attend. If you can do this, you should have no problem at all getting the followers that you want and also generating more exposure for your website. If you are a video game are, and all of this is important to you, definitely start searching for a Chicago SEO conference that will be happening shortly.
But the vote of confidence—which was expected—is only the first step and doesn't mean Greece will ultimately go along with the austerity plan, or even avoid default. Thousands of Greeks protested outside the parliament building as the vote was being held.
"Getting stuff through parliament and getting it implemented are two very different things," David Lea, European analyst at Control Risks told CNBC.com. "If they can get past the confidence vote, it doesn't mean they can pass the austerity plan, and if they pass the austerity plan it doesn't mean they can implement it."
Both US stocks and European markets rallied on hopes that the confidence vote would pass and clear the path for the austerity package mandated by the International Monetary Fund and the European Union.
The EU and IMF are currently withholding a 12 billion euro portion of their 110 billion euro loan to Greece as they wait for concrete movement on the package of cuts and privatizations that Papandreou's government have been struggling to pass.
Analysts said that if Greece is unable to get the next portion of the loan, default is likely and could cause a domino effect in other areas of the euro zone.
Parliament is now due to vote at the end of June on the austerity package, and the outcome is far from certain.
"I don't see this fiscal plan taking effect whether it gets passed or not," said Lea. "Does that push Greece inexorably towards default? I think it probably does."
Lea added that those in Greece pushing for a default, "thinking that it's going to be a massively better situation to austerity—might have a nasty surprise on their hands."
Several fund managers said the vote of confidence, and the legal passage of the austerity plan, will only be temporary measures, and that most in the market are accepting that Greece will default. What matters now is how that process is managed.
"For the past few months all of the Greek news has been leading towards this type of event," Ryan Hughes, a portfolio manager at Skandia Investment Management told CNBC.com.
Ahead of the vote, acting IMF head John Lipsky said in a speech in Berlin that the Greek program could work and prevent a default—all that mattered was political will.
"The underlying Greek fiscal system is broken, but if it's broken, that implies it can be fixed. It's not that hard to figure out how to fix it. It's a matter of political will," he said.
José Mourinho suffered his first league defeat in his second spell as Chelsea manager but insisted the better team had lost at Everton. "We dominated the whole game and had 21 shots, we risked everything we could," the Chelsea manager said after Steven Naismith's goal secured a 1-0 home victory. "In that sense I think it's fair to say we deserved to win the game. But in another way, the team had 21 shots and some of them easy shots too, but we didn't score.
"We made a mistake in the last minute of the first half where we lost the ball in a strange situation and we conceded a goal. Maybe because of that, we deserved to lose, because if you don't score you can't win."
The Blues manager would not single out striker Samuel Eto'o, who was particularly wasteful on his Chelsea debut following an August move from Anzhi Makhachkala, for criticism. "Of course he needs [matches], but it was not just him," Mourinho added. "I think [André] Schürrle's missed three big chances to score and other players also had chances but I don't like to be critical of players who missed some chances. We are a team and I prefer to analyse the game. We didn't deserve to lose because we were the best team and the team that tried harder to win the game."
Mourinho admits Chelsea are playing a different type of football this time round, not the powerful, direct style he developed when Didier Drogba was still the spearhead. Yet when he made substitutions he simply reshuffled his midfield. Fernando Torres was brought on only for the last 20 minutes and was unable to make a difference, and while Romelu Lukaku – who has been described as the new Drogba – was at the game it was because he has been loaned out to Everton. "We need to put the ball in the net," Mourinho said. "Artistic football is no use without goals."
It was also a first league win as Everton manager for Roberto Martínez, who had been frustrated by goalless draws with West Brom and Cardiff after overseeing an opening-day 2-2 draw at Norwich.
The former Wigan manager accepted praise for his defence's resilient display but insisted he was equally happy with his side's threat going forward.
"It feels really, really good because it was a special game, a special opposition and a very good performance," Martínez said. "We are still going through a transitional period and I think the crowd understands that and as players we understand that.
"But in the manner that we've been able to defend, sensing danger and coping with one-on-ones then I thought it was superb. We always carried a threat and it's not one of those performances where you feel strong defensively but that you don't look like scoring.
"I thought we put a lot of bodies in the box, especially in the first half, even if I thought our build-up play is not as good as it has been. But in the second half we kept our composure and always carried a good threat in attack, and we coped with every adjustment that Chelsea did. That gives me real pride in the performance."
Newly disclosed emails suggest senior policy officials at the Environmental Protection Agency and environmental groups are working closely to kill the Keystone XL pipeline, critics say.
"These damning emails make it clear that the Obama administration has been actively trying to stop this important project for years," Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., who has long advocated for the Canada-to-Texas pipeline's construction, said in a statement to Fox News.
The emails were obtained under Freedom of Information Act request by the Energy and Environment Legal Institute. In one communication, Lena Moffit of the Sierra Club wrote to three senior policy staffers at the EPA, including Michael Goo, who was then the associate administrator for policy.
"Thanks so much for taking the time to meet with us on Keystone XL yesterday," she wrote. "Let me know if I can be helpful in any way -- particularly in further identifying those opportunities for EPA to engage that don't involve 'throwing your body across the tracks,' as Michael put it."
EELI senior legal fellow Chris Horner told Fox News that as a government agency, EPA couldn't be seen as overtly trying to kill Keystone, but was reaching out to environmental groups for other ideas on how to do it.
"On its face," Horner told Fox News, "it smacks of classic secret dealing and an uncomfortably close working relationship and one that is known to these parties, but quite plainly not advertised to the public."
Barrasso was less diplomatic. "Despite the fact that Keystone XL has bipartisan support in Congress and from governors, environmental extremists inside and out of the administration are working behind closed doors to kill it," he said.
Many EPA staffers -- including Goo -- came from the environmental movement. Goo, who is now at the Department of Energy's policy shop, was with the Natural Resources Defense Council.
Horner said many EPA staffers share a policy agenda with environmental groups, a common cause illuminated in the emails his group obtained.
"This series of correspondence plainly indicates that you've got an agency that's made up its mind -- working with allies with whom it is ideologically and substantively aligned on this -- trying to find ways to advance their argument without being too obvious about it," Horner told Fox News.
Emails previously obtained by Horner's group reveal similar agenda-sharing regarding coal. There are dozens of exchanges on the just-released regulations regarding coal-fired power plants.
In one email, John Coequyt, head of Sierra's "beyond coal" campaign, wrote to Goo and another EPA staffer in an apparent attempt to pressure EPA into adopting regulations so strict that coal plants that already received construction permits could not be built.
"Attached is a list of plants that the companies shelved because of uncertainty around GHG regulations. If a standard is set that these plants could meet, there is a not small chance that they (sic) company could decide to revive the proposal," Coequyt wrote.
In another email to Goo and Alex Barron of EPA's climate office, Coequyt responded comically to an August 2012 article that quoted now-EPA administrator Gina McCarthy as saying the new regulations would not kill coal.
"Pants on fire," wrote Coequyt
Other communications arranged meetings between Goo and Coequyt at the Starbucks in the JW Marriott hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue, close to the EPA -- an attempt, charges Horner, to discuss issues without having to sign in to the EPA building. And there are numerous requests from environmental groups to meet with EPA staffers.
There is also evidence, said Horner, that EPA officials sought to keep their deliberations with environmental groups out of the public record by using private email accounts and back-channel communications.
In one such exchange, James Martin, who was the EPA's Region 8 administrator, exchanged ideas with the Sierra Club's chief legal counsel Vickie Patton on where to hold public hearings on new coal regulations. Martin used a ".me" account instead of his official EPA server.
Martin resigned in February of 2013 in a storm of controversy over using personal email to conduct official communications.
Many of the emails provided to Fox News have been redacted. The EPA claimed they show the "deliberative process." Now that the proposed regulations on coal have been published, Horner and the Energy and Environment Legal Institute plan to go to court to obtain unredacted versions.
"Late Night With Seth Meyers"/NBC; YouTube After correctly predicting that Donald Trump would win the US presidency, Michael Moore has made a new prediction that Trump may not go on to serve out his term.
The Oscar-winning director made waves back in July when he predicted that Trump would win, and now he says he takes no pleasure in being right.
"I never wanted to be more wrong," Moore told Seth Meyers on Wednesday's "Late Night." "I remember when I said this on the show, the audience moaned, like 'no,' all because it didn't seem possible. She was ahead in the polls, she was winning the debates, it was a great convention. And he's crazy."
Moore, who even correctly named the states that would clinch the election for Trump, joked that people had begun to ask him for the winning lottery numbers.
To which Meyers responded, "It's like you hit the lotto, but instead of winning $6 million you got kicked in the nuts."
While he was right before, Moore said he had a new Trump prediction and told the crowd to prepare its moans.
"He's not president until noon on January 20 of 2017," Moore said. "So that's more than six weeks away. Would you not agree, regardless of which side of the political fence you're on, this has been the craziest election year? Nothing anyone has predicted has happened. The opposite has happened. So is it possible that in these next six weeks something else might happen, something crazy, something we're not expecting?"
To which Meyers asked, "Do you think it's possible that he now realizes this job is way more work than he wanted it to be?"
"Oh, he is so bummed out," Moore said. "He may decide he just wants to quit before he even takes office. Everyone in the audience is saying that's not possible. Everybody in this audience at some point in their life on the first day of their job knew they had taken the wrong job."
Watch the full interview at the "Late Night" website.
And below, watch more from Michael Moore's "Late Night" interview:
Somebody is monitoring Smartphones in DC.
As the discussion over wiretapping and foreign hacking still dominates the conversation in Washington, an unusually high amount of suspicious cell phone activity in the nation's capital has caught the attention of the Department of Homeland Security, raising concerns that U.S. officials are being monitored by a foreign entity. The issue was first reported in the Washington Free Beacon, but a source at telecom security firm ESD America confirmed the spike in suspicious activity to CBS News. ESD America, hired preemptively for a DHS pilot program this January called ESD Overwatch, first noticed suspicious activity around cell phone towers in certain parts of the capital, including near the White House. This kind of activity can indicate that someone is monitoring specific individuals or their devices. According to the ESD America source, the first such spike of activity was in D.C. but there have been others in other parts of the country. Based on the type of technology used, the source continued, it is likely that the suspicious activity was being conducted by a foreign nation.
So we are the most technologically sophisticated, highly-surveilled nation today, and we haven't found who was doing this and put an end to it? Obviously this isn't foreign, it is just designed to look like that, so everybody thinks that this can't possibly happen in the US.
Donald Trump and Alex Jones were under electronic monitoring:
WASHINGTON, D.C. – Infowars.com have obtained credible information from law enforcement sources regarding individual records of U.S. citizens under National Security Agency (NSA) electronic surveillance in the years 2004 through 2010 – a database that suggests both Donald J. Trump and Alex Jones were under illegal, unauthorized government monitoring during those years… Sheriff Arpaio and Chief Investigator Zullo have identified dozens of entries at various addresses, including both Trump Tower in New York City and Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida, under which Donald Trump was apparently under NSA electronic surveillance from 2004, during President George W. Bush's term of office, through 2009, the first year of President Obama's presidency… As revealed from the Dragnet database, not only was Trump himself surveilled but so were numerous employees of his located at Trump Tower… All these employees appear to have been under NSA phone surveillance, plus various of them under financial surveillance as well. The Project Dragnet database suggests Trump was under surveillance not only for phone conversations, but also for financial information, including most likely bank account transactions, credit card transactions, and tax filings… Alex Jones is listed as being under electronic surveillance for phone records, as well as under surveillance for financial records, in 2006.
Brennan and Clapper had a secret system to pull phone calls off the phone company servers, which was probably used on Trump:
Clapper and Brennan were using the supercomputer system to conduct illegal and unconstitutional government data harvesting and wiretapping. THE HAMMER was installed on federal property in Fort Washington, Maryland at a complex which some speculate is a secret CIA and NSA operation operating at a US Naval facility… That system, THE HAMMER, according to the audio tapes, accessed the phone calls, emails and bank accounts of millions of ordinary Americans. The tapes also reveal that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance court (FISA), Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, 156 other judges, members of Congress, and Donald J. Trump were targeted by the HAMMER. One of the audio tapes made public by Federal Judge G. Murray Snow revealed that Brennan and Clapper particularly targeted and wiretapped Donald Trump a “zillion times.” Montgomery also contends that the government can plant files such as state secrets on a target's computer, setting up the owner of that device for blackmail or framed prosecution… The audio tapes were released by Federal Judge G. Murray Snow in Maricopa County, Arizona in the Justice Department's civil contempt case against Sheriff Joseph M. Arpaio. Attorney Klayman, founder of Freedom Watch, represented Montgomery before federal Judge Royce C. Lamberth. Klayman, who characterizes his client Montgomery as a “whistleblower,” told Fox News that Montgomery “turned over 600 million plus pages of information to the FBI.” Judge Lamberth was formerly the presiding judge over the FISA court. After Montgomery produced his documentation, the FBI gave him two immunity agreements: one in the area of “production” and the other regarding “testimony.” The FBI then took possession of Montgomery's documentation. Attorney Klayman asserts that this information precipitated James Clapper's resignation.
I'm sure they would never do that to Stefan Molyneux, Bill Whittle, Vox Day, or Heartiste.
Perhaps of the greatest interest, notice Trump is now President, and he probably could not access this intel himself. Our government is literally forking, right before our eyes. On the one side, the traditional Constitutional aspect we were all taught about, and on the other something else, nebulous and unknown.
What none of this info considers is that you do not roll surveillance piecemeal, especially on an off-the-books op that will blowback major shit if it is exposed, maybe even get people imprisoned, and destroy the entire capability for all intel once it is exposed. If you are pulling phone calls on Trump, and he invites his head of security into his office and says, “I think my phone calls are being monitored. Here is $100 million to hire foreign intel specialists to run a massive counter-intel op to expose it to the world,” you fucking-A need to know that, to get on top of it, cover it up, and cover your ass. Because those pros will not come at you from out in the open, because they know you are a pro. Once they are contracted, they go ghost, and you may never see them coming until it is all over.
So you bug his office too. It is an SOP ass-covering measure. And while you are there you bug everything else as well, and recruit sources in his operations to feed you intel, and you put other people on him when he travels out to see if they can glean anything using all sorts of fancy tech. You monitor his laptop camera, turn on his phone mic, and check for any of his people meeting with or calling anybody who might be dangerous to the op, and on and on. You pull everything, because if one little bit gets by you, it could be off to the pokey.
Nobody wants to go to the pokey.
Wonder why they were surveiling Trump's people, like the pretty blonde tomato from the Apprentice? They were probing for chinks in Trump's circle of trust, that they could exploit. I'll bet Trump had super-hot women throwing themselves at him all the time, sent specifically by intel, trying to corrupt him for blackmail. That he is rolling with such brass balls tells you, he never fell for it. The guy is a machine, sent by God.
I will bet both Trump and Jones were under an operation straight out of the movie Enemy of the State every day, only it employed hundreds, if not thousands of people, rather than a small twelve-man team like the movie. I doubt that will come out, but then again, I doubted we would ever see any evidence of anything relating to even actual electronic monitoring. I had thought this issue was just an ass-covering in the event anything leaked out later, and maybe a smoke screen to facilitate policy moves.
This President is full of surprises.
One side note. You have to wonder if this is going to hit this week to smooth Gorsuch's nomination by sucking all the oxygen out of his confirmation hearing coverage. Talk about a master of exploiting the media. If the Melonheads had figured out Donald Trump was this good, they would have taken him out even before Breitbart.
Too late now, melonhead motherfuckers.
BOHICA!
Spread r/K Theory, because then you can say BOHICA!
In Ozzie they trust.
That's the mantra in Baltimore. Players come and players go, but Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome has proved he can evaluate, pinpoint and draft talent. It is why the Ravens aren't panicking over the mass exodus from their Super Bowl team.
They will miss Ray Lewis, Ed Reed and the other defensive starters who left, but the truth is, Baltimore's defense actually might be better this season than it was a year ago, not worse.
That's because of Ozzie.
For a long time, a similar thing was going on in Pittsburgh. The Steelers always had the next guy ready. There was always an answer, particularly on defense. It was as though Pittsburgh treated the lower half of its roster like a minor league farm system. Then when time, they would call up the next guy, and then the next, with no drop-off in talent or production. There was always a suitable replacement waiting in the wings.
But at some point between drafting Ben Roethlisberger and Jarvis Jones, the Steelers' first-round pick in April, Pittsburgh slipped. The Ravens saw it and came to believe that because of a superior scouting department and because of Ozzie, they could draft better than the Steelers and thus have better results.
And the Ravens were right.
Speedy wideout Mike Wallace is among the proven commodities no longer in Pittsburgh. Joe Robbins/Getty Images
This is a pivotal year for the Steelers, who fell apart last season after Roethlisberger suffered a scary rib injury and finished third in the AFC North with an 8-8 record. Gone are wide receiver Mike Wallace, outside linebacker James Harrison, nose tackle Casey Hampton, running back Rashard Mendenhall and offensive tackle Max Starks, among others.
The Steelers have gotten younger, at least on offense, but have they gotten better?
Pittsburgh opens training camp Friday in Latrobe, Pa., in the unusual position of looking up at not one divisional foe but two. It no longer is the pacesetter. It must chase Baltimore and, yes, even Cincinnati, because the talent and depth have eroded.
There are significant questions entering camp.
The first is the health of the quarterback. Roethlisberger had arthroscopic surgery on his right knee in early June to clean up some lingering damage. He has said his knee feels brand-new, which is a good sign.
But Roethlisberger hasn't played a full 16-game season since 2008, the only year of his career in which he did. For years, he has been hammered behind an inadequate offensive line, a problem that Pittsburgh has spent recent years addressing in the early rounds of the draft. The line this year will be one of the youngest, most athletic in the league, but it also will include a player in left tackle Marcus Gilbert who is switching positions and coming off an ankle injury and a player in right tackle Mike Adams who continues to recover from being stabbed.
Can Roethlisberger make it through a 16-game schedule? And presuming he can't, can Bruce Gradkowski be a more serviceable stopgap than Charlie Batch and Byron Leftwich were last season? Just as important, can Roethlisberger and offensive coordinator Todd Haley peacefully coexist?
Also, can the Steelers help Roethlisberger with any semblance of a running game? They were atrocious running the ball last season, ranking near the bottom of the league in yards, yards per attempt and touchdowns. It is difficult to move the chains when you average 3.7 yards per attempt.
Just who exactly is going to be the featured back? Will it be Isaac Redman, who gained 410 yards last season? Will it be Jonathan Dwyer, who gained 623 yards last season? Or will it be rookie Le'Veon Bell, whom the Steelers picked in the second round of the draft out of Michigan State?
In letting Wallace walk in free agency, the Steelers lost the only deep threat they had at wide receiver. The good news is Antonio Brown is poised to have a breakout year, and Pittsburgh matched the offer sheet Emmanuel Sanders signed from New England. But Jerricho Cotchery isn't a lock to make the team. Neither is Plaxico Burress. Tight end Heath Miller is coming off a significant knee injury he suffered in Week 16 last season and might not be ready for the season opener against Tennessee.
The projected starters on the Steelers' defense have an average age of 29 years, two months. Five starters -- defensive end Brett Keisel, linebacker Larry Foote, cornerback Ike Taylor and safeties Troy Polamalu and Ryan Clark -- are 32 or older. Although Polamalu is still one of the most feared safeties in the game, he is injury-prone. When healthy, the Steelers have a high-quality secondary, but they need to develop better depth behind the starters because if one goes out, the drop-off in talent is significant.
In Pittsburgh, there is no such thing as playing for second place, and there is no time for patience. But the balance of power in a division the Steelers once owned has shifted, and Pittsburgh will open the season looking up at the Ravens and the Bengals, an odd position for them, indeed.
Paul plans to stump for Booker's opponent in New Jersey. | AP Photos Rand Paul mocks Cory Booker
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul took a dim view of Newark Mayor Cory Booker on the eve of a planned trip to New Jersey to stump against the Democratic Senate candidate.
Explaining his decision to campaign for Republican nominee Steve Lonegan on Friday, Paul jabbed at Booker as a politician with “an imaginary friend with imaginary problems” — an allusion to stories Booker has told about a Newark drug lord named “T-Bone,” whom he has said he befriended.
Story Continued Below
Booker has described “T-Bone” as an “archetype” of Newark, and according to the conservative National Review the Democrat has told at least one associate that “T-Bone” is a composite figure.
“If Cory will introduce me to T-Bone when I get there, I'd love to meet T-Bone. If T-Bone's not real, maybe we need to get Mr. Booker to talk about real problems,” Paul told POLITICO in an interview.
( QUIZ: Do you know Cory Booker?)
The senator described Lonegan, who is far behind Booker in the polls for next month's special election, as a solid conservative and “defender of the Fourth Amendment” who impressed Paul during a visit to Washington over the summer.
Booker spokesman Kevin Griffis responded to Paul's comments with a broadside at Lonegan, saying that the former Bogota mayor would “raise taxes on the working and middle classes and privatize Social Security, and he even opposed Hurricane Sandy aid.
“As mayor and as a leader of the Tea Party in New Jersey, Mr. Lonegan has only proven that he cares about the plight of the ultra-wealthy and big corporations,” Griffis said.
POLITICO reported Paul's plans to campaign for Lonegan earlier this month: His trip will make Paul one of precious few national GOP figures to get involved in the lopsided New Jersey Senate race. Booker and Lonegan are vying to succeed the late Frank Lautenberg.
Paul's intended trip comes only days after President Barack Obama addressed the nation about the situation in Syria, embracing the prospect of a diplomatic solution but arguing that the United States must be prepared to act with military force — an option the Republican has vociferously opposed.
( QUIZ: Do you know Rand Paul?)
The former Bowling Green ophthalmologist said he's hopeful that military force is a “dead letter” at this point, since the various countries involved — including Syrian-ally Russia — have an interest in resolving the uproar of Bashar Assad's use of chemical weapons without a “cataclysmic overthrow” of the Syrian dictator.
“I think the thing that [Obama] did make a good case for is that it is horrific,” Paul said of the slaughter in Syria. “I don't think he's making the case that there's an American interest there or that the bombing will do anything.”
According to Paul, even the president acknowledged the uphill persuasion battle he faces, during a meeting with senators: “Even when he had lunch with us, he said he didn't think, as good a public speaker as he was, that he could get the public with him.”
The New Jersey campaign swing will bring Paul onto the home turf of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, a fellow GOP rock star with whom Paul has clashed on issues of national security. Paul invited Christie to join him at Lonegan's side but Christie declined, citing his wife's birthday.
Paul joked that he was disappointed by Christie's absence: “I really, really, really want to have a beer with him. … No, we just thought since I was going up there, we'd ask him.”
“We'll break bread at some point in time,” Paul added. “I'm a big believer in trying to defuse a situation rather than make it worse.”
Speaking to POLITICO by phone on the anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Paul said he drew two lessons from the memory of Sept. 11, 2001.
He described one lesson as an “external” one: “The lesson from 9/11 is that we are a big and powerful country that is reluctant to go to war, but if you attack us, if you decide to attack our soldiers, our American interests anywhere in the world … we will respond with overwhelming force.”
“The internal lesson, I think, is a little more complicated,” he said. “We have to try to defend ourselves, but we have to defend ourselves in a way that's consistent with our Constitution and our individual liberties.”
My daughter and I are about 10 hours into the game, she is seven.
While I was bored to play the first sets with her, I could play this for hours with her, and so I have.
The mechanics are flawless, the ships are awesome, the game play and story is engaging, the graphics are silky smooth.
In addition to vehicles and platforming, Skylanders SuperChargers also features light puzzle elements, which the Vicarious Visions rep said are designed with the 6-12 year old audience in mind. For older players, this won't be anything too taxing – simple shape recognition, patterns and symbols, and that sort of thing – but it's a nice change of pace.
I dont want to spoil the fun for you but this is hands down the best set yet. All of your favorite features and game play in one. Fly, drive, boat, all of it and more. Prepare to be immersed into a world like none other, and be there with your young one and share the fun. Make sure to give plenty of hi fives and encouragement!
Really, all I can say is WOW, I plan on buying my brother and his son a copy for Xmas as well
Two thumbs up for these superchargers, great to play and a great gift to give for most ages.
Feel free to thumbs back if this review helped
The new Unreal Tournament update, released today, features many improvements to the new Flag Run game mode. We've also made significant changes to player movement and weapons, including updates to the Lightning Rifle, Rocket Launcher, and other weapons. We've also been working on refining the match start process, including adding an improved interactive scoreboard that appears when you first enter the game, or during gameplay when you tap the escape key. Check out the new update video for more details on gameplay changes.
Unreal Tournament now uses your Epic username for in game identification. We have implemented a clan tag system that will allow you to add your clan tag or other personalization before your username. Your name will then appear with your clan tag in brackets followed by your username.
We'd love to get feedback on our new Flag Run game mode, which combines elements of the classic Capture the Flag and Assault game modes in an intense new round-based mode. It is still a work in progress and all of the playable levels are currently low poly shells. We are excited about its potential and ready to hear your comments and suggestions. Flag Run is available as a Quickmatch option, on hubs, or even offline against bots.
We've also added a training video and tutorial to help get you up to speed quickly. You can give us feedback on the forums, in the Unreal Tournament subreddit, Discord or in the comments below. We'd love to hear from you. You can leave your comment below or on Facebook, Reddit, @UTGame on Twitter, in the YouTube comments or come and chat with us on our Discord channel.
To improve the smoothness of movement in team games where you are often in close proximity to teammates, players no longer collide with teammates unless both are trying to stop in the same location. We've also removed the “sprint” mechanic in this build.
This update includes a number of weapon functionality improvements and balance tweaks. The Lightning Rifle prototype has continued to undergo functionality and balance iteration, and has now replaced the sniper rifle on our Flag Run maps. The Rocket Launcher alternate fire mode now fires multiple rockets in a spread pattern, and rocket seeking is now both easier to engage, and easier for an alert target to avoid. The Link Gun, Grenade Launcher, Sniper Rifle, Flak Cannon, and Enforcer have also seen functionality and balance changes, detailed in the full change list. We've also added a ring effect to the shock ball to make it easier to track and place, so you can nail those combos at just the right spot.
This update includes a number of Instagib mode improvements requested by the Instagib community. There have also been a lot of AI improvements, changes and improvements to other weapons, and many other updates and bug fixes. You can check HERE for a detailed change list.
As of September 8, there were 12,937 Starbucks stores in the United States. That's more than the number of Pizza Huts, Burger Kings or Dunkin' Donuts, but less than the number of Subways or McDonald's. It's more than the number of golden-crowned sifakas in Madagascar, but less than the number of people in Rock Springs, Wyoming. So what does it really mean?
University of Washington PhD candidate Jim Davenport decided to find out. He posted the results of his inquiry on his data blog If We Assume Thursday, complete with a few beautiful graphics. The most striking was a map of the lower 48 states with all the stand-alone Starbucks locations plotted in green:
The map doesn't include locations that are within other businesses, like grocery stores, so it's not 100 percent complete. But Davenport discovered that it's impossible to get more than about 170 miles away from a standalone Starbucks location at any point in the U.S. That's not quite as crazy as McDonald's, which is never more than 115 miles away, but it's still insane.
Even more amazingly, he found than 80 percent of the 311 million people living in the U.S. live within 20 miles of a Starbucks. And almost 50 percent lives within five miles of a Starbucks. No wonder the coffee chain is looking for far-flung, controversial spots to open new stores!
(via Eater)
Deviated septum Synonyms Deviated nasal septum (DNS) An MRI image showing a congenitally deviated nasal septum Specialty Otorhinolaryngology
Nasal septum deviation is a physical disorder of the nose, involving a displacement of the nasal septum. Some displacement is common, affecting 80% of people, mostly without their knowledge.[1]
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
Only more severe cases of a deviated septum will cause symptoms of difficulty breathing and require treatment.[1] Symptoms of a deviated septum include infections of the sinus and sleep apnea, snoring, repetitive sneezing, facial pain, nosebleeds, difficulty with breathing and mild to severe loss of the ability to smell.[1][2]
The nasal septum is the bone and cartilage in the nose that separates the nasal cavity into the two nostrils. The cartilage is called the quadrangular cartilage and the bones comprising the septum include the maxillary crest, vomer and the perpendicular plate of the ethmoid. Normally, the septum lies centrally, and thus the nasal passages are symmetrical.[3] A deviated septum is an abnormal condition in which the top of the cartilaginous ridge leans to the left or the right, causing obstruction of the affected nasal passage. The condition can result in poor drainage of the sinuses. People can also complain of difficulty breathing, headaches, bloody noses, or of sleeping disorders such as snoring or sleep apnea.[3]
It is common for nasal septa to depart from the exact centerline; the septum is only considered deviated if the shift is substantial or causes problems.[4] Many people with a deviation are unaware they have it until some pain is produced. By itself, a deviated septum can go undetected for years and thus be without any need for correction.[4]
Causes [ edit ]
It is most frequently caused by impact trauma, such as by a blow to the face.[4] It can also be a congenital disorder, caused by compression of the nose during childbirth.[4] Deviated septum is associated with genetic connective tissue disorders such as Marfan syndrome, Homocystinuria and Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.[5]
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Nasal septum deviation is the most common cause of nasal obstruction.[6] A history of trauma to the nose is often present including trauma from the process of birth or microfractures.[6] A medical professional, such as an otolaryngologist (ears, nose, and throat doctor), typically makes the diagnosis after taking a thorough history from the affected person and performing a physical examination.[6] Imaging of the nose is sometimes used to aid in making the diagnosis as well.[6]
Treatment [ edit ]
Medical therapy with nasal sprays including decongestants, antihistamines, or nasal corticosteroid sprays is typically tried first before considering a surgical approach to correct nasal septum deviation.[6] Medication temporarily relieves symptoms, but does not correct the underlying condition. Non-medical relief can also be obtained using nasal strips.
A minor surgical procedure known as septoplasty can cure symptoms related to septal deviations. The surgery lasts roughly one hour and does not result in any cosmetic alteration or external scars. Nasal congestion, pain, drainage, or swelling may occur within the first few days after the surgery.[7] Recovery from the procedure may take anywhere from 2 days to 4 weeks to heal completely.[citation needed] Septal bones never regrow. If symptoms reappear they are not related to deviations. Reappearance of symptoms may be due to mucosal metaplasia of the nose.[citation needed] Currently, the most gentle and effective is laser septochondroplasty for the septal cartilage segment deformity and ultrasound septoplasty — effective for the septal cartilage and bone deformation.[citation needed]
Complications of septoplasty [ edit ]
Nasal septum perforation [6] due to bilateral trauma of the mucoperichondrial flaps opposite each other.
due to bilateral trauma of the mucoperichondrial flaps opposite each other. Incomplete correction with persistent nasal symptoms [6]
External nasal deformity [6]
Septal hematoma [6] and septal abscess.
and septal abscess. Scarring inside the nose and nose bleeding [6]
Adhesions and synechiae between septal mucosa and lateral nasal wall.
Saddle nose due to over-resection of the dorsal wall of the septal cartilage.
Dropped nasal tip due to resection of the caudal margin.
See also [ edit ]
The European Parliament on Wednesday (3 October) backed a resolution that calls on the EU to increase its 2030 climate targets and to come up with a mid-century zero-emissions strategy before an all-important UN summit in 2018.
Ahead of November's COP23 summit in Bonn, MEPs agreed on a set of recommendations that would see the EU ramp up the ambition of its climate goals, during the monthly plenary session in Strasbourg.
This included calling on the European Commission to prepare and finalise a 2050 zero-emissions strategy for Europe before December 2018's crucial COP24 climate summit in Katowice, Poland.
EU to aim for 100% emission cuts in new ‘mid-century roadmap' EXCLUSIVE / The European Commission is preparing an update of its low-carbon economy roadmap for 2050, acknowledging that the bloc's current target of cutting greenhouse gas emissions at least 80% by mid-century are insufficient, EURACTIV.com has learned.
As signatories to the Paris Agreement have to come up with long-term targets by 2020 and demonstrate progress in implementing the landmark climate deal at the Katowice summit, COP24 has already taken on huge importance, with this year's edition in Bonn serving as more of an appetiser.
MEPs backing the resolution said they expected clarification at COP23 on the structure of the “Facilitative Dialogue”, which aims to check countries' progress towards the targets agreed in Paris in 2015.
In calling for more ambition in EU climate targets, European lawmakers are exerting more political pressure as a number of important pieces of legislation make their way through various parts of the Brussels policymaking machine.
Next week, EU environment ministers are expected to agree on a joint position on the Effort Sharing Regulation (ESR), which sets national binding targets on reducing emissions from various sectors that make up 60% of the EU's greenhouse gas emissions.
Its piece of sister-legislation, the Emissions Trading System (ETS) is further along the pipeline and trilateral talks between the EU institutions are currently ongoing, with an ambitious reform of the scheme underway.
Emissions Trading System failures sour energy policy efforts Doubts about the effectiveness of the European Union's Emissions Trading System (ETS) resurfaced on Tuesday (19 September) at an energy conference in Estonia, as a low carbon price continues to stymie energy market efforts.
MEPs in Strasbourg welcomed the development of similar trading systems around the world, with 18 schemes currently operating. They urged the Commission to promote links between the ETS and other carbon markets in order to show leadership on climate action and head off the threat of carbon leakage, where polluters relocate outside of the EU in order to avoid additional expenditures.
In August, the ETS's reach grew slightly as Switzerland linked its carbon market to the wider European system. The ETS is the world's largest such market, a title it is likely to lose later this year as China looks to roll out long-gestating plans to set up its own market.
The EU and China are vying for the now-vacated mantle of climate leader, which the US gave up when Donald Trump announced he would withdraw from the Paris Agreement, alleging the terms of it did not favour his country at all.
Yesterday, European lawmakers reiterated their “disappointment” with Trump's decision, which they branded a “step backwards”. But they also looked to draw a line under the issue, by focusing on the strong responses made by other governments in pursuing implementation of the climate deal.
Manchester United right-back Antonio Valencia has been rewarded for an impressive season with a new contract, the Premier League club have announced.
Valencia, 31, only signed a new one-year deal in January. But after becoming a key part of Jose Mourinho's team, the Ecuador international has signed a further extension which will keep him at Old Trafford until at least 2019 with the option of another year.
He was voted United's Players' Player of the Year this season after playing 43 times and captained the team in the final of the Europa League in Stockholm on Wednesday night.
.@Anto_V25 has signed a contract extension at #MUFC until June 2019 with the option for a further year: https://t.co/zJiy0QxLyV pic.twitter.com/POuWdyF68T - Manchester United (@ManUtd) May 26, 2017
"Manchester United has been my life since 2009 and I am absolutely delighted to have signed a new contract," Valencia, who signed from Wigan Athletic in a £16 million deal eight years ago, told the club's official website.
"Wednesday evening provided the one trophy this club had never won and it was a true honour for me to captain the team for the final.
"I would like to thank the manager for the confidence he has given me this season and I am sure that we will be challenging on all fronts next season.
"I would also like to say a big thank you to my family, my team-mates and, of course, the fans, for their amazing support."
Valencia, who is closing in on 300 appearances for United, occasionally played at right-back under Sir Alex Ferguson, David Moyes and Louis van Gaal but this is first full season in the role after arriving at Old Trafford as a winger.
"It is no secret that I had been an admirer of Antonio's long before I joined the club," Mourinho added.
"I knew what a fantastic player he was and he has not disappointed me on that front. However, what I could never have imagined was what a great person he is.
"I know I have said this before but I truly believe it is a real privilege for us to have such a good player and such a good man. I am delighted he has extended his contract."
Rob is ESPN FC's Manchester United correspondent. Follow him on Twitter @RobDawsonESPN.
A Few Photos from Morocco
The Strait of Gilbraltar from the sky. Until this photo, I was excited to visit Morocco, but it was just an idea, an odd shape on the map bordered by a vast Sahara desert too exotic to imagine. Even on the plane, my travel partner Rita and I were talking about how strange it was that we had become accustomed to flying to new continents, just because we can, because our passports are a certain color.
But when this dark hue of Mediterranean cut a clear line between Europe and Africa it suddenly dawned on me, that thousands of feet down, on that uneven coastline fishermen were speaking Arabic and hopeful emigrants were patching make-shift rafts; and south of them, in the desert, long lines of camels were carrying goods and robed men were drinking mint tea beneath tents with no brand names.
And south of them, and farther south of there, in the moist forgotten recesses between the Tropic of Cancer and the Tropic of Capricorn, there were people who couldn't fathom a piece of metal floating up toward the horizon! All this came to mind, all at once, the Heart of Darkness syndrome as my whiteness comfortably surveyed the scene from above. Africa, I know nothing about you.
A food vendor in Marrakesh's Jemaa el-Fnaa square. My rule: eat only where Moroccans eat. Since a fair number of Moroccan men and even women veiled in burkas were seated around the smoky outdoor kitchen, we pulled up a chair and ordered as the excessive amount of food handlers continued to hawk their menu in European languages at every passing tourist. Round breads, dishes of spicy red sauce, and assorted olives in herbs all arrived before our main couscous plates.
The food: heaven. The bill: incorrect. And here is when we learned everything is not as it seems in Marrakesh. All the local Moroccans had one plate in front of them, the one they asked for. Our fanfare of distraction and deliciousness was billed separately, and the bread, sauce, and olives ended up costing the same as our entrees. These guys are professionals, but with food that good, it was hard to be angry.
Here's another bazaar trick:
Offer passersby free samples, stick it in their face, smile, chat them up, show them you're human, maybe flash a photo of family, ask where they're from—“Ah, America!”—invite them in—“Another taste, sir?”—stick it in their face, keep talking, never stop talking, speak their language, speak all languages, hint at deals, sell only in bulk—“Sorry sir, we cannot offer only one of each, it says so right here”—print policies and tape them to the wall, right next to your family portrait, never stop talking, scoop, bag, deliver—“Of course, I have change for you, sir”.
And before you know what happened, you just bought a bag of sweets when you're not even hungry and were searching for mint tea. I repeat: professionals.
From the hotel rooftop, I counted nine mosque towers. There were many, many more of course that I couldn't see…but could hear. Five times a day Muslim prayers were piped through loud speakers throughout the city, like a bomb warning system, only shrill and sung, with each tower belting a unique brand of worship at slightly off-beat tempos. One guy is guttural opera to your left while another is slow rapping for Mohammed in the adjacent tower. And you get used to it. One thing I noticed is that the great majority of Moroccans did nothing when this call to prayer erupted from all angles. Guess I should read up on the hows and whys.
Dirty and delish—US$1.20 for a half bread stuffed with mystery meat smothered in its own fat.
How many tourists have photographed this little girl?
Just Do it, Insha'Allah.
Vegetarian Rita with a ridiculously photogenic meat vendor. Rita is a Hungarian who lives in Vietnam, where we met last December during my whirlwind Asia tour. In Hanoi we attended the corny yet mesmerizing water puppet show, sped around town on her motorbike, drank drip coffee, slurped spicy pho, and realized in that way that comes so easy to travelers that we have a lot in common. My Morocco trip happened to align with her visit to Hungary and England, so with EasyJet's cheap routing from London, we jumped across the Gibraltar and spent a weekend in Marrakesh. Sometimes things just work out.
During yet another meal in Jemaa el-Fnaa square—sheep brains, to be exact—I engaged a Moroccan man seated nearby by asking what each food item was called in Arabic. Due to my limited French, the conversation quickly devolved into animated gestures and exaggerated pointing. Unfazed, the man continued in a mix of French and Arabic, smiling and pantomiming in graceful circular motions, his sleeves waving in the air, until he finally understood that my interest was not the mushy tissue in front of me, but the dark shredded meat on his plate, apparently also sheep.
Without hesitation, he grabbed a chunk, warned of the approach with a friendly feign, then airplaned meat directly into my mouth with his hand, the right one, the holy and clean one, not the watch- and ring-wrapped one pictured above. It was endearing, and tasty. This simple act of sharing spanned all communication problems like a bridge between us.
Fake snake charmers and chronically terrified cobras. Yes, this photo is cool. Yes, the men made pretty sounds on exotic drums and pushed punctuated notes from wooden flutes. But I felt horrible afterward for having contributed even a 10 Dirham coin (US$1.20) to their racket. This snake must have been recently caught because it still flinched and struck outwardly when provoked for a DSLR-yielding tourist's Facebook money shot. The others simply coiled up on the cement, ignoring the crowd and oblivious to all but the most invasive pokes from their owners, a complete and utter resignation of even their cold reptilian will to live.
The lentils equivalent of the bullet that killed Kennedy. Ninety-percent of my Moroccan meals came from food carts and temporary stalls. (Because this is where Moroccans eat). After years of poverty-level living and eating in Latin America I was convinced that my stomach was lined with an impenetrable layer of pixy dust that warded off evil bacteria. And this held true in Morocco…until these mutant lentils entered the mix. My stomach's battery acid eventually won the war, but it was a fine reminder that I should educate myself in belly triage before my next blitzkrieg in the territory of questionable African street food. A how-to bullet-proof your gut blog post, perhaps?
Because his mustache looked weak and puny compared to the bookseller's unapologetic, full-on beard.
The right place, at the right time…with the wrong camera. This shot could have been spectacular, but I hope you accept this grainy version the same way I accepted a handful of meat from a perfect stranger: as evidence that despite our vast visible and audible differences, our invisible common humanity is still stronger.
Normally I wouldn't end on such a sentimental note—I'm more of a realist than a romantic—but the Twin Towers and The War on Terror popped into tea conversations more than once. As Moroccans apologized on behalf of some crazy fundamentalist from another country or lit up with genuine assurance that my family was nowhere near Ground Zero, I couldn't help but want to wish away the death talk. Morocco is awake and vibrant, it has soul, and I wanted to focus on its aliveness, like how do you brew this amazing mint tea?
CLOSE Rick Schlesinger of the Milwaukee Brewers introduces new foods and beverages that will be at Miller Park in 2017. Michael Sears/Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Buy Photo Ryan Strnad at one of his billboard locations on N. Hawley Road at the intersection with W. Blue Mound Road. (Photo: Michael Sears, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel)Buy Photo
Milwaukee Brewers fans attending games at Miller Park should get their beer from vendors in the seats — and only there, argues longtime brew purveyor Ryan Strnad.
The in-seat beer vendor has bought two billboards near Miller Park cryptically promoting his recently created group called Drinks in the Seats.
While the billboards don't provide details beyond the name, a little more information is available online at drinksintheseats.org.
There, a mission statement says Drinks in the Seats seeks "to advocate consumers the importance of purchasing their alcoholic beverages from in-seat vendors while attending sporting events at their favorite stadiums. Most notably, the one in southeastern Wisconsin, that one with the roof."
Fair enough — a beer vendor hawking his wares. After all, some of the vendors' shticks are among the most-memorable parts of a baseball stadium experience.
But Strnad, a one-time unsuccessful Republican candidate for state Assembly, has broader ambitions for the organization, which he says is also a political action committee.
Strnad wants to end sales in the concourses because they cut into the sales of vendors like himself.
"We're past the point where we are thinking 'enough is enough,' " said Strnad who works in left field loge sections. "Sales in the concourses are hurting our sales."
It's fair to say the idea — and the billboards — have fallen flat with both his employer, Sportservice, the Brewers and some of his co-workers.
Some thirsty and thrifty fans might disagree with him, as well.
At the start of this season, the Brewers and Sportservice parent Delaware North Corp., announced a $20 million revamp of the Miller Park concessions. The new offerings include a large stand in right field dedicated to Wisconsin craft beers.
The new concessions have been well-received, said Ken Gaber, general manager for Delaware North Sportservice.
"We're here for the fans," he said, adding one goal of the new concession stands was "to shorten lines, and to shorten wait times."
NEWSLETTERS Get the NewsWatch Delivered newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Todays top news delivered to your inbox Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7103. Delivery: Mon - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for NewsWatch Delivered Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Overall, sales are up compared with previous years, Gaber said.
The Brewers had much the same to say when asked about Strnad's effort.
"Fan feedback is our ultimate report card, and we have been very pleased with the positive response to the reimagined concessions at Miller Park," said Rick Schlesinger, Brewers chief operating officer.
"The positive feedback extends to not only the quality and variety of offerings, but also the increased points of sale throughout Miller Park," Schlesinger said. "We welcome and appreciate suggestions from all of our stakeholders, including vendors, but customer satisfaction will always be our top priority."
Strnad said he has another frustration, beyond the spiffed up competition. On a per-ounce basis, it's cheaper to buy beer in the concourses.
"That has really been a factor in our sales," he said.
Although he's a steward for the union representing beer vendors, the Workers United SEIU, an affiliate of the Service Employees International Union, Drinks in the Seats is Strnad's personal effort. And it's basically only him. He's selling T-shirts through a website and at events like Mukwonago's Maxwell Street Days to help pay for the billboards.
Strnad said he plans to challenge the beer license for Sportservice, the company that employs him, when it comes up at City Hall in September. He wants an end of beer sales in the concourses — with the exception of the TGI Fridays restaurant — to be a condition of the license renewal.
"We'll be asking elected officials to intervene and stand up for the low and middle income workers" at Miller Park, Strnad said.
The jobs of some of his co-workers — those working in the concession stands — would be jeopardized in the unlikely event that city officials went along with him.
Strnad has stirred attention in the past. In 2014, he, along with the union, raised concerns about Sportservice plans to install two self-service beer vending machines, claiming they would steal business from the unionized workers. The machines never caught on, however, and were removed after a short time.
Strnad said he's aware that the broad goal of Drinks in the Seats is likely to be dead on arrival.
"To be honest, yes," he said. "But we have to start somewhere."
Read or Share this story: http://jsonl.in/2sCVlaP
tech2 News Staff
After tech giants such as Samsung, LG and Apple have prospered in the smartwatch department, luxury watchmaker Casio will now enter the smartwatch fray. The new watch will reportedly be launched in March next year in the US and Japan. The device will carry a price tag similar to that of the entry-level Apple Watch Sport, which starts at $349 (approximately Rs 22,100).
According to a report by The Wall Street Journal, Casio says that its product will be a watch that tries to be smart, rather than a smart device that is also a watch. Casio President Kazuhiro Kashio stated that the upcoming smartwatch will be aimed at the mass market, offering comfort and durability. He added that the goal of the device is to produce "a device that won't break easily, is simple to put on, and feels good to wear."
The Casio smartwatch will come equipped with features which have been seen previously on other smartwatches such as heart rate monitor along with schedule manager. Kashio added that, "at times we just showed off with quirky features and then pulled those products when they didn't sell well."
The report points out that Casio Computer is looking to enter the smartwatch fray, four decades after it introduced its first digital wristwatch. Kashio said that he had rejected various prototypes that did not meet his requirements, including an overly bulky phone watch.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Tell female staff when they've done a good job because women aren't as likely to blow their own trumpet, bosses told
Helen Fraser says men shout their successes while female workers don't
Girls' Day School Trust CEO tells of women's 'lost decades' between 30-50
In speech today she will call for quotas of women in company boardrooms
And she says discouragement, rather than babies, holds female staff back
Girls' Day School Trust CEO Helen Fraser will say today that bosses need to boost the confidence of female employees to help them fulfil their potential
Bosses should tell their women employees how good they are to give them the confidence to rise to the top, a girls' school leader will say today.
Helen Fraser, head of the Girls' Day School Trust (GDST), says talented women need to be told 'directly and to their face how good they are' if their managers want to keep them and get the most out of them.
In a speech at the trust's annual conference today, Mrs Fraser will tell heads and governors from its 26 schools and academies that the main problem for working women is 'discouragement', rather than 'babies'.
The GDST CEO says women currently suffer from 'two lost decades' between the ages of 30 and 50 when women are overtaken by men in the workplace, despite doing better than them at the start of their careers.
And she says teachers need to build girls' confidence and resilience to help them blow their own trumpets in the workplace and weather the tough times they will invariably encounter in the workplace.
Mrs Fraser will also call for female quotas in the boardroom, to counteract the 'old boys' network' that promotes only leaders who look and act like those currently in charge.
Speaking at the trust's 141st conference, she will highlight women's lack of confidence in the workplace as the key problem holding them back.
She says that typically, an employer would see a female employee: 'doing really fantastic work quietly in a corner, thinking to herself "Someone will notice, someone will notice", and feeling that it would somehow be undignified to jump on her desk and say "Look at the amazing solution to this problem I have just come up with".
'But the terrible truth is that no one does notice – they are just too busy – and there may be a young man a couple of desks along who has come up with something equally good, who does wave his hands in the air and tell everyone how clever he has been.
'And guess who catches the chief executive's eye?'
Fraser cites high-flying mothers like Pearson CEO Marjorie Scardino, left, and fund manager Nicola Horlick
Mrs Fraser says employers also need to make sure their female staff feel appreciated.
She will tell delegates today that: 'A good boss – of either sex – who takes the time and trouble to tell a young woman employee that she is doing well and has done some terrific work can make all the difference.
'Of course both sexes need validation, but I would say that companies that want to get the most out of their young women employees, want them to fulfil their potential and stay on through babies or otherwise to rise to the top, should look very carefully at their appraisal process, and should make sure that talented women are told directly and to their face how good they are.
'A validated woman employee will go far.'
Mrs Fraser will also call for compulsory quotas for women on company boards in the UK, as a temporary rather than permanent measure.
'Companies... should make sure that talented women are told directly and to their face how good they are.'
- Helen Fraser, Girls' Day School Trust CEO
She says: 'With the possible exception of boardroom quotas, I believe we've probably gone as far as necessary in terms of legislating for equality.'
'As a pragmatist I am very much in favour of "what works", and it is clear to me that quotas for women would make a big difference in a short space of time.
'I don't think this would need to be a permanent measure, but a short-term one until the representation of women reaches a tipping point.'
Women currently make up less than 20 per cent of directors of FTSE100 companies, and the vast majority of these are non-executive directors.
And while two-thirds of those entering the legal profession are women, they only make up 16 per cent of High Court judges.
Citing high-flying mothers such as mother-of-three Pearson CEO Marjorie Scardino and mother-of-six fund manager Nicola Horlick, Mrs Fraser will say: 'You sometimes hear the excuse, "But they all go off and have babies". That's not the real issue, and it's just that, an excuse – we need to look deeper, at what's really holding women back.
'We need to look at what society is doing that is holding women back – from a long hours culture in too many workplaces to an old boys' network that only likes to promote individuals who look, speak and think like the current leadership.'
The schools leader, whose group includes leading schools like Putney High, Bath's Royal High, and Wimbledon High, has always been an ardent advocate of high-achieving women.
Mrs Fraser, 64, who has two daughters of her own and two step-daughters, has spoken before of the 'nappy wall' rather than the 'glass ceiling' that threatens women in the workplace.
A man was taken to hospital after he was hit in the eye by bullet fragments at a southern Manitoba bonfire over the Canada Day long weekend.
The incident happened at a campground south of Austin, Man., at about 4 a.m. on July 2, RCMP said.
Mounties said five people were at a campfire when a 21-year-old man from North Norfolk, Man., started throwing .22- calibre shells into the fire.
One of the bullets exploded and some fragments struck a 23-year-old Swan Lake, Man., man in the eye, RCMP said.
He was taken to hospital and released later that day. Police were not sure how serious the man's injury was.
A suspect was arrested but no charges have been laid yet.
Alcohol was involved in the incident, RCMP said.
Austin, Man., is about 130 km west of Winnipeg.
GEDDES, N.Y. -- In less than 30 seconds, the 38-year-old grandstand concert venue at the New York State Fairgrounds imploded into a massive pile of rubble and dust.
The push of a ceremonial plunger ignited 268 explosives at 260 different locations on the grandstand, sending more than 5 million pounds of steel and concrete crashing to the ground.
Controlled Demolition, Inc. of Phoenix, Maryland carried out the implosion about 10 minutes after the scheduled time of 1:20 p.m. The structure's steel skeleton crumpled in on itself, making a safe, working level for total wrecking.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Onondaga County Executive Joanie Mahoney attended the event and pushed the plunger together, along with a small group of friends.
"That was serious!" Cuomo exclaimed, after watching the implosion.
The sun peeked out for a moment as Cuomo and Mahoney gathered around the plunger. Ten minutes after the implosion, it started to rain.
"We really appreciate what the state is doing to make investments so this can be more of a year-round attraction for people," said Mahoney on Friday. "I think we've seen it is a great facility but it can be even bigger and better."
Controlled Demolition, Inc. coordinated with police, fire departments and the CSX Railroad Company to make sure no people or trains would be within 1,000 feet of the implosion.
An Amtrak train whizzed past the grandstand at 12:53 p.m.
Thom Doud, project manager for Controlled Demolition, Inc., said on Friday the implosion would be lower than 140 decibels, about as loud as the montage of a fireworks show. For comparison, a motorcycle hits about 100 dB and loud rock concert reaches about 115 dB.
Twitter lit up with CNY locals in Fayetteville, North Syracuse and Baldwinsville saying they heard the booms.
About 500 people watched the implosion from the Brown Lot at the NYS Fairgrounds, across State Fair Boulevard.
"It's right to involve the public and have them be part of this," said Department of Agriculture and Markets Commissioner Richard Ball on Friday. "We all have memories here and we'll have new memories here. This is our fairgrounds."
Before the implosion, Cuomo announced he wanted to spend $200 million revitalizing Upstate New York's airports.
Cuomo went on to say the state fair is a great institution, but parts of it were "not competitive anymore."
"The truth is it needs advancement," said Cuomo. "It has not had the kind of investment it should have had over the years."
He said the grandstand brings a great sense of nostalgia, but the state would have had to invest a lot of money to make it safe and competitive to bring big acts to Syracuse. He said he viewed the new, "state of the art" Lakeview Amphitheater as a big step forward for the New York State Fairgrounds.
What's next for the site?
An estimated 2,500 tons (5 million lbs.) of concrete and 150 gross tons (350,000 lbs.) of steel will be cleared out in the coming months.
Mark Astheimer, project executive of Gilbane Building Company in Syracuse, said they hope to have the demolition wrapped up by early March.
Total Wrecking & Environmental LLC, based in the Town of Tonawanda, north of Buffalo, is the prime contractor responsible for the demolition. The firm hired Controlled Demolition, Inc. to carry out the implosion.
Heather Groll at the New York State Office of General Services said Total Wrecking & Environmental solicited bids from three implosion companies for the grandstand. Two companies provided bids in the time frame given. The third company did not provide a bid. CDI was the low bidder.
After the implosion is deemed to be complete and safe, the site will be turned over to Total Wrecking & Environmental to complete the other work with the demolitions contract. This will end CDI's contractual obligations.
The demolition of the grandstand comes as part of a major renovation at the fairgrounds.
Groll said the implosion cost the state $230,000.
NYS Fair concerts will be moved to the new Lakeview Amphitheater and an RV park will replace the grandstand area.
Katrina Tulloch writes features and entertainment stories for Syracuse.com and The Post-Standard. Contact her: Email | Twitter | Facebook
16 days with free admission to state parks, historic sites in Upstate NY in 2016
Justin Trudeau's first major foray into election giveaways has a number of positive attributes.
The tax cut he proposed Monday, coupled with a richer child benefit, is simple, straightforward and easy to understand. Everyone thought Prime Minister Stephen Harper had (once again) been deviously clever in engineering his own child-care plan so that nice juicy cheques would start arriving in the mail in mid-summer, just as the October election campaign gets going. Now the Liberal leader can counter that his cheques would be even fatter, and come with fewer strings attached. Under Trudeau's plan you don't have to be in the middle class to get a cheque. You just have to aspire to it. A family with three kids and earnings of $45,000 would see a 33% jump in income under the plan.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
Everyone can understand a tax cut and cheques in the mail. Nonetheless, the Liberal proposal isn't the ticket to Sussex Drive they may have hoped. In throwing money at two important voting groups, they've reduced their ability to cozy up to others. Liberal strategists must have spent many hours calculating whether they would create enough winners with Monday's offering to offset the losers they would be creating – and upsetting – at the same time.
Foremost among these may be seniors. There are a lot of seniors in Canada. Not only do they tend to be well-versed and attentive when it comes to politics, but they turn out to vote in large numbers. The Conservatives knew exactly what they were doing when they pledged to double the maximum contribution to tax-free savings accounts, which appeal strongly to seniors. Overall, two-thirds of Canadians say they support the TFSA plan; among seniors that is especially so.
To finance his child-care plan, Trudeau has to cancel the TFSA proposal, which won't play well at all among late-stage boomers in the 55 + age group. They don't have small children, they managed to raise families without Justin Trudeau's help, and they're worried about having enough to live on as they age. Having the millionaire trust-fund son of Pierre Trudeau snatch away a popular savings plan may remind a lot of people of the elder Trudeau's ill-received question to Saskatchewan farmers: “Why should I sell your wheat?” And why should his son fund their retirements?
On Monday Trudeau said he'd jettison two expensive Conservative proposals: the TFSA increase, and income-splitting for families. He'd use all the money that saves to fund his tax cut and child benefit. Unless he finds something else to cancel, there's no money left for other goodies, despite all the markers he's laid down since becoming leader two years ago. While careful to make no firm commitments, Trudeau has portrayed his Liberals as the caring face of Canada, the ones who would funnel money to municipalities, spread infrastructure projects across the land, eliminate the squeeze on health care and foster a new world of environmental protection.
He also held himself out as the champion of retirees. In an October speech to the Canadian Association of Retired Persons, he decried the “mean-spirited” Conservatives and their “attacks on seniors”. He vowed to “work with the provinces” to “enhance” the Canada Pension Plan, code for increasing the payout to retirees. He also declared that “Canadians need to save more now,” to ensure dignity and security in the later years. Yet he's now committed to cancel a popular savings plan, and made no mention Monday of his CPP promise.
Where's the money to come from? Having already promised a “soak the rich” tax to finance his tax cut, despite previously promising not to raise taxes, he can't go back down that road without risking dire consequences. There are always places to save money: defence procurement is one area crying out for someone to take away the credit card. But each cutback produces new dangers from powerful interest groups, and the Liberals have particular baggage to worry about when it comes to starving the military.
There are still six months to the election, and the Liberals say there are more announcements to come. No doubt there will be goodies for seniors somewhere in the package. They question will be how they propose to pay for whatever comes next, while sticking by their commitment to maintain a balanced budget. If every new promise means cancelling someone else's benefit, it will be a delicate balancing act to maintain.
National Post
KellyMcParland<
Kodansha Comics revealed on Sunday that the upcoming anime film adaptation Tsutomu Nihei's Blame! manga will be a Netflix Original film. The film will premiere in 2017. The film's official site had streamed a trailer on Saturday.
Nihei and film director Hiroyuki Seshita were in attendance at the "Spotlight on Tsutomu Nihei" panel at Comic Con International in San Diego on Saturday, and Nihei discussed the film, saying that he drew a lot of new sketches for the film's development. He also showed a key character (pictured below) whose appearance is dramatically changed from the manga version that Nihei drew (the original manga ran from 1997-2003). Nihei said regarding the change, "it's largely because I didn't have the skill to draw characters like this back then." Nihei added that for even those who have read the manga, they will notice some changes from the manga in the new sketches that Nihei drew.
Nihei was presented with the Comic-Con International Inkpot award, which awards "individuals for their contributions to the worlds of comics, science fiction/fantasy, film, television, animation, and fandom services." Other Japanese recipients of the award include Osamu Tezuka, Hayao Miyazaki, Monkey Punch, and Moto Hagio, among others.
Thanks to Deb Aoki for the news tip and images.
As women, we make a lot of New Year's resolutions -- "lose 10 pounds" and "finally write that novel" and "lose 10 pounds -- seriously." But this year, the two of us (that's HuffPost's Arianna Huffington and Glamour's Cindi Leive) are suggesting you make a New Year's resolution that could improve the status of all women in this country, starting with you. No, we're not talking about universal child care or even banning Tiger Woods from ever texting again. If you ask us, the next feminist issue is sleep. And in order for women to get ahead in this country, we're all going to have to lie down and take a nap.
Stay with us here for a minute. Americans are increasingly sleep-deprived, and the sleepiest people are, you guessed it, women. Single working women and working moms with young kids are especially drowsy: They tend to clock in an hour and a half shy of the roughly 7.5-hour minimum the human body needs to function happily and healthfully. Cindi admits that between her work, her two young children and her wicked TV addiction, she averages only five and a bit; as for Arianna, she had a rude (and painful) awakening two years ago when she passed out from exhaustion, broke her cheekbone and got five stitches over her eye. Ever since then, she's been working on bringing more balance, and more sleep, into her life­ with varying degrees of success.
"Women are significantly more sleep-deprived than men," confirms Michael Breus, Ph.D., author of Beauty Sleep: Look Younger, Lose Weight, and Feel Great Through Better Sleep. "They have so many commitments, and sleep starts to get low on the totem pole. They may know that sleep should be a priority, but then, you know, they've just got to get that last thing done. And that's when it starts to get bad."
Does it ever! You probably already know about the health consequences of sleep deprivation, how cheating your body out of the R&R it needs can make you more prone to illness, stress, traffic accidents and even weight gain. (Dr. Breus swears that sleeping will actually do more to take off weight than exercise! Love that.)
But there's more to it than simple physical problems. Rob yourself of sleep, ladies, and you'll find you never function at your personal best. Work decisions, relationship challenges, any life situation that requires you to know your own mind -- they all require the judgment, problem-solving and creativity that only a rested brain is capable of and are all handled best when you bring to them the creativity and judgment that are enhanced by sleep. "Everything you do, you'll do better with a good night's sleep," says Dr. Breus. Yet women who constantly push themselves to get by on less never know what that "peak performance" feels like.
A nation of sleepy women is even less capable of greatness. Consider the fact that sleep deprivation is a strategy many cults are fond of: They force prospective members to stay awake for extended periods, up for all hours because doing so physically alters their subjects' decision-making ability and makes them more open to persuasion. Ladies, the choice is ours. Do we want to be empowered women taking charge of our lives -- or do we want to be cult members, dragging ourselves around like zombies and going along with everyone else's crummy ideas?
We're saying no to the zombie side of things and, as of January 4, resolving to get a full night's sleep every night for a month. Cindi's going for seven and a half hours (that's Dr. Breus' recommended minimum, since it allows for a healthy round of five 90-minute sleep cycles); Arianna's choosing eight (arrived through trial and error as the number of hours it takes for her to be at her most creative and effective and have the most fun while being creative and effective).
Getting a good night's sleep, of course, is easier said than done. You have to tune out a host of temptations, from Letterman to the PTA to your e-mail inbox -- and most of all, to ignore the workaholic wisdom that says you're lazy for not living up to the example set by Madonna, Martha Stewart and other notorious self-professed never-sleepers. Of course, the truth is the opposite: You'll be much more likely to be a professional powerhouse if you're not asleep at the wheel. (Even Bill Clinton, who used to famously get only five hours of sleep, later admitted, "Every important mistake I've made in my life, I've made because I was too tired." Huh! ) The problem is that women often feel that they still don't "belong" in the boys-club atmosphere that still dominates many workplaces. So they often attempt to compensate by working harder and longer than the next guy. Hard work helps women fit in and gain a measure of security. And because it works, they begin to do more and more and more of it until they can't stop. But it's a Pyrrhic victory: The workaholism leads to lack of sleep, which in turn leads to never being able to do your best. In fact, many women do this on purpose, fueled by the mistaken idea that getting enough sleep means you must be lazy or less than passionate about your work and your life.
In fact, we may be surprised to find out that if we sleep more, we become more powerful. After all, we've already broken glass ceilings in Congress, space travel, sports, business and the media -- just imagine what we can do when we're fully awake.
Inspired? Then join our one-month sleep challenge. We'll be blogging on glamour.com and the Huffington Post every Monday and Thursday about how our quest for more sleep is going. You'll get tips from health experts like Dr. Michael Breus and answers to some of your own personal questions about how to work more sleep into your life. But most of all, you'll have a New Year's resolution that's fun and fulfilling to stick to -- and a built-in answer to anyone who says, "You're going to sleep now?" Sure you are -- Glamour and the Huffington Post told you to! G'night, ladies. Sweet dreams.
More From Glamour:
How to Dress 10 Pounds Thinner
That's So 2010: 7 Beauty Trends That'll Be Big This Year
Enter To Win A Vera Wang By Serta Bridal Bed And Agent Provocateur Pajamas!
Photo by Dan Hallman.
Cheesesteaks and Jersey have not always been perfect together.
Apart from South Jersey, of course, where Chick's, Gaetano's, Donkey's Place and others serve steaks equal to — or better than — the Philly cheesesteak legends.
Now comes Garden Steak NJ Cheesesteak Co. in New Brunswick, and if you're expecting staid steak sandwiches, you're in the wrong place.
Sure, you can get one with American cheese and onions, but why not explore the cheesesteak outer limits with the Grover Cleveland (beef, pork belly, cheese sauce and pepperoni), the Buzz Aldrin (habanero cheese sauce, mac and cheese, bacon) or the Jersey Shore (white American, avocado, lettuce, tomato, raw onion, chipotle mayo).
The dizzying menu choices should come as no surprise to followers of the equally envelope-pushing Destination Dogs, which formerly occupied the space; the owners of DD, including Sean Hasty and Jimmy Cronk, have shares in Garden Steak.
"It's a really good niche no one's doing," explains Wayne Mascola, manager and co-owner of Garden Steak. "You can't get a good cheesesteak in Central Jersey. You can go to a pizzeria and get a frozen puck of meat or a Steak-Umm."
Garden Steak's choice of meat is strip loin. Rib eye may be more popular in cheesesteaks, but Mascola and company found strip loin packs more flavor.
My opinion? These are better steak sandwiches than pretty much anything you'll find on the Jersey boardwalk (if one more person raves about legendary Midway Steak House in Seaside Heights, I will scream).
I tried five steaks — a plain (no cheese) with raw onions and roasted pepper; the Grover Cleveland; Harry's Original (provolone and grilled onions); the Jersey Devil (habanero cheese sauce, onion, avocado, pickled jalapeño, cherry pepper relish) and the Raritan Center (goat cheese, curry steak, onion, zucchini, steak sauce).
Only the Raritan Center didn't work — curry, I quickly discovered, doesn't belong on a cheesesteak. Goat cheese? Give it a chance.
The other four steaks rocked, especially the Grover Cleveland and my roasted pepper/raw onion/no cheese combo.
There are 17 cheesesteaks on the menu, all with some Jersey connection; you can also custom-make your own with the selection of cheeses, toppings and sauces. All steaks run from $7.50 to $9. You can get chicken cheesesteaks, too.
One thing you won't find at Garden Steak — Cheez Whiz, that Philly cheesesteak standard. Garden Steak uses a cheese sauce made from five cheeses, including Monterey jack, cheddar and American.
Nope, this isn't your average cheesesteak joint. There's also cheesesteak and potato soup; chili; mac and cheese; and house-cut french fries.
My only quibble: the bread. It's not substantial enough; the meat and cheese and juices made a flimsy roll even flimsier. Upgrade the bread, and there'd be no reason to head to the nearest boardwalk.
Garden Steak opened in early December, so Rutgers students haven't had much of a chance to discover and evaluate it.
I'll say this: You won't find a steak sandwich like Garden Steak's on any of the infamous Rutgers grease trucks, now scattered to the campus winds.
Garden Steak NJ Cheesesteak Co., 9 Spring St., New Brunswick. (732) 993-0202, gardensteaknj.com. Hours: 11:30 a.m. to 10 p.m. Mondays through Thursdays; 11:30 a.m. to 2 a.m. Fridays and Saturdays; closed Sundays.
After concluding a stunning 57-hour mission, the Philae comet lander has gone dark as its solar-charged batteries power down. The batteries may recharge when the comet makes another pass towards the sun, but for now the lander remains silent. Philae landed near a shady cliff making the possibility of recharging unlikely.
Philae launched from Earth with the Rosetta satellite in 2004. The satellite and lander covered 6.5 billion miles to meet up with Comet 67P near Jupiter's orbit. Last Wednesday, Philae made its landing on Comet 67P, making a dramatic and exciting mission a success. It took two bounces to complete a successful landing, although Philae's solar panels were not positioned to receive as much sun exposure as planned, leading to the current power-down.
This is the first time a space organization successfully landed a probe on a comet. When it was apparent that the lander was not receiving the expected amount of sunlight, engineers sent a command to shift its position to maximize time to collect and send data. The adjustment raised Philae by four centimeters and rotated it by 35 percent.
Even with the Philae comet lander going dark, scientists are impressed with the probe and the data it collected. “Prior to falling silent, the lander was able to transmit all science data gathered during the First Science Sequence,” stated Stephan Ulamec, landing manager.”This machine performed magnificently under tough conditions and we can be fully proud of the incredible scientific success Philae has delivered.”
Professor Mark McCaughrean, senior scientific advisor to the European Space Agency, also spoke to the durability of the small washing machine-sized probe. “All the scientific instruments on board have done all the work they were supposed to do so we have huge amounts of data back on the ground now, which is very exciting.”
The probe collected the data by drilling 10 inches into Comet 67P's surface and analyzing the samples. Bringing a sample into Philae for analysis was the core goal of its mission. It also took several pictures of its landing and of the comet's surface.
There is no direct knowledge of the probe's position on the comet, but scientists are using triangulation to find the precise spot. Knowing the landing location could help determine if the probe is accessible to sunlight and could possibly be fully recharged once again. Ulamec said that they still hope that at a later stage of the mission, perhaps when the comet comes nearer to the Sun, that there might be enough solar illumination to re-establish communication.
It is believed that comets are the earliest remnants of the creation of the solar system. Some comets are estimated to be around 4.6 billion years old and their core material of rock, minerals and ice can contain the earliest organic molecules. Examining the data from Comet 67P may reveal new information regarding the beginnings of the solar system. Even as the Philae Comet Lander goes dark, the Rosetta satellite will continue to observe the comet from space.
By: Jocelyn Mackie
Sources:
Reuters
BBC
USA Today
Smithsonian.com
Feature Photo by ESA-C. Carreau/ATG media lab – Flickr License
Main Photo by DLR German Aerospace Center – Flickr License
peach cobbler smoothie
Here is a twist on Peach Cobbler in the form of a protein packed peach smoothie, with sugar-free protein powder, oats and cinnamon. Only 185 calories per serving, 21 grams protein and 4 grams of sugar! It's a great breakfast, mini meal or workout recovery snack.
Every month I have been making up a new smoothie of the month for the gym where I teach Body Pump. We started with the Vanilla Green Protein Smoothie {which thanks to Buzzfeed has taken on a new life here online too.} Then we moved on to the Mango Antioxidant and June was Strawberries and Cream. The month of July is all about stone fruit, so I decided to highlight peaches in the smoothie of the month.
I'd been seeing a lot of smoothies online with oats, and clients at my gym were asking if any of our smoothies had oats in them, so I figured this was a great opportunity to experiment with them. It's kind of a twist on the super popular overnight oats like my Blood Orange Creamsicle Overnight Oats or this fun gluten-free version Strawberries and Cream Overnight Oats by Gluten-Free Palate.
I decided to make this smoothie with the flavors of Peach Cobbler. The creamy vanilla and peach with a subtle oat flavor is great on its own, but it's really that pinch of cinnamon that really makes it taste like peach cobbler.
I added in sugar-free vanilla whey protein powder that we sell at our gym. It comes from grass-fed cows, and has a really nice vanilla flavor. It's sweetened with stevia, which I normally don't like, but it is not too much and the natural sugars in the fruit in the smoothie make the stevia taste better. I realize that most of you all already have a protein powder that you like, so just use the one that you like best. I know there are even some hemp proteins out there that I seriously need to get off my duff to try more of.
These have about 21 grams of protein per serving, and 4 grams of fiber. So you should feel pretty full and satisfied when you drink one. I am more one to graze and or eat 5 mini meals a day, so this certainly counts as a mini meal for me. And since we're on this protein snack kick, don't miss checking out this super awesome Paleo Protein Bars recipe by Food Faith Fitness.
Question:
Do you ever put oats in a smoothie?
Do you eat lots of mini meals?
Thank you for reading. If you're new here you may want to sign up for my email list or follow me on facebook to keep up with the latest posts.
peach cobbler smoothie Prep Time: Prep Time: 5 minutes
Total Time: Total Time: 5 minutes
Yield: Yield: 1 serving Print Pin Description A healthy high-protein smoothie inspired by Peach Cobbler, with oats and cinnamon. Ingredients 1 cup unsweetened almond milk
½ or 1 scoop Vanilla Protein Powder *see note
2/3 cup frozen peaches
2 tablespoons quick cooking rolled oats {gluten-free if desired}
Generous pinch cinnamon Instructions Puree almond milk, protein powder, peaches, oats and cinnamon until smooth, 45 seconds to 1 minute. Notes* Use one serving of the protein powder that you are using according to the label. Nutrition Serving Size: 2 cups
Calories: 185
Fat: 3
Fiber: 4
Protein: 21
You may also like these from the archives.
Skinny Chocolate Recovery Shake
Pear Avocado and Honey Smoothie
Vanilla Green Protein Smoothie
Healthy Winter Smoothies
Green Apple Smoothie {Vegan, GF and Paleo}
Monkeylada Smoothie {raw vegan}
Peach Recovery Smoothie
Green Mountain Smoothie
WASHINGTON -- Many recent controversial police shootings could have been avoided, even though they may have been legally justifiable, according to a report issued by a top law enforcement organization this week.
The Police Executive Research Forum, a research and policy group whose members include commanders from the largest U.S. police departments, said officers generally receive far too little training in de-escalating conflict and often are embedded in a culture that encourages them to rapidly resort to physical force.
Many recent high-profile police shootings have been legally justified, but there are sometimes "missed opportunities to ratchet down the encounter, to slow things down, to call in additional resources," Chuck Wexler, executive director of the group, wrote in the report.
It's no wonder. Disengagement and patience, the report found, are "sometimes seen as antithetical" to traditional police culture.
"Some officers, with the best intentions, think that their job is to go into a situation, take charge of it, and resolve it as quickly as you can," Wexler wrote. "Sometimes there is a feeling of competitiveness about it. If an officer slows a situation down and calls for assistance, there is sometimes a feeling that other responding officers will think, 'What, you couldn't handle this yourself?'"
The study found that many police agencies give officers extensive training on how to shoot a gun, but officers spend "much less time" learning the "importance of de-escalation tactics and Crisis Intervention strategies for dealing with mentally ill persons, homeless persons, and other challenging situations."
Police Executive Research Forum
Wexler said it may be difficult for many police officials to accept that things "need to change dramatically." He said the Police Executive Research Forum "is known for not being afraid to question the conventional thinking," and a critical look at tactics "is how we have made progress in policing history."
There has been a "fundamental change in how the American people view the issue of police use of force" since protests in Ferguson last year, Wexler wrote. Videos, he said, have played a big role in that shift.
SACRAMENTO (CBS13) – A local social gaming company has been acquired by one of the largest video game publishers in the world.
Midtown Sacramento-based KlickNation has been acquired by entertainment giant Electronic Arts (EA) and will be renamed BioWare Sacramento, joining a new business unit focused on social, online gaming, the company announced in a press release Thursday.
KlickNation had experienced rapid growth within the past year, hiring dozens of new employees and launching a number of games that have attracted millions of players through Facebook. The success of the company stood in stark contrast to the rest of the Sacramento hiring market, which has seen thousands of jobs lost in recent years.
The terms of the acquisition wasn't made available Thursday afternoon.
BioWare is a division of EA that focuses on role-playing, strategy, and massively multiplayer online (MMO) games that has produced games like the Mass Effect series and the upcoming game Star Wars: The Old Republic.
EA recently released another edition of the Battlefield franchise and earned $3.6 billion in revenue in the 2011 fiscal year.
React Native & iPhone X
Nader Dabit Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 6, 2017
Easily update and create iPhone X layouts with SafeAreaView
In version 0.50.1, the React Native team introduced a new API for easily dealing with the new iPhone X layout. This API is the SafeAreaView.
With SafeAreaView, you can easily update your existing codebase to be integrated with the iPhone X without a lot of headache.
Here's how you can use it:
import {
...
SafeAreaView
} from 'react-native';
class Main extends React.Component {
render() {
return (
<SafeAreaView style={styles.safeArea}>
<App />
</SafeAreaView>
)
}
}
const styles = StyleSheet.create({
...,
safeArea: {
flex: 1,
backgroundColor: '#ddd'
}
})
What has worked for me for existing apps is to just set some background color that works well with your existing app design, in the above example that is a light gray, and flex: 1 . We then just wrap the top level UI component of our app in the SafeAreaView and we're good to go.
As you can see in the above screenshots, it already has some integration with React Navigation!
If you cannot upgrade to a newer version of React Native, there is also a JS only version that is available as an npm module, react-native-safe-area-view.
If you want to learn more, check out this article by Raúl Gómez Acuña.
My Name is Nader Dabit . I am a Developer Advocate at AWS Mobile working with projects like AppSync and Amplify, and the founder of React Native Training.
If you like React and React Native, checkout out our podcast — React Native Radio on Devchat.tv.
Also, check out my book, React Native in Action now available from Manning Publications
If you enjoyed this article, please recommend and share it! Thanks for your time
It's insane to think that nearly five months after the True Detective Season 2 casting news started, HBO has still only officially confirmed two members of the cast: Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn. If you've been impatient to learn if rumored cast members Taylor Kitsch and Rachel McAdams will round out the cast, you are not alone.
In an interview with AdWeek today, Kitsch confirmed he's on board the project. But with HBO still being coy, the magazine added this editorial note: “For the record from sources involved in the negotiations: the deal is close, but not complete.” Kitsch went on to confess that he was just as frustrated about the lengthy casting process as you were. Probably a little more so:
Yeah, I'm really excited. I've just been prepping. It's been almost a full year since I've been on camera, so I'm itching, man. I'm overdue. You've just got to grind it out. Even taking this year off was, I mean you want to work, but you also don't want to just water it down and work for the sake of working. So, it was tough to sit a year out, keeping a finger crossed that I was going to get True.
After Kitsch burst on the scene in 2006 on NBC's critically beloved teen drama Friday Night Lights, the Canadian-born actor was welcomed by Hollywood with open arms, but after a string less-than-stellar box office returns on Kitsch-led films like John Carter, Battleship, and Savages, his cinematic leading man status has been put on hold. Kitsch's eagerness to get back to work is understandable when you compare 2012, where he had four films in the theater, to 2014, where he only gave one (very well-received!) performance in HBO's TV movie Normal Heart. Kitsch's rapid rise and fall reads like a highly condensed version of Matthew McConaughey's ten-year hiatus from critical acclaim. Or maybe that's just the unavoidable tendency to connect both McConaughey and Kitsch with Texas talking. Seeing what True Detective helped accomplish for McConaughey no doubt played a part in Kitsch's enthusiasm for the project.
Yeah, I mean it was just showing a lot of patience on my end and turning a lot of stuff down because I wanted to be a part of it. And having this meeting with Nic Pizzolatto, it kind of brought me back to when I was here in New York and why I wanted to be a actor, why you struggle and why you don't quit. And when we're talking, I mean he's obviously incredibly smart and passionate, so that rubs off. And you're just excited to go now. I can't fucking wait to hit camera. So I'm excited. I loved that first season of it so much. It's just unlike anything I've seen in, you know, I don't know when. And it was so grounded. It could really happen. This is very similar, and I love that. It makes it more relatable. It makes these guys more real. Nowadays, it takes fucking balls to stand by that and do it that way.
Is that Kitsch's Tim Riggins-esque way of telling us it will be worth the wait? I think it is.
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
Superjail! is back on a parole violation, and ready to shake your senses silly with six brand-new episodes that will have you thanking your lucky stars for life on the outside.
In Superjail!'s fourth season, the Warden's promenade of death-prone prisoners will fall victim to countless animated atrocities -- from hellfire to space sickness; from spiteful skies to rampaging redneck lizards; from frightening fairy tales to the terrors of tobacco withdrawal -- and every possible act of ultra-violence in between.
Executive producers Christy Karacas (Daria, Robotomy) and Stephen Warbrick (Beavis and Butt-head, Celebrity Deathmatch) have teamed up once again to unleash Superjail!'s unique brand of sense-scrambling animation on the masses. This disturbingly popular animated series is produced at Titmouse, Inc. in New York City.
Also returning is David Wain, (Childrens Hospital, Role Models, Wet Hot American Summer) who stars as the Warden: Superjail! 's whimsical, Wonka-esque purveyor of cool and unusual punishment.
Superjail! season 4 premieres Sunday, June 15th at 11:45 p.m. (ET/PT) on Adult Swim.
Source: Adult Swim
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Republican Rep. Lynn Westmoreland of Georgia has refused to apologize for calling Barack and Michelle Obama uppity. He has released a statement claiming that he has never heard the term uppity used in a racial way. He is from Georgia, and has never heard the term used that way. Does anybody buy this?
“Honestly, I've never paid that much attention to Michelle Obama,” Westmoreland said to CQ Politics. “Just what little I've seen of her and Senator [Barack] Obama, is that they're a member of an elitist class…that thinks that they're uppity.”
Westmoreland defended his use of the term in a statement, “I've never heard that term used in a racially derogatory sense. It is important to note that the dictionary definition of ‘uppity' is ‘affecting an air of inflated self-esteem —- snobbish.' That's what we meant by uppity when we used it in the mill village where I grew up.”
Technically, his dictionary definition is correct. However words also take on a social context and meaning. The dictionary also gives an example of how this term is used, “But maybe also these midwives are just getting too uppity and need to learn their place.” We all know that this is what Westmoreland was really saying. Barack and Michelle Obama need to learn their place. In this context, he was implying the Obamas are black people with money who think that they are better than what they are.
Believe it or not, Lynn Westmoreland is seriously considering a run for governor in 2010. These are the kind of comments that can derail a gubernatorial campaign before it ever starts. His remark was shameful, but it goes to show that race is still a factor in this campaign. Should Obama win this election, comments such as Westmoreland's, are evidence of why his victory will be so historic and important.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Mark Zuckerberg is watching you. Facebook really is watching your every move online.
In testing out a new diagnostic tool called Abine DNT+, we noticed that Facebook has more than 200 "trackers" watching our internet activity.
Abine defines trackers as "a request that a webpage tries to make your browser perform that will share information intended to record, profile, or share your online activity." The trackers come in the shape of cookies, Javascript, 1-pixel beacons, and Iframes.
For example, cookies are tiny bits of software that web pages drop onto your device that identify you anonymously but nonetheless signal useful behavior about your background interests to advertisers who might want to target you. Facebook uses these types of cookies to activate the "like" buttons on other websites.
Critics call this spying. Advertisers call it targeting. That's how advertisers use Facebook to figure out when you're pregnant.
In an email to Business Insider, Abine privacy analyst Sarah Downey explained why users should pay more attention to trackers, and block them:
In addition to invading your privacy, these tracking requests can consume large amounts of data. And transferring lots of data takes time. Generally, the more tracking requests on a website, the slower that website loads. That's why DNT+ gets you surfing at 125% of the normal speed and with 90% of the bandwidth, compared to a browser without DNT+ running.
Equipped with this insight, an inquisitive Facebook user might be wondering why they wouldn't block all trackers and cookies alike. The Facebook page cautions:
Technologies like cookies, pixel tags ("pixels"), and local storage are used to deliver, secure, and understand products, services, and ads, on and off Facebook. Your browser or device may allow you to block these technologies, but you may not be able to use some features on Facebook if you block them.
Not all cookies are used for tracking or for other purposes, such as those used for Facebook's "like" button. Many are simply placed in order to store information for later use. But it is the broader scope of "requests" that present the larger issue. In simple terms, Downey explained that when you navigate to a website, your browser constructs that site by communicating back and forth with the server where the site information is stored. These communications are the "requests."
But it isn't just the website you are visiting that makes requests for information: online trackers from other companies hidden on the site do it, too. They act as third parties on your computer: you can't see them without privacy software, you probably wouldn't expect them to be present, and you probably don't intend to share your information with them.
They request information like your geographic location, which other sites you've visited, what you click, and your Facebook username.
In terms of what the "requests" represent, Facebook declined to comment because, in the company's opinion, the requests do not mean much unless you can see exactly what they are and how they are being used. Facebook's entire site is run off of JavaScript and other such tags that have an array of purposes other than tracking.
So, we set out to see just how much Facebook is watching our internet browsing activity. Using the Abine software, we tracked to what extent Facebook trackers increased for each new click. We started by cleaning out the browser cache and search history, and then went about using the browser like it was the start of a typical work day ...
A Quebec woman who stopped her car on a highway to help a group of ducklings has been found guilty of causing the deaths of a motorcyclist and his teenage daughter who crashed into her parked car.
A jury found Emma Czornobaj, 25, guilty on Friday of two counts of criminal negligence causing death and two counts of dangerous driving causing death.
Criminal negligence causing death carries a maximum life sentence while the charge of dangerous driving causing death carries a maximum of 14 years in jail. Czornobaj has no previous criminal record.
The trial heard that on June 27, 2010 Czornobaj stopped her car on Highway 30 in Candiac, south of Montreal, after spotting a group of ducklings on the roadway.
Andre Roy was travelling on his motorcycle with his 16-year-old daughter Jessie on the back when he slammed into Czornobaj's car.
Roy, 50, died at the scene. His daughter was pinned under the car and later died in hospital.
Roy's wife, Pauline Volikakis, was travelling on her own motorcycle at the time and also smashed into the car. She suffered serious injuries.
Widow says it's time to move on
Speaking to reporters at the Montreal court on Friday, Volikakis said she didn't have any ill-will towards Czornobaj.
“It's time that we go on,” she said. “This will not bring (back) my loved ones.”
Volikakis would not comment on Czornobaj's possible sentence.
Czornobaj did not speak to reporters outside the courtroom, shielding her face with a newspaper as she waited for an elevator.
During the trial, other witnesses told the court they were distracted by seeing Czornobaj on the median waving at ducks, and barely managed to swerve out of the way of the parked car.
Czornobaj, who was 21 at the time of the accident, said during the trial that if the same thing were to happen today "I would not have stopped."
She is scheduled to return to court for a pre-sentencing hearing on August 8.
With files from the Canadian Press
Gerry Adams confirmed over the weekend Sinn Féin is now thinking 2016 (at the latest) may be the year it makes a historic journey and considers entering government in the south.
The issue arose at the party's special conference over the weekend convened for its new councillors and MEPs came together for the first time to hear Adams describe the party's medium-term strategy.
When the next general election takes place - and it could be at the tail-end of next year - it's a racing certainty Sinn Féin will make big gains on its current standing of 14 seats.
But the gains might not be as spectacular as its opinion poll showings suggest.
Voters look in incredible detail on what parties promise on bread-and-butter issues in general election and on some policy areas Sinn Féin falls far short of giving reassurance that they know what they are doing.
Of the party's current crop of 14, they have a few stand-out performers but at least half of their TDs are pedestrian, and one or two have made minimal impact since elected.
That said, the Adams speech is important because it has committed the party to a particular approach.
There was a school of thought that Sinn Féin might opt for another period in opposition and bide its time.
The basis for that was: the only real likely options for government would be a grand coalition (Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil) or a continuation of the present coalition.
Joan Burton supporters, among others, think this is a possibility.
That could lead to a scenario where Sinn Féin established itself as the biggest party in opposition, eclipsing either Fianna Fáil or Labour - putting itself in position to be the dominant, or determinant, party of any coalition.
But that scenario presumes that things won't change and the world will stop revolving on its axis. If the economy recovers, gains for a party in opposition (and a protest party particularly) will quickly dilute from solid to marginal.
When you move beyond the rhetoric, the gist of Adams's message is that it's time for the party to prepare for government.
“For our part Sinn Féin needs to be ready for government in this State on our terms, agree our policy priorities and political platform. Our commitments need to be deliverable. We are ambitious for change and believe we can deliver on jobs, housing and health,” he said.
While Adams sought to reprise that message on broadcast media today, his experience on Morning Ireland shows that happens when the party is pressurised to make its position clear.
Adams was asked about the party's core principles and what policies would not be compromised?
One of those was, of course, Irish unity. We will return that presently.
But the only commitment that Adams was prepared to make the removal of the property a condition of entering a coalition.
When it came to the party's pledge to impose a 48 per cent tax on anybody earning over €100,000 there was a bit of dancing around the ring.
Under repeated questioning Adams eventually said Sinn Féin has not settled on the issue, and that this along with many other areas, will be the subject of internal discussion.
And that's the rub.
Coalition means compromise. Compromise can be seen as betrayal. Betrayal means votes go elsewhere.
Going into coalition is like buying a new car. The moment you drive away from the forecourt you know that value has already dropped.
The problem for Sinn Féin is it has hundreds of populist pledges, all of which have a cost attached, and not all of which can be achieved, even if it achieves a unitary government.
It was interesting to hear Adams stress the core aspiration of Irish unity this morning, as you don't often hear Sinn Féin representatives in the South talking about this matter much.
Sometimes you think they are to Sinn Féin in the North what Benjamin Black is to John Banville (or should that be the other way around?).
But does raking up the nasty stuff that was done in the name of Irish freedom have any traction anymore?
Some believe that Adams' arrest over the disappearance of Jean McConville was a watershed on the question.
People might not believe his denials that he was a leading figure in the IRA or that he had anything to do with McConville's disappearance or murder. But they don't care anymore, went that explanation.
I'm not so sure. The leading figures who led the IRA from violence to peace are the selfsame leading figures who led the IRA from a relatively peaceful path to venal violence in the first place.
And when you see military republicans seeking inquiries because of some brutal treatment, or collusion, or infringements of human rights, you kind of wonder what codes of fairness and justice and human decency did they obey when the armed struggle was at its height.
Besides civilian deaths, its treatment of its own informers may be something that will be more closely scrutinised in the next year or two.
What is most striking about the Sinn Féin strategy is that its template is the approach Fianna Fáil took between 1927 and 1932.
The similarities are striking.
The mythic status the party gave to Eamon de Valera, is replicated in the approach to Adams.
The militaristic structure and discipline used to build up the organisation: ditto.
The emphasis on Irish unity and on the language: ditto again.
The focus on housing for working-class families and small farmers; and preference for small holdings and fishing families. Again, the same. Small is good, big is bad.
There is the populist stuff too.
Fianna Fáil posters in the run-up to 1932, claimed government “jobbery” and a commitment to lower the “waste and extravagance” of government. It also promised lower salaries for senior public servants.
“No man is worth more than a thousand pounds a year,” said de Valera, in an earlier iteration of Sinn Féin's boast of its TDs living on the average industrial wage.
It is possible 2016 won't quite be a 1932 for Sinn Féin.
But the party is strong and they will constantly remind us they haven't gone away and are unlikely to.
