1.Table Of Contents
2.Introduction
This is the fourth tutorial of the AngularJS directives series using Twitter's Bootstrap CSS Framework and its JavaScript components. In this part we are going to create a custom modal directive. We are going to build upon the previous tutorials and use AngularJS's $compile to dynamically load and compile the contents of the modal. This way the HTML we dynamically load in the modal will be parsed for AngularJS directives.
In reality you will rarely need to use $compile as there will almost always be a better way to implement what you need to do. The best example for $compile that comes to my mind is when you need to display the same data in different views that are loaded asynchronously.
3.Building Our Basic AngularJS Directive
Again we'll start with the basic static directive and build upon it, adding the $http and $compile services.
Basic HTML
The initial HTML is pretty basic – a button and the modal directive:
<div ng-app="customDirectives"> <div> <button class="btn btn-primary btn-lg" data-toggle="modal" data-target="#myModal"> Launch demo modal </button> <div custom-modals modal-id="myModal" modal-title="Our Compiled Modal" modal-src="http://subliminalsources.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/modal-example.js"></div> </div> </div>
This time we'll pass three additional custom attributes:
modal-src – we'll use this attribute to pass the src of the content.
modal-id – the custom ID we'll use for this modal(optional).
modal-title – the title that we'll be applied when the remote template is compiled.
Basic JavaScript Code
Here we'll use a stripped down version of Bootstrap's Modal Component
customDirectives = angular.module('customDirectives', []); customDirectives.directive('customModals', function () { return { restrict: 'A', require: '?ngModel', transclude: true, scope:{ ngModel: '=' }, template: '<div id="{{modalId}}" class="modal fade">\ <div class="modal-dialog">\ <div class="modal-content">\ <div class="modal-footer">\ <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" data-dismiss="modal">Ok</button>\ </div>\ </div>\ </div>\ </div>', link: function(scope, el, attrs, transcludeFn){ scope.modalId = attrs.modalId; } }; }); angular.module('CustomComponents', ['customDirectives']);
Again nothing special so far. This code we'll render a button that will trigger empty modal box. Next we are going to load the contents dynamically.
The Result:
4.Dynamically Loading Data Using $http Service
We are going to use the $http service to fetch the template's contents.
Fetching The Template With $http
For this we'll use the custom attribute we added above holding the URL to the template. JSFiddle will see my path as foreign domain so for this demo to work I am going to use JSONP to fetch the data. You can always use $http.get or $http.post to get the data when you are using the same domain.
The getContents function is the JSONP wrapper that holds the template. We bind the contents to the modalContents model.
customDirectives = angular.module('customDirectives', []); customDirectives.directive('customModals', function ($http) { return { restrict: 'A', require: '?ngModel', transclude: true, scope:{ ngModel: '=' }, template: '<div id="{{modalId}}" class="modal fade">\ <div class="modal-dialog">\ <div class="modal-content">\ <div class="modal-footer">\ {{modalContents}}\ <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" data-dismiss="modal">Ok</button>\ </div>\ </div>\ </div>\ </div>', link: function(scope, el, attrs){ scope.modalId = attrs.modalId; $http.jsonp(attrs.modalSrc); getContents = function(data){ scope.modalContents = data.contents; }; } }}); angular.module('CustomComponents', ['customDirectives']);
If you run this code you'll see that the template contents we loaded aren't parsed as HTML and are displayed as plain text. This is where $compile service comes into play.
Using $compile To Parse HTML
Now, $compile is kinda quirky – to use it properly in a directive we need to append the contents to the element argument of the link function(the element representing the directive element itself). In order to do this I put the whole modal HTML in the remote file.
customDirectives = angular.module('customDirectives', []); customDirectives.directive('customModals', function ($http, $compile) { return { restrict: 'A', transclude: true, scope:{ ngModel: '=' }, template: '', link: function(scope, el, attrs){ scope.modalId = attrs.modalId; scope.title = attrs.modalTitle; $http.jsonp(attrs.modalSrc); getContents = function(data){ $compile(data.contents)(scope, function(compliledElement, scope){ el.append(compliledElement); }); }; } }}); angular.module('CustomComponents', ['customDirectives']);
I pass the directive's current scope and the clone of the complied element(or list of elements) to the $compile's transclude function(the second arugment).
In the linking function
el.append(compliledElement);
is the code where I append the compiled element(compliledElement) to the directive's holder element(el).
5.Demo
Here is the final result with the title we passed to the directive as an attribute.
6.Conclusion
This was the fourth tutorial of the AngularJs Bootstrap Components series, explaining how to use $compile.
This will be the last tutorial in this series for now. With the information in these tutorials you can build any of Bootstrap's components as AngularJS directives.
Dozens of Saudi-backed militias were killed when Yemeni armed forces pounded their gathering in the country's southwestern province of Ta'izz.
Yemeni forces backed by their allies fired a domestically-built Zelzal-2 rocket at al-Mizan area in the Red sea port city of Mokha, an unnamed military official told Yemen's official Saba news agency on Wednesday.
Mokha is located 34 kilometers south of the capital, Sana'a.
Dozens of pro-Saudi militias were also killed and wounded in the city of Sirwah, situated about 120 kilometers east of the capital, when Yemeni forces backed by Popular Committees forces launched a counter-attack.
Days ago, dozens of Yemeni civilians were killed in the first US military raid against Yemen authorized by President Donald Trump.
According to the residents of Yakla, an impoverished town that was targeted by the US, at least 16 civilians, including women and children, were killed in the attack in Bayda province. The raid also resulted in the death of one US commando and injured three others, Al Jazeera reported.
According to the Pentagon, the operation's aim was to target al-Qaeda leaders. But a local journalist, Mujahid al-Selalee, said the raid targeted the house of, Abdulraouf al-Dhahab, a tribal leader who had repeatedly denied being a member of the armed group.
Boston College will take another stab at hosting a panel discussion on the “impact of bias and isms,” even though very few students attended the event when it was first put on last year.
According to The Heights (BC's student newspaper), turnout was low at the initial panel discussion last December, apparently because it competed with the school's annual Christmas Tree lighting.
“The events of the last year have been difficult in many ways, [and] we wanted to...provide support.”
[RELATED: Ithaca students demand diversity forums, then fail to attend]
Campus Reform has repeatedly reported on colleges cracking down on Christmas celebrations, yet students at Boston College were apparently more interested in partaking in the festivities than discussing “bias and isms.”
Notably, the panel was originally developed in response to student concerns over alleged “race-biased incidents,” according to The Heights, though few students actually participated.
Nonetheless, the school's University Counseling Services department plans to give the panel another go, offering the panel on “Impacts of Bias and Isms: How can we continue the difficult conversation?” for a second time Tuesday.
“The events of the last year have been difficult in many ways, [and] we wanted to explore ways to provide support in light of what can be very challenging conversations,” explained Vice President for Student Affairs Barb Jones, who will deliver the event's opening remarks.
[RELATED: BC student gov circulates ‘dress with respect' pledge for Halloween]
“The University Counseling Services, along with colleagues in Academic Affairs, are uniquely positioned through their training and interactions with students to shed light on the impact of these events on individuals and how the conversation can move forward,” she added.
Despite claims that the event initially coincided with the school's annual Christmas Tree lighting, archived event pages show that December's panel discussion began at 5 p.m., while the tree lighting took place an hour earlier, suggesting that attendance at the two events was not mutually preclusive.
[RELATED: VIDEO: UVA students sign petition to ban Christmas]
Campus Reform reached out to Jones for comment on whether she is expecting a higher turnout this time around, but did not receive a response in time for publication.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
[This unedited press release is made available courtesy of Gamasutra and its partnership with notable game PR-related resource GamesPress.]
Leicester, UK, 14th November, 2014 – Love your retro games? Then we have a treat for you! Today sees the global digital launch of Cinemaware Anthology: 1986-1991; a facinating collection of 13 of the most highly regarded and successful classic games from legendary game developer Cinemaware. Relive that awesome ‘golden-era of videogames' feeling: rescue a princess in medieval England, become the boss of Chicago's Mafia, wipe out terrorizing killer-ants or fight against enemy invaders with your jetpack and raygun in the 1940s! Choose to play the original Amiga version or the PC-MSDOS version (where available). All games will run on Windows 7 and Windows 8. Cinemaware Anthology: 1986-1991 also contains special bonus content. Every game will come with its original manual (in digital format) and its complete soundtrack in mp3 format. This is the definitive Cinemaware collection for those looking for a great retro-experience! Cinemaware Anthology: 1986-1991 includes the following titles: Defender of the Crown™
SDI ™
The King of Chicago™
Sindbad and the Throne of the Falcon™
Lords of the Rising Sun™ *
Rocket Ranger™
It Came From the Desert™
It Came From the Desert II: Antheads™ *
Wings!™ *
TV Sports: Football™
TV Sports: Basketball™
TV Sports: Baseball™
TV Sports: Boxing™ *Amiga only Cinemaware Anthology: 1986-1991 is available now for PC via digital distrubtion for £7.99/€9.99/$9.99 with a boxed retail version scheduled for a 2015 launch. -ENDS- For more information please contact: Mark Allen Head of Marketing and PR, Kalypso Media UK E: [email protected] Gareth Bagg Marketing and PR Assistant, Kalypso Media UK E: [email protected] Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter @KalypsoMediaUK About The Kalypso Media Group Founded in 2006 in Germany by industry veterans Simon Hellwig and Stefan Marcinek, Kalypso Media is a global, independent developer, marketer and publisher of interactive entertainment software with over 120 employees worldwide. Along with Headquarters in Worms, Germany, the company has offices in the United Kingdom and the United States. Kalypso Media also enjoys very strong global digital distribution through its Kalypso Media Digital Ltd. subsidiary, owns three development studios – Realmforge Studios GmbH, Gaming Minds Studios GmbH and Skilltree Studios GmbH – and works with multiple leading independent developers. Kalypso Media‘s titles include the critically acclaimed Tropico 3, Tropico 4, Sins of a Solar Empire (Europe and Asia), and Dungeons. Upcoming titles include Tropico 5 (PS4), Crookz (PC, Mac, SteamOS), Dungeons 2 (PC, Mac, SteamOS) and Grand Ages: Medieval (PC). Further information about Kalypso Media is available at http://www.kalypsomedia.com © 1986-2014 Cinemaware. Cinemaware and all related product trademarks are trademarks of Cinemaware. All rights reserved.
The Ukrainian city of Lviv is dropping its candidacy for the 2022 Winter Olympic Games due to the deadly separatist conflict raging in the country's east and the ensuing economic crisis.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) said Lviv's withdrawal was "a result of the present political and economic circumstances in Ukraine."
The city will bid for the 2026 event instead.
Lviv, in western Ukraine, had been vying with Beijing, Oslo, and Almaty to host the 2022 games.
The IOC said the decision followed discussions between its president, Thomas Bach, Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk, and pole-vaulting legend Sergiy Bubka, who heads the country's National Olympic Committee.
Yatsenyuk said a bid for 2026 "would have excellent potential for the economic recovery of the country."
The winner for the 2022 Olympics will be announced on July 31.
Based on reporting by Reuters, AP, and AFP
Boneitis is a deadly disease that cripples the bones, ultimately resulting in death. That Guy, who was from the 20th century, was stricken with the disease.
Medical Information Edit
﻿Assuming the same terminology exists in the 31st century, Boneitis means 'inflamed bones'; 'itis' meaning 'inflammation' and 'bone' meaning 'of the bones'.
Boneitis seems to be an extreme and accelerated form of rheumatism. If so, it could be treated easily with a number of disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs in combination with anti-inflammatories (like NSAIDs); both of which, ironically, exist in the 21st century. This would mitigate That Guy's need for a trip to the 31st century in the first place. On the other hand, if it is a dystrophic disorder as it is portrayed, there is currently no known cure - in which case his trip would be legitimized.
A physical price tag for a digital currency. Introducing BitTag.
Read about BitTag in the BBC, PSFK, Yahoo Tech, Cnet, Vice Magazine, Creative Online, IBTimes, Geek.com, Postscapes and live CNBC
BitTag is a physical price tag that creates a seamless integration between Bitcoin (or any another cryptocurrency) transactions and "bricks and mortar" retail stores.
Once set up, the BitTag displays information such as the product name, price in USD (or other local currencies) and the real-time price in Bitcoin. If the Bitcoin value suddenly fluctuates, the price on BitTag will instantly reflect this. The customer, therefore, instantly knows how much the item is worth, whilst the retailer does not incur any financial loss if the value of the Bitcoin changes.
Each BitTag is managed with the assistance of an accompanying iPad app. The app can either be used to setup the Tag or process a Bitcoin transaction by simply placing the BitTag on the screen. Alternatively, the Bitcoin transaction can be activated by a simple 'shake' of the BitTag, enabling a Bitcoin QR code to be displayed on the OLED display and scanned by the user's smartphone, using standard apps like BlockChain.
Inside each BitTag contains a Bluetooth Low Power (BLE 4.0) chip for communication to and from the app, Microprocessor (similar to Arduino), OLED display, accelerometer and a rechargeable LiPo battery.
To register your interest in BitTag, please use the contact form below.
Berkeley police officers arrested a man out on bail, for three cases tied to drug sales and gun possession, after he fled during a search warrant attempt last week and was found with a gun stolen in a home burglary, suspected stolen computers, thousands of dollars in cash, several types of narcotics and two additional firearms, authorities report.
After serving a search warrant in a home of the man, identified as 35-year-old Anthony Beamon of Berkeley, police said they also found a ballistic vest labeled “Special Agent Department of Justice,” a scale and packaging materials, a Taser, more stolen computers and a stolen check for $25,000 that had been reported missing after an Oakland auto burglary in January.
At the time of his arrest, Beamon had been released on $770,000 bail in connection with three prior cases involving firearms and possession for sales of drugs, police said. Two of those cases involved possession for sale of heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine, and possession of firearms, and the other was a gun case from Contra Costa County. Beamon's listed occupation is a security guard.
Last week Thursday, at about 7 p.m., Sgt. Dave Lindenau conducted a probation search and served a related search warrant for Beamon, his vehicles and a home in the 3800 block of Market Street in Oakland. When officers tried to stop Beamon after he walked outside, he dropped his backpack and fled south, throwing out an eighth of an ounce of methamphetamine as he ran, police said. Police quickly caught up with him and took him into custody after a short foot chase.
Lindenau said he found a stolen loaded pistol in the backpack, along with a GPS tracker Beamon had been issued by a bail bond agency. Police said they found another backpack in Beamon's vehicle, which contained multiple Apple computers they believed were stolen. More stolen computers were in the vehicle itself, police said.
“Beamon had $3,690 cash in his pant pockets and 1.15 grams of methamphetamine, [and] 1.57 grams of powder cocaine” when he was arrested, according to court documents.
Police said “sizable quantities of methamphetamine, [and] heroin” were found during the search, and Beamon ultimately was arrested on suspicion of possession for sales of methamphetamine and heroin, both with weight enhancement clauses, enhancement for a loaded firearm with meth and heroin, being a felon in possession of firearms and ammunition, running a drug house, committing a felony while out on bail, possession of stolen property, resisting arrest and a misdemeanor court probation violation.
“The Berkeley Police Department is extremely proud of the ongoing efforts made by our Special Investigations Bureau and Investigations Division Detectives to keep guns and drugs off the streets,” police state in a statement about the operation this week.
Four other people were arrested during the search in connection with drug violations and warrants, according to court documents.
Beamon was charged by the Alameda County district attorney's office with possession of a controlled substance with a firearm, possession of a firearm by a felon, carrying a loaded firearm, and possession for sale of a methamphetamine and heroin. He has four prior convictions — in 2000, 2001, 2004 and 2007 — related to gun possession and the sale of marijuana and cocaine. After the 2004 and 2007 cases, he was sent to prison.
Beamon was arrested and charged with 10 felonies in 2015 also related to gun possession and drug sales, according to prior Berkeleyside coverage.
In that case, according to court papers, a Berkeley police officer arrested Beamon in Oakland after serving a search warrant on him. Police said Beamon tried to flee when police arrived, and tried to ditch a loaded handgun he was carrying. Police searched Beamon, his vehicles and his bedroom, recovering a handgun, about 10 ounces of methamphetamine, 3 ounces of crack cocaine, 21 grams of heroin, 4.85 grams of powder cocaine and 4 ounces of marijuana, all of which were packaged for sale, according to police.
Police said they also found seven gun magazines, including two that were extended and held 31 rounds, ammunition, seven digital scales, three cellphones, packaging materials and more than $6,500 in cash. Police said text messages on cellphones belonging to Beamon “indicate he is selling drugs,” according to court documents. Beamon was out on bail in Alameda and Contra Costa counties in connection with narcotic-related offenses at the time of the 2015 search, police wrote.
Beamon is being held on $1 million bail and is set for a pretrial hearing Tuesday, March 28, at 9:15 a.m. at the Rene C. Davidson Courthouse in downtown Oakland.
Pakistan's domestic structure is no stranger to change but next season might see one of the most radical changes imposed on the country's oldest, most prestigious first-class tournament, the Quaid-e-Azam trophy. For the first time, a draft system could be used to pick regional players to play in the QeA.
The PCB is yet to officially unveil the change and it has to be approved by the board's governing body, but a board official confirmed to ESPNcricinfo that the idea - which emerged from the board's Domestic Affairs committee - has been mooted for the upcoming season.
The structure of the tournament has been retained from the previous season; 16 teams will play - the top eight regional teams (out of 16) and the top eight departmental teams (out of 12). Until now, the PCB selectors, along with regional coaches, choose 20-man squads of a regional team. That squad is primarily composed of players who have performed at the inter-district levels below first-class cricket.
The new system could involve 12 players for each squad allocated through a draft process, and the other eight selected in traditional fashion.
The 140-strong pool for the draft will be made up of players who are part of departmental teams which didn't qualify for the QeA trophy. The rationale behind the plan, the official said, was to make the tournament more competitive, with each region populated by more experienced players.
Historically, players come through the first-class circuit after playing senior inter-district cricket. High-performing players move to the departments, who offer them employment and an opportunity to play cricket.
The structure of Pakistan's domestic format has been changed many times over the last decade. Previously, regional and departmental sides competed separately in different leagues for several years before being put together again in 2008. Since the turn of the century, regional teams have been gradually emasculated as the PCB has centralised the running of cricket. That has, in turn, led to greater dependence by regional associations on the board, a weakening of regional sides, and an entrenched belief in the PCB that politics have hampered meritocracy in regional selections.
Regional associations are made up of various districts with registered clubs. Through an electoral process, clubs vote for a president, secretary and treasurer to run the association. A worry in the PCB is that the selection of regional players could be unduly influenced by the clubs who vote. That often leads to players coming through the system who are not believed to be competitive enough at the first-class level.
The changes have to be formally approved by the Board of Governors (BoG), who will meet on July 28. The Domestic Affairs committee includes two regional association heads, but at least three heads of regions ESPNcricinfo spoke to expressed serious concerns about the plans.
"Regions are the major nurseries and there is a full mechanism in place for a player coming up covering every level from club cricket to grade 1," a regional head said.
"If 12 players already in the system will be selected through draft then how will the region be relevant? What are we going to do with our inter-district players? Where do they go, then? Every year, new and young talent comes up, gets into the system and develops with these tournaments. With a draft system for selection, we are going to pick same players all over again, who had been in the system for last 10 years."
Included in the many things that have changed in the QeA over the last decade is the make of the cricket ball. The PCB has now approved Dukes balls to be used in first-class cricket, replacing the locally-produced Grays. Australian-made Kookaburra balls were used in the 2012 season before the PCB reverted to Grays - who had been in business with the board since 1973. The Kookaburra ball, however, will still be used for white-ball cricket in the country. The rationality behind importing Dukes balls, which are more expensive, is to prepare for the two-Test match series in England, according to a PCB official.
Burglars lead officers on chase before crashing in South Austin Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Austin Pawn shop robbery [ + - ] Video
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- A pawn shop burglary turned into a police chase before the suspects crashed in South Austin around 10:45 p.m. Wednesday.
Austin police said they responded to a pawn shop robbery on 4400 South Congress Ave., near Saint Elmo Road. When officers arrived at the scene several suspects took off and after a few minute pursuits, the driver hit a pole on Dittmar.
Police said one person was ejected from the car and taken to the hospital in addition to the two other suspects. They are all expected to be okay.
"A safety perimeter was set up and K9 and Air 1 was utilized to apprehend one additional suspect. No Officers were injured. No shots were fired," said Sgt. Brett Bailey.
Around midnight, police said they had the pawn shop surrounded while they searched for another suspect. An hour later, police said four suspects were in custody, but there could still be one more on the run.
Police arrested Eduardo Reyes, 18; Michael Mendoza, 21; Lindsey Aaron, 17; and Alan Castillo, 18. Reyes, Castillo and Mendoza face charges for burglary of a building. Aaron faces charges for evading arrest. Reyes, Aaron and Castillo also face charges for engaging in criminal activity. Castillo is also charged with unauthorized use of motor vehicle, and burglary of a residence.
Several guns were recovered at the scene by officers; in addition to a backpack containing Xanax and marijuana. At least one gun was reportedly found in the car and another at the pawn shop.
Police do not believe there is a threat the public.
"Sandstorm" is a trance instrumental by Finnish DJ and record producer Darude. It was released as the lead single from his debut studio album Before the Storm. It was initially released in Finland on 26 October 1999 by 16-Inch Records and was later re-released in many other countries in 2000. The track was uploaded to MP3.com where it gained global recognition. It has also gained recognition for its usage in sports and popularity in internet meme culture. On 1 March 2010, over ten years after its original release, "Sandstorm" was certified Gold in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of over 500,000 copies.[2]
Background [ edit ]
[3] The Roland JP-8080 synthesizer used in "Sandstorm" (pictured); displaying "sand storm" on its screen, from which the title is derived.
Darude first started making happy hardcore with a music tracker program on his computer, playing gigs as "Rudeboy".[4] He then performed with Wille "Weirdness" Heikkilä as "Position 1", making light Eurodance tunes, and he paired with other DJs on other projects. In September–October 1999[4] as Darude he began collaborating with Jaakko "JS16" Salovaara, known as the producer of the Bomfunk MC's.[5] "Sandstorm" was the first product of the collaboration, ready after about a week of work. JS16 signed Darude as the first artist on JS16's new label 16 Inch Records.[4]
Darude had been uploading various pieces of his trance experimentation on the website MP3.com, where he was building a following, and he also uploaded the full-length demo of "Sandstorm". This exposure was responsible for worldwide interest in "Sandstorm". In 2000, Darude reported on his mp3.com artist's page that he had "removed the full-length tracks" of "Sandstorm" at the request of his record company.[7]
The title of the instrumental originates from the Roland JP-8080 synthesizer used in the song, which displays the text "sand storm" on startup.[3]
In a 2016 Reddit AMA interview, Darude admitted that he had never experienced an actual sandstorm but had experienced a dust devil.[8]
Composition [ edit ]
"Sandstorm" is an instrumental trance composition.[5][9][10] According to Darude, the hardware and software used to make the track are as follows: P2, Cubase VST 32, FastTracker 2, ReBirth, Korg TR-Rack. Then with JS16 in his studio: Cubase on Atari ST1024, Ensoniq ASR-10 sampler, Roland JP8080, NordLead2, Roland JV2080, Ensoniq DP4, Mackie 24/8, Behringer rack compressor.[11][12]
Music video [ edit ]
A still from the music video for "Sandstorm", showing Darude at Helsinki Senate Square
The video for "Sandstorm" features Darude with headphones viewing two-armed security guards (a man and a woman) chasing a woman with a case. Darude seems to appear at every place where the pursuers and the pursued go. Near the end, the woman with the case stumbles and one of her pursuers (the other woman) betrays her partner, knocking him out. The two women take the case onto a boat with Darude. An unofficially-uploaded version of the music video was uploaded on YouTube on 5 March 2006 and has garnered over 50 million views,[13] while the officially-uploaded version on Darude's channel has garnered now over 138 million views.[14]
The video was directed by Juuso Syrjä, a.k.a. Uzi,[15] and was shot in various places in Helsinki, including the Helsinki Cathedral and the Senate Square.[16] It became the first Finnish music video shown on MTV in the US and it received several awards in Finland and on MTV.[15]
Usage in media [ edit ]
In film and television [ edit ]
"Sandstorm" appeared on the pilot episode of popular Showtime series Queer as Folk, which first aired on 3 December 2000.[17] The track has appeared in the comedy movie (2005 remake) Fun with Dick and Jane. In 2013 it appeared in the drama film Filth and in Under the Skin (during the discothèque scene). On a Finnish TV-show called "Far Out" two contestants named Tatu and Eeka travelled to Budapest where their assignment was to play music with gypsies. They ended up with making their own version of Sandstorm called "Sandström" together with two Hungarian musicians.[18] "Sandstorm" was also used in the 2001 Finnish film Tango Cabaret (Tango Kabaree).[19]
In sports [ edit ]
In 2009, "Sandstorm" was played for the first time at the University of South Carolina's Williams-Brice Stadium during a Gamecocks football game. While it was actually played by accident during the waning minutes of the Gamecocks' victory over Ole Miss, it has become a rallying anthem for South Carolina fans.[20][21]
Professional wrestler Toru Owashi,[22] mixed martial artist Wanderlei Silva, and baseball pitcher Koji Uehara use "Sandstorm" as entrance music. It was also played at the 2006 Winter Olympics, and during the Ice Hockey World Championships. Nike used the composition in an advertisement series featuring the basketball opponents Kobe Bryant and LeBron James. It was also used as the theme for the finals parade at the 2011 British Judo Championships (Pre Cadet and Cadet) held in Sheffield, England. Cambridge United FC use Sandstorm as the music that plays when the teams come out onto the field of play before the match begins.
Internet phenomenon [ edit ]
The popularity of the "Sandstorm" as background music for those who stream their video gaming on the Twitch.tv platform led to a meme that any question asking for the name of any song was replied to with the comment "Darude – Sandstorm."[23]
As an April Fools' Day joke on 1 April 2015, YouTube displayed the message "Did you mean: Darude – Sandstorm by Darude" for all video search queries involving music, in addition to adding a button which played the tune during a video.[24][25]
Track listing [ edit ]
CD – Single[26] No. Title Length 1. "Sandstorm" (Radio Edit) 3:46 2. "Sandstorm" (Original Mix) 7:26 3. "Sandstorm" JS16 Remix) 7:21
Sandstorm (The Remixes) – EP[27] No. Title Length 1. "Sandstorm" (Radio Edit) 3:49 2. "Sandstorm" (Extended) 7:26 3. "Sandstorm" Dallas Superstars Remix) 8:24 4. "Sandstorm" (Komytea Radio Remix) 3:54 5. "Sandstorm" (Komytea Remix) 7:40 6. "Sandstorm" (DJ Ray Aka Tom Hafman Remix) 7:13 7. "Sandstorm" Superchumbo 's Sandy Storm) 8:38 8. "Sandstorm" (Jan Driver Remix) 6:16
Charts [ edit ]
Soon after release, "Sandstorm" became popular on pop radio stations, reaching number one in Norway.[28] Its sales worldwide eventually reached 2 million, and it was featured on 200 compilations.
Certifications [ edit ]
Region Certification Certified units/Sales Finland (Musiikkituottajat)[58] Platinum 13,025[58] Germany (BVMI)[59] Gold 250,000^ Sweden (GLF)[60] Gold 15,000^ United Kingdom (BPI)[61] Platinum 600,000 United States (RIAA)[2] Gold 500,000^ *sales figures based on certification alone
^shipments figures based on certification alone
sales+streaming figures based on certification alone
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
PIERRE -- A federal judge in South Dakota has rejected the state's motion to dismiss a lawsuit challenging a law banning same-sex marriages.
Judge Karen Schreier ruled on the motion Friday. Six couples filed the lawsuit in May at the U.S. District Court in Sioux Falls.
Schreier didn't entirely reject the state's motion. Schreier dismissed the plaintiffs' claim that the state's ban on same-sex marriage violated the couple's constitutional right to travel.
Minneapolis-based attorney Josh Newville is representing the South Dakota couples. Newville on Friday said the news was still "fantastic." He says ultimately the case at its core is about "equal protection."
Attorney General Marty Jackley after the ruling reaffirmed the state's position. He says marriage should only be "defined" by the voters of South Dakota.
(Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
BANGKOK (Reuters) - A maverick Thai general who has threatened to bomb anti-government protesters and drop snakes on them from helicopters has been reassigned as an aerobics teacher, the Bangkok Post said on Friday.
Major-general Khattiya Sawasdipol, a Rambo-esque anti-communist fighter more commonly known as Seh Daeng, reacted with disappointment to his new role as a military instructor promoting public fitness at marketplaces. “It is ridiculous to send me, a warrior, to dance at markets,” he said, before launching an attack on his boss, army chief Anupong Paochinda. “The army chief wants me to be a presenter leading aerobics dancers. I have prepared one dance. It's called the ‘throwing-a-hand-grenade' dance,” he said.
Seh Daeng is something of a folk hero in Thailand on account of his reputed undercover exploits in Cambodia and Laos during the Cold War.
His predictions of grenade attack against People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD) protesters occupying Government House made headlines last month, especially when they turned out to be correct.
One protester was killed and 23 wounded by a grenade blast on Thursday.
Seh Daeng has denied any involvement.
Pack your bags! It's almost time to head back down to Charleston, South Carolina for Season 3 of Southern Charm. And you might want to buckle your seatbelts while you're at it because this might just be the bumpiest season yet.
All of your favorite Charlestonians will be back, and they're as determined to be the best southern belles and gentlemen ever. Well, when they're not getting into explosive arguments with one another, that is.
As the above supertease shows, there's going to be more drama between Kathryn C. Dennis and Thomas Ravenel as they welcome their second child St. Julien and figure out how to successfully co-parent.
And all is not quiet on the Charleston front as the rest of the Southern Charm squad is back with each member considering some major life changes. Cameran Eubanks will contemplate whether she wants to continue to focus on her booming real estate career or become a mother. Craig Conover has a new girlfriend, and do we spot him shopping for an engagement ring in the supertease? Whitney Sudler-Smith may want to leave Charleston for good to follow his dream of film production, even if Craig accuses him of just running away from his problems. Shepard "Shep" Rose and Landon Clements are closer than ever, but Landon has a secret that could have a major impact on their friendship.
Well, at least we can still count on a season full of the wonderful gentility of Patricia Altschul once again, even if she does predict that, "It's the end of western civilization, as far as I can tell."
Southern Charm returns for Season 3 on Monday, April 4 at 9/8c. Until then, relive Season 2 all over again by checking out these pics from the reunion, below.
Cities Attract Hurricanes
City landscapes could draw storms near.
Mike Lucibella, Contributor
WASHINGTON (ISNS) -- Five years ago, Hurricane Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast, devastating New Orleans and other regions along the Mississippi River Delta. Hurricane forecasting has steadily progressed over the intervening years, which should help cities and states better prepare for devastating cyclones. Now researchers have added another piece to the forecasting puzzle by determining how the texture of landscapes can affect a storm's motion.
New research shows that rough areas of land, including city buildings and naturally jagged land cover like trees and forests can actually attract passing hurricanes. The research found also that storms traveling over river deltas hold together longer than those over dry ground. As a result, the city of New Orleans might feel a greater impact of hurricanes coming off the Gulf of Mexico than existing computer models predict.
A team from the City University of Hong Kong modeled the effects that different terrain has on the paths of tropical storms to determine how cities that lie in the path of a hurricane change a storm's motion.
"Cities impose greater friction on the swirling flow because of the tall buildings," said Johnny Chan, a professor of meteorology at the university. "Our results show that tropical cyclones tend to be 'attracted' towards areas of higher friction. So it is possible that cities could cause tropical cyclones to veer towards them."
Rough cityscapes and forests trap air. This compresses the air and forces it up into the atmosphere, adding energy to the storm and pulling the center of the hurricane toward the rough region. As a result, a city can cause a hurricane to swerve from its predicted path by as much as 20 miles.
The change is comparatively small for hurricanes that can reach widths of hundreds of miles, but according to Chan, “The main implication from this study is that in any computer prediction of the track of a hurricane, the representation of the land surface is important.”
The researchers also found that river deltas contribute to the longevity of hurricanes. There is more heat-carrying moisture available to evaporate from the wet deltas than dry ground, prolonging the life of the storm.
Chan and Au-Yeung Yee Man developed a computer model to track the movements of a simulated hurricane across varying terrain. Meteorologists have previously incorporated changes in moisture between the sea and land into models, as well as some differences in land formations; however the refinements that Chan and Au-Yeung have developed help reduce the uncertainly in existing models, which improves the planning vital to reducing the losses that accompany Katrina-size storms and the repercussions that follow.
"Its direct applicability to real predictions may be a little bit limited, but I do applaud the idea of looking at the idea of moisture availability and surface roughness," said Bob Tuleya, a retired researcher at the Global Fluid Dynamics Laboratory at the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration who looked at the research, which is slated to be published in the Journal of Geophysical Research
Chan said the team will continue to refine their models in order to minimize the error before their research can be fully implemented in hurricane predictions. This includes factoring in the effects of the Earth's rotation and other land features such as mountains and jagged coastlines. In addition, the researchers are planning to check their models by looking at the historical records of hurricane paths for any sign of the direction changes that cities would have caused.
17 July 2014
Sean Humber, Head of the Human Rights Department at Leigh Day, who is currently acting for over 550 prisoners in relation to their right to vote, described Conservative proposals to radically change our human rights laws as “dangerous Orwellian nonsense”.
The European Convention Human Rights is an international Treaty that came into force in September 1953.
The Convention gave effect to many of the rights set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. These include the right to life, the right to a fair hearing, the right to respect for private and family life, freedom of expression, freedom of thought, conscience and religion and the protection of property.
The Convention prohibits, in particular, torture and inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, forced labour, arbitrary and unlawful detention, and discrimination in the enjoyment of the rights and freedoms secured by the Convention.
The UK Government was a major architect of the Convention. In voluntarily signing up to the Convention, the UK Government agreed to secure and guarantee to everyone within their jurisdiction the rights defined in the Convention.
The Convention itself clearly identifies the European Court of Human Rights as being the body ultimately responsible for deciding complaints by individuals with regard to a State's failure to protect their rights.
The leaked proposals, for inclusion in the Conservative Party's manifesto and then to be implemented if the Conservatives win the next General Election in May 2015, appear to include plans for a so-called British Bill of Rights and for UK law to take precedence over the European Court of Human Rights.
Sean Humber stated: “You cannot remain a party to a Treaty where you are unwilling to abide by the rules. It is like a losing football team in the World Cup demanding to referee the match and then changing the rules so that it wins. The Conservative proposals, if implemented, would therefore have the inevitable consequence of the UK being expelled from the Council of Europe, the body responsible for implementing the European Convention.
“Effectively, the Conservatives appear to wish to redefine our human rights and to say which are to be respected and which can be ignored. This is dangerous Orwellian nonsense.
“The Conservatives are only proposing these measures because the current Government is unwilling to accept judgments of the European Court on issues such as prisoner voting. Human rights are not some kind of la carte menu where you can pick and choose which judgments that you obey. It would be better advised to take steps to abide by these judgments rather than coming up with ever more unworkable ways of trying to avoid them.
“In this respect, we whole-heartedly agree with the Parliamentary Joint Committee on the prisoners voting bill who warned that the UK Government's continuing refusal to implement the Court's judgments would 'not only undermine the standing of the UK; it would also give succour to those states in the Council of Europe who have a poor record of protecting human rights and who could regard the UK's action as setting a precedent for them to follow.' Tyrants the world over must be rejoicing at the Conservative proposals.”
Information was correct at time of publishing. See terms and conditions for further details.
Screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET
Did anyone at Google know? If they did, when did they know it? Before or after?
And when they knew, what did they say? What did they do? And what will they do now?
You see how many questions are engendered by one simple fact: there is a Zuckerberg now working at Google.
You see how much disequilibrium might be created when you buy a company and along with it comes a potential infil-traitor?
Should you have been placed under gadgetless house arrest by Twitter and NBC, you might not have noticed that Google bought a company called Wildfire Interactive. With it, as Business Insider helpfully emotes it, came a Zuckerberg -- Arielle Zuckerberg, younger sister of the Facebook emperor.
Yes, she is but a junior product manager. But junior product managers have eyes, ears, and predatory instincts. They surely make the best spies because they are so junior, yet they can actually manage.
You might think it was mere humor when Randi Zuckerberg -- she who escaped the stifling pressure of working for her brother in order to enter something that might approach reality, albeit on Bravo TV -- tweeted: "Congrats Wildfire! There are officially now more Zuckerberg family members working for Google than Facebook! #awkward ;)."
You might have thought that she meant her brother Mark didn't work for Facebook, but merely owned it. But, no.
Randi -- I feel I can call her that, as I once helped her with her baby on a plane, via Twitter (I gave her cynical advice, naturally) -- was referring to Harry Schmidt. He is a product strategist. He also worked at Wildfire. And he also happens to be married to Mark Zuckerberg's sister Donna, making him, of course, Zuck's brother-in-law.
So, you see, some may not be so easily suckered by Randi's supposedly disarming emoticons.
Some may be concerned as to where loyalties might lie on the coarse, disturbed battlefield where nothing is social and everything is networked.
What if Facebook should suddenly announce a new -- what's the Zuckerbergian term? -- ah, yes, iteration? What if it's called Facebook+ and happens to include fascinating features that Google hasn't yet thrust into Beta, but truly, really thought of?
What if Facebook declares, one day in the near future, that it has created a self-propelling skateboard, one that will guide humans through traffic and beneath trucks?
What if Arielle Zuckerberg -- who does enjoy offering her ideas about Facebook publicly -- is hauled onto Larry Page's carpet and accused of subterfuge? What if Harry Schmidt has already been placed in medieval stocks before she arrives?
Arielle Zuckerberg has already expressed her discomfort. Fox News reports that she has declared: "I'm in Israel on Birthright and I just found out that I'm now a Google employee. Not gonna lie ... This feels pretty awkward."
Did she declare this on her new Google+ account? Not quite. She declared it on Facebook. Loyalty, you see, loyalty.
I see a statement already being created by a stressed Googlie HR person. I see only one phrase very clearly: "By mutual consent."
I visited the southern Israeli city of Sderot, which illuminates the brutality of radical Muslims. This city also embodies the spirit of Israel to resist. The city resembles a small and rural city. The buildings are a little run down with a small population.
The first location I visited was a media center, which looked little more than a small apartment. I met the Director of the Media Center named Noam Bedein who is a photojournalist. Sderot had taken the brunt of the bombings from Gaza. As Noam took me around the city he told me how the population “Woke up collectively” referring to the almost constant bombings by Gaza. As we passed dozens of bomb shelters Noam casually said, “Sderot is bomb shelter capitol of the world.” The bomb shelters are everywhere from on the side of the road to child playgrounds.
A giant caterpillar on a children's playground caught by eye. Noam explained to me how the caterpillar was a bomb shelter to protect the young kids. Although to the people of Sderot a bomb shelter caterpillar was normal it struck me as a horror that Hamas has inflicted on this city, it mixed the horrors of wars with the innocence of childhood, and that should never have to be the case.The city of Sderot is a perfect example of the sociological warfare that the many Islamist extremist groups use against the Israelis.
An entire generation growing up under constant bombing, the paranoia of growing up under constant missile fire must have scared an entire generation. I was informed that it only takes 15 seconds for missiles from Gaza to hit Sderot. Those 15 seconds are full of panic and screaming Israelis as they all run for the closest bomb shelters. This story is in Sderot, but with 200,000 missiles now pointing at Israel, the whole country could be the next Sderot. file:///Users/loaner/Desktop/DSC00998.JPG
BernieCrats now hold seats in all 50 states!
Warren Lynch Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 25, 2017
NOTE: ALL these maps are subject to change based on incoming data! If you know of any inaccuracies or any changes in leadership, let me know and I will change the maps!
First, a definition: A BernieCrat is a politician or candidate, from any party or no party, who took Bernie Sanders' June 2016 advice to run on his platform and “continue the Revolution from the ground up.” Some of them may not mean to follow through on that platform, and be considered “fake BernieCrats” by some. The distinction between which are “real” or “fake” depends on who is looking, and I pretty much included both in these maps. I included all politicians or candidates endorsed by either Our Revolution, Democratic Socialists of America, Vermont Progressive Party, Green Party, #DemEnter (which Bernie personally endorsed), or by Bernie himself, or more than one of those. My estimate is that about 5% of Our Revolution candidates and 15% of DemEnter candidates are what I would call “fake Berniecrats.” So do your own research, especially in Washington State, Nevada, Michigan and Colorado. But we're still doing amazingly no matter how you count it!
FEDERAL BernieCrats: These are BernieCrats elected to US Senate (Bernie and Merkley) or US Congress (There are 11!)
Federal BernieCrats!
State Legislative BernieCrats: These are BernieCrats elected to State Senate and State Legislature! There are 214 so far!!
State Legislative BernieCrats!
Municipal BernieCrats: These are BernieCrats who were elected as Mayor, City Council, School Board or other citywide/townwide office. There are 122!
Municipal BernieCrats!
BernieCrat State Chairs: Here is a map of what states have BernieCrat State Chairs, and which states TRIED to elect one, but didn't succeed! We have won 60% of the time!
BernieCrat State Chairs!
BernieCrats in DNC seats: DNC seats are some of the hardest things to take over, but we're STILL doing it! Check it out! 26 so far!
BernieCrat DNC members!
BernieCrats on the State Committees: Every state has a State Committee (some states call it a State Central Committee) which elects DNC members and does other things to run the Democratic Party in the state. These seats are crucial to flipping the DNC. And we've taken a TON of them over!
BernieCrat State Committees and State Central Committees!
BernieCrat county-level takeovers: (or town/city level in highly populated states like Massachusetts) This is the TRUE grassroots takeover of the Democrats! YOUR town, city or county has a Democratic Town Committee, Democratic City Committee, or County Democratic Committee which YOU can join and vote on! They're all open to the public! In some redder towns there will only be a Democratic Town CLUB, or even none at all, but if there's none, YOU are legally allowed to start one! Here's what we've done so far!
BernieCrat county takeovers!
Summary: Here are all the maps put together in one map!
BernieCrat State Party takeovers!!
Again, let me know if I should make any adjustments! And #BernOn!
If you want to contribute to the making of these maps, donations are accepted at my Patreon page!
In a way, it's even worse than a scandal over the NSA's collection of metadata.
Today, as incredible as it might seem, it is still legal for the federal government to read your emails without the pesky hassle of asking for warrants – as long as they are six months or older. The government can do this by exploiting what has been described as a legal loophole in a terribly outdated 1980s law on electronic communication.
The misnamed Electronic Privacy Communications Act was enacted in 1986, four years before the advent of the World Wide Web. The law, the somewhat misnamed Electronic Privacy Communications Act was enacted in 1986, four years before the advent of the World Wide Web and six years before AOL started offering its own email addresses to customers. The widespread use of the Internet, thanks to browsers like Netscape and Internet Explorer, was nearly a decade away. And yet it is being applied to today's Internet, in which even AOL is outdated.
Spying on Emails
Under the 1986 law, email that has been stored for 180 or more days is considered to be ‘abandoned' and can be perused by federal authorities sans a warrant. But in an era of cloud computing and services like Dropbox, most Americans certainly would beg to differ that any emails stored online had been abandoned, as one Republican Congressman, Rep. Kevin Yoder of Kansas, recently pointed out to McClatchy.
Under the Fourth Amendment, law enforcement is required to have warrants for any searches and seizures. So the FBI can't rummage through that box of personal letters, correspondence with business associates, or notices from collection agencies sitting in your attic without a warrant. But not so if any of those items happens to be contained in any email six months or older.
As one observer has well put it, the Fourth Amendment is in need of a ‘digital update.' Yoder has sponsored a bill to do just that. Called the Email Privacy Acts, it mandates the obvious remedy: warrants are needed to snoop on any emails six months or older.
"It is hard to believe that we're starting another year with laws that were written for how computing worked in the 1980s."“After spending two decades in the technology sector where things evolve at light speed, it is hard to believe that we're starting another year with laws that were written for how computing worked in the 1980s,” said Rep. Suzan DelBene, a Washington state Democrat who is also a former Microsoft VP, told The Hill.
But securing the rights of Americans is only half the battle.
The email spying has gotten so out of hand that the government has asserted its right to obtain emails from foreign nationals stored overseas. In 2013, as part of a drug investigation, federal authorities sought a warrant to read the emails housed at a Microsoft facility in Dublin, Ireland. Because Microsoft has a policy of storing emails near the location of the customer, the email user in question is presumably Irish.
One wonders where investigators got the idea that they had the right to serve a warrant on a foreign national in another country's territory. Microsoft certainly didn't think they had the right. But when they refused to comply, the company was held in contempt, sparking a legal battle that has escalated to the Supreme Court, where a decision is pending.
Laws Need a Digital Update
Some federal lawmakers aren't waiting for the high court to weigh in, arguing that it's Congress' job to update the aging law. At the end of the summer, Senators Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, and Chris Coons, D-Del., re-introduced The International Communications Privacy Act (ICPA).
The ICPA would establish clear guidelines for how federal law enforcement could access emails. First, the law requires warrants for viewing emails, even if they are stored overseas.
Backers of the law say it will restore customer confidence in the privacy of their emails and avoid violations of other nations' sovereignty.
The law also permits law enforcement to seek emails for foreign nationals but spells out a specific process for how they can do that. As part of that process, the foreign government must be notified of the warrant and given a chance to challenge it. If so, then US courts would have to rule on the matter, weighing the foreign government's interests against those of the United States, according to a summary of the bill's provisions.
The law also stipulates that only ‘qualifying foreign countries' have that right. Countries are eligible if they respect basic human rights, allow US law enforcement access, and would otherwise not undermine US interests were they to be notified in advance. That means that Ireland should have been notified; Iran or ISIS, probably not so much.
Backers of the law say it will restore customer confidence in the privacy of their emails and cloud computing and avoid violations of other nations' sovereignty.
“The potential global reach of government warrant authority has significant implications for multinational businesses and their customers. Failing to address this issue in a reasonable, comprehensive way will only continue to cause problems between American businesses and the US government. ICPA will aid US law enforcement while safeguarding consumer privacy, striking a much-needed balance in today's data-driven economy,” Hatch said in a statement.
Security and Privacy
The law may also benefit national security.
Federal surveillance finds one legitimate suspect for every 10,000 emails it reviews. That's enormously inefficient. There's an argument to be made that limiting the scope of what law enforcement can view will actually enhance its ability to target true criminals and terrorists. As Brian McNicoll, a Hill staffer pointed out in a recent op-ed, the Orlando shooter and the Boston Marathon bombers were known to the FBI beforehand. Why didn't the FBI stop them? They were simply too distracted by the burdens of mass surveillance to pick them out, so the theory goes.
According to one estimate cited by McNicoll, federal surveillance finds one legitimate suspect for every 10,000 emails it reviews. That's enormously inefficient. It's a lot easier to find a needle in a haystack if you're working with a lot less hay – and that's what this law will achieve.
The proposed law has potential to draw bipartisan support, uniting civil liberties advocates on the left with libertarian conservatives. Already, the bill has garnered the endorsement of a wide array of groups on the right, including Americans for Tax Reform, the R Street Institute, the National Taxpayers Union, the Competitive Enterprise Institute, and FreedomWorks, among others, according to The Hill.
As of this writing, the bill still faces opposition in Congress and the Trump administration has yet to take a position. Given Trump's authoritarian tendencies, there is a concern that he might be predisposed to oppose it. But the fact that Trump has also touted himself as a “modern day” President for his incessant use of Twitter should stir some hope that he will be able to grasp the importance of this most basic issue of digital privacy.
Full casting has been announced for the upcoming off-Broadway revival of Bare. Spring Awakening vets Taylor Trensch, Jason Hite, Elizabeth Judd and Gerard Canonico will star as Peter, Jason, Ivy and Matt, respectively, with Missi Pyle playing Sister Joan. Directed by Stafford Arima and choreographed by Travis Wall, Bare begins performances at New World Stages on November 19. Opening night is set for December 9.
The cast will also include Jerold E. Solomon (Father Mike), Barrett Wilbert Weed (Nadia), Casey Garvin (Zack), Ariana Groover (Vanessa), Sara Kapner (Madison), Nick Laughlin (swing), Alice Lee (Diane), Megan Lewis (swing), Justin Gregory Lopez (Beto), Michael Tacconi (Nick) and Alex Wyse (Alan).
Featuring music by Damon Intrabartolo, book and lyrics by Jon Hartmere and additional songs by Hartmere and Lynne Shankel, Bare is the story of a group of teens as they wrestle with their identities, sexuality and religion at a co-ed Catholic boarding school. As their final year of high school draws to a close, the students attempt to navigate the complex road from adolescence to adulthood. They must deal with the consequences of their choices as they prepare to take the next step in their lives.
Trench has appeared in Broadway's Wicked, off-Broadway's Rent and the national tour of Spring Awakening. Hite is making his off-Broadway debut. His regional credits include Giant, Spring Awakening and All Shook Up. Judd has appeared on Broadway in Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark, as well as in the national tour of Spring Awakening. Canonico's Broadway credits include American Idiot, Spring Awakening and Les Miserables. Pyle has appeared on Broadway in Boeing Boeing. Her many film credits include The Artist, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Big Fish and Galaxy Quest.
Bare will feature set design by Donyale Werle, costume design by Tristan Raines, lighting design by Howell Binkley and sound design by Keith Caggiano.
RAEFORD — Tillman Freeman III wore a bulletproof vest but showed little emotion at a first appearance hearing Monday morning in Hoke County District Court.
Freeman, 30, is charged with two counts of first-degree murder. He is accused of stabbing to death his two daughters, 4-day-old Genesis and 2-year-old Serenity.
Their bodies were discovered early Saturday about 200 yards into a woodline on Army Road, off N.C. 211 in Hoke County. They were in the back seat of Freeman's 1993 Toyota Camry.
Genesis was in Serenity's lap, according to a search warrant affidavit filed in the Hoke County Clerk of Court's office. A large knife was on the back seat beside the children, the affidavit said.
Freeman, whose hands and feet were shackled, spoke only when asked if he wanted a court-appointed lawyer, but he turned his head to look each time someone entered the courtroom.
He only reacted when James McGeachy, a friend of the family, entered the courtroom to take a seat. Freeman tried to mouth something to McGeachy, who did not respond.
James Hedgepeth Jr., a public defender, stepped toward Freeman and said, “Sir, please don't discuss your case with anyone.''
McGeachy said after the hearing that he came because he wanted to see if Freeman had any remorse about the deaths of the girls.
“He looked like he doesn't care about what he did,'' McGeachy said.
District Attorney Kristy Newton asked that Freeman continue to be held without bail, to which Judge Michael Stone agreed.
Freeman's next court date is scheduled April 5.
Freeman wore the bulletproof vest because of threats made toward him on social media and in public comments.
“We didn't want to take any chances because there's been a lot of comments,'' Hoke County Sheriff Hubert Peterkin said. “As a law enforcement officer, we have an obligation to protect our prisoner.''
Peterkin would not say whether Freeman was on a suicide watch or segregated from the jail population.
The affidavit listed the items lawmen found in Freeman's car. They included a blue child's shoe, a pink blanket, a pink baby hat, white and blue towels, a pink and gray diaper bag, two car seats and a partially full pack of Newport cigarettes.
More than 50 people attended a vigil Sunday at Seabrook Park on Langdon Street, near Fayetteville State University. They listened as Candice Freeman, the mother of the two girls, described what happened when the children disappeared on Friday and how police were able to get Freeman to reveal where the children were.
Family and friends have set up a GoFundMe account to raise money for the funerals and other expenses. The account, gofundme.com/mother-of-murdered-baby-girls, had raised more than $14,000 as of Monday afternoon. Candice Freeman also has a 5-year-old son, Ke'Shawn Smith.
Staff writer Nancy McCleary can be reached at mcclearyn@fayobserver.com or 486-3568.
“Wait, you're a dude? Meh, marry me anyway.” New male princess stealing hearts in China
We're starting to think there might be something in the water over in China. Just a few days ago, we stumbled upon one of the most stunning actually-I'm-a-guy girls on the internet, and now a new model is stealing hearts all over the country. And yes, once again, this Asian princess is in fact a pretty prince in makeup.
Even so, it would seem that many Chinese netizens are now reaching the point where they're starting to think, “To heck with it, he's still gorgeous,” and would be proud to make this young man their wife.
In the age of the selfie, it's not unusual to find hundreds of shots on social networks of beautifully made-up young women striking their best duck-face, octopus-cheeks or emo “I'm not even looking at you” poses, with or without the help of a few flattering filters. We, of course, only get to see the best shot they take (the ones where they look a bit pudgy or are caught mid-blink and like they're having a seizure are swiftly disposed of), but usually the subject looks pretty good no matter the quality of the goods they're working with.
Even so, some stars shine a little brighter than others in the dark depths of the social network abyss, and one 21-year-old beauty known as Xiao Can recently become the subject of tremendous adoration on online message boards in China, after one netizen shared a photo of what he described as “a peerless beauty“.
We wouldn't go so far as to say that her beauty could never be matched (have you seenMr. Sato in a wig?), but there's no denying that this is one gorgeous young lady.
Except, hold on a second…
After checking out Xiao Can's personal blog and reading a little more about her, it soon becomes clear that “she” is in fact a “he”.
There were still a number of men who after learning this struggled to comprehend that this princess could be anything less than the woman of their dreams. But after watching a couple of videos showing the model's performances on numerous talent shows – during which she is openly asked, “Are you really a guy?” – it would appear that, yes, this peerless beauty really is just a tremendously pretty dude.
Naturally, there are plenty of women out there who, doing their very best with what they have, are decidedly irked by Xiao Can's feminine good looks. But there are also hundreds of female net users who are already firm fans, begging to know his secrets.
And while some men were evidently shocked and a little grossed out that they could have fallen for another guy (welcome to the 21st century, chaps!), there are some who looked beyond Xiao Can's gender, saying that they'd happily give up on women if men this pretty exist, with one man even commenting, “I don't care if you're a guy, marry me!”
Images via: Sina Weibo @小燦1991
In Boston's 'Safe Space,' Surprising Insights Into Drug Highs
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jesse Costa/WBUR Jesse Costa/WBUR
Some arrive on their own, worried about what was really in that bag of heroin. Some are carried in, slumped between two friends. Others are lifted off the sidewalk or asphalt of a nearby alley and rolled in a wheelchair to what's known as SPOT, or the Supportive Place for Observation and Treatment, at the Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program.
Nine reclining chairs have been full most days, especially during peak midday hours. It may be the only room in the country where patients can ride out a heroin or other high under medical supervision.
"It's a safe place to be," says Tommy, 39, who's been using heroin for at least 21 years. "It's a lot safer than being out on the street, possibly walking into traffic. I might OD if I was alone out there."
Tommy is looking for a job and housing, and we've agreed not to use his full name. He's one of 180 people who've come to this former conference room to ride out an opioid or other drug high since SPOT opened in late April. Nurses have logged almost 900 visits. At least half of the patients have come more than once.
If the person can speak, a nurse will ask what they took before settling them in a chair, wrapping a blood pressure cuff around one arm and placing an oxygen monitor over a finger.
"The monitors are really convenient," Dr. Jessie Gaeta, chief medical officer for BHCHP, says as she pulls the Velcro edges of a blood pressure cuff apart. "It takes a lot of the guessing out of understanding how far someone is into an overdose syndrome."
Gaeta coined the term "overdose syndrome" to describe what's happening to patients in this room. In many cases, she is surprised by what she's seeing.
"A classic opiate overdose is characterized by a person who stops breathing," Gaeta says. "They have central nervous system depression. So it's mostly respiratory depression and respiratory arrest."
But Gaeta says about 75 percent of her SPOT room patients show something different. "What we're seeing in this room is more depression of heart rates and blood pressures as actually the primary — sometimes the only — abnormalities," Gaeta says. So the patient may be unconscious with low blood pressure, but have nearly normal breathing.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jesse Costa/WBUR Jesse Costa/WBUR
Patients tell Gaeta they may start the day with heroin or another opioid and then, a few hours later, take pills that will enhance the high.
"People are talking about that a lot here," Gaeta says, "about the layering of this cocktail of medications, and that's really reflected in the vital signs that we're seeing, which is not indicative of pure opiate overdoses. I'm not sure that we'd have seen that without doing this kind of monitoring."
Gaeta describes a typical combination or cocktail of four drugs: heroin or another opioid, clonidine (which lowers blood pressure), Klonopin (to control for anxiety) and gabapentin (used to treat seizures or nausea).
The observations are just a snapshot based on a small number of addiction patients in one area of Boston. But what Gaeta is seeing is reflected in overdose death reports and is changing the way she and her staff respond to these patients who look like they are falling into a deep sleep. To boost sinking blood pressures, for example, they've brought IV fluid equipment into the room. They are going through many more tanks of oxygen than expected.
Dr. Barbara Herbert, president of the Massachusetts chapter of the American Society of Addiction Medicine, says she's never heard anyone use the term "overdose syndrome."
"But I think it's a great phrase, and I suspect it will move into more conversations. Because we created a safe space, we can now think about what's in front of us with more science than we could before we had this," she says. "So, while all of us knew this cocktail could produce overdose, few of us have ever had the opportunity of seeing people after they use and monitoring their blood pressure or their heart rate. So, this is an unexpected positive for us, coming to understand the disease better from that safe space."
SPOT nurse April Donahue says some patients in the room appear so sedated that they don't respond when she speaks loudly in their ear or raps on their sternum. But, she says, some of those people "have rock-solid vital signs, better than mine." So, she says, "What you see subjectively looking at someone and what their vital signs are don't always match up."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jesse Costa/WBUR Jesse Costa/WBUR
If Donahue weren't monitoring the vital signs, she says, she'd be racing to inject naloxone, the drug that reverses the effects of opioids. But Donahue found she can sometimes avoid using naloxone, which is very harsh on the body, by giving patients oxygen or fluids to keep them alive.
The nurses speak to each patient about addiction treatment. Getting patients into treatment is their top priority after keeping people safe while high.
"I think what's struck me the most is the gratitude — just to get out of that environment, even for a little while, to get off the street and be cared for," Donahue says. "I mean, so many of our participants don't have anyone who's caring for them."
It's one reason Tommy is becoming a repeat client. "This is just a great start," Tommy says. "I think it will slow down a lot of overdoses and could save a lot of lives. It will save a lot of lives in the long run."
And Tommy knows. He went into respiratory failure a few weeks ago while at SPOT and was brought back with naloxone.
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR, WBUR and Kaiser Health News.
Cleared of Charges of Setting Off a School Explosion, Florida Honor Student Heads to Space Camp (ABC News)
Kiera Wilmot is going to space camp.
In late April, the 16-year-old central Florida honor student was accused of igniting a chemical explosion on school grounds, leading to her arrest and suspension from school, but authorities dropped criminal charges last week.
The nightmarish ordeal was shocking for her single mother, Marie Wilmot, who always encouraged Kiera and her twin sister, Kayla, to follow their passions.
"The initial phone call was terrifying," Marie told ABC News. "Time will help I hope, it was devastating for me as a mother."
While school officials debate whether Kiera will return to Bartow High School, the Wilmot family received an unexpected surprise.
The explosion struck a chord with 18-year NASA veteran Homer Hickam, a former lead astronaut training manager for Spacelab, and later for the International Space Station.
In the late 1950s, Hickam had a brush with law enforcement for allegedly starting a forest fire. State police came to his high school and led him and his friends away in handcuffs, but his high school physics professor and school principal came to the rescue, clearing him of wrongdoing.
Back then, schools did not have zero tolerance rules. Kids could make their mistakes without the threat of a criminal record, or serving time in jail.
"I couldn't let this go without doing something," Hickam said. "I'm not a lawyer, but I could give her something that would encourage her. I've worked closely with the U.S. Space Academy, and so I purchased a scholarship for her."
Learning of her twin sister, Hickam raised enough money so Kiera and Kayla could attend space camp together. Hickam runs several scholarships for kids with potential, and hopes to create an ongoing Space Academy scholarship. The twins will attend in July.
The five-night program immerses students in science, technology, and math education, while giving them hands-on training, learning about the mental, emotional and physical demands astronauts, engineers and technologists face, according to its website.
"I'm really excited about going," Kiera said. "Especially the zero gravity tank, I've always wanted to do that."
The United States Advanced Space Academy is a college-accredited program offered through the University of Alabama-Huntsville, and students receive one hour of freshman level general science credit upon completion.
"You're not just sitting in a classroom hearing about it, you're on the floor, in spacecraft simulators, experiencing zero gravity," Hickam said. "They run through real space missions, like voyages to the moon or Mars, where they are given problems they must solve."
Now an author, Hickam's works include his famous memoir "Rocket Boys," later adapted into the film "October Sky," starring Jake Gyllenhaal.
Eager to move forward, the twins couldn't be happier with the opportunity, which could serve as a prelude to college, and eventual careers. They both credit their eighth grade robotics teacher with sparking their interest in science, technology and math courses.
"I like to program and build robots, it's challenging and you have to build them a certain way," Kiera said. "I'd like to be careful with the science I do, always remember to follow directions, and be aware of peer pressure."
Their mother, Marie, will be joining the girls in Huntsville, taking the time to relax and reflect while her daughters explore the many facets of the program.
At a press conference on Wednesday afternoon at the Vision Center of Word Alive Ministries in Lakeland, Fla., the Wilmot family and their attorney Larry D. Hardaway, took questions from the media and remained hopeful that Kiera will be reinstated at Bartow High School.
"The way people have reached out, I wasn't expecting this kind of response," Marie said. "It is a blessing."
Heeding President Trump's request that it adopt a tax reform bill before Thanksgiving, the Republican-led House of Representatives passed a reform package last week. In spite of a torrent of liberal attacks, independent analyses have confirmed that the plan would boost economic growth, create nearly one million new full-time jobs, and reduce the tax burden on the vast majority of Americans; on average, taxpayers in every income group would receive a tax cut. There will be a small percentage of Americans -- many of them wealthier people who itemize deductions and exploit loopholes -- who would be worse off under the proposal. Republicans would be foolish to pretend that every single household and business would emerge as 'winners' if reform is implemented; that would echo one of the biggest lies Democrats peddled about Obamacare. But the data has found that an overwhelming majority of Americans, including (or even especially) the middle and working class, would benefit from the House-approved bill.
The Senate, meanwhile, is in the process of moving its own bill. The Finance Committee advanced legislation last week on a party line vote (it's worth noting that zero House Democrats voted in favor of middle class tax cuts), and Mitch McConnell's goal is to shepherd a successful floor vote through in the coming weeks. As we learned during the 'repeal and replace' flop, wrangling 50-plus-one Senate votes on a major bill can be quite challenging, and one conservative member is already signaling he's a "no" on the plan currently being discussed. If Senate Republicans are able to get their acts together and pass something, a conference committee would hammer out the differences (some of which are substantial) between each chamber's bill, crafting a compromise law that would bounce back to each house for final passage. There are a number of objections being raised to the Senate bill, including the populist talking point that it would make corporate tax cuts (which Democrats once supported) permanent, whereas the cuts for individuals and families would expire midway through the next decade. The reason for this discrepancy has everything to do with budget rules, under which the legislation can only add a certain amount of money ($1.5 trillion over ten years) to on-paper deficits.
Past experience strongly suggests that Congress does not have the will to allow tax increases on middle class families to occur, and Republicans would push hard for a renewal of the lower rates. The only way those tax increases would occur is if a hypothetical Democratic Congress refused to prevent it. Republicans should pressure their opponents at every opportunity: If you're complaining about the expiration provision, will you commit to ensuring that the lower rates never expire? It's also interesting to listen to Democrats falsely suggest that the GOP bill would not cut middle class taxes, then also turn around and warn that if the GOP bill's new rates expire, middle class Americans will face a tax increase. The latter attack proves that the former attack is bogus -- and the latter criticism vanishes if Democrats would simply vow to extend or make permanent the lower rates when a potential deadline arrives. This is exactly what they did with nearly every single bit of the Bush tax cuts, as part of the Obama-era "fiscal cliff" deal.
Then there's the tempest over the Senate bill's inclusion of an Obamacare individual mandate repeal, which would save the federal government hundreds of billions of dollars. McConnell and company are applying those on-paper savings to the tax reform budget "score," to make the numbers work. There are upsides and downsides to this move, but the Left is once again dusting off its false talking point that eliminating the individual mandate would cause millions to "lose" coverage. This rhetorical sleight of hand was deployed constantly during this year's healthcare debate, as Democrats endlessly exploited the Congressional Budget Office's vast over-estimation of the power of the mandate (which they appear to finally be admitting and reconsidering) in order to inflate the "lost coverage" numbers. Regardless of where the revised number lands, dumping the mandate liberates millions of Americans to not purchase healthcare plans that they do not want or cannot afford, without getting slapped with government fines. People making that choice for themselves and their families is absolutely not equivalent to the government taking away coverage. Healthcare policy expert Avik Roy puts a finer point on this important truth, which underpins liberals' mendacious claim:
[Another] category of Democratic complaints revolves around the Congressional Budget Office's estimate that 13 million fewer people would have health insurance in 2026 if Republicans repealed Obamacare's individual mandate. “We're kicking 13 million people off health insurance to give tax cuts to the wealthy,” exclaimed Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D., N.Y.) on Wednesday. There are two problems with Schumer's assertion. As Glenn Kessler, fact-checker at the Washington Post, notes, nobody is being “kicked off” their insurance. People are no longer being fined for not purchasing it. (Kessler gives Schumer two Pinocchios.) The second problem is that the CBO's projections of the mandate's magical powers are inaccurate, by their own admission.
The whole analysis is worth reading, including Roy's dismantling of the inaccurate claim that repealing the individual mandate would "raise taxes" on families making less than $30,000. It doesn't. Quote: "This isn't a tax hike at all: it's the voluntary foregoing of a tax credit." Please also recall that there was once a time when Barack Obama himself believed it was unjust to force Americans to purchase unaffordable healthcare plans -- an attack he parlayed to great electoral effect, before famously embracing the idea as the tent pole of his failing law:
#TBT to when even President @BarackObama admitted it's unfair to punish people who can't afford or don't want insurance. pic.twitter.com/1ZmCMNus2R — The LIBRE Initiative (@LIBREinitiative) November 16, 2017
I'm a longtime, fierce critic of Obamacare and its central mandate. That said, I'm concerned about the accelerated "death spiral" effect that would likely accompany an individual mandate repeal, absent an alternative method of preventing an adverse selection crisis (Roy's piece above posits that this effect will be pretty limited). I also wonder if injecting healthcare politics into the tax debate could jeopardize tax reform's chances of actually passing, given what we know about some Senators' skittishness over touching a law they pretended to oppose. But if Republicans can manage to muster the votes to simultaneously deal a huge blow to Obamacare and pass a sweeping reform of our tax code, that would be quite a political feat. I'll leave you with another fact check on a nonsense claim being spread about the GOP tax reform bill. You may have heard that sneaky Republicans secretly added a sweetheart private jet tax break into the Senate legislation, to benefit their rich fat cat buddies. That's a lie:
Did you hear the one about the “private jet deduction” in Senate Republicans' tax bill? There's less to it than that—and it's backed by one of the most liberal Democrats in the Senate. The provision attempts to ensure an excise tax for commercial airline flights isn't imposed on private flights operated through management companies. Under the law, private jet owners pay a higher fuel tax than commercial airlines do but no ticket tax, said Troy Rolf, an aviation tax attorney at GKG Law. After years of court cases and Internal Revenue Service audits, some of the definitions had gotten vague or confusing...The main Senate bill on this issue was sponsored by Sen. Sherrod Brown (D., Ohio)...“This provision in no way cuts taxes for private jet owners,” said Jennifer Donohue, a spokeswoman for Mr. Brown. “It simply clarifies what the law already says—that service companies made up of mechanics and service workers don't pay ticket taxes, because they don't sell tickets.” Mr. Brown's home-state colleague, Republican Rob Portman, wrote the amendment that got the provision into the Senate bill. “This bipartisan proposal clarifies the intent of the law and stops a specific IRS abuse when the agency chose to ignore the law,” said Kevin Smith, a spokesman for Mr. Portman.
So it's an item championed by a liberal Democrat that merely clarifies existing law, and would not provide any "tax break" to private jet owners. But let's not let the facts get in the way of cheap political point-scoring. Indeed, the populist exploitability of the "private jets!" claim has proven irresistable for some of the Senate's biggest Democratic hacks -- especially hacks who want to run for president:
Over the course of our state's history, people with severe mental illnesses have faced serious consequences in the criminal justice system. All too often, these individuals faced capital punishment, a sentence that frequently extends an already emotionally difficult ordeal for family members, involves years of litigation and occurs at high financial cost to taxpayers.
The U.S. Supreme Court outlawed the death penalty for persons with intellectual disabilities and for juveniles — because medical research shows those individuals do not have the same mental capacity as fully-functioning adults. People experiencing symptoms of severe mental illnesses are clearly in the same category and should be treated the same way.
Assessing capital punishment in these unique and infrequent cases disregards the growing scientific consensus that severe mental illness can significantly impair one's ability to make rational decisions, understand the consequences of one's actions and control one's impulses. The diagnosis process is lengthy, detailed and accurate. The capital punishment approach sweeps aside our collective responsibility to provide adequate care options for persons with mental health disabilities.
In January, the Texas House Select Committee on Mental Health released its interim report and recommendations. The report acknowledged “an estimated 30 percent of inmates have one or more serious mental illnesses.” To address the issue of individuals with serious mental illness, one must broach the complex relationships between the mental health community and the criminal justice system.
It is clear that a lack of access to treatment can directly result in costly, non-therapeutic criminal justice system involvement. Individuals who are guilty should be held accountable for their actions, but we propose that individuals who qualify for the severe mental illness exemption from the death penalty should be subject to criminal prosecution, and if convicted, should serve terms of life without parole.
Our proposed exemption would not apply to a broad range of individuals. Only those with medical diagnoses such as schizophrenia, schizo-effective disorder, paranoia and other psychotic disorders, bipolar disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder or depression should be considered. It would apply on a case-by-case basis; a judge or jury would consider all of the evidence to determine whether a person had a severe mental illness with active symptoms at the time of the crime.
When individuals with severe mental illnesses enter the criminal justice system and are not appropriately diverted to treatment, the state runs the risk of executing innocent people. Individuals with severe mental illnesses run a higher risk of being executed, typically after bending to police pressure, firing their counsel and representing themselves or refusing to help with their own defense. A 2012 study found that approximately 70 percent of wrongfully convicted defendants with mental illness confessed to crimes they didn't commit. This compares to only 10 percent of defendants without a mental illness.
Mental illness is not a choice. We as a society have already answered the question of how to address persons with severe mental disabilities as it relates to the criminal justice system. Our challenge nationally, and as a state, is to ensure this approach is now reflected in all aspects of the law.
In an unusual reflection of the dropping support for its federal counterpart, the Ontario Liberal Party has lost five points off an eight-point lead it held in May over the Progressive Conservatives and now leads the party by just three points, less than the poll's margin of error.
According to a July EKOS poll, 31.9 per cent of Ontario residents said they would vote for Kathleen Wynne's Liberals. The PCs had the support of 28.9 per cent of provincial residents, the poll found, with the NDP bringing in 25.9 per cent of voters.
While the Ontario PC party has managed to gain support since the last EKOS poll in May — when it had 26.3 per cent of the vote vs. the Liberals' 34.7 — Ontario's NDP has seen the highest growth rate, jumping five points from 20.9 in two months.
The Green party was able to get the support of 9.4 per cent of those surveyed — compared with 9.2 in May — while 4 per cent of people asked said they'd vote for another party.
With advance polls set to open Saturday for five Aug. 1 byelections, the figures point to an unusual and, for Wynne, uncomfortable parallel with federal voter intention numbers released Wednesday by EKOS. Those showed nearly identical support for Ontario's federal party counterparts, with Justin Trudeau's Liberals getting the support of 30.4 per cent of Canadians, the governing Conservatives getting 28.4 per cent of the vote and the NDP bringing in 23.4 per cent of the vote.
In both the provincial and federal polls, the Liberals have seen significant gains shaved to margin-of-error leads, with Conservatives managing not only to maintain seemingly unflinching support, but even to gain points. In the case of the federal Conservative party, which has been marred by the Senate expense scandal for months, the numbers are significant.
In a note about the poll, EKOS President Frank Graves said the provincial/federal parallel was uncommon, adding that it could signify Ontario voters are beginning to align themselves with party brands as opposed to politicians.
“(T)his could signal that Ontarians are beginning to associate themselves less and less with parties and individual politicians, and more and more with political ‘brands,'” Graves said.
Ontario's last provincial election, in 2011, saw Liberals garner 37.6 per cent of the vote, the PCs bring in 35.4 per cent and the NDP total 22.7 per cent.
July's poll shows that female voters were more likely than men to support Ontario's Liberals, with 36.6 women versus 28.2 men saying they'd vote for the Grits if a provincial election were held tomorrow. In contrast, 34.4 per cent of men said they'd vote for Tim Hudak's PCs compared to only 21.9 per cent of women. Liberal party support was highest in northeastern and central Ontario (41.6 per cent), whereas PC support was highest – 30.5 per cent – in the suburban Greater Toronto area. The NDP did best with 31.4 per cent of voters in Southwestern Ontario.
The highest levels of support for both the Liberals and the PCs – 38.8 and 36.5 per cent, respectively – came from Ontarians over the age of 65. The NDP saw most support, 29.3 per cent, with residents under the age of 25.
In terms of education, Liberals saw their greatest support, 41.8 per cent, come from university graduates. The PCs got most of their support – 32.7 per cent – from people with a high school degree or less. The NDP also got most support, 26 per cent, from university educated voters.
According to the poll, more people not born in Canada–referred to as being born in a country ‘other' than Canada–support the PC party than the Liberals.
The poll showed 35.1 per cent of foreign-born people supported the Conservatives compared with 27.8 for the Liberals. Support for Liberals from those born in Canada was at 33.1 per cent while 27.2 percent of Canadian-born people supported the PCs. Support for the NDP was close between foreign and Canadian-born Ontarians, with 26.3 per cent of those born in Canada supporting the party and 24.3 per cent of foreign born people giving the party a nod.
The poll's margin of error was +/-3.4 points, 19 times out of 20. It surveyed 830 people in Ontario by cell and landlines between July 4 and 9.
For my conversation English class we were talking about moral dilemmas. One of the students, who is deeply religious, said that a moral dilemma for him was for him and his wife to use birth control since it was forbidden by his denomination. He and his wife chose to use birth control; however, they most likely felt guilt because it “interfered” with what their religion told them.
The implications of trying to stop the use of birth control may not only have negative effects on the individual family, but the health of the whole society. Perhaps 500 years ago when we were living in an agricultural society, limiting the number of children was not much of an issue. However, now in an industrialized society the whole reality has changed. Overpopulation is becoming a huge problem, and climate change continues to increase as the population and consumption continue to increase.
The restriction of birth control and poverty also go hand in hand. It is quite counterproductive to try and fight the poverty without dealing with one of the major roots of the problem, overpopulation and parents not being able to provide for their children. I understand there are some ideas that may be extreme in this area, such as the one child policy in China. However, just because there can be error on one side does not mean that religious leaders should fail to see the danger on the other side.
In the name of promoting a religious restriction which is never found in the Bible, the church can be doing a lot of damage to the whole of society. We are entering in serious times both environmentally and financially, and people to have make responsible choices regarding having children. In the Bible, God tells the Israelis living in Babylon to seek the peace or to seek the good of the city. Religious institutions need to take the same stand and reexamine if their ideologies are having a negative effect on the whole of society. Aldous Huxley put it well
“Consider the problem of over-population. Rapidly mounting human numbers are pressing ever more heavily on natural resources. What is to be done?… The annual increase of numbers should be reduced. But how? We are given two choices — famine, pestilence and war on the one hand, birth control on the other. Most of us choose birth control”
Advertisements
Website Richtopia.com has published a list of what it calls “The 200 Most Influential Philanthropists & Social Entrepreneurs 2017” and there's actually one NASCAR driver on the list, Team Penske's Brad Keselowski.
Richtopia.com says its “list is an automatic algorithm based on social media influence, Klout scores and a secret recipe. We take into account various metrics from Twitter, Facebook, Wikipedia, Youtube, LinkedIn and Instagram.”
Keselowski comes in at No. 54 on the list, ahead of such personalities as Angelina Jolie, Sean Diddy Combs, Ashton Kutcher, Eric Trump and William Shatner.
Article continues below ...
That Keselowski made the list isn't surprising — he does a lot for charities, most notably veterans — and for that he deserves recognition.
What is surprising is that in a sport where philanthropy is so important for so many drivers, no one else from NASCAR made the list.
There's such a wealth of hilarity in the Rachel Dolezal episode that it's hard to know where to begin, but this is a fun nugget: apparently, even her white parents wanted to offer that Dolezal had a dash of Native American heritage.
But a genealogist hired by the Daily Mail, who ruled out any African heritage, also nixed Indian:
Miss Banas added that she did not find any trace of Native American blood in Rachel's family but she did not rule it out. One possibility was that before the Civil War some of the Bunts lived near Native Americans and that an aunt or a cousin may have married one of them. Rachel Dolezal's roots reveals she has no black relatives dating back to 1671 , By Daniel Gates, Daily Mail Online, June 17, 2015
Yeah... or not.
I've heard this all my life: every other white kid I grew up with wanted to tell you about the Navajo princess he had for a great-grandmother, or the Cherokee warrior chief he had for a great-great grandfather.
It was just enough for excitement and romance, but never enough to make you ask why they looked so white.
My guess: most of the claims to a "trace" of Native American ancestry are complete fabrications, clung to by American whites who've swallowed the propaganda that they are a worthless, oppressive and uninteresting bunch, and that the only righteous identity is non-white.
You know... like Rachel Dolezal.
I also liked this quip from the Daily Mail's genealogist:
Miss Banas said: ‘I didn't find anything to be ashamed of. If I met her I would say: ‘What's wrong with being white?'
Hmmm... nothing a little bit of solidarity wouldn't fix.
Mr Frattini said the EU must use "the most advanced technology"
Biometric tests at Frankfurt airport
He said travellers from outside the EU could face a biometric test as part of their visa while those not needing a permit would be checked on arrival.
There are also plans to improve border surveillance and land and sea patrols.
Rights group Privacy International said the move could create a "fortress Europe" for foreigners.
And the European Council on Refugees in Exile complained that the tighter the restrictions, the harder it would become for people to seek safety from persecution.
'Highest security level'
The proposals for a radical shake-up of the EU's border security were unveiled by Mr Frattini in Brussels.
Mr Frattini says the plans will have to be agreed by member states
He said the measures would apply to all 24 members of the Schengen accord, and it was up to countries such as the UK and Ireland whether to join in.
The commissioner said the EU had to use "the most advanced technology to reach the highest level of security" to stop visitors overstaying their welcome in Europe and to prevent terrorists from coming in.
EU BORDERS EU has 1,792 designated external border crossing points with controls 665 air border crossing points, 871 sea borders and 246 land borders 300m crossings per year at these points 160m crossings by EU citizens, 60m by non-EU without visa, 80m by non-EU with visa Estimated 8m illegal immigrants in EU, half came in legally but overstayed
The plans would also allow for a Registered Traveller Programme to enable EU citizens to pass through customs with only random checks.
That could be extended to include non-EU citizens on multiple visas.
Mr Frattini said he hoped the reforms - if approved by all the EU member states - would be introduced between 2010-2015.
Illegal immigrants
A central aim of the measures is tackling the large number of illegal immigrants who came into the EU legally: "The factor number one is over-stayers in Europe," Mr Frattini said.
Under the proposed entry and exit register, an alert would be sent when a visa expired and no exit had been recorded.
Biometric technology is already being introduced. From 2009, all EU passports will feature a digital fingerprint and photograph and, from 2011 non-EU citizens who apply for a visa will have to give their biometric details.
Currently, anyone crossing a border into the EU's 24 Schengen countries faces a minimum entry and exit check, whether they are an EU citizen or not. Non-EU nationals face a more thorough check, including a search of databases.
Satellite tracking
As well as improved border controls, the commission also wants to toughen up patrols, focusing particularly on illegal migration routes to the Canary Islands and across the Mediterranean and Black Sea.
HAVE YOUR SAY No measure is too much if human rights are not tampered with. Anthony Augustine, UK
A surveillance system (Eurosur) would be set up which would use state-of-the-art technology such as satellites and aerial drones.
"We cannot have mafia or traffickers or terrorists using better technology than our police," Mr Frattini said.
There would also be further operations involving the EU's border agency, Frontex.
The proposals will have to be agreed by member states and MEPs before they can come into effect.
The start of September brings a close to the Go 1.4 merge window. From now until the release in December, only bug fixes and tweaks will be accepted.
A major piece of work that landed in Go 1.4 cycle was the rewrite of parts of the Go runtime from C to Go. What may not be widely known is the main Go distribution1 includes a C compiler whose primary function is to compile the C code in the runtime package.
Rewriting parts of the runtime in this cycle provided the following benefits.
Currently if C code in the runtime is found on a Goroutine's call stack the runtime will fall back to the old split stacks method if it needs to grow the stack. When all the parts of the runtime called from Go code are written in Go, the copying stack method can be used more effectively.
The translation of the Go compilers themselves from C2 to Go is only planned to convert the Go compiler, (5g, 6g, 8g), not the C compiler. Reducing the number of lines of C code in the runtime, possibly eliminating them entirely, will make the compiler rewrite simpler.
Here are the numbers.
The data captured here is not the total line count of C and Go in the runtime package, but the count of lines compiled as part of ./all.bash . In effect
go list -f "{{ range .GoFiles }}{{ . }} {{ end }}" | wc -l go list -f "{{ range .CFiles }}{{ . }} {{ end }}" | wc -l
for each revision that included runtime: in the commit log.
Notes
Jun 29, 2017 This week's theme
Terms from law
This week's words
arraign
pro se
depose
surrebuttal
subrogate
Follow us on Terms from lawFollow us on A.Word.A.Day with Anu Garg
surrebuttal PRONUNCIATION: (suhr-ri-BUHT-l)
MEANING: noun: The response to a rebuttal.
ETYMOLOGY: From Latin sur- (over, above) + rebuttal, from rebut (to refute), from Old French rebouter (to push back), from boute (to push). Ultimately from the Indo-European root bhau- (to strike), which also gave us refute, beat, button, halibut, buttress, and prebuttal . Earliest documented use: 1889.
NOTES: It all starts with the verb butt (to strike or push), which leads to rebut (to refute), which, in turn, leads to surrebut, and so on. The English language has enough prefixes that you can continue this back and forth forever. There's also surrejoinder, a reply to a rejoinder. Also see hemidemisemiquaver and preantepenultimate
USAGE:
Dominick Dunne; Guilty Feelings; Vanity Fair (New York); Nov 2007.
See more usage examples of “The ladies took the stand for the second time during the surrebuttal and again dumped on Lana shamelessly.”Dominick Dunne; Guilty Feelings;(New York); Nov 2007.See more usage examples of surrebuttal in Vocabulary.com's dictionary
A THOUGHT FOR TODAY: A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery, author and aviator (29 Jun 1900-1944)
We need your help
Help us continue to spread the magic of words to readers everywhere
Donate
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
"We'll be in Afghanistan for decades" The Pentagon says expect a very long stay Subscribe to Brasscheck TV Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
We first posted this seven years ago
Advertisement
No, this is not a spoof or a put on.
This is what's actually going on in the field.
What kind of psychopathic criminals would send American troops to fight and die under conditions like this?
By the way, the US and UK news media rants on and on about the Taliban supporting themselves with opium and heroin trading.
Since the invasion, Afghanistan now provides at least 80% of the world's opium.
It's a $3 billion business.
Note that the Taliban's take is around $200 million.
For people who can do math, that's less than 10% of the total score.
So who's getting the rest?
Friends of Uncle Sam.
Image copyright Lady Gaga / Twitter Image caption Lady Gaga (sitting next to her mother Cynthia) during her visit to New York's homeless centre
US pop star Lady Gaga says she has been suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) since being raped at the age of 19.
She revealed her mental illness during a visit to a homeless shelter for young LGBT people last month.
In a TV interview about the visit, she said: "I suffer from a mental illness - I suffer from PTSD. I've never told anyone that before."
Lady Gaga, now 30, first spoke publicly about the rape two years ago.
She has since admitted she blamed herself and did not tell anyone about it for seven years.
'Deepest secrets'
Her interview with the Today Show, which was broadcast on NBC on Monday, is the first time she has talked about having PTSD.
During her visit to the Ali Forney Centre in New York, she told the homeless lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender teenagers that her trauma helped her understand others.
"The kindness that's been shown to me, by doctors as well as my family and my friends, it's really saved my life," the singer said, after bringing presents to the astonished teenagers at the centre.
"Meditation helps me to calm down," she said, adding that she was struggling with her mental illness "every day".
Lady Gaga later tweeted: "Today I shared one my deepest secrets w/ the world. Secrets keep you sick w/ shame."
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Gaga paid tribute to the others she met during her trip to the centre
A tearful young person from the centre she visited said: "Lady Gaga's act of kindness today was a reminder that love still exists - and that there's still some for me."
On social media, her fans opened up with their own experiences in response.
"I remember how your music and your spirit got me through really hard times," one user tweeted back to the singer. "Now I'm 1723 days self-harm free."
"I have something to tell you. I also suffer from PTSD. This is the first time I say it too. I love you and I admire you so much," another replied.
What is PTSD?
Post-traumatic stress disorder is an anxiety disorder which can develop after a very stressful, frightening or distressing event, or a prolonged traumatic experience.
People naturally feel afraid when in danger, but the legacy of some traumatic events is a change in perception of fear.
They may feel stressed or frightened in day-to-day life.
It can be caused by any traumatic event - including military conflict, serious road accidents, natural disasters, sexual assaults, and muggings.
Sufferers typically tend to re-experience the event in flashbacks, avoid talking about it, have trouble sleeping, or experience a change in mood.
Lady Gaga is one of the world's most successful contemporary artists, with a string of hits across her first five albums. Her sixth, Joanne, was released in October.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Lady Gaga's new album titled "Joanne" was released in October
The star has long been an advocate for the LGBTQ community; campaigning for Hillary Clinton during the election and protesting outside Trump Tower when the results were announced.
Last week, she gave her backing to gay rights during Donald Trump's presidency, telling the BBC "we are going to do everything that we can to protect the social progress we have made over the last eight years".
With the Berlin Wall barely a memory and Airbnb in Havana, American anti-communism is probably at its historical nadir. Bernie Sanders has proven the word “socialism” doesn't scare the next generation; a lot of us even seem to like the idea. Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, remembers a different time, when griping about the Reds was an American hobby. She writes fondly about it in her memoir Living History: “We sometimes ice-skated on the Des Plaines River while our fathers warmed themselves over a fire and talked about how the spread of communism was threatening our way of life.”
During the April Democratic primary debate, the candidates were asked about NATO, and a curious thing happened. Donald Trump had called for European nations to contribute more to the organization's budget; Bernie Sanders more or less agreed. But when it came her turn, Hillary Clinton praised NATO, calling it “the most successful military alliance in probably human history.” Neither the moderators nor Sanders pressed her on this point, but it's a bizarre assertion, on par with some of Trump's goofier statements. In its 67-year history, NATO has conducted a handful of major military operations, all centered on the breakup of Yugoslavia or the (disastrous) American-led War on Terror. The most powerful? Maybe. The most successful? Not a chance.
The only way anyone could possibly think of NATO as among the most successful military alliances in human history is if they thought NATO won World War II. But NATO was formed in 1949, and World War II ended in 1945. Still, weren't the Allies a sort of proto-NATO? For millennials in particular, that makes a lot of sense: Forged in the victory over Nazi Germany, the story goes, a group of Western democracies (led by the U.S., U.K., and France) formed a mutual-defense pact to prevent the same thing from happening again. World War I gave us the UN, and its sequel gave us NATO. But anyone over 35 should know this story's wrong; there's a character missing.
The Soviet Union didn't just help win World War II; they were, by most metrics, the most important player. They lost the most people, 50 times as many as America did. But even in formerly occupied territory, the memory of the USSR's role seems to be fading along with its monuments. In a post about this particular lapse in historical recollection at Vox—tellingly titled “The successful 70-year campaign to convince people the USA and not the USSR beat Hitler”—Dylan Matthews cites the French blogger Olivier Berruyer's analysis of poll data. Asked to choose from the U.S., the U.K., and the USSR, 58 percent of French citizens credited America with doing the most to defeat Germany, while 20 percent picked the Soviets. In 1945, with the liberation just complete, those numbers were reversed.
Another faithless Texas elector has announced himself. This time, it's Christopher Suprun, the latest previously anonymous figure to exploit the 2016 Presidential candidacy of Donald Trump for 15 minutes of fame. Let's see: there was Trump's former lawyer, who breached or nicked several legal ethics duties to get a column in the Huffington Post, Trump's ghostwriter, and all of the women who never saw fit to complain of being sexually assaulted by the President Elect until their accusations could do maximum harm and spark maximum exposure. Now we have Suprun, who penned a self-righteous op-ed for the New York Times explaining why he feels he is entitled, all by himself, to ignore the will of the people and cast his vote as elector for someone other than the candidate Texas insisted he pledge to vote for: the winner of the most votes by participating Texas citizens in the November 12 election.
The measure of Suprun's gravitas and qualifications to take this responsibility on himself is aptly illustrated by the first of his justifications for his untenable position: “Mr. Trump goes out of his way to attack the cast of “Saturday Night Live” for bias.” Naturally, he appeals to the authority of Alexander Hamilton, whose various employments in the post-election train wreck has convinced me that he, not Old Hickory, really should move off the currency and make way for someone with the right number of chromosomes. If I hear one more quote from Federalist Paper 68—which no one is 100% certain that Hamilton even wrote—I may strip off my clothes and run screaming Norse epithets into the night. Assuming, as most do, that the author was Hamilton, so what? The paper was written after the Constitutional Convention. Hamilton's concept for that document and the structure of the government was rejected. He didn't trust the public, or democracy, wanted George Washington to be king, and championed a system the resembled Great Britain's. Using him to justify a concept of the Electoral College that has never been employed or accepted in the United States is a classic logical fallacy.
It's 3:36 AM, and I don't need to rehash all of the reasons why Suprun is an arrogant, usurping, anti-democratic ass to presume to over-ride millions of voters because he disagrees with them, in all his expertise and wisdom in governance and leadership (he's a paramedic), and because he can. The explanations here and here are plenty. His own column would make his position ridiculous all by itself, however. “Mr. Trump lacks the foreign policy experience and demeanor needed to be commander in chief,” he says, as if nobody alerted him that the campaign was over. Yes, we've heard that. Barack Obama, George Bush, Ronald Reagan, Jimmy Carter, Lyndon Johnson and Harry Truman similarly lacked such experience. Arguably, Trump has more than any of them did. Thanks for your observation, Chris: now shut up. The election is over. That argument did not prevail, and you, whoever the hell you are, are neither qualified nor credentialed to apply it to the results of the election now.
“He has surrounded himself with advisers such as Stephen K. Bannon, who claims to be a Leninist and lauds villains and their thirst for power, including Darth Vader. “Rogue One,” the latest “Star Wars” installment, arrives later this month.” Now the theory is that what the President Elect does before he's sworn in can justify voiding the election, is it? Which anonymously written Federalist Paper makes that amendment to the Constitution? Seriously, Chris, don't you have some patients to work on? And now we're using advisors' comments about Star Wars characters as smoking guns? Who are you?
“I believe electors should unify behind a Republican alternative, an honorable and qualified man or woman such as Gov. John Kasich of Ohio,” Chris writes. Kasich lost, and handily, you pompous boob. How dare you? He was a blithering, twitchy, equivocal joke in the debates, roundly rejected by voters in the Republican primaries, and didn't run for election: where do you get off deciding that he should be President instead of Trump? At least Hillary Clinton was on the ballot: if you are going to hijack the process and void millions of votes, at least accept the marginally less stupid argument of the Change.Org petitioners who want to steal the Presidency.
Then there's the matter of the pledge Suprun took that bound him to vote for whoever got the most votes in Texas. At least Art Sisneros, the other Texas elector who decided that he couldn't do what millions of Texans voted in the belief he would do, had the integrity to resign. What standing does Christoper Suprun have to criticize Trump's character, when Suprun swore an oath and now tells us he was crossing his fingers? He had an obligation to refuse to be an elector once he knew that Trump was the Republican candidate.
Chris is lucky he's a paramedic and not a paralegal. If, as many paralegals do, he decided to become a lawyer, violating a pledge would be enough to block his bar membership on the grounds of moral turpitude, as it should be.
Enjoy your perfidy, self-importance and fleeting fame, Christopher. Now we know you can't be trusted.
UPDATE (12/17/16): Since Supron issued his screed, the efforts to use the Electoral College to overturn a fair and legal election have only become more shrill and bizarre, not to mention embarrassing to Democrats for decades if there is any justice. Hollywood actors put out a video (misstating the law and history), and are harassing individual electors by name.Republican electors have been targeted by death threats, harassing phone calls and reams of hate mail. One Texas Republican elector said he's been bombarded with more than 200,000 emails. Politico reports that…
There have been ad campaigns targeting electors and op-eds assailing their role. One Democratic member of Congress has called to delay the vote for president while an investigation of Russian involvement in the election is underway. Two others have pleaded with electors to consider Russia's role when deciding how to vote. Progressive groups are preparing protests across the country at sites where electors will meet to cast their ballots. Personal contact information for many electors has been posted publicly — and it's been used to bury them with massive email campaigns.
A Harvard professor, Larry Lessig, the same odd-ball who ran for the Democratic Presidential nomination on the platform that he would eliminate big money donors in politics and then resign, is serving as central counsel to encourage and defend faithless electors. A Georgetown law professor has announced a theory that the Supreme Court can declare the Electoral College, which is in the Constitution, unconstitutional. Of course, we still hear about Alexander Hamilton's decisively rejected theory that the College should be super-voters who can over-rule their state's citizens' will, as if his too-often quoted Federalist Paper a Constitutional amendment.
Finally an astute lawyer had enough of the nonsense and wrote a well-researched explanation of just how ignorant and legally impossible the Electoral College scheme is. Robert Barnes, in useful post that I wish was about a month earlier, writes,
Congress and courts established a range of precautions against such rogue actions. At the outset, it is important to note that the mythical version of the electoral college — as a “check” against the electorate with a right to vote one's “conscience” against the people — was rejected in the very first election it was used, subsequently invalidated formally in the adoption of the 12th Amendment, and recognized by the Supreme Court and leading jurists and scholars alike. The twinned SCOTUS decisions of McPherson v. Blacker, 146 U.S. 1 (1892) (states enjoy plenary and exclusive power over electors) and Ray v. Blair, 343 U.S. 214 (1952) (finding since the first election of electors role as “simply to register the will of the people”) made that history clear. Whatever Hamilton thought, the actual voters rejected it, and the Twelfth Amendment chose the voters' method rather than Hamilton's. The role of the electors was as a messenger, not as the message.
It gets better. Read it all. Then send it to your silly friends blathering on about Federalist Paper 68.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Belgium's final World Cup warmup against Tunisia was temporarily halted tonight because of a massive hailstorm.
The match was stopped in the 24th minute after torrential rain turned into giant hail stones as big as golf balls.
The score was 0-0 when the game was interrupted.
Vincent Kompany and co were forced to trot off the pitch as they were pelted by the freak weather.
Ground staff are currently out on the pitch trying to get rid of the hail stones in a desperate bid to restart the match.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Tuesday but settled below session highs after Libya announced the reopening of pipelines after a two-year blockade that ended earlier this month.
Crude oil tanks at Kinder Morgan's terminal are seen in Sherwood Park, near Edmonton, Alberta, Canada November 13, 2016. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
Benchmark Brent crude futures LCOc1 settled up 43 cents, or 0.8 percent, to $55.35 a barrel after touching an intraday high of $55.92. U.S. crude futures CLc1 rose 11 cents to $52.23 a barrel.
Prices came off highs in the afternoon after Libya's National Oil Corp said pipelines from its western fields had been reopened. It expects to add 270,000 barrels a day in state production in the next three months. Protesters agreed last week to end a longstanding blockade.
Conflict and political disputes have cut Libya's production to just 600,000 barrels a day, far below output of 1.6 million before uprisings in 2011.
The market's primary focus in recent months has been on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which has agreed to cut output by 1.2 million barrels daily.
Non-OPEC producers also agreed to also limit output. Traders expect U.S. inventories to decline in coming weeks, but oil may trade in a range until early indications in January of whether producers are holding to their pledges.
“We think the next catalyst is not going to be until mid-January until we start to see details on who is cutting and who has upheld their end,” said John Macaluso, trader at Tyche Capital Advisors in Mineola, New York.
OPEC's agreement to cut supply did not include Libya, so its added production may undermine the group's efforts to reduce a global crude glut.
The deal to cut global supply among OPEC and non-OPEC producers struck this month has boosted oil prices to 17-month highs.
The market is awaiting official U.S. data on weekly inventories, due Wednesday morning. Analysts polled by Reuters expected U.S. crude oil inventories to show a draw of 2.4 million barrels in the week to Dec. 16. [EIA/S]
The American Petroleum Institute, an industry group, will release its figures late Tuesday, ahead of official government figures.
U.S. gasoline futures RBc1 rose 1.8 percent at $1.5917 a gallon on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Traders expect low imports to result in an drawdown for products when the U.S. Energy Department releases new data on Wednesday.
Crude stocks fell more than expected last week, feeding expectations for another large drop in this week's figures.
Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon said Friday that he hopes to help lure tens of thousands of new jobs to the Valley before he finishes his last year in office.
"This Valley will have 35,000 new jobs in one year," Gordon said.
Gordon held a roundtable with reporters to discuss economic-development priorities and his overall plans as he winds down his eighth and final year as mayor.
The mayor said many of those jobs he hopes to bring to the Valley will target the health-care and energy sectors, and he plans to work with state officials, including Gov. Jan Brewer, on the regional effort.
Arizona's unemployment rate is hovering around 9.4 percent, according to the most recent figures from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Gordon said he hopes to spend his last year as mayor stemming those job losses through continued national and international travel, building relationships with business leaders and companies interested in moving to Phoenix.
He said reaching out to the business community is important because of Arizona's tarnished image from the recent passage of Senate Bill 1070, the state's controversial immigration law.
Arizona will also face more scrutiny over the immigrant-baby debate, efforts of some lawmakers to deny citizenship to U.S.-born children but whose parents are undocumented immigrants.
"Businesses don't want to be in the center of controversy," said Gordon, who has been a vocal opponent of SB 1070.
This month, Gordon plans to head to Mexico and Washington, D.C., to continue building economic development links.
Although this was just the second game of preseason, Buffalo Bills coach Sean McDermott and his team looked ill-prepared in Thursday's matchup versus the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Bills showed the regular symptoms of preseason football and struggled to move the ball early, scoring just six points in the first half, finishing with 16.
There weren't many highlights from the game, but there is being plenty for McDermott and company to chew on with just two preseason games remaining.
Tyrod Taylor pressured early and often
Coach McDermott stated earlier this week that most of the starters would play around a quarter or so of the game. Despite that, it wasn't enough for Bills starting quarterback Tyrod Taylor to get a couple clean series of work in.
Taylor couldn't buy more than a second in the pocket and ended up being sacked twice.
Left tackle Seantrel Henderson was the victim multiple times. He got worked by Eagles edge rushers and is slowly erasing his name from the final roster after his poor performance in back-to-back weeks.
The Eagles did something on Thursday that Taylor and offensive coordinator Rick Dennison will need to prepare for in the regular season. Philadelphia opted for six men in the box to pressure Taylor. It did this because Buffalo doesn't have a wide receiver with speed who can beat a defensive back before the pressure gets to Taylor, who is then forced to rush a throw.
Taylor finished his day 8-of-18 for 53 yards and two interceptions. One was to Ronald Darby, who returned for 48 yards almost a week after being traded by the Bills.
LeSean McCoy in 2016 form
One of the biggest positives on Buffalo's offense was running back LeSean McCoy. Although he only had four rushes for 21 yards, he showed he is again ready to be a top running back in 2017.
On McCoy's first run, he made a quick juke on Darby, leaving the former Buffalo Bill in his dust on a 13-yard run.
McCoy is coming into this season with Buffalo in a very different situation than the last two. The Bills shipped wide receiver Sammy Watkins off to the Los Angeles Rams last week, leaving McCoy as one of the only players on the offense that can frighten an opposing defense.
A lot of pressure will be on McCoy's shoulders this season. The ninth-year player is tasked with carrying the offense while again looking to finish as a top-10 rusher in the NFL.
Penalties still an issue
Ed Hochuli and his officials made some questionable calls and proved the referees need preseason work as well. Fifteen penalties are just unacceptable in any game.
Buffalo was called for 12 just penalties in the first half. It finished with 15 penalties adding up to 131 yards.
McDermott said this about the penalties heading into halftime, “Second week in a row. Can't do that to ourselves.”
The officials may need to ice their shoulders after this game, and Buffalo needs to hone in on the self-inflicted mistakes. Penalties were a thing of Rex Ryan's teams and cannot carry into McDermott's.
Nathan Peterman shines
The Bills' fifth-round pick looked cool and collected on nearly every throw.
The rookie quarterback recognized mismatches often. He found Zay Jones along the sidelines for 22 yards before the half and Rod Streater for 28 yards in the third quarter.
Multiple times Peterman read the defense well to make smart throws. Peterman looked much better than fellow quarterback T.J. Yates and reaffirmed Buffalo's decision to move Peterman ahead of him as the No. 2 quarterback on the depth chart.
Run defense stout
The Bills' run defense was in form Thursday night and held the Eagles to just 66 rushing yards. Buffalo looked far different than in 2016 when it was No. 29 against the run and had players in the backfield multiple times.
The switch back to the 4-3 could be a major reason the Bills step up their rushing defense this year. The 4-3 frees up the front four to focus on attacking the run, as they have done in the past with great success.
Another positive for the defense: it didn't allow a third-down conversion for the first three quarters. The Eagles finished 2-for-12 in third-down efficiency, much of which was attributed to early run stops that forced Philadelphia into long-yardage situations on second and third down.
Zay Jones showcases talents
With 45 seconds remaining in the first half, Nathan Peterman hit fellow rookie Zay Jones for a 22-yard tow tap sideline catch.
The next play, Peterman again targeted the wide receiver on a fade in the end zone. Jones made the catch again but stepped out of bounds with his second foot by inches, forcing the Bills to convert a field goal to end the first half. Still, the chemistry there was clearly.
Jones looked tremendous after not receiving a single target in the preseason opener. Jones showcased his quick cuts and his great hands.
With Jordan Matthews and Anquan Boldin heading up the receiving depth chart for Week 1 vs the New York Jets, Jones is the quickest of the three and could see a lot of time working on the outside. Buffalo is still trying to figure out who could be the deep threat that takes the top off the defense. Jones is looking as good as advertised and should see a lot of playing time in 2017.
Still lots of work ahead
Thursday's game in Philadelphia showed the Bills still have their work cut out for them.
With any first-year coach, you don't expect the success to come immediately and this game definitely brought Buffalo back to reality. The Bills finished the game with an unacceptable amount of penalties and looked sloppy throughout all 60 minutes.
Although training camp may be over, Buffalo needs to value every remaining practice. There is a lot to learning ahead for the newcomers to the franchise and not a lot of time.
newsletter Get 10 hot stories each day Thanks for signing up.
Please check your email for a confirmation. Thanks for signing up.
Please check your email for a confirmation.
Kurome : " Thanks for Helping, but why did you help me even i was bad ? "
Decade : " I was called Bad Guy too, even sometimes every entire world want to kill me, but even very bad guy have some chance to redeem his/her mistake. Let's just say we have some similarity. "
Kurome : *smirk* " Similarity huh, then can you tell me who you are ? "
Decade : * Summon Ridebooker *" Just passing through Kamen Rider, remember it. "
Kurome : " I will remember that if we can survive this. " * summoning her Megaphone *
Decade : " Heh,Fair enough ! " * Change Ridebooker into sword mode *
Well back again to Deviant after gone for long~ ;v
The Hebrew term metzitzah b'peh (MBP) describes a ritual practiced by some ultra-Orthodox Jewish circumcisers in which they orally suck the blood away from an infant's penis after cutting away his foreskin. The practice, which we previously covered here and here, is exactly as unhygienic and indefensible as it sounds, frequently resulting in the transmission of communicable diseases, and sometimes even in brain damage and death.
Two additional Jewish infants just received more than a circumcision — the mohels who sucked them off suctioned away the blood with their mouths gave them a case of full-blown herpes.
Reports New York City's Department of Health:
In July 2014, the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene received reports of two new cases of HSV [herpes simplex virus] infection in newborn male infants following direct orogenital suction. Since 2000, a total of 16 laboratory-confirmed cases of HSV-infection attributable to direct orogenital suction have been reported to the Health Department; three of these cases were reported in 2014 alone. Two of the 16 infants died, and at least two others suffered brain damage.
The Jewish Daily Forward adds that
The city's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene has tried to warn parents of the risks of MBP, which is particularly prevalent among the city's ultra-Orthodox Jews. In January, 2013, the city instituted a regulation that forced mohels to get written consent from parents before performing the rite. But ultra-Orthodox groups say that MBP is safe and many mohels refuse to comply with the regulation. Since the regulation was enforced, four infants have contracted the disease.
‘Cause why bother following common sense, the Hippocratic Oath, or the law when your God commands you to place your mouth on an infant's bleeding penis?
It seems that to these believers, infecting babies — and sometimes killing them — is a small price to pay for obeisance to your 4,000-year-old superstitions.
Filmmaker Ami Horowitz has put forth a fantastic video that completely dismantles the left-wing myth of white privilege by using the Left's own words against them.
The video begins with Horowitz interviewing a number of white people at a so-called "White Privilege Conference" in Kansas City, Missouri, and asking them if they believe that every white person is a beneficiary of white privilege. The white leftists say yes, with one lady saying that she feels "super guilty all the time." In fact, a number of the white leftists Horowitz interviewed claimed that all whites in America are racist.
Then Horowitz asked the same people if it was "wrong to judge people collectively." They all answered yes, seemingly unaware of the obvious contradiction that Horowitz caught them in.
When Horowitz proceeded to ask them how white privilege benefited them that day, none of them were able to give a coherent answer except one who said he "sat in my room until 12:30 this morning." Despite the lack of examples of how white privilege gave them a leg up that day, the white leftists maintained that white privilege is an impediment to blacks every day.
So Horowitz decided to go to Jackie Robinson Housing Projects in Harlem to ask blacks if they felt that they were "consumed with the idea of white privilege" on a daily basis. Much to the chagrin of race-baiting white leftists, they all said no.
One lady said, "My mom didn't raise me to view color as the object of anything." Another lady said that it was harmful to spread the myth of privilege because it gives black kids "no hope." One man flat-out called white privilege "a myth," citing the fact that he had seen a number of kids in the housing project go on to lead successful careers.
But it was the man running a food stand on the street who said it best in the video: "It's America. If you're willing to put forth an effort, you'll do what you gotta do." He later added, "If you let something stop you, then that's you."
The video then circles back to one female white leftist who is asked if white people need to shut up; she responds by saying, "White people should definitely shut the f*** up." Once again, she seemed to be unaware of the thick irony.
To add the cherry on top, the video ends with Hillary Clinton saying in her usual robotic-like voice, "We white Americans need to do a better job of listening when African-Americans talk."
The full video can be seen below or on Facebook:
Follow Aaron Bandler on Twitter.
An Amish man turned heads as he whizzed by fellow runners in a recent marathon — not because of his speed but because of his unusual racing attire.
Twenty-two-year-old Leroy Stolzfus finished the 26.2-mile Harrisburg Marathon on Nov. 8 in just over three hours and five minutes, while wearing his community's traditional clothing.
Stolzfus said he's used to running in slacks and suspenders, and he believes he would have run closer to a 3-hour marathon if he hadn't started out so fast.
“I was feeling good, but I kind of almost crashed at mile 15,” Stolzfus told PennLive.com.
His clothes were not a factor, the Gordonville resident insists. He did wear sneakers.
“I had no pain whatsoever,” he said. “It was more mental anguish than in my legs. You have to train yourself not to think about it. It will just slow you down.
“I was once told by someone that it's 20 percent training and 80 percent mental,” he added. “I do believe that.”
Stolzfus, who finished under a minute short of a Boston Marathon qualifying time for his age group, said he turns to running whenever he's tempted to sin. After getting “involved with some stuff” he said he shouldn't have, he was introduced to running by his brother-in-law.
“I ran between 2 and 3 miles, and I thought, ‘Wow, this is hard,' ” he said.
But he stuck with it.
Unlike most runners, Stolz-fus does not run every day. But he makes a point to get in at least 20 miles a week.
“It's a natural talent, but I do a lot more training than I used to,” he said.
Stolzfus is an evening runner, as he arrives at his job at a tobacco shop around 6 a.m. He spends most of his day lifting things in the store and is on his feet a lot. He walks to and from the bus stop, at least a mile each way every day.
“I think the type of work I do, lifting all day, and all the walking really helps,” he said.
Stolzfus said he is interested in running an ultramarathon and attempting to qualify for the Boston Marathon.
“I'll get there,” he said. “I just got to train a little harder.”
If you've paid any attention to physics or physical science research in the past few years, you've heard about the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), the world's largest and highest-energy particle accelerator. The LHC was built partially with the hopes of finding the elusive Higgs boson, a theorized but undiscovered particle which, if found, would sew up nicely our understanding of the relationship between mass and energy.
The Higgs boson is the only particle left in our understanding of particle physics (called the Standard Model) that we haven't discovered. We think it exists — there's math that postulates it does — it simply has never been observed. This is why it's called the “God Particle,” because it's the particle that would explain the difference between objects with mass and objects that have only energy — objects with form and objects without.
If we do find it, we'll know that we have the right idea about how particles acquire mass — as in, how photons, riding on beams of light, have no mass at all, while the W and Z bosons (two particles that govern the “weak force,” one of the fundamental forces that keep atoms together) have the masses that they do, and why other subatomic particles have the weights that they have.
Faced with the mystery, English physicist Peter Higgs set out to understand how exactly energy in the universe became mass — how particles, with their wave-like characteristics, acquired mass and interacted with other particles around them. He theorized of a field, one that made up the lattice of the entire universe, that's responsible for the mass of objects, specifically particles. The Higgs boson would be a density of that field, or an observable indication that it exists.
So why are physicists around the world eagerly searching for the Higgs? The field itself, aside from being the explanation for why everything in the universe has mass, is also one of the final pieces of the puzzle we call the Standard Model of physics.
It neatly ties together elements of quantum mechanics and electromagnetism, and would be an integral part of the material world that we all live in. Plus, it may even interact with other particles we have yet to discover, like the ones that may make up dark matter.
The trouble is we won't know if the field exists unless we find the Higgs boson, or some indication that there's a mechanism that allows particles to acquire mass. This is precisely what the latest generation of particle accelerators like the LHC and the Tevatron are trying to solve.
The diagram here shows the current status of the search for the Higgs boson, as of March 2011. The green areas are spaces we're sure it doesn't exist, and can either observe or easily test for it. The orange areas are spaces where Tevatron has tested and found nothing with either a 95% or a 90% confidence level. The white spaces are areas we haven't looked. The spaces below 157 gigaelectronvolts (GeV) (and to a lesser extent between 180 GeV and 185 GeV) are the prime targets for the LHC, which has the sensitivity to observe that range.
By slamming particles together at even higher velocities and watching what happens to the subatomic particles and their energy levels after they've been smashed together, physicists can examine the mass and energy of the particles before they collided, and then the mass and energy of everything they saw after the collision, including all of the bits, waves, and subatomic particles afterward, and see what's left over or how those bits interacted with one another. Currently, the LHC is the one collider in the world with the power to smash subatomic particles together at the energy needed to look for the Higgs, no offense to the Tevatron and the folks at Fermilab.
Even today, the search is on. Every so often there are reports that someone's found something at LHC or Tevatron, or that a discovery has been made, all of which are quickly tamped down by the researchers there, mostly because it doesn't count until it's been reviewed, analyzed, and documented properly. In modern physics, there are very few “eureka!” moments, and a lot of plodding through data and calculations for years. In fact, even as the search for the Higgs continues, there are other physicists working on theories that would explain the same phenomenon without the need for the Higgs boson or the Higgs field at all — if it doesn't exist, science will just march on to the next set of likely theories.
To that end, it may be years before physicists can confidently say there is a Higgs boson, a Higgs Field, or that we understand the mechanism by which the particles that make up everything around us in the universe actually have mass, as opposed to just being formless energy.
What are reasonable expectations of behavior in public places? Photo by Johan Ordoñez/AFP/Getty Images
Earlier this year, I was out to dinner with a friend and our combined eight kids. My 14-year-old son, Jonah, who has autism, was very excited about the imminent arrival of his hamburger and french fries, so he was acting as he does when he's happy: bouncing in his seat, clapping his hands, and vocalizing a mishmash of squawks and catchphrases from his favorite Sesame Street videos. He wasn't exceedingly loud, but the oddness of his behavior had clearly caught the attention of an older gentleman at the one other table occupied at that early hour.
“Shhhhhhh,” he hissed from across the room.
Everyone at the table instantly froze—except, of course, for Jonah. “I'm sorry,” I explained, rising from my seat and taking a few steps toward him so I wouldn't have to holler. “My son is autistic … ”
“Oh, sorry,” he said.
“He's not trying to disturb you intentionally … ”
“I heard you the first time,” he snapped.
My face burned as I returned to my seat, his gratuitous nastiness instantly draining the joy from my evening. I spent the rest of the dinner constantly shushing Jonah, even though we had specifically decided to eat out at 6 on a Thursday night in a casual eatery so we wouldn't have to hold any of the kids to impossible standards of behavior.
It turns out my friend and I weren't the only ones who have been discussing the rights of disabled individuals in the community, the responsibilities of their families, and the expectations of the public, as we did that evening. Two recent high-profile incidents focused the nation's attention on this very issue.
First, Whole Foods faced the ire of the autism community after a contracted security guard at a Milwaukee grocery allegedly told the sister of a 26-year-old autistic man who had taken some food from the hot bar that “he needed to get out of the store and not come back unless he was on a leash.” Although the guard resigned, Whole Foods apologized, and sensitivity training was arranged for the entire staff, a spokesperson gently pointed out this wasn't the first time Michael Goldman had helped himself from the prepared trays. Even if his sister paid for the food, as she offered to do, it's unclear what expenses the store might have had to absorb if Goldman had used his hands, contaminating the entire tray. As the parent of an autistic teen who is also a threat to snatch food, I wondered along with many others why his sister hadn't been glued to his side—or even, as I would have been, physically guiding him by the arm or shoulder—in such a tempting environment.
The next week, Michael Garcia, a waiter at a Houston restaurant called Lorenzo's, received mass acclaim after refusing to serve a family who changed tables to get away from a 5-year-old with Down syndrome. The customer allegedly complained to Garcia that “special needs children need to be special somewhere else.”
To sum up the fallout from these incidents: It's not OK to be offended by the sight of disabled people in the community or to insult them or their family members. However, neither is it OK for anyone, disabled or not, to engage in dangerous, illegal, and/or unsanitary behaviors.
Pretty broad parameters, no doubt, but hopefully ones we can all agree on.
Where it gets tricky is in the middle. What are reasonable expectations of behavior in public places? Like many autistic individuals, Jonah is virtually incapable of doing anything quietly. He has been scowled at on airplanes, in movie theaters, in restaurants, and in bookstores. And I get it—I prefer a quiet airplane ride as much as the next person. But what I keep coming back to is that community, by definition, is inclusive. Ideally, our public spaces should accommodate everyone. Which means that expecting kids like Jonah to just stay home isn't reasonable. Nor should we think of this issue in terms of what discomfort or awkwardness people without disabilities are willing to tolerate, because that suggests a troubling hierarchy of privilege. Instead, we need to ask ourselves how best to share our common facilities.
As anyone who's ever parented young children knows, there are two ways of sharing: taking turns or using something together. Turn-taking seems to be particularly in vogue of late, at least when it comes to autistic people in the community: Zoos, amusement parks, bowling alleys, roller skating rinks, movie theaters and purveyors of just about any type of entertainment imaginable are setting aside time particularly for individuals with autism and their families. These are fabulous programs that allow autistic children to have fun and try new activities. They also take the pressure off parents, who don't have to worry their kids are being too loud or just too weird—because I think it's often the strangeness of autistic behavior that disturbs people, not simply the volume. My four younger kids have done their share of enthusiastic joking and singing in restaurants and other public spaces, but no one has questioned the appropriateness of their presence as some have done after observing Jonah chant, “Mommy Aunt Keri with a Daddy song” while wiggling his fingers in front of his face until he goes cross-eyed.
There's no question that separation makes things easier for everyone. After another older patron at the same establishment complained on a different night about Jonah watching his touch-screen device while waiting for his dinner, we permanently moved our group into a party room apart from the main dining room. I'm finally able to relax—we don't have to make Jonah stay in his seat or constantly remind the seven other kids to use their “indoor voices.” Philosophically, however, it bothers me: What are my children, and my friend's children, learning about the place of the disabled in the community? Will they grow up thinking it's perfectly natural for people like Jonah to literally be shunted into a back room?
So I guess I prefer the messier way of sharing, where everyone's in it together. This is typically what occurs, and typically it works out: We, the parents of potentially disruptive kids like Jonah, generally don't take them to the ballet or other live performances that require quiet audiences. We take them to movies that have already been out for weeks, and we go at off times. Instead of going to the Four Seasons on Valentine's Day, we take them to family-friendly restaurants where, honestly, it's unreasonable for anyone to expect much ambience.
And most people are pretty accepting. They're busy with their own affairs, for the most part. Even if they do notice us, they know it's rude to stare, and I've actually caught several parents surreptitiously using us as a teaching moment to explain to their kids why they shouldn't point. When Jonah bumps into strangers while he's spinning, they usually accept our apologies and move on without making a big deal out of it. While there are obviously still those who feel that autistic children belong “on a leash,” I think there are more who want to help—people who let us step in front of them in line at Wendy's, for example, because they know that waiting can be extremely difficult for kids in this population. And I have to say, there's no charitable gesture I can think of that beats, in terms of pure value, letting a family with a child with autism or a similar disability cut in line. It costs only a few minutes of your time, but it can make a tremendous difference for that family, who may have been forced to leave—without their lunch, or their groceries, or even their turn down the waterslide—because of their child's increasing agitation.
When the public routinely encounters disabled individuals in the community—sees them running the same errands, enjoying the same activities, and yes, even struggling with things that come easily for others, you get the level of compassion shown in an April 2012 segment of ABC's “What Would You Do?” In the hidden-camera video, patrons of a New Jersey restaurant universally supported the family of an autistic teen (all played by actors) against a single diner (also an actor) who was offended by the teenager's disruptive behavior. What had me sobbing in front of my computer was that even when the actor playing the autistic boy actually snatched french fries off the man's plate, the other diners rallied behind the family, comforted the parents, and applauded when the man stormed out.
I don't expect that much acceptance. But I think we can do better than “I heard you the first time.”
Back in 2000, the first official CD of the Eurovision Song Contest was released. Now, the retro lovers will be able to listen to this year's 43 entries on vinyls as well!
The official Eurovision Song Contest shop now presents a set which includes this year's entries in three different formats: vinyls, CDs and a download code for digital files. A coffee table book featuring the greatest moments of the upcoming contest will be included as well, and therefore the set will be released only on 23 June 2017.
The uniqueness of each each set is ensured as they are serialized and produced in a limited quantity.
Furthermore, the shop is now updated with several 2017 products such as balloons, clothing, posters, the official CD and DVD – and for the first time – a Blu-Ray edition of the contest for a true HD experience.
This is not the only Vinyl available in the Eurovision section this year; as the single of the Italian entry, Occidentali's Karma, was also released as a 7″ vinyl and available for purchasing via Amazon Italy.
The Vinyl Set, which is priced at €139, as well as the other new products, are available for ordering via the official Eurovision shop.
NaturalNews - What happened in Fukushima, Japan on March 11, 2011 may be the most sinister global disaster in the recorded history of our planet. The repercussions of this historic disaster will remain for centuries to come. The manifestations of nuclear radiation from the meltdown of the reactors in Fukushima will haunt humanity in ways that we'll only discover over time. The obvious poisoning of our food, water, and air is just the beginning of what is happening to humanity, animal and plant life, and the planet.
In an interview with Harry Jabs, a nuclear physicist with as masters degree from Texas A&M and who has a Diploma in Physics from the University of Hamburg in Germany, we expose what had to have happened in Fukushima on March 11 and the weeks and months that followed. It is a shocking story that many cannot read without either disbelief or utter shock.
What happened that led to the suppression of this most critical story? What is being reported in the news is that the Japanese Women's Soccer Team won the world championships in Germany this past week. There is almost nothing in the news about the biggest disaster the planet has ever faced in its recorded history. Let's review the story of what actually happened on March 11th and in the weeks and months afterward that was for the most part either downplayed or withheld from international news. The power of the press, now that the Murdoch issue has been exposed and sensationalized, in making or breaking a story cannot be underestimated. It makes one wonder who is behind controlling the press, and for what reasons.
Every nuclear physicist knows that a meltdown of a nuclear power plant will occur within a few hours of the loss of cooling with water. It had to be absolutely clear that a meltdown had occurred in several nuclear reactors in Fukushima on March 11th because there was a loss of the water cooling system on that day. All of the complex failsafe backup systems that protect a nuclear plant from a meltdown failed. How this happened has never been disclosed in its entirety. Why?
Three explosions that were likely low-grade nuclear reactions that were purported to be caused by hydrogen. However, films of this explosion shown in the news are strongly suggestive of reactions that were far more violent than one would expect from hydrogen by itself. None of the reactors in Fukushima has been documented to be controlled. The spread of radiation through the air was the first evidence of nuclear contamination from Fukushima. However, this was just a beginning. No one can exist in the vicinity of any of the six nuclear plants in Fukushima because of dangerous high levels of radiation. At this point, what could be done to prevent a complete meltdown of all six nuclear plants? If you can't get near it, how can you fix it? No living organism can get within miles of these plants to do the cleanup and containment that needs to be done to stop their ongoing contamination. Even worse, we know that several of these reactors are leaking radiation into the Pacific Ocean. There is obviously no way to control the leakage now or perhaps ever.
Chernobyl taught us many lessons about what a meltdown means. It took 500,000 Russian people to work to encapsulate the Chernobyl nuclear reactor to stop the spread of radiation. Many of them have died from complications of radiation poisoning and tens of thousands are suffering from radiation sickness. Japan has no mechanism that can accomplish this feat. Perhaps we're being encouraged to close our eyes and hope it will all go away... Maybe there are other more sinister reasons.
Our challenge now is to find ways to protect ourselves the best we can from this massive catastrophe. Building a powerful antioxidant defense system can do a lot to deal with low levels of radiation exposure. We can do this though diet, exercise, proper sleep, stress reduction, and taking antioxidant supplements. It is also possible to purify radiation contaminated water using an affordable reverse osmosis system. You can learn more about how to protect yourself from radiation on my website, doctorsaputo.com. For a more detailed video accounting of this story, click the following LINK.
The dangers of nuclear power plants are now obvious. It is remarkable that there are dozens of them in the US and that many of them are built on earthquake faults and that they are vulnerable to natural disasters such as floods, tornadoes, tsunamis, and hurricanes. It is time that we take a careful look at what we have done and prepare for the future with more foresight.
Internet site:
Internet site: LINK
Japa mala, made from tulasi wood, with head bead in foreground
A Japamala or mala (Sanskrit:माला; mālā, meaning garland[1]) is a string of prayer beads commonly used by Hindus, Buddhists, Jains and some Sikhs for the spiritual practice known in Sanskrit as japa. It is usually made from 108 beads, though other numbers are also used. Malas are used for keeping count while reciting, chanting, or mentally repeating a mantra or the name or names of God.
Usage [ edit ]
Mantras are typically repeated hundreds or even thousands of times. The mala is used so that one can focus on the meaning or sound of the mantra rather than counting its repetitions. One repetition is usually said for each bead while turning the thumb clockwise around each bead, though some traditions or practices may call for counterclockwise motion or specific finger usage. When arriving at the head bead, one turns the mala around and then goes back in the opposing direction. There are typically knots between each bead. This makes using the mala easier as the beads will not be as tight on the string when used.
If more than 108 repetitions are to be done, then sometimes in Tibetan traditions grains of rice are counted out before the chanting begins and one grain is placed in a bowl for each 108 repetitions. Each time a full mala of repetitions has been completed, one grain of rice is removed from the bowl. Often, practitioners add extra counters to their malas, usually in strings of ten. These may be positioned differently depending on the tradition; for example some traditions place these strings after every 10th bead. This is an alternative way to keep track of large numbers, sometimes going into the hundreds of thousands, and even millions.
The 109th bead on a mala is called the sumeru, bindu, stupa, or guru bead. Counting should always begin with a bead next to the sumeru. In the Hindu, Vedic tradition, if more than one mala of repetitions is to be done, one changes directions when reaching the sumeru rather than crossing it.
There are numerous explanations why there are 108 beads, with the number 108 bearing special religious significance in a number of Hindu and Buddhist traditions.
27 Constellations x 4 Padas (parts) = 108
12 Zodiac Houses x 9 Planets = 108
Upanishads or the Scriptures of the Vedas = 108
Thus, when we recite or recount number 108, we are actually remembering the entire universe. This reminds us of the fact that the universal self is omnipresent, that is the innate nature of the self.[2]
Variations in usage [ edit ]
Some Hindu traditions hold that the correct way to use a mala is with the right hand, with the thumb flicking one bead to the next, and with the mala draped over the middle finger. The index finger represents ego, the greatest impediment to self-realization, so it is considered best avoided when chanting on a mala.
In northeast India, particularly those in the Shakta traditions in West Bengal and Assam, the mala is often draped on the ring finger of the right hand, with beads moved by the middle finger with aid of the thumb and avoiding the use of the index finger. However, draping the mala over the middle finger and using the thumb to move the beads is also acceptable in these regions.
Materials [ edit ]
Prayer beads made of rudraksha
A wide variety of materials are used to make mala beads. Beads made from the seeds of the rudraksha tree are considered sacred by Saivas, devotees of Siva, while beads made from the wood of the tulsi plant are used and revered by Vaishnavas, followers of Vishnu. Other common beads include wood or seeds from the sandalwood tree or the Bodhi tree, and seeds of the Lotus plant. Some Tibetan Buddhist traditions call for the use of animal bone (most commonly yak), those of past Lamas being the most valuable. Semiprecious stones such as carnelian and amethyst may be used, as well. In Hindu Tantra, as well as Buddhist Tantra (or Vajrayana), materials and colors of the beads can relate to a specific practice.like in hinduism red and black hakik for taamsik sadhna sphatik or quartz for praying any god red moonga stone mainly for praising hanuman
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Some 187,000 apps could be rendered useless with the launch of "iOS 11," according to an app analytics firm, assuming the anticipated update is when Apple plans to kill 32-bit support.
The number represents about 8 percent of all titles on the App Store, Sensor Tower said. The real-world figure could potentially be much higher though, as the firm's numbers are based on apps that were submitted prior to the Sept. 2013 launch of the iPhone 5s and haven't been updated since.The iPhone 5s was the first iOS device to include a 64-bit processor, but it was only in Feb. 2015 that Apple required new apps to offer 64-bit support. For updates to existing apps, the cutoff was a few months later in June.With the first iOS 10.3 beta, Apple inserted a message warning that 32-bit apps "will not work with future versions of iOS." Previously iOS only cautioned that 32-bit apps might slow down a device."iOS 11" would be a logical cutoff point. The finished 10.3 update has yet to be released, and Apple is expected to reveal iOS 11 during its Worldwide Developers Conference in June Many apps could be potentially be removed from the App Store by the time "iOS 11" launches later in the year. Recently the company engaged in a purge of broken or outdated apps, and indeed Sensor Tower noted that 47,300 apps vanished in October alone.iOS 10.3 will bring in a number of changes, including the switch to a new filesystem , APFS, and the addition of a Find My AirPods app . It will also incorporate an official Reviews API, which may reduce the tendency of apps to ask for ratings.
A man with a bionic penis claims to have received dozens of messages from women eager to have sexual intercourse with him.
Mohammed Abar, 44, lost his sex organ in an accident when he was younger. However, he recently had a bionic penis installed and claims he has been inundated with over 50 messages from women eager to experience his prosthetic manhood.
“I get a lot of messages from women online who ask me if I will have sex with them,” he said. “They've heard about my bionic penis and they want to try it out. They are all very intrigued and think I can make love for hours,” he continued.
“It's not that I don't want to and I get offers, but I have been so busy with work. I work 14-hour shifts every day and by the time I get home I'm just too tired for sex,” he said.
Unfortunately for Mohammed, he will not be able to have children, despite his bionic penis, after attempts during the operation to extract his sperm failed.
However he could soon be tying the knot permanently, after he revealed his parents are looking to organise an arranged marriage.
“We're speaking to a few parties at the moment. I don't care what she looks like,she could be tall, short, thin or fat. I prefer personality to looks. My parents will find me a suitable match,” he added.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com
Today, I'm here to talk to you about one of the more contentious arguments in our hobby.
No, I'm not going to talk about which edition of a particular game is my favorite. I'm also not going to talk about the GM “cheating” by fudging dice results. Instead I'm going to take you to a subject that has divided tabletop gamers for a long time.
This argument is as old as character creation itself.
More specifically I'm going to tell you why I prefer point buy over randomly generated stats for my characters. For some, brought up in the days of 1st and 2nd Edition Dungeons and Dragons, the very notion of buying your character's statistics is sacrilege. You roll the dice and you play what you are given. That's how it's always been and how it always will be for them. They find joy in the randomness and unpredictability of the character they may be given to play.
I don't. I find it caters to a certain style of character design that I just don't agree with. I think we can all agree that the various numbers on the character are the skeleton that the rest of the character hangs off of. Characterization, personality, and everything else are the parts of the character that hide the ugly bare bones and muscle that propel the character through the game. But to me, randomly generating those stats is akin to building the skeleton without knowing what that character is going to look like. Is he going to be tall or short? Is he going to have the standard two arms and legs? Is he even going to be a he? And when that happens, I've found that having one leg be longer than the other or a shoulder joint that doesn't work quite right is a lot more common. When I have to build a character to fit the framework I'm given, I get a lot less enjoyment out of the game, especially when the numbers aren't able to be used to fit a given concept.
Instead, I would much rather build the skeleton to fit the concept that I have. Point buy gives a player that control to build a character that he is happy with, making the numbers fit how he wants it to play. Or at the very least you can set your character on the correct path to eventually fulfilling the concept you have for him after several sessions.
“But roleplaying a flawed character is a very rewarding challenge!” I hear some of you crying. And this is true. But in my mind, being forced into accepting a flaw is going to be more of an exercise in frustration than fun nine times out of ten. Besides, the most rewarding flaws I've ever played had nothing to do with the numbers. Being forced into a situation in which I have to roleplay a character with low intelligence is not a flaw. It is not something that he can overcome. It is a truth on his character sheet.
A disease like alcoholism or drug addiction or cancer has nothing to do with a number that is on the character sheet. These are things that can be further highlighted by numbers on the sheet – a character who has sought answers in the bottom of a bottle for years may find himself with shattered health, resulting in severely diminished physical attributes, but a low Constitution score is not indicative of that. Yes, you can get there from randomly generated stats and coming up with a Constitution score of 6. But to me that is very much a case of putting the cart before the horse. You may have a vehicle, but you have no means to drive it. It can make any further characterization seem forced and shoehorned to fit into that character instead of letting the character grow organically from your original decision and your choices.
But point buy to me isn't just about statistics and attributes. It's about all aspects of character creation. It's one of the reasons I think I love superhero gaming so much, even if I don't run or play it very often. Because those superpowers are so varied those systems seem to necessitate some kind of point buy system. And in implementing that kind of system you give the player all sorts of other choices to make. How powerful do I want this ability to be? How reliable or dangerous do I want it? Am I willing to make sacrifices in one area to make it more effective in another area? And maybe it's just the designer in me, but having full and complete control over all of those knobs and dials just makes me incredibly happy and makes the resulting character so much more fun to play.
I've really enjoyed seeing the industry embrace the concept of more controlled character creation over the past few years and moving away from the more random elements of character creation. In the end, what it really comes down to for me is choice. With point buy, I am making the choice to build my character this way. With anything else, that choice is being made for me. And I just don't grok that.
Agree? Disagree? Sounds off in the comments!
The following two tabs change content below. Bio
Latest Posts Ben Erickson Contributing Writer for d20 Radio Mild mannered fraud analyst by day, incorrigible system tinker monkey by night, Ben has taken a strong interest in roleplaying games since grade school, especially when it comes to creation and world building. After being introduced to the idea through the Final Fantasy series and kit-bashing together several games with younger brother and friends in his earliest years to help tell their stories, he was introduced to the official world of tabletop roleplaying games through the boxed introductory set of West End Games Star Wars Roleplaying Game before moving into Dungeons and Dragons. Latest posts by Ben Erickson see all) The Workshop: Creature Feature – The Shambling Mound - February 26, 2019
Comments
comments
ISTANBUL — The domes of the great mosques, covered in white. The soaring minarets that draw Istanbul's singular skyline, peeking out behind a gray haze of flurries. The street carts selling roasted chestnuts, the old tram making its way slowly, the street cats huddling around heaters in cafes — all gave the city the feel of an old black-and-white photograph.
Snow in Istanbul always feels magical, but for a few days this week and last, a blizzard — at more than a foot, it was the heaviest snowfall since 2009 — was just what the city needed. It acted as a balm for the chronic fear and anxiety that had taken over amid terrorist attacks, political instability and the deep purges of civil society that began after a failed coup last summer.
“This all blends into a feeling of suspension of normal daily life,” said Orhan Pamuk, a Nobel laureate who coincidentally wrote an acclaimed novel called “Snow.” “And perhaps this time, because of horrors of politics — tens of thousands of professors and people are being fired from their jobs, and journalist and writer friends are being pushed into prisons — at least for five minutes this is a consolation.”
Hybra Advance Technology
What if you could listen to music on a headset without putting anything into or over your ear canal?
It sounds counter-intuitive, but here's a concept that frees your ears to pick up ambient noise while you groove to your favorite tunes.
Sound Band is a wireless headset that does away with speakers and delivers surface sound through a vibrating band that sits on the back of your ear.
I can think of many reasons why I'd like to ditch my earbuds (tangled wires is the biggest), and Sound Band promises clear sound without the hassle of putting something in your ear and taking it out, over and over again.
The emitters are hooked onto the back of the ear and join together in a fob at the back of the neck that has buttons to adjust volume or answer a phone call via smartphone Bluetooth link.
The headset produces sound in a range of 86Hz to 20,000Hz and has a bass booster. Check out the vid below showing how surface sound works.
With over $400,000 pledged, there's considerable interest in Sound Band. A stretch goal that was met means it will be also available as a wired headset, saving battery power, via a 3.5-mm jack.
Sound Band would have a retail value of $189 when launched, but it's still being offered for $135. Check out backing details here.
Do you prefer shutting out external sounds while listening to music? Would you walk around wearing one of these?
Ballon d'Or Delighted by Ballon d'Or announcement
After Cristiano Ronaldo secured his fifth Ballon d'Or on Thursday, Jose Mourinho made clear that the forward's name and legacy will be known by future generations of children, just as is the case with Pele to this day.
Ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby, the former Real Madrid coach took the time to congratulate his fellow countryman on the scale of his achievements.
"My children never saw Pele play, but they know who he is," he explained in an interview with France Football.
"In 40 years their kids will know who Cristiano is, and he will be part of the football story forever."
The pair worked together at the Estadio Santiago Bernabeu although there were many points of conflict between them, something the current Manchester United coach refused to delve into.
"It's something that is part of my job and I don't wish to make it public," he admitted.
"Many things were written and said that were false or exaggerated.
"The only thing I can say is that I don't have a personal problem with him, I think he feels the same."
Whilst many coach-player partnerships are almost put in the category of a similar bond to that between a father and a son, Mourinho believes the relationship he had with the Ballon d'Or holder was a professional one.
"It was a simply a good coach-player relationship," he confirmed.
"What united us was a desire to win trophies together.
"In the three years we spent together, I think he improved as a player with me and I improved as a coach with him."
The professor in the course (AR) repeatedly harped on the present impossibility of mind-reading and tested this information on the final examination verifying that students internalized these points. He also spoke about his background as a mentalist – a magician who performs psychological tricks, such as mind-reading – and led class demonstrations to exemplify why the public often misinterprets these effects and takes them for genuine paranormal powers.
And in fact, sleight of hand was used to further the ruse that the hair dryer contraption was able to read their minds.
...encountered a rickety mock brain scanner built from discarded medical scraps from the 1960s and adorned with an old-fashioned hair-dryer dome [shown in the figure above]. We told participants that scientists at the Montreal Neurological Institute had developed new experimental technology to decode resting state brain activity and read the human mind. We labeled the technology Spintronics and displayed warning signs around the scanning equipment similar to those found in MRI environments.
1
The Seductive Allure of Neuroscience Explanations
—
—
The Not So Seductive Allure of Colorful Brain Images
2
1
2
Frontiers in Human Neuroscience doi: Sabrina Ali, Michael Lifshitz, and Amir Raz (2014). Empirical Neuroenchantment: From Reading Minds to Thinking Critically.doi: 10.3389/fnhum.2014.00357
A new study has tricked undergraduates into believing that “Spintronics,” a whimsical new “mind reading” technology constructed using an old hair dryer, was able to accurately read their thoughts ( Ali et al., 2014 ). This held even for students enrolled in a class on the pros and cons of neuroimaging methods taught by the senior author (McGill Professor Amir Raz ). The paper coined the phrase “empirical neuroenchantment” to explain why a highly dubious experimental setup would lead to such a deficit in critical thinking.The participants were 58 McGill students, 26 of whom were upper-level psychology, neuroscience or cognitive science majors enrolled in a skeptical neuroimaging course that warned them about overblown claims. Furthermore, the professor had lectured about his experience as a “mind reading” magician who fools audiences into believing he has paranormal abilities:Subjects were told they were participating in a study on “The Neural Correlates of Thought” (amusingly described in the Methods) where they...The participants were told to think of a two-digit number, a three-digit number, a color, and a country and to write down their answers on a piece of paper. The first author cleverly pocketed their answers,then participants were told to think about their choices while their brains were faux scanned. During this time, “a pre-recorded video displayed rotating three-dimensional brain slices with accompanying scanner-like audio, lending the appearance of collecting and analyzing patterns of brain activity.”Afterwards, the subjects were shown the results of the scan. Lo and behold, the machine could read their minds! A brief questionnaire rated their level of belief on a 0 to 6 point scale (from “not at all” to “extremely”).How did the informed students fare against the non-Neuro controls? The Neuro students found the results significantly less believable (3.96 vs. 4.96), and they rated themselves as more skeptical (3.42 vs, 1.94) than the controls. However, they were not immune to ascribing even greater mind-reading capabilities to Spintronics© after being shown that the contraption successfully “read” their thoughts.Can we conclude from the present study that neuroimaging is special in the annals of scientific technology in its ability to dupe even those who should know better? No, and the authors acknowledge as much. We don't know whether the dual phenomena of deferring to experts in a professional laboratory, and overriding scientific knowledge on the basis of one compelling experience, would occur in other fields of study. We could potentially see meteoroenchantment or roboenchantment in the realms of weather prediction and artificial intelligence, respectively.Nonetheless, the Spintronics study ups the ante in the Brainwashed sweepstakes on The Seductive Appeal of Mindless Neuroscience , which maintains that the media can easily dupe an unsuspecting public into believing nearly anything couched in the guise of neuroscience.Remember the “seductive allure” of colorful brain images ? This was the idea that college undergraduates could be swayed to believe implausible explanations for psychological phenomena if accompanied by brain images ( McCabe & Castell, 2008 ). For example, a fictitious news article explaining that ‘Watching TV is Related to Math Ability'since watching television and completing math problems both lead to activation in the temporal lobe, watching TV will of course improve math skillswas more believable when accompanied by a brain scan than by a bar graph.However, this finding was not replicated in more recent studies ( Farah & Hook, 2013 Schweitzer et al., 2013 ). Is this because participants in psychology experiments have gotten more sophisticated in the past five years?Or is it because the results weren't that strong to begin with?It'll be much more difficult for other labs to replicate the present results of Ali and colleagues (2014) , namely because (1) most Principal Investigators aren't magicians, and (2) recruiting 1,068 participants via the online marketplace Mechanical Turk just won't work here...I should add here that the first author, Sabrina Ali, was an undergraduate researcher at the time, and thus the participants may have had fewer suspicions that she would try to dupe them (as opposed to the magician, Dr. Raz). The present experiment was a portion of Ali's Master's Thesis at McGill.More sophisticated, say, from reading critical neuroscience blogs ? Or much more likely, reading critical coverage in places like the New York Times ? Or am I living in a bubble which assumes way too much public interest in these topics?Farah MJ, Hook CJ (2013). The seductive allure of "seductive allure" 8:88-90
The future of Canada's Iraq mission is still being determined. But in a recent interview with journalists, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan was asked about the mission and how it might unfold.
Sajjan was asked whether he saw Canadian troops committed on the ground for the whole of 2017. Here is how he responded:
“Yes. Keep in mind just because we're in Mosul and we talked about defeating Daesh, it's not going to happen that (when) we take Mosul, Daesh is going to completely disappear. We want to make sure that we solidify the gains that have been made and not leave immediately and put the situation in jeopardy again.
We want to make sure that the right troops have the right training. But the situation and what we decide will be determined after Mosul. We need to anticipate what type of Daesh (will emerge), where their displacement may occur and what type of adjustments they might make. We want to be sure that the Iraqi security forces are going to be able to hold their own for the long term.”
Jan Scheuermann, a quadriplegic and pioneering patient for an experimental Pentagon robotics program, continues to break ground in freeing the mind from the body.
The 55-year-old mother of two in 2012 agreed to let surgeons implant electrodes on her brain to control a robotic arm. More recently, she flew an F-35 Joint Strike Fighter simulator using nothing but her thoughts, an official said.
Arati Prabhakar, director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, cited the breakthrough last week at the first annual Future of War conference. The event was organized by the New America Foundation, a nonpartisan research group in Washington, D.C.
Scheuermann, who became paralyzed years ago from a rare genetic disease, has tolerated the two pea-sized implants on her left motor cortex "very well," Prabhakar said, allowing her to extend her participation in the DARPA project.
While the left motor cortex is understood to control the movement on the right side of the body, Scheuermann was able to manipulate both right- and left-handed versions of the robotic limb, Prabhakar said.
But the experiments aren't limited to prosthetics. Indeed, so-called neural signaling is at the heart of the research.
So Scheuermann decided she wanted to try flying a simulator of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, Prabhakar said, which is the Pentagon's newest fighter jet and its most expensive weapons acquisition program.
"Instead of thinking about controlling a joystick, which is what our ace pilots do when they're driving this thing, Jan's thinking about controlling the airplane directly," Prabhakar said. "For someone who's never flown -- she's not a pilot in real life -- she's flying that simulator directly from her neural signaling."
Prabhakar said the research is far from becoming reality. Even so, she acknowledged that it raises fundamental moral and ethical questions about the intersection of biology and robotics.
"In doing this work, we've also opened this door," she said. "We can now see a future where we can free the brain from the limitations of the human body and I think we can all imagine amazing good things and amazing potential bad things that are on the other side of that door."
Geoffrey Ling, director of the biological technologies at DARPA and one of the lead scientists behind the project, said he was just as excited when he saw Scheuermann first control the robotic arm as he was when he watched the live television broadcast of Neil Armstrong walking on the moon.
"I had the same tingles because I realized that we have now stepped over a great threshold into what's possible and, very importantly, what patients can now expect in terms of restoration -- this is a very important part -- not rehabilitation, but restoration," the retired Army colonel said during a 2012 episode of CBS news program, "60 Minutes."
As for Scheuermann, who participates in the research through a University of Pittsburgh Medical Center study, she's happy to play the role of pioneering patient.
"I've always believed there's a purpose to my illness," she told CBS. “I didn't think I would ever find out what it was in my lifetime."
She added, "And here came this study where they needed me. You know, they couldn't just pick any Tom, Dick or Harry off the street. In a few years, the quadriplegics and the amputees that this is going to help -- the Department of Defense is funding some of this for vets -- to be of use to them, in service to them, what an honor."
-- Brendan McGarry can be reached at brendan.mcgarry@military.com
Both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are refusing to shine a light on important aspects of their character and campaigns. By hiding from the public, they want to dodge disclosures about their finances and stances. It's a cover-up that voters shouldn't accept.
For Trump, the issue is his taxes. All presidential candidates in recent years have released their returns to the public for better or worse. Income, donations, write-offs: it's all there. The figures reflect wealth, business savvy and charitable leanings.
The New York billionaire and presumptive Republican nominee doesn't see it that way. He's rejecting requests to release his taxes with a dismissive remark: “There's nothing to learn from them.”
He's dodging responsibility on another level by playing for time. His taxes are regularly audited, a process he says needs to play out before he'll let the paperwork surface. But the IRS says there's nothing about the audit process that forbids him from releasing what's on file.
Trump's evasiveness goes to the heart of his image as an accomplished business figure and savvy deal maker. It's hard to take these boasts seriously without the tax numbers to back them up. His use of bankruptcy laws, loopholes and loans may be wider or narrower than we know — but the facts won't be known until his taxes are released. That date, he says, will probably come after the November presidential vote, a cynical bit of timing that plays voters as suckers.
For Clinton, the money problem nags in a different way. After leaving office as secretary of state, she launched a lucrative two-year career as a paid speaker at business gatherings. On the list were three speeches to Goldman Sachs, the giant Wall Street investment firm that paid her $225,000 each time, as her rival Sen. Bernie Sanders frequently mentions.
But what did she say? Clinton refuses to release her remarks, saying that other presidential candidates are not providing such disclosures of their closed-door paid engagements. But the excuse “nobody else has to do it” as a reason for avoiding a legitimate public inquiry is not an example of leadership.
Her remarks might well be tame or rehearsed, just another money-making stop on her tour of conventions and corporate retreats that earned her $7.1 million. But when she takes money from a major player in the mortgage meltdown and a training ground for Treasury officials, the public should know what Clinton had to say.
Both front-runners need a dose of transparency. No amount of deferring and denying can substitute for plain disclosure and honesty. Voters deserve to know about Trump's taxes and Clinton's speeches.
By the time he finally could exhale, after coaching the Miami Heat for 15 days in two summer leagues, Chris Quinn had achieved his mission: creating possibilities for Erik Spoelstra and Pat Riley to consider.
The 4-7 record stood secondary, even with the sting of Saturday's double-overtime loss to a similar team of young players from Memphis Grizzlies that prevented his players from yet another national showcase at the Las Vegas summer league's tournament.
Winning mattered enough for the Heat to go from 0-5 in the Orlando summer league to 4-2 in Las Vegas with mostly the same roster. But that's not what the assignment had been.
The goal since July 1 had been to develop those under contract so Spoelstra could pick up from there during training camp, and then unearth prospects that could get Riley to consider their promise going forward.
“It makes me feel great,” said Quinn, a Spoelstra assistant during the regular season, “that I was able to put them into position to succeed.”
While first-round pick Bam Adebayo was held out of the final three games of summer league, as often is the case with lottery picks, the work behind the scenes left Quinn encouraged about the next steps the big man out of Kentucky soon will be taking with assistant coach Juwan Howard.
“I think the seven games he played was a great first step as an NBA player,” Quinn said. “He did everything we asked. He showed us a skill set that is very versatile. He was able to do things that maybe he hadn't done as much.
“But more importantly, he completely bought in to our player-development program. He's listening to coach Juwan every single day and he's really been great to work with. His attitude and his work ethic have been amazing, which, for a guy with his talent, is most important."
Then there is forward Okaro White, who was guaranteed a portion of his 2017-18 salary at the start of summer league and next faces an Aug. 1 deadline for another partial guarantee of his $1.3 million salary.
“I thought he made major strides in his seven games. And his last one, I thought was probably his best game of the summer league,” Quinn said of Thursday's 91-84 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers, when White scored a game-high 23 points. “We put him in an action every play in the second half of that game and he won the game for us. He was making all the right plays. He was able to score. He was able to get rebounds.”
But this also was about more than a 2017-18 roster that almost is at its 15-player regular-season limit.
This coming season, teams for the first time can sign up to two two-way players to shuttle between their NBA roster and developmental affiliate, without counting against the 15-playter limit. Plus, up to four players can receive $50,000 training-camp guarantees to then move on to a team's G-League affiliate.
That means that as many as six players from the Heat summer roster beyond Adebayo and White could wind up under Heat influence this coming season, perhaps even more if they are amenable to playing at a developmental-league salary with the Sioux Falls Skyforce.
“There are so many avenues now where we can get guys in our development program, with two-way players, with affiliate players, with our D-League team, obviously,” said Quinn, who began his Heat coaching tenure as an assistant with the Skyforce. “So definitely some of those guys gave us a lot to look at and we have to review as a staff. And our front office does a really good job of figuring out our priority guys.”
Ultimately, there proved to be more than expected to choose from. There was the 3-point accuracy of undrafted Central Florida guard Matt Williams, the relentless motor of 5-foot-8 undrafted Monmouth guard Justin Robinson, the two-way savvy of undrafted Virginia guard London Perrantes and the bravado of undrafted Colorado State guard Gian Clavell.
Tying it all together was Quinn, the former Heat summer-leaguer himself, who got his first shot as a head coach.
“It was an amazing experience for me, a growth experience, a learning experience, my first time as a head coach,” he said. “Every single day I took it serious to be prepared, be ready, coach this team as hard as I could, make them better as players and as people. And ultimately make myself better as a coach.
“But I had a lot of fun with the process. This group was awesome to coach. I was proud that by the end of Vegas we really had a Heat culture type of identity.”
CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson CAPTION Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says his team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. CAPTION Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says his team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt his team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. CAPTION Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns.
iwinderman@sunsentinel.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
For daily Heat mailbag go to sun-sentinel.com/askira
SEOUL (Reuters) - Severe flooding across North Korea has killed 88 people and left tens of thousands homeless, state media reported late on Saturday, threatening to make the poverty-stricken country's already chronic food shortage still worse.
The floods caused by torrential rains and a typhoon this month caused “big human and material losses”, North Korea's official KCNA news agency said, stranding nearly 63,000 people.
Since the mid-1990s, North Korea's farm sector has often been devastated by both floods and drought.
Even before the rain and typhoon this summer, the country's dysfunctional food distribution system, very high inflation and foreign sanctions imposed because of Pyongyang's nuclear and missile programmes had contributed to what appears to be severe hunger in the North.
But in April, after a North Korean rocket launch failed, the isolated state abandoned an agreement with the United States, after Washington suspended 240,000 tonnes of food aid it had promised to the North as part of the deal.
Talk that North Korea's young leader, Kim Jong-un, plans to reform the broken economy is helping drive rice prices higher, at a time when most families can no longer rely on paychecks from moribund state-run enterprises.
Kim, who is in his late 20s, took over as head of the dynasty last December on the death of his father, whose rule took North Korea deeper into isolation, abject poverty and large-scale political repression.
The young ruler, dropping his father's reclusive leadership style, surprisingly confirmed this week that he was married and gave the thumbs up to a performance featuring show tunes and Mickey Mouse.
He is also gearing up to experiment with agricultural and economic reforms after purging Vice Marshal Ri Yong-ho for opposing change, a source with ties to both Pyongyang and Beijing told Reuters.
A recent United Nations report classified 7.2 million of the 24 million population as “chronic poor” and said one in three children were stunted due to poor nutrition. (Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Tim Pearce)
The future of TSM's squad beyond the term of their current contracts is uncertain, team agent Frederik Byskov has said.
The future of the Danish team has become a major source of conjecture in the Counter-Strike scene, with little over two months left on their contracts with the North American organisation.
TSM's treatment of their squads has been the target of much criticism, and a player for their Smite team recently vented his frustration at the support provided by the organisation.
Frederik Byskov is in talks with several organisations
A few hours before the team's IEM San Jose clash against G2, Frederik Byskov revealed that he has been approached by several interested organisations, even though he did not rule out the possibility of the players signing a new deal with TSM.
@Zaelers I'm in negotiations with different orgs, yes, and TSM. Nothings decided yet — Frederik Byskov (@fbyskov) November 22, 2015
After DreamHack Open Cluj-Napoca, Byskov announced on Twitter that he was no longer working for TSM, but he still remains tied to the team as the players agreed to pay him a salary to act on their behalf as an agent.
Byskov has been involved with TSM owner Andy "Reginald" Dinh in a public exchange of words regarding his departure from the organisation. Dinh claims that Byskov failed to complete his job duties, while the Danish team's agent has given a very different account of the situation.
With an eye on expanding the company's production of original content, Syfy Ventures has christened Syfy Films, a new banner that will develop and acquire original science fiction films for release on theatrical and digital platforms, including VOD and EST via cable, satellite, telco and Internet partners, as well as select independent theaters through partnerships such as with XLrator Media.
SyFy Films' first project is the psychological thriller 400 Days, is scheduled to hit theaters January 12, 2016 with plans to air on the Syfy network later in the year. The film follows four astronauts participating in a simulated mission to a distant planet in order to test the psychological effects of deep space travel. Isolated for 400 days (hence the title), their sanity begins to decline when all communication with the outside world ceases. It stars Brandon Routh (Superman Returns, Arrow) and Caity Lotz (The Machine, soon to co-star on Arrow) Dane Cook (Troublemaker), Ben Feldman (Mad Men), Tom Cavanaugh (The Flash), and Grant Bowler (Defiance).
Written and directed by Matt Osterman, 400 Days the film is a production of New Artists Alliance and XLrator Media. It's produced by Gabe Cowan and John Suits of New Artists Alliance, with Barry Gordon and Mike Radiloff of XLrator Media associate producing. Dane Cook, Mandy Wolf, Andrew Orci and Curtis Raines are executive producing.
Distinct from the previous previously announced banner of the same name, Syfy Films includes a grouping of businesses to expand the brand's global reach, among them digital platforms, licensing and merchandising, and video games. We're told that Chris Regina, Syfy's SVP of Program Strategy, will oversee acquisitions and development for Syfy Films, and it will work with select partners to assist with distribution and marketing. SyFy films will also serve as incubator on selected scripted TV series. “Syfy is thrilled to continue to branch out into non-linear distribution models that target fans in a broader way,” said Jeff Li, Vice President of SyFy Ventures, “while supporting new and exciting projects that we're passionate about.”
There's a new vairant of the Facebook Token Hijacker malware on the loose, and this time it's improved. The new version of the malware now has improved obfuscation techniques to keep its code hidden from anti-malware software.
This malware sends the target user a post on Facebook claiming a special offer on UGG boots, and the user is asked to post her access token after logging into an application using Facebook's oAuth (the app ID is 350685531728). After successfully logging in, the malware hijacks the user's token and starts posting on her wall. In addition to posting, this malware also attempts to create an event and invite all the victim's friends to it.
Here is a sample of the posts generated by the malware:
Unlike typical phishing attacks, this attack starts exploiting the victim immediately and automatically (without being challenged by Facebook's Identity and Access Management Controls) after obtaining the necessary data.
The malware is currently residing on this host (which is not https unlike its predecessor): http://fbunlimited.info/instagram/
During the process, the malware posts data to these links:
http://hub.zabavno.co/?h=108883048315&o=10679714&t=1359836734&tkn=
http://fbunlimited.info/instagram/save.php?postback=y&country=
http://23.23.248.101/u/141689081/e357DuaM6d/chwm5rIocK9M/homepage.html?z=13598367341144'
A partially obfuscated version of the javascript used by this malware can be found here: http://www.faghani.info/blog/malware.txt
Sources:
Seclists
Austin police ask for help from anyone who saw assault
AUSTIN (KXAN) - An Austin woman was arrested after, police say, she attempted to run over a thrift store employee that thought she was shoplifting on Tuesday.
It happened at the Family Thrift Center at 208 E. Oltorf Street around 2:30 p.m. According to Austin police, an employee of the store claimed to have witnessed Kristin Carlton, 57, taking clothing. When Carlton left the store, the employee followed her outside in an attempt to write down her license plate number.
When the employee stood in front of Carlton's car, she allegedly put the car into gear and sped forward. The employee rolled across the front of the car. The employee was transported to South Austin Medical Center for evaluation but was later released with minor injuries.
Police say Carlton called 911 at least twice to complain about being accused of shoplifting but did not identify herself. They were able to use information from the calls to track her and determined it was Carlton and determined she was a city of Austin employee.
When officers went to the Carlton's workplace, they found her car with damage consistent with hitting a person, according to an arrest affidavit. During a search of her purse, several tools used for removing security sensors from clothing were found, according to court documents.
According to city data, Carlton work in Planning & Development as an environmental review specialist and she has been with the city since 1996.
Due to the large amount of pedestrian and vehicular traffic at the time, investigators are asking that any witnesses come forward to help them piece it all together. They are asked to call 512-974-5270.
Image caption Winchester Museum is hoping to buy the gold ring once it has been valued
A Bronze Age gold ring found in a Hampshire field has been declared as treasure by a coroner.
The 3,000-year-old double ring was found by Winchester artist Alan Cracknell in February 2010 in a field at Headbourne Worthy.
He was using a metal detector and thought the artefact was an old bottle top when he first picked it up.
Following the ruling at Winchester Coroner's Court, ownership of the ring passes to the Crown.
Share a reward
The ring is only 16mm in diameter and experts believe it was probably used to hold hair together 3,000 years ago.
Mr Cracknell said: "I think that's what's so fascinating is its age. It's been tossed around in the plough soil for many hundreds, thousands of years and it's still in the same place that it was lost."
It will now be valued by the British Museum and Winchester Museum is hoping to buy the ring.
Mr Cracknell and the landowner will share a reward based on the value.
Mega Man #34 Share:
By Ian Flynn, Tyson Hesse, Patrick Spaziante
Mega Man has been great. If you follow me on Twitter and/or Facebook, then you're probably sick of hearing me sing the praises of Archie for putting out such a ridiculously awesome comic. Now, it's finally here. Issue 34 contains the backup story we've all been waiting for: Mega Man X! Is it good? No, it's not. It's freakin' fantastic.
The main feature continues the fallout from the Curse of Ra Moon storyline. Mega Man and his band of heroes has returned to the Amazon Jungle's Temple of The Moon, in order to find something to clear the Villainous Dr. Wily's name. Crazy, I know. However Wily did save Mega Man's life, so I suppose he owes him one.
Once again, Break Man steals the show. Flynn has written Mega Man's brother perfectly, with equal parts mystery and redemption. This issue is a bit of a slow burn, but it's worth it to see what Break Man is up to.
The Mega Man X backup is absolutely incredible. The only problem is that it reads very quickly and it will have you begging for more. It follows the original SNES Mega Man X game verbatim. Not only that, but Flynn adds a certain flare that makes the story of X both compelling and heartfelt. I really can't recommend this story enough.
The art in Mega Man is always pretty standard Archie All-Ages stuff. Not that it's bad, though. Tyson Hesse's pencils are cartoony, but also have some obvious manga influences. Patrick Spaziante draws the Mega Man X backup and while his style is similar in tone, it gives X a needed edge that makes it feel more mature. Also, Matt Herms (colorist) deserves a ton of credit for making Mega Man so colorful and X so blue and sterile. That little touch does wonders for the story.
Any Mega Man fan that's been drooling over the Mega Man X solicitations needs to jump on issue 34. This is some really groovy stuff. Mega Man is certainly not for everybody, but it has a childish charm that leaves many fans (me included) very happy. Long live Mega Man and long live X.
Albertus Zwier "Alby" Mangels (born 16 November 1948) is an Australian adventurer and documentary film-maker widely remembered for his World Safari adventure travel films (World Safari, World Safari II, and World Safari III).[1]
Early life [ edit ]
Zwier Albertus Mangels was born in the Netherlands on 16 November 1948.[2] His father Johannes (Jos) was a leather tanner. His mother was called Adrianna (Sjann). Mangels and his family moved to Australia in 1955 where they settled in South Australia. After about eighteen months in Australia his parents separated.[2] His mother remarried but died of cancer when Mangels was fifteen. He left school at fourteen.[3]
Mangels had a large variety of jobs, being a chicken farmer before and after his first World Safari[4] and his last being in Murray Bridge doing brickwork.[3]
Work [ edit ]
Mangels set off in 1971 with friend John Fields on what was supposed to be a one-off trip. It turned into a six-year odyssey through several continents, which they filmed. The resulting film, first shown in Australia in 1977, was a considerable success and Mangels continued to travel through the 1980s, filming all the way. Two more World Safari films were made from this subsequent material.[1]
The films [ edit ]
The films featured Mangels and his constantly changing cast of companions travelling, on a shoestring budget and seemingly with little forward planning, throughout various wild areas. Mangels took a cavalier approach, both to natural and human hazards, relying on a variety of rickety vehicles, losing his ship to fire, travelling through a number of areas where guerrillas were active, and becoming involved in a number of unusual business enterprises. Mangels discovered that audiences responded to his risk-taking behaviour and featured more and more of it in his later films. While he may have played up the risks in some cases, he and his companions suffered a number of serious accidents and injuries along the way, the most notorious being an accident during the early filming of World Safari II. An accident resulted in his friend, Piers Soutier, becoming a quadriplegic and eventually dying from complications a year later. Mangels postponed the continuation of the film to remain with Piers, looking into the available facilities for disabled people during this time. The accident prompted Mangels to design a new form of wheelchair (which won Australian design awards including the Premier's Award for Design Excellence) and to found the charity DAD (Disabled And Disadvantaged children) with his sister, Maria Snel.[1][5][not in citation given][6]
Mangels (and Field) also spent some time living with the local inhabitants in many locations, often working for room and board or just to get to know the local culture of each area.
Mangels became famous for an array of attractive female travelling companions, with a quota per film approaching that of James Bond. Mangels did point out (on-camera in his third film when meeting another one who had seen his previous films) that with the years it took to make each film the numbers were not so unusual.[1]
Mangels also has a strong conservation theme running through all of the films. Mangels' voiceover narration for the films, as well as the many places he chose to visit, often emphasises the need for the preservation of both wild places such as forests, and wild animals such as gorillas.
He was one of the pioneering travel advocates of the 1970s, showing the possibility of travelling as a way of life, similar to what Peter Jenkins and William Least Heat Moon had done with their best-selling travel books of the 1970s and 1980s.
After the financial failure of the third World Safari film in the late 1980s, Mangels dropped out of the public eye in Australia for several years, during which he produced the Adventure Bound series. Adventure Bound first aired on the Travel Channel in 1996 and largely consisted of footage from the three World Safari films. Ably has since released approximately seventy remastered titles (including some unaired material) covering his back catalogue for commercial sale on DVD at his official website.
In his documentary Point and Shoot, film-maker Matthew VanDyke cited Mangels as a major influence.
Recent work [ edit ]
A companion book to the films, Alby Mangels' World Safari, was published in the 1980s. Lynn Santer authored Mangels's authorised biography Beyond World Safari in 2007.[2] There are also reports that a feature-length Mangels biographical film is in production with multi-awarded Hollywood veteran producer Paul Mason and in 2010 he was rumoured to have been approached to appear on Dancing with the Stars.[7]
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli cult leader alleged by prosecutors to have kept 21 wives under his spell for years was convicted on Monday of sexual crimes but acquitted of charges of enslavement.
The suspect, Goel Ratzon, 64, had denied the allegations, which prosecutors described as a “mind-boggling” saga of dominance and delusions of deity.
Ratzon, whose first name means “redeemer”, kept 21 wives and 38 children in various homes around Tel Aviv, according to the indictment.
A Tel Aviv court convicted him of sex offences that included rape and indecent assault over the indictment said was “many years”. Some of his daughters were among the victims, according to the verdict, distributed by the Justice Ministry.
Ratzon's sentence will be handed down later.
Sporting shoulder-length grey hair and a white beard, Ratzon was seen by his wives as “omnipotent and possessing the powers of healing and destruction”, according to the charges.
But the court found him not guilty of holding people in conditions of slavery. Ratzon had argued that the women, many of whom had his name and portrait tattooed on their bodies, lived with him on their own accord.
He and his four fellow commissioners, including former Liberal senator Amanda Vanstone, are in the highest pay bracket that exists for specialist advisers to government. At $1490, Mr Shepherd's daily pay is higher than the average weekly earnings of an ordinary full-time worker. Commissioner Peter Boxall, a former senior public servant and one-time chief-of-staff to former treasurer Peter Costello, has received $21,000 for eight full days and six "part days". Robert Fisher, a bureaucrat from Western Australia, has been paid $29,250 for 19.5 equivalent full days. Ms Vanstone and fellow commissioner Tony Cole have not yet submitted a claim for payment.
Greens senator Richard di Natale, who chairs the parliamentary Select Committee into the government's Commission of Audit, accused the commissioners of "hypocrisy". "If you're about recommending sweeping cuts to services people rely on and you're justifying that on a dire budget situation, surely you could be setting an example yourself?" he said. A spokesman for the secretariat for the Commission of Audit said the pay scale had been set by the former Labor government. He said the top bracket is not for ordinary consultants but for eminent people who bring with them a particular expertise. Mr Shepherd is the current chairman of the Business Council of Australia, which is urging the Abbott government to take harsh measures to bring the budget back into surplus. He has fended off claims potential conflicts of interest due to his central role in the business world and boardroom roles in a number of industries.
In answers to questions on notice by the senate select committee, the Commission of Audit refused to supply a list of groups it has met with, claiming it would be too much work. "In light of its reporting deadlines, the Commission considers that it would currently be an inappropriate diversion of resources to compile this information for the Committee by the deadline for responses," it wrote. The Senate committee will hold its next hearing on Wednesday when both the Business Council and the Australian Council of Trade Unions will outline what medicine the nation's finances need. Loading In its submission to the Commission of Audit, the ACTU has called for the reversal of personal income tax cuts for high earners granted by the Howard government rather than cuts to existing services.
The Paladin is a conceptual combination of a computer, fax machine, scanner, and phone all-in-one designed by Apple Computer as a single office solution for a small business, as well as for use in hotel rooms for business travelers. It also went under the code name "Project X" during 1995.
It had a monochrome LCD screen and a phone handset attached to it (which fell off its hook too readily). Very few were prototyped and they are a rare find.[1] The system ran software called "Complete Office", which allowed the change between fax, phone, and PC all with the press of a button on the keypad. It also allowed for the user dial without needing to switch through multiple manual software protocols. By 1995 the engineers who had worked on the customized version of the OS were no longer working on the project making stability a major impediment.
Substantial conceptual work was done by the product design firm IDEO.
After acquiring Steve Nash via sign-and-trade, the Los Angeles Lakers became considerably better in the backcourt with arguably one of the best point guards in the league. Even though Nash is 38 years-old, the addition of the two-time NBA MVP still greatly improves the team moving forward with the future Hall of Famer potentially being the missing piece to the championship puzzle in Los Angeles.
As arguably one of the most excited players on the Lakers about this move, Kobe Bryant claims that Nash will make the game that much easier for Pau Gasol according to ACB.com (translated from Spanish to English):
“Steve is a great distributor and the system we are using will be very different from last season. It is a blueprint for Pau for their ability to pass, make plays from the low post and take his shots from the high post.”
Gasol stands to benefit from Nash's arrival more than most. With Nash being the master of the pick-and-roll and getting teammates involved, Gasol will almost certainly see a bump in his points per game next season. Kobe and Andrew Bynum (or Dwight Howard) also stand to benefit with many more open looks at the basket.
Along with Gasol benefiting from Nash running the point, the Lakers' offense will definitely look much different next season. Nash will be able to get this offense moving much quicker with shot clock violations being a thing of the past for the Lakers.
Even though Nash will immediately impact the Lakers' offense and his new teammates, Los Angeles still needs to bring in another offensive threat off the bench. The addition of veteran forward Antawn Jamison was a smart move by the Lakers' front office, but another guard or small forward with the ability to play in the backcourt is sorely needed.
GM Mitch Kupchak and company are exploring their options with a few candidates on the list of potential free agent acquisitions. The Lakers are looking for a guard that is solid from outside with the ability to create his own shot. Leandro Barbosa and Jodie Meeks are intriguing options as long as one of the two they're willing to take the veteran's minimum of $1.4 million.
Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI), architect of the House GOP's budget, drew a resounding chorus of boos at a town hall appearance in his district after touting the benefits of tax cuts for the wealthy.
In a video posted by ThinkProgress, an attendee at the event this week told Ryan that he believes the rich should pay higher taxes to help close the deficit and strengthen Social Security.
“The middle class is disappearing right now,” he said. “During this time of prosperity, the top 1 percent was taking about 10 percent of the total annual income, but yet today we are fighting to not let the tax breaks for the wealthy expiry?”
Ryan protested that “We do tax the top,” before being drowned out by the audience's jeers.
Polls have shown increasing taxes on the wealthy enjoys strong public support across the political spectrum despite near-universal opposition from GOP lawmakers. Democrats have been hammering Republicans on the issue in recent weeks, jumping off Ryan's budget proposal, which cuts taxes for the rich while making major cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.
Source: LANBO/Shutterstock
A decade ago, I first wrote about the power of aerobic exercise to improve neuronal plasticity and produce brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF)—which stimulates neurogenesis (the birth of new neurons)—in The Athlete's Way (St. Martin's Press). At the time, these ideas were radical concepts based on -edge discoveries. Today, just about everybody knows that exercise is good for your brain. And discussion of BDNF being "Miracle-Gro" for the brain and exercise-induced neuroplasticity are commonplace. We've made amazing progress!
However, until very recently, scientists have struggled to pin down specific molecular mechanisms underlying the neuroprotective power of exercise to improve function and reduce . But there is good news. This week, a new study reports that cerebral choline levels may be a singular marker that explains multi-dimensional reasons that aerobic exercise is so good for the human brain. These findings were published online July 18 in the journal Translational .
This study was a multidisciplinary effort conducted by the Gerontology Department of the Institute of General Medicine (headed by Johannes Pantel) and the Department of Medicine (led by Winfried Banzer) at Goethe University.
During this study, the German researchers found that 30 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic exercise (64.9% of VO2 Max) three times a week, stabilized cerebral choline concentrations in a training group, whereas choline levels increased in the control group that didn't exercise. As we age, escalating levels of choline are linked to cognitive impairment and loss of brain function. Aerobic exercise appears to stop choline levels from skyrocketing and boosts brain power by increasing markers of neuronal energy reserve.
The researchers conclude: "As choline is a marker of neurodegeneration, this finding suggests a neuroprotective effect of aerobic exercise. Overall, our findings indicate that cerebral choline might constitute a valid marker for an effect of aerobic exercise on the brain in healthy .”
This research is part of the ongoing SMART study (Sport and Metabolism in Older Persons, an MRT Study) which includes a triad of movement-related parameters, cardiopulmonary fitness, and cognitive performance. As would be expected, over the 12-week period of this study, participants' physical fitness improved in tandem with neuroprotective brain benefits.
Aerobic exercise continues to outshine any other lifestyle as the single best way to maintain a healthy brain in a healthy body. Hopefully, the latest discovery that moderate-intensity physical activity a few times a week can stabilize cerebral choline levels and boosts neuronal energy reserves will be a source of that inspires you to stay physically active across your lifespan.
Jamaican anti-gay lawyer, Shirley Richards, wrote a letter to the editor condemning the cancellation of a performance by homophobic reggae artiste, Queen Ifrica. Ifrica was scheduled to perform at Rastafest in Toronto on August 24. This event was partially funded by the Toronto Public Library and Service Canada, both of which are taxpayer-supported entities.
Citing several incidents where anti-gay persons have had their freedom of speech curtailed, she concludes that this will lead to the end to freedom of thought in Jamaica(!). She wrote in “The LGBT Agenda and Free Speech” in the Jamaica Gleaner: What has happened to Queen Ifrika is just another example of the danger that the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender agenda poses to free speech. This is what Crystal Dixon discovered. In 2008, she dared to write in a local newspaper that choosing homosexual behaviour is not the same as being black or handicapped. These were some of her words: “As a black woman, I take great umbrage at the notion that those choosing the homosexual lifestyle are ‘civil rights victims.' Here's why. I cannot wake up tomorrow and not be a black woman.” For these words she lost her job as associate vice-president, University of Toledo. … [Richards also cites the removal of “ex-gay” gospel singer Donnie McClurkin from the program of an Aug. 24 Martin Luther King Jr. memorial concert on Aug. 24 and a reported demotion of an employee of the Trafford Housing Trust in England for various Facebook posts opposed to marriage equality.] We warn of a growing cultural totalitarianism – at this point, it is insisting on no criticism in speech with punishment for those who dare to disobey. Soon it will be mandatory endorsement in speech. Will it also move to mandatory endorsement in thought?
Her views have been expressed by the over 13 groups opposing the challenge to the Jamaican anti-sodomy law which is currently before the court.
Please see my response to her letter below.
Dear Ms. Richards,
CVM TV reported that on August 22, 2013, there was a mob attack on the home of 5 suspected gay men in Manchester.
This is the 6th public and reported homophobic incident in a month and is therefore not an anomaly. Like all acts of crime, this incident is merely representative of a general trend since TV cameras cannot possibly capture every assault.
The attack on Aug. 22 follows:
1) The murder of 17 year-old cross-dresser, Dwayne Jones at a public street-party on July 22 and the dumping of his body in nearby bushes while party-goers went on dancing. The country's Minister of Justice condemned the barbaric act;
2) The mob attack of a suspected police officer in downtown Kingston on August 1 who had to be rescued by other officers firing shots in the air and teargas into the crowd;
3) A mob attack on the home of 2 gay persons in St. Catherine also on August 1. They too had to be rescued by police;
4) A homophobic performance at a publicly funded national independence celebration on August 6 for which the Minister of Culture had to publicly apologize; and
5) A mob attack on a cross-dresser in St. Catherine on August 10. The police again had to rescue the individual.
[Huffington Post reports on the 6th homophobic attack in Jamaica in a month on Aug. 22. “A new video that shows a mob of people barricading five gay men inside of their home in a Jamaican village is currently making the rounds on the Internet. … The men were reportedly trapped in their home by the crowd until police arrived and escorted them to safety.”]
This spate of attacks demonstrates that the Jamaican government MUST do more to promote and protect the human rights of LGBT Jamaicans. Apologizing after the fact is not enough.
These brutal assaults also demonstrate that the hate Jamaicans feel towards LGBT citizens is real. Therefore, Ifrica's anti-gay music cannot be encouraged in this toxic environment. It is reasonable that her freedom of speech be limited in order to save lives. Allowing her to continue her vitriolic performance at taxpayers' expense would be tantamount to shouting “Fire!” in a crowded theatre with all the exits barricaded! Someone will get hurt.
Preventing Ifrica from singing about her hate for gays is a small price to pay in order to save lives.
Related articles
ARA News
QAMISHLO – More than 100 fighters from the Sheitaat tribe split from the FSA-group elite forces northwest of Deir ez-Zor province in eastern Syria after tribal disputes, and joined the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), local sources reported on Thursday.
“The defection took place in the past 2 weeks due to tribal issues between fighters in the elite forces since the majority of fighters are from al-Sheitaat tribe which clashed with ISIS in the northern western countryside of Deir ez-Zor,” according to the SOHR.
The Islamic State group (ISIS) massacred over 700 Sheitaat members in August 2014, after the tribe rose up against the ISIS self-declared Caliphate.
Parts of the Sheitaat tribe have joined the Assad regime's National Defence Forces, while others have joined the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) coalition in southern Hasakah and northern Deir ez-Zor. Moreover, a new FSA group called the Elite Forces, that are not part of the SDF, have been engaged in clashes with ISIS on the outskirts of Shaddadi city in Hasakah province.
The US-led coalition denied in a statement any link with this new small group of FSA fighters.
Speaking to ARA News, Coalition spokesman U.S. Army Colonel Christopher Garver said: “In northern Syria the [US-led] Coalition is partnered with the Syrian Democratic Forces, a group that includes Syrian Arabs, Turkmen, Kurdish, Christian and Assyrian fighters. The SDF also includes the Syrian Arab Coalition.”
“The US-led Coalition has quietly, but strenuously, courted tribal groups that live inside ISIS-controlled areas of eastern Syria to turn against the Islamic State,” Nicholas Heras, a Washington-based Middle East researcher at the Centre for a New American Security, told ARA News.
“The Sheitaat are a target audience for this recruitment campaign. These Sheitaat defections to the SDF make sense in that the Syrian Democratic Forces coalition is a rising power in eastern Syria, it is slowly but steadily incorporating more Arab tribal fighters, and it has strong U.S. military support,” Heras said.
“The SDF is increasingly viewed by anti-ISIS Arab tribal groups as a battering ram to bust down the Islamic State strongholds in eastern Syria. More and more, the SDF is becoming a coalition of components, such as the Syrian Arab Coalition that is constituent to but a part of the SDF, and which can mobilize fighters from skeptical identity groups, such as Arab tribes, to combat ISIS,” he said.
Abu Ali (27), the pseudonym of an Arab SDF fighter originally from Raqqa, told ARA News that many Arabs from Deir ez-Zor and Raqqa are joining the SDF forces.
“They just want to liberate their province and country from ISIS,” he said.
The Arab fighters receive training from Americans with light weapons and also get support from US advisors on the ground as part of the Syrian Arab Coalition (SAC)–an SDF faction. Recently, 158 Arab fighters, mostly from the Jibouri tribe, finished their training in the Shaddadi area and joined the SDF forces.
“For some skeptical groups, such as the Sheitaat, where once the Assad regime was viewed as a comparatively more trustworthy partner than the Americans to defeat ISIS, the successes of the SDF, backed by Coalition airpower and Special Forces, are becoming more attractive,” analyst Heras told ARA News.
Kurdish official Perwin Yusuf Mohammed in the local administration of Hasakah said it is possible that the SDF will move into Deir ez-Zor in the future.
“We work as Syrians to liberate areas from the chauvinist regime and ISIS,” she told ARA News. “For the SDF, if they have the opportunity they will liberate all areas from ISIS.”
Reporting by: Wladimir van Wilgenburg
Source: ARA News
Emma Watson as Hermione. Courtesy of Warner Bros.
This question originally appeared on Quora, the best answer to any question. Ask a question, get a great answer. Learn from experts and access insider knowledge. You can follow Quora on Twitter, Facebook, and Google Plus.
Answer by Monika Kothari, abecedarian:
I love this question! To begin, let's just take a few moments to interrogate the general assumption that Hermione is white. Is there any definitive evidence of her race? Is Hermione white because Emma Watson is white? Is Hermione white because she appears to be white on some of the book covers?
In my opinion, both of these depictions are the artistic interpretations of filmmakers and publishers and no more canonical than other fan interpretations. (As it is, people disagree about whether Emma Watson actually looks like the Hermione from the books.) Simply put, there is not enough textual evidence to indicate that Hermione is necessarily white. She might be white, or she might not white, but we don't have information to reach either conclusion. Thus, both interpretations are valid, but I'm going to make a case for why it matters that readers be allowed to view Hermione as black, or biracial, or another minority.
Most of us assume that Hermione is white because she is never presented as a racial other. In Western culture, white is the “neutral” race. Rowling is silent about Hermione's race, and we interpret that silence as default whiteness. Of course, by that logic, Rowling's magical society is blindingly white. Harry is white, Tom Riddle is white, Ron and the rest of the Weasley clan are white, Dumbledore and Snape and pretty much all of the Hogwarts professors are white, Sirius and Lupin are white, Neville and Luna are white. There are a handful of Hogwarts students that we generally accept as nonwhite: Cho Chang, Lee Jordan, Angelina Johnson, Dean Thomas, Blaise Zabini, and Parvati and Padma Patil. All of these characters were either explicitly described as nonwhite, or they have “foreign” names that mark them as nonwhite. For example, Cho's race and ethnicity are never mentioned, yet we don't assume that she's white. Why do you suppose that might be? (Note that Lavender Brown's race is a point of confusion. Rowling was similarly silent about her race. She was portrayed by a black actor for the first few films—until she had a major speaking role, and was recast as white. This recasting only further underscores how unreliable the films are as evidence for a character's race.)
The only other explicitly nonwhite character is Kingsley Shacklebolt, the eventual minister of magic. (To me, this is the equivalent of stuffing a legal drama with white characters and casting the trial judge as black. He's an underdeveloped black authority figure, not uncommon in popular culture.) Thus, the wizarding world appears to be a post-racial and colorblind society, one that welcomes people of all racial backgrounds. But it's also conveniently a system in which nonwhite characters are relegated to interchangeable and replaceable background roles, with minimal development and no individual character arcs.
So why is all of this important? Well, let's remember for a moment that at bottom, Harry Potter is a story about race and the dangerous myth of racial supremacy. The distinctions between pure-blood, half-blood, and muggle-born witches and wizards are basically racial. Within magical society, Hermione and several other characters belong to a maligned minority group that faces racialized hatred. For example, Slytherin students sling racial slurs like “mudblood” at her, and the Death Eater regime later collects information about the identities of half-blood and muggle-born students, presumably to marginalize and persecute them.
I realize that the fact that Hermione is coded as a racial minority in the wizarding world doesn't mean that she actually is nonwhite. Sure, there are muggle-born students that are white. But Hermione is one of the few we deeply care about: The subtext is there, and I think it's reasonable for readers to make that leap. She's a social justice activist, and she pushes back against the enslavement of house elves. I think this interpretation adds a layer of depth and socio-political complexity to the story. More importantly, Hermione is a smart, interesting, and good character, a main character with major development—qualities rarely afforded to minorities in Western literature, much less minority women. At the very least, I hope it's understandable why it might be meaningful to some fans to imagine her as nonwhite. A story about racial hatred and oppression, in which zero major characters are actual racial minorities, would be a bit strange, would it not?
As for the lack of textual evidence, I reject the “white by default” theory. So let's consider the reverse: that Hermione is not white unless described as such. It's been a long time since I last read the Harry Potter books, but I don't think that Rowling is ever explicit about Hermione's race. Hermione's most prominent physical features, as far as I can recall, are her “bushy hair” and slightly buck teeth. Both of those features are race-neutral. (As a child, I wasn't sure what “bushy hair” was supposed to be, and I read it to mean black hair. In fact, I assumed that Hermione was black for many years, until Emma Watson was cast. I think that my experience alone—the experience of one child—is enough to indicate that Hermione is not necessarily white.)
Rowling may have imagined Hermione as white—indeed, she probably did. But it's not clear to me that authorial intent, without textual support, should matter in settling this question. Rowling has waffled on a lot of character and plot details postpublication. For example, she stated that she regretted pairing Ron and Hermione as a romantic couple. (Fan went nuts over that.) She also announced that Dumbledore was gay after releasing the final book, but she never stated that any other character was queer-identifying. Does that mean that there are no other queer characters in magical society? Should we assume that all the other characters are necessarily heterosexual and cisgender? I certainly hope not, especially considering that Dumbledore's first (and apparently only) romance ended in tragedy. (Come on guys, we need more happy stories about LGBT people!)
Similarly, even if Rowling conceived of Hermione as white, I don't think it should matter. I'll note that I really do like Rowling, at least based on what I know of her. She seems like a lovely person who does a lot of good charity work. I don't mean any personal slight against her, but let's be honest, she doesn't really treat the racial issues in Harry Potter with depth or nuance. But on Twitter, Rowling has favorited a number of fanworks that depict various characters, including Harry and Hermione, as black, suggesting that the author herself doesn't believe that Hermione is necessarily white.
I firmly believe that Hermione's race is ambiguous—and why shouldn't fans see her as black or biracial or Hispanic or Asian, if it's meaningful for them? There is no dearth of white protagonists for white readers to identify with. Nonwhite characters are so underrepresented in fiction as it is, that sometimes minority readers need to find kinship where they can. Junot Diaz talks about why such representation is important:
You guys know about vampires? … You know, vampires have no reflections in a mirror? There's this idea that monsters don't have reflections in a mirror. And what I've always thought isn't that monsters don't have reflections in a mirror. It's that if you want to make a human being into a monster, deny them, at the cultural level, any reflection of themselves. And growing up, I felt like a monster in some ways. I didn't see myself reflected at all. I was like, “Yo, is something wrong with me? That the whole society seems to think that people like me don't exist?” And part of what inspired me, was this deep desire that before I died, I would make a couple of mirrors. That I would make some mirrors so that kids like me might see themselves reflected back and might not feel so monstrous for it.
There is a long cultural tradition of reinterpreting minority characters as white. Consider, for example, the casting of The Last Airbender or any Western adaptation of Japanese anime. This practice is harmful, because it further diminishes the few representations of nonwhite characters in Western media. (I talk a bit more about this phenomenon here.) Reinterpreting a previously white character as a minority is not the same thing. Writing Spider-Man as Miles Morales, a black or Latino young man, doesn't deny white people cultural representations of themselves. It doesn't undermine white power in society. Instead, it empowers young people of color, who have few other opportunities to see themselves reflected as heroes in literature and popular culture. And the same principle holds when fans interpret Hermione as nonwhite.
Is Hermione Granger necessarily white? originally appeared on Quora. More questions on Quora:
"Enemy troops enjoyed the support of mortars and tanks of Russia's occupation forces. The fighting lasted for seven hours without a break. According to rough estimates, the adversaries lobbed over 300 shells into areas near the town of Avdiyivka and fired over 70 tank projectiles. The situation near Avdiyivka is getting worse," Defense Ministry press secretary for Anti-Terrorist Operation issues Oleksandr Motuzianyk said at a briefing on Sunday, February 19.
Enemy artillery projectiles damaged power lines on Saturday night, which caused blackouts in Avdiyivka again, Motuzianyk said.
Ukraine's State Emergency Situations Service reported in turn that the water supply in the town had been suspended after the outage.
Read alsoUkrainian troops repel enemy attack near Avdiyivka on Sunday morning"On February 18, a 110 kV high-voltage transmission line, Makiyivska 1-Avdiyivka Coke Plant No. 2, was damaged amid fighting, as a result of which, the power supply was discontinued in Avdiyivka (where about 22,000 people live)," the service said in a statement
The water supply there was also suspended. At the same time, the heat supply on Sunday morning was maintained by Avdiyivka coke plant's heating system (air temperature in apartments was 20-25 degrees above zero), according to the service.
New Prometheus Plot Synopsis Tells Us A Little More About The Film By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
Discovered on the movie's
Ridley Scott, director of “Alien” and “Blade Runner,” returns to the genre he helped define. With PROMETHEUS, he creates a groundbreaking mythology, in which a team of explorers discovers a clue to the origins of mankind on Earth, leading them on a thrilling journey to the darkest corners of the universe. There, they must fight a terrifying battle to save the future of the human race.
Like I said, it's still quite simple, but it does have one interesting part: the discovery of mankind's origins. To anyone that's been following the project's development, this would seem to
Set to hit theaters on June 8, 2012, Prometheus stars Michael Fassbender, Noomi Rapace, Charlize Theron, Idris Elba, Guy Pearce, Ben Foster, and Logan Marshall-Green. While we have yet to see a trailer for the new movie, the first still was released during the San Diego Comic Con in July. For more about the movie, be sure to head over to our The last plot synopsis we received for Ridley Scott's Prometheus was as generic as you could possibly imagine . Only 70 words long, the description informed us that Ridley Scott is an awesome sci-fi director and that the events will test the characters' "physical and mental limits." It didn't mention any of the cast and failed to even establish a setting. Now a new plot synopsis has made its way online and while it's still vague, it is a bit more informative.Discovered on the movie's official Facebook page (via APN ), the new logline is as follows:Like I said, it's still quite simple, but it does have one interesting part: the discovery of mankind's origins. To anyone that's been following the project's development, this would seem to confirm the alien terraformers , though it's obviously still unclear if there's a connection to the Alien franchise or the fabled Space Jockey. It's still unclear what the major threat is or why the human race is in danger.Is it a surprise to anyone that this script was written by Lost co-creator Damon Lindelof?Set to hit theaters on June 8, 2012, Prometheus stars Michael Fassbender, Noomi Rapace, Charlize Theron, Idris Elba, Guy Pearce, Ben Foster, and Logan Marshall-Green. While we have yet to see a trailer for the new movie, the first still was released during the San Diego Comic Con in July. For more about the movie, be sure to head over to our Blend Film Database Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
The Frick Collection, which began staying open late on Friday nights starting in 2002, has been making some of those nights free on an occasional basis for the last five years — and noticing that the crowds tend to be younger and filled with first-time visitors. Now the collection — home to three of eight Vermeers in Manhattan, along with enough van Dycks, Rembrandts, El Grecos and Turners to stock several nice museums — plans to make its free nights a regular institution, on the first Friday of every month beginning in October.
Museum admission and gallery programs — lectures and talks, music and dance, along with open sketching in the Garden Court — will be free from 6 to 9 p.m., along with access to special exhibitions. (There won't be a First Friday in January.)
“We have seen our evening hours events become increasingly popular for their unique combination of access and engaging programming,” Ian Wardropper, the museum's director, said. “These nights have occurred throughout the year at various intervals, and we hope that in offering them regularly at the start of the month, they will become a beloved and well-known New York tradition.”
The recent bloody attacks on civilians in Paris have yet again elicited widespread demands for an aggressive response. As after 9/11, fourteen years ago, we again hear that the self-described “Islamic State” (otherwise known in the English-speaking press as ISIS or ISIL) is fundamentally evil and deserving only the most implacable and savage response.
There can be no doubt that such attacks on unsuspecting and unarmed civilians are despicable, wrong, unfair, even, indeed, evil. But if labeling the perpetrators as evil excuses us from trying to understand them, then we harm ourselves.
Islamic fundamentalism, as exemplified by the Islamic State, is a response to centuries of Western (Christian) domination and exploitation of Islamic societies from North Africa to Southeast Asia. The leaders of such fundamentalist movements have found that they can effectively mobilize large numbers of faithful men and women to strike such blows against the “crusaders” of the West. Islamic fundamentalism is just the latest and most effective anti-imperialist strategy to have emerged from the Islamic world.
Terrorist attacks on soft targets like central Paris are nothing more than a tactic that is useful for groups that cannot directly confront conventional military opponents.
Terrorist attacks on soft targets like central Paris are nothing more than a tactic that is useful for groups that cannot directly confront conventional military opponents. Terror is a weapon of the weak. Hence the “War on Terror:” that we have been fighting since 2001 reflects a fundamental misunderstanding of our opponents.
The Islamic State and other radical Islamists don't do terror because they are essentially evil terrorists, they do it because it's about the only effective way they have to attack the West. If they could, they really would like to conquer Western societies and force their conversion to Islam. They want, in short, to relive the first centuries of Islamic history. There is absolutely no prospect that they will be able to accomplish that, but they can nonetheless just keep on attacking.
How can we best respond to this threat? Here are two contradictory truths. First, these radical Islamists neither understand nor respect conciliation or nonviolence. Second, any violent response will just feed the cycle of eye-for-eye retribution that is central to their understanding of the world.
What these two truths mean for us is that we have to respond violently to their violent provocations, and that our violence won't really solve anything. A carefully coordinated, intense military attack might well succeed in wiping out the territorial base of the Islamic State (which is the first radical Islamist movement to even try to hold territory and set itself up as a state). But we know from prior experience with Al Qaeda that we can degrade or even destroy a particular organization, without touching the underlying conditions that produce radical Islamists. If we knock off the Islamic State, some other group will emerge.
We should certainly NOT allow ourselves to be drawn into another prolonged occupation in the Middle East. We can see from Afghanistan and Iraq that such occupations solve nothing, and indeed make our problems worse in the long run. I hope we can trust Barack Obama not to get drawn into this trap. I am fairly sure that all of the Democratic presidential candidates would also avoid it. Among the Republicans, only Rand Paul would not fall into the trap.
If we are ever to break out of this cycle, we will have to fundamentally change our approach to the Islamic world. We need to stop trying to control it. If Vladimir Putin thinks he can control it, let him try. He or his successors will come to regret it. What we must do is leave them alone. And that means not only leaving the oilfields alone. It means not trying to prevent beastly governments from abusing their own people. We are not the ones to fix such abuses. The abused people will eventually do it themselves.
In short, we have to respond with force to provocations, because that's the only language our adversaries understand. We need to understand that our forceful response won't solve anything. We need, fundamentally, in the long term, to leave them alone. Each of these three statements contradicts the others. That is our world.
John Peeler
McDonald's, Burger King and other fast food outlets should offer diners free drugs to compensate for the risk of heart disease, cardiologists proposed today.
If burger joints offered cholesterol-lowering statins, customers would offset the unhealthy effects of a cheeseburger and milkshake, according to researchers at Imperial College London.
The pills could be placed beside the salt, pepper and tomato ketchup to encourage people to pop one after their meal.
The suggestion is made in a paper by Dr Darrel Francis, a cardiologist at Imperial's National Heart and Lung Institute, and colleagues published in the American Journal of Cardiology.
The idea was criticised by leading doctors, who said the study could encourage ill-health by prompting even greater consumption of junk food and increasing the belief in "a pill for every ill".
Francis said: "Statins do not cut out all of the unhealthy effects of burgers and fries. It's better to avoid fatty food altogether. But in terms of your likelihood of having a heart attack, taking a statin can reduce your risk to more or less the same degree as a fast food meal increases it."
People eat fast food despite knowing that it is bad for them. Given that, said Francis: "It makes sense to make risk-reducing supplements available just as easily as the unhealthy condiments that are provided free of charge. It would cost less than 5p per customer - not much different to a sachet of ketchup."
The proposal was in line with other established risk-reducing measures such as wearing a seatbelt or buying filtered cigarettes, Francis argued.
Professor Steve Field, chairman of the Royal College of General Practitioners, denounced the proposal. "This paper just amazes me," he said. "Let's get real; we should be encouraging healthy lifestyles, not pill popping. This is an unwelcome addition to the 'pill for every ill' attitude that's already much too common. The danger of this research is that some people will become even more complacent about eating fatty food and high calorie food, and might even increase their intake of them."
While statins were generally safe they could increase the risk of muscle weakness and, in rare cases, of kidney failure, cataracts and liver problems, Field added.
Millions of Britons who have dangerously high cholesterol levels, and those with existing heart problems, take statins regularly to reduce the risk of a heart attack or stroke.
Professor Peter Weissberg, medical director of the British Heart Foundation, said: "The suggestion that the harmful effects of a junk food meal might be erased by taking a cholesterol-lowering statin tablet should not be taken literally. Statins are a vital medicine for people with, or at high risk of developing, heart disease. They are not a magic bullet."
Share. Including the fact it's definitely the spiritual successor to Demon's Souls. Including the fact it's definitely the spiritual successor to Demon's Souls.
Sony has announced the first solid details about action-RPG Bloodborne, following its announcement at yesterday's Sony E3 Press Conference.
The company revealed on the PlayStation Blog that while development is being spearheaded by From Software, the project is being produced by SCE Japan Studio and hopes to "transport players to a dark and terror-filled gothic world, a world full of deranged beings and nightmarish creatures."
Exit Theatre Mode
While that's all well and good, the developer has also confirmed what many of us suspected for some time: Bloodborne is indeed the spiritual successor to Demon's Souls. In a section detailing the upcoming title's combat, it explains "One of the ways we are bringing that sense of danger to life is by keeping the deep strategic elements from Demon's Souls, while also transitioning from the passive and block-and-attack style of Demon's Souls to a quicker, more offensive and active combat style with close-range weapons and guns."
Story details were also revealed, with the update explaining: "Bloodborne takes place in an ancient, forgotten city called Yharnam, known for an old medical remedy. Over the years, many hopeless and afflicted people have made long pilgrimages to Yharnam in search of help. As the main character, you are one of these travelers. However, you find that Yharnam is also cursed with a horrible endemic illness. You must navigate the perilous streets of this city, fighting off nightmarish creatures, malformed beasts and deranged mobs stricken with this horrific illness. Face your fears as you discover the secrets and mysteries of this dark and horrific world where danger, death and madness lurk around every corner."
Bloodborne First Screenshots 4 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 04 01 OF 04 Bloodborne First Screenshots Download Image Captions ESC
We'll have much more on Bloodborne later this week as E3 unfolds, so be sure to stick with IGN for all the latest news.
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK News Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on Twitter.
A new malaria vaccine candidate has proven up to 100 percent effective in clinical trials.
The potential vaccine introduces live malaria parasites into patients, paired with the medication needed to combat them. It was given to 67 healthy humans, and the nine participants given the highest dose were 100 percent protected against the disease for at least 10 weeks after vaccination.
This is only a Phase II clinical trial, aimed at looking at how well the vaccine works in a small group of healthy people, as well as testing the side effects.
But the most exciting part is that it's not the only vaccine candidate currently proving itself in clinical trials.
Last year, the World Health Organisation (WHO) announced that a pilot programme involving the world's first licensed malaria vaccine - RTS,S, also known as Mosquirix - would be rolled out in three sub-Saharan African countries in 2018.
Mosquirix has so far only proven up to 50 percent effective in children, but it's hoped that further testing and dose tweaking in the pilot program could improve that efficacy further.
Now, another new vaccine candidate called Sanaria® PfSPZ-CVac has just cleared Phase II clinical trials. It's not as far along in the drug development process as Mosquirix, but so far, it's showing the potential to be a lot more effective.
Regardless of which one ultimately ends up offering better protection, the reality is that after more than a century, we're finally getting really close to not just one, but two viable malaria vaccines hitting the market.
Malaria still kills more than 400,000 people each year - most of those in Africa - and nearly three-quarters of deaths in children under the age of five. WHO estimates that some 214 million people were infected in 2015 alone.
Being able to cheaply and effectively vaccinate vulnerable populations again the disease would save millions of lives.
But it's a task that scientists have found challenging. Malaria is transmitted by a group of mosquito-borne parasites - most infections and deaths are caused by the particularly nasty parasite Plasmodium falciparum.
Previous vaccine candidates, including Mosquirix, have been designed to protect the body against this threat by introducing it to different molecules from this parasite.
The hope is that this little 'sneak preview' would be enough to get the immune system to mount a full-blown attack on the next encounter, but so far, this approach hasn't proven effective enough to offer 100 percent effective in humans.
Instead, the latest candidate to hit clinical trials has a different strategy.
Sanaria® PfSPZ-CVac is unusual, because it contains whole, live malaria parasite - not just parts of the pathogen or inactivated versions of it.
These live malaria parasites were injected into the body of trial participants alongside medication called chloroquine, which is known to kill the parasites.
This vaccine was given to 67 healthy adult participants, none of whom had ever had malaria before. Different doses of the vaccine candidate were tested, and the best protection was seen in nine people who were given the highest dose of the vaccine three times at four-week intervals.
Ten weeks after the trial, all nine of them had 100 percent protection from the disease. The researchers stopped actively measuring antibody response at that point, but the participants showed signs of ongoing protection after that.
"That protection was probably caused by specific T-lymphocytes and antibody responses to the parasites in the liver," said Peter Kremsner, one of the researchers running the trial from the German Centre for Infection Research (DZIF).
The liver is particularly important in malaria infection, because after someone is bitten by an infected mosquito, the parasite spreads to the liver where it reproduces before exploding back into the body and causing malaria.
During that down-time in the liver, the immune system could shut down the infection, but the parasite isn't making the patient sick as yet, so it doesn't do anything.
Current medications, including chloroquine, treat the parasite as soon as it breaks out of the liver, but in order to properly protect against it we need to stop malaria before it gets to the liver in the first place.
By injecting people with an active parasite straight into their bloodstream, the new vaccine candidate is effectively mimicking the second part of the disease, giving the body a preview of what's to come, so it can shut it down early next time.
"By vaccinating with a live, fully active pathogen, it seems clear that we were able to set off a very strong immune response," said trial leader Benjamin Mordmueller.
"Additionally, all the data we have so far indicate that what we have here is relatively stable, long-lasting protection."
The fact that the parasite is injected alongside chloroquine also meant that participants were protected from actually developing the disease - there were no signs of adverse effects on any of the test subjects.
While the group of nine people given the highest dose had the best protection against the disease, the lower doses given to other groups achieved efficacy of between 33 and 67 percent.
But while this trial was promising, so far, all the team has shown is that the vaccine works in high doses, and doesn't cause side effects over a 10-week period.
The next step is to test the vaccine's effectiveness over several years - which will happen in a phase III clinical trial in the African nation of Gabon that's already been planned and funded by DZIF.
Mosquirix has completed phase III clinical trials, and in 2018, will be tested on the general public by WHO.
Only time will tell how successful either of these vaccines will be in the long-term. But drug development is an incredibly lengthy and expensive process, and it seems that when it comes to a malaria vaccine, we're finally getting to the pointy end.
And that's definitely worth celebrating.
The results of the latest Sanaria® PfSPZ-CVac trial have been published in Nature.
Almost exactly six years ago, Apple launched the first iPhone. It was a small device that many dismissed as a toy. In reality Steve put a supercomputer in our pocket -- we just didn't know it. And like super computers before, it came with immense capabilities and brought about an opportunity to rethink, reimagine and reinvent how we live, work, create and consume. Today, smartphones sell by the hundreds of millions, and with that they bring what Chris Anderson (True Founder, former editor of Wired, best-selling author, and Chief Executive of 3D Robotics) describes as the “peace dividend of the smartphone war.”
Cheap processors, cheaper memory, and even cheaper sensors means it's a great time for people who like to tinker with hardware. Platforms like Kickstarter and Quirky de-risk production, identify features and customers, and do so before the first tool is made. Wireless broadband is ubiquitous, and military grade technology is available at RadioShack. The manufacture and design of products and devices has changed forever. Building factories is no longer a prerequisite for building products. Add to the mix emergent technologies such as 3D printing and inexpensive laser cutters that put prototyping capabilities onto a kitchen table, and we suddenly are facing an extraordinary revolution in hardware-based innovation.
The new industrialization
This is a tectonic shift that is going to drive the next wave of industrialization -- one that is more nimble, adaptable, and rapidly evolving, and one that is as much based in software as it is in assembly lines. The past 150 years were about the economics of labor and mass production. Now, information flow, data, and analytic platforms are the new tools augmenting the lathes, pneumatic hammers, and assembly lines of yesteryear.
The offspring of this marriage of machine and software is customizable, connected, and it enables creation. This new age of hardware is the foundation for a novel breed of services and platforms that leverage software and -- most importantly -- data, whether to change health behavior or to revolutionize the way we farm.
Investors have historically shied away from hardware, but we have long believed these enormous forces will change the industry and the world. True Ventures has been an early and big investor in the burgeoning hardware and device wave: We funded Fitbit‘s seed round in 2008, were early investors in MakerBot starting in 2010, and have gone on to fund 3D Robotics, AirstonLabs, Ginger.io, Inventables, littleBits, Sifteo, Streetline, Valencell, and several others that have yet to be announced.
These investments have given us a unique view at the dawn of this new revolution, and we want to share what we have learned. We share because we believe deeply that collaboration is the best path to inspire and propel the Founders behind this historic movement to unleash a new kind of creativity into our world.
Some of the things we have learned so far:
Hardware is the double black diamond of startups. These startups are not for the faint of heart. Innovation curves are longer in hardware, and you're dependent upon a huge host of suppliers and partners. Off-shore manufacturing means dealing full time with multiple and different business cultures, languages, and customs. And believe me when I say that China is a very long way from Palo Alto. Maybe not once or twice a year, but to manage it every day presents a much higher degree of difficulty. Unlike most startups in which you control your destiny, in devices you are dependent upon many, many others, some of whom are around the world, just to build your first product.
Experience counts...really. Stand tall on the shoulders of others -- people who have been there before. Learning how to implement an SAP system or negotiate with suppliers 24/7 is a critical path skill for the company, but it is not necessarily a critical path skill for you as a Founder. Get experienced help, and get it quick. Poor supply chain creation and management or weak demand planning will kill most companies that make a product. These are areas where you as a Founder don't want to be a hero, you just want to get the best job done. Be creative: littleBits solved this problem with a really deep and valuable partnership with PCH. It enabled the company early on to have significant production capacity and scale. It's been an important part of the company's early success. Seasoned help is out there, get it in your company fast.
Capital, and lots of it. Costs are high and more cash is needed, at all stages, to build a device. Not only is the cost of building a physical product much higher than in a software only business, but in today's hardware world, you need to build both a hardware company and a software company. Today's devices extend the power of the software world to incredible places, and your startup needs to do both well, which means higher burn rates. Cash also gets consumed by WIP, inventory, shipments in transit, returns. Even small failure is very expensive.
Just like we pilots say, “know your numbers." Knowing the specifics behind your BOM and margin is as critical to you as knowing when to rotate an aircraft on takeoff, knowing your fuel reserve margin, or keeping up airspeed on an approach. Often hardware companies learn to their chagrin that while they are selling a awful lot of products, they are steadily running out of cash. Gross margin, contribution, inventory turns, all of these are critical to keeping air flowing across your wings.
Choose you investors wisely. It's in vogue for VCs to “love hardware” today, but most investors operate on far too short a time horizon for early stage hardware startups. Capital strategy is one of the most important things you will do as a Founder. Take it seriously, and be careful.
Design as if your life depended upon it, because it does. Not only are most devices incredibly hard to design because of space, heat, shape constraints, but they also must look and feel amazing. Oh, and you don't get a second chance for a first impression. Devices are very hard to change once you ship them, and unlike an app or any software, customers don't “close” a device and make it disappear. Your good choices, and your bad ones, are forever enshrined in atoms for all the world to see. In many cases you are building something intensely personal. Consider the Fitbits people wear or Nest devices that light up in the home above or around your loved ones: These are remarkable devices and they are incredibly personal. Getting design right is very, very hard, and getting design wrong is very, very easy. Once trust or respect is lost in the marketplace, it's nearly impossible to restore. The lesson here is launch only when you are absolutely positively ready (and no, you don't need to “hit Christmas” on your first launch).
Retail me later. As tempting as it is to have meetings with “big box retailers” who promise to move enormous numbers of units, the reality is that this should be a strategy to employ well after you've succeeded in selling a lot yourselves. Not only is direct more profitable, but you maintain the relationship with your customer, which is so critical in the early through mid-stage. You also maintain your agility, because all of these large retailers require big inventory reserves, special pricing, and special terms, and they have return rights that can sink you if your product doesn't sell. Retail is a great channel later, but first, stay direct.
It's all about the data. Seriously. All of these devices are merely endpoints of the Web or connection point to data, content, or a point of connectedness to a particular state, location or point in time. In addition to ambient monitoring data, other types of data are the real juice to the squeeze here: Thingiverse to the MakerBot, which makes every endpoint a universal creation machine, limited only by the world's creativity; images and video brought to us for the first time from quadcopters and fixed wing autonomous vehicles; parking data delivered instantly by Streetline's mesh network of sensors, or the delivery of beauty instantly to a place where it may not have existed (play “Nice Dream” by Radiohead via Spotify on your Sonos system, if you have any doubt about the beauty that a connected device is capable of creating).
You're building a company, not a Kickstarter campaign. Sure, Kickstarter (which we love) is a great early indicator of product demand and can be useful in feature testing, but a successful campaign does not a successful company make. Like every other startup, you need to build a great team early, in advance of success, and meet the market with the best minds possible, working together, to change the future. A good Kickstarter campaign is great, but don't mistake it for company success.
These are just a few... There are many more.
What we think comes next
We believe this is just the very beginning of the hardware revolution. The world is eagerly awaiting new devices and new device platforms. Look around you and it is hard not to see opportunities. We need a large scale device control and management platform that enables configuration, addressability, access, registration, tracking. We are still in desperate need for advance control plane software that will enable features in robotics like sense and avoid, swarm coordination, traffic management, ideally across device type. And much, much more.
On the device level, opportunities abound. When True funded MakerBot and Fitbit, critics told us these were “vertical markets” that were small and maybe not so important. They've turned out to be more like iceberg markets -- they looked small and niche from the surface but were monsters underneath, and have driven the creation of entirely new categories. There are many, many more of these in places we don't yet see, but they are likely right under our noses. The home, the car, the workplace, the body, the air, the sun, the sky, the sea, the sand.
Enormous amounts of video and imagery are being created, and this gives rise to new types of data cataloguing, geo-referencing, stitching, searching and even analysis. There is an entirely new GIS industry about to be created. Unlike GIS of the past, this one will be fully multi-media, multi-modal, real time, and in all likelihood streaming.
Some of the platforms we've seen will literally blow your mind at first glance. New devices will create a entirely new view into our world, from the nano to the galactic, from the human body out into the oceans, the atmosphere, space and beyond.
We expect brilliant things to come in the years ahead. Welcome to the hardware revolution. Please join us.
Go Back
VA Research Currents archives || Sign up for VA Research updates
Key findings
From fourth-century soup to 21st-century procedure, fecal transplantation proves its worth against stubborn bacteria
January 28, 2015
VA's Dr. Dimitri Drekonja and colleagues have conducted a review of the evidence for fecal transplants as a therapy to combat C. difficile infections. (Photo by April Eiler) VA's Dr. Dimitri Drekonja and colleagues have conducted a review of the evidence for fecal transplants as a therapy to combat C. difficile infections. (Photo by April Eiler)
Not all bacteria are bad.
Just ask the fourth-century Chinese medical doctor Ge Hong. More than 1,700 years ago, Hong put ink to paper to document a rather unique recipe for treating diarrhea— yellow soup. It was, as one might expect, not a pleasant dish but rather a broth involving dried or fermented stool from a healthy person. Taken by mouth, the bacteria in the stool would then inhabit the gut of the sick person, and bring about a cure.
Medical scholars can debate whether Ge Hong's yellow soup was the first effort at what is now called fecal microbiota transplantation. In any case, history is replete with documented examples of the practice, from Renaissance-era veterinarians to a 1958 Colorado case involving four critically ill patients.
Now an increase in a hard-to-beat intestinal bacterium has prompted VA researchers to revisit the effectiveness of FMT—a modern version of Hong's yellow soup.
Systematic review of evidence
Investigators with VA's Evidence-based Synthesis Program conducted a systematic review of the evidence surrounding FMT, in part to help VA determine if the treatment was effective enough to be offered at VA facilities. By and large, the data are promising. The researchers are preparing the results for publication.
The treatment revolves around intestinal flora. In a healthy person, the bowels are chock-full of healthy bacteria. When a person is on antibiotics, the balance can be upset; after all, antibiotics kill bacteria indiscriminately, whether harmful or not. The result, all too often, is the development of gastrointestinal disease, specifically, Clostridium difficile-related diarrhea and colitis.
"Historically C. difficile was seen mostly in those with health care exposure, almost exclusively those who have received antibiotics," says Dr. Dimitri Drekonja, a staff physician in the infectious disease section at the Minneapolis VA Health Care System. "Lately, though, there have been increasing reports of people getting it who don't have any of that exposure. We're very good at spreading germs around. MRSA used to be a bacterium that was only hospital-acquired, and it seems that C. difficile is doing the same thing, emerging from the hospital setting and moving out into the community. It is, right now, the most common cause of infectious diarrhea."
A new weapon against an urgent threat
The issue is so pressing, in fact, that in 2013, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention placed C. difficile into its top threat category: urgent. Infection can result in repeated hospitalizations, malnourishment, and dehydration, and it can occasionally prove fatal. According to Drekonja, who is also an assistant professor of medicine at the University of Minnesota, it's not that C. difficile is hard to treat, but rather that it has a distressingly high recurrence rate. Put simply, it is one stubborn bug. Between 15 and 30 percent of patients experience recurrent episodes of the illness. It is quickly replacing MRSA as the most common bacterial infection found in hospital settings.
"The single biggest trigger is receipt of further antibiotics," says Drekonja. "But sometimes that's not modifiable. If you need antibiotics for something very serious like a severe necrotizing skin condition or a bad cellulitis, then nothing else will work. That puts you in an uncomfortable position of knowing you need treatment, but you're definitely increasing your risk of a C. difficile recurrence."
Mainstream medical treatment involves therapy with vancomycin or other antibiotics active against C. difficile and, as expected, a break from antibiotics whenever possible. These treatments, however, tend to produce sustained success only 30 to 80 percent of the time. The variation, says Drekonja, depends on the number of recurrences, duration of treatment, and other variables.
Procedure in use in VA on case-by-case basis
Currently FMT is used only on a case-by-case basis in VA, mostly through coordination with non-VA providers. "It's in an uncertain regulatory environment," says Drekonja. "Is this a drug? If so, it's not FDA-approved. Different facilities are approaching it differently."
The studies Drekonja's group reviewed focused primarily on recurring cases of C.difficile, as well as non-responsive, or refractory, cases.
"The treatment isn't usually given to acutely ill patients," says Drekonja. "The bulk of the patients had an episode or multiple episodes and were treated through conventional means. Then once they were largely asymptomatic but at risk of a recurrence, they were given the FMT."
The transplants were delivered in different ways: Some were given through the upper gastrointestinal tract, through the use of either a nasogastric or nasojejunal tube, more colloquially known as a feeding tube, or, in one study, by ingestion of capsules of frozen stool. Others were delivered via enema, rectal tube, or colonoscopy.
Positive results overall
Results overall were positive. In the frozen-capsule study, 20 patients took 15 capsules per day over two days and had a 70 percent success rate. In a study using nasogastric tubes, 81 percent of patients achieved resolution within the first three months, compared with 31 percent and 23 percent in the two control groups receiving vancomycin.
Across the board, in fact, FMT proved highly effective, with no delivery method being clearly superior to the others. Nevertheless, without confirmation from a controlled trial, Drekonja doesn't believe the procedure is ready for widespread VA use. "At this point, the evidence is largely through case series," he says.
More research is needed, and perhaps a little socialization. After all, the concept itself can be a bit distressing. Drekonja says convincing patients of the need for FMT can sometimes be a challenge.
"Those that go through it are quite satisfied. But when we have approached patients about this, a few didn't even want to finish the conversation, let alone do it. There is a certain yuck factor that will always turn off a segment of the population. Now, if they have five recurrent episodes of C. difficile, will that yuck factor all of a sudden drop out?
After all, as unpleasant as a colonoscopy, nasogastric tube, or frozen stool capsule might be— they've got to be better than Dr. Hong's yellow soup.
The number of visitors to the UK's major museums and galleries fell by nearly 1.4 million last year, the first decline in almost a decade.
A report by the Department of Culture, Media and Sport found that 47.6 million people visited the institutions it sponsors, such as Tate Modern, the British Museum, the Imperial War Museum and the Victoria and Albert Museum, between April 2015 and April 2016.
This was down from a figure of 49 million who visited the same museums [see footnote] in the previous 12-month period.
The drop in museum visitors reveals a nation without aspiration or hope Read more
One of the most significant declines was in the number of young people visiting these museums for educational purposes, which dropped by over 6% from the previous year.
The Museums Association blamed security fears over terrorism, and a possible lack of blockbuster exhibitions on the scale of the V&A's David Bowie show, for the drop in numbers.
Tate galleries, which includes Tate Modern, Tate Britain, Tate Liverpool and Tate St Ives, saw the greatest fall, from 7.9 million to 6.7 million. It meant the British Museum once again became the most popular institution, drawing in 6.9 million visitors in 2016.
Tate said that in 2014 Tate Modern hosted its most popular ever exhibition, Matisse Cutouts, which drew in over half a million people. However, 2016 was also a successful year for Tate Modern, with its long-awaited extension, Switch House, drawing in a record-breaking 143,000 visitors on its opening weekend in June.
The Museums Association said it was disappointing that the greatest decline in visitor numbers came from educational visits and school groups. There was a 6.9% drop in children under 18 being taken on school trips and participating in workshops and educational activities in the galleries and museums.
Those under 18 still in formal education also visited galleries and museums less in 2016, with an overall decline of 3.1%. The drop could be attributable to a national education system which was recently found to be “systematically” removing arts and culture from the curriculum. The 2015 Warwick Commission found that the number of arts teachers in school had dropped by 11% since 2010, and that there was a 25% drop in those taking art and other craft-related subjects for GCSE.
Similarly art history had been dropped from the A-Level curriculum, although the government was forced to backtrack on this.
Alistair Brown, a spokesperson for the Museums Association, said: “These figures are clearly disappointing. As schools come under greater pressure, they are finding it harder to devote time to out-of-class activities such as museum visits. Children are increasingly missing out on valuable experiences that bring history, science and culture to life and expose them to new ideas.
“Last week, the government welcomed the Imagine Nation report that demonstrated the value of cultural learning, but these figures show that they need to do more to help schools and museums work together.”
For the National Gallery, the drop in numbers during 2015 was mainly due to being hit by staff strikes over the privatisation of services. The gallery said: “During 2015 the National Gallery was affected by over 100 days of strike action, and this resulted in the cancellation of many school visits and education-related programmes. This had an inevitable impact on our visitor numbers from both schools and general gallery visitation that year.”
Overseas visitors continued to make up almost half of the UK's museum-going crowds. Over 47% of those who visited the government-sponsored institutions were tourists. The museum with the highest proportion of foreign tourists was the Royal Armouries museum, making up 67.5% of all visitors.
A DCMS spokesperson said:“Our world-class museums and galleries continue to attract huge numbers of people from across the country, including almost 8 million children last year alone. We are completely committed to encouraging children of all ages and from all backgrounds to enjoy and learn from visiting museums and galleries.”
The UK's museums are not the only ones to be hit with falling visitor numbers, in part because of terrorism fears. The Louvre recently reported that it had 7.3 million visitors in 2016, a considerable decline from the 9.3 million visitors it had boasted two years before. This included a decline of 31% of visitors from China, 61% from Japan and 18% from the US.
• This article was amended on 3 February 2017. An earlier version put the decline in attendances at more than 2m, comparing a 2014/15 record figure for attendances at DCMS-sponsored museums with the 2015/16 figure. However, the 2014/15 figure included attendances at Tyne and Wear Museums, while the 2015/16 figure did not as they are no longer DCMS-sponsored. The article now compares like-for-like figures.
This talk was given at the Authors Forum at the 2014 Austrian Economics Research Conference at the Mises Institute.
I would like to thank Joe Salerno, Mark Thornton, and the Mises Institute for allowing me to talk about my newest book. I would like to talk about how the book came about, its relation to some of my other books, and the book's content, theme, audience, reception, cover, and emphasis. I look at the book as an antidote to military exceptionalism.
War, Empire, and the Military: Essays on the Follies of War and U.S. Foreign Policy (hereafter just War, Empire, and the Military), cannot be fully understood without reference to the companion volume I published last year, War, Christianity, and the State: Essays on the Follies of Christian Militarism (hereafter just War, Christianity, and the State). But these books cannot be fully understood without reference to the one book that preceded them: Christianity and War and Other Essays Against the Warfare State (hereafter just Christianity and War), the second edition of which was published in 2008 and the first in 2005. This is the book I was encouraged to repudiate and shred when I took delivery from my printer. But even that book cannot be fully understood without reference to a single article titled “Christianity and War” that was published on October 29, 2003, on War, Empire, and the M... Laurence M. Vance Best Price: $5.98 Buy New $9.95 (as of 06:25 EST - Details) LewRockwell.com. It was at a conference here at the Mises Institute in 2003 that Lew Rockwell asked me to write something for him on war from an evangelical perspective. And the rest, as they say, is history.
My first edition of Christianity and War was published in January of 2005. I spoke about it in March of that year at the Authors Forum at what was then called the Austrian Scholars Conference. That book contained thirteen essays—organized under the headings of Christianity and War, The Evils of War, Specific Wars, and The U.S. Global Empire—that had all been published on LewRockwell.com. The second edition of this work was published in January of 2008. I spoke about it at the 2008 Authors Forum of the Austrian Scholars Conference, just before I delivered the Lou Church lecture. This time the book contained seventy-nine essays—organized under the headings of Christianity and War, War and Peace, The Military, Christianity and the Military, The Iraq War, Other Wars, and The U.S. Global Empire—that had all been published on LewRockwell.com.
In 2013, because the second edition of Christianity and War had already grown in size to 432 pages and I had written so much more on the subjects it contained since its publication, I ruled out a third edition because it would end up being over 900 pages.
So, since one part of Christianity and War and much of my new material consisted of essays with a decidedly Christian theme, while the other part of the book and much of my new material was more secular in nature, it seemed best to organize the existing and new material along these themes. Thus, I organized all of the religious material into War, Christianity, and the State, published in mid-2013, and all of the secular material into War, Empire, and the Military, which was published earlier this year. War, Christianity, and... Laurence M. Vance Best Price: $4.05 Buy New $9.95 (as of 06:20 EST - Details)
War, Christianity, and the State contains 76 essays in 414 pages organized under the headings of Christianity and War, Christianity and the Military, Christianity and the Warfare State, and Christianity and Torture. (By the way, I'm against it.) War, Empire, and the Military contains 127 essays in 528 pages organized under the seven headings of War and Peace, The Military, The War in Iraq, World War II, Other Wars, The U.S. Global Empire, and U.S. Foreign Policy. Each essay is reprinted verbatim, with the exception of the correction of some typos. Every essay in the former book appeared on LewRockwell.com. With just a few exceptions, all of the essays in the latter book also appeared on LewRockwell.com. I don't suppose that either edition of Christianity and War or either one of my two new books would ever have come into existence had not Lew Rockwell published my article on Christianity and war back in 2003. I guess I should be giving him royalties from every sale of the books I make.
Although the essays in War, Empire, and the Military are organized under seven headings, they have one underlying theme: opposition to war and the warfare state. War is the greatest destroyer of religion, morality, and decency. War is the greatest creator of fertile ground for genocides and atrocities. War is the greatest destroyer of families. War is the greatest creator of famine, disease, and homelessness. War is the greatest destroyer of civil liberties. War is the greatest creator of widows and orphans. War is the health of the state. And although many of the essays in War, Empire, and the Military reference contemporary events, the principles discussed in all of them are timeless: war, militarism, empire, interventionism, and the warfare state. The essays in each chapter are simply listed in their order of publication. Each chapter as well as its individual essays can be read in any order. The only exception is the chapter on the U.S. empire, which is better read chronologically. Here I have done much original research on the extent of the U.S. empire of troops and bases that encircle the globe. The last Christianity and War a... Laurence M. Vance Best Price: $3.50 Buy New $5.00 (as of 01:00 EST - Details) time I checked, the United States had troops stationed in about 160 different countries or territories. This is 160 too many, even if there is only a small contingent of soldiers stationed in some locations. Something new in War, Empire, and the Military that is not in any of the previous books related to it is a chapter on U.S. foreign policy, which, by the way, I characterize as aggressive, reckless, belligerent, and meddling. Absent from the book are articles that explore the relation of Christianity to war, the military, and the warfare state. In fact, the book is almost devoid of any references to religion. This means that War, Empire, and the Military has appeal to a much broader audience than its companion volume War, Christianity, and the State.
I mention religion because some people have the mistaken notion that all of the things I write are religious in nature. Well, my book The War on Drugs Is a War on Freedom is certainly not a religious book, although it does contain an essay titled “Should Christians Support the War on Drugs?” (By the way, my answer to that question is “no.”) And although it is true that I write for theological journals, if you take a look at my article archives at LewRockwell.com, the Mises Institute, and the Future of Freedom Foundation you will see that in addition to articles on war, the military, the warfare state, the U.S. empire, and U.S. foreign policy, I write often about libertarianism, conservatism, the Republican Party, foreign aid, economics, politics, discrimination, the drug war, gambling, victimless crimes, Social Security, Medicare, taxation, free trade, the Constitution, the free society, government regulation, the state, the U.S. government, the federal budget, education, gun control, the welfare state, and health care. Nothing inherently religious about any of those things.
Although all of the essays in War, Empire, and the Military are available online, the reception of the book has surpassed my initial projections. It is certainly much more convenient to hold a collection of 127 articles in your hands instead of looking them all up online. The publication of the book has also led to an increase in sales of the book's companion volume, War, Christianity, and the State, as more people have discovered it who evidently The War on Drugs Is a ... Laurence M. Vance Best Price: $1.43 Buy New $5.95 (as of 06:20 EST - Details) missed its release last year.
The cover of the book contains an actual photograph of a dead German soldier that shows in graphic detail how some soldiers end up: alone in a field, dead, far from home, forgotten, food for maggots and animals. Someone sent it to me with a note that it was taken from a French postcard issued after World War II.
I confess that I write with an agenda. The longest chapter in War, Empire, and the Military is the one on the military. And for good reason. You see, you can't have a war without soldiers. This observation is lost on most conservatives and many libertarians. In fact, U.S. military personnel—who, in addition to bombing, maiming, destroying, invading, occupying, and killing for the state as they enforce an evil U.S. foreign policy, are also the policemen, firemen, bullies, busybodies, and social workers of the world—are the one group of government workers that many libertarians are willing to give a free pass. They may have nothing but contempt for TSA, DEA, CIA, EPA, FBI, and ATF goons, bureaucrats, and thugs, but not a word of condemnation for members of the military. They may denounce warmongering politicians, senseless foreign wars, the warfare state, the military-industrial complex, U.S. foreign policy, foreign military bases, and the destruction of civil liberties during wartime, but not utter a negative word about members of the military. They have been infected with the cult of the uniform, military exceptionalism, and the American national religion.
More than at any time in history, Americans show reverence to the military. Patriotism is now equated with admiration for the military. All former and current members of the military are heroes. Sporting events are merely an excuse to have a military worship service. Show up in a military uniform at a restaurant on Veterans Day and you will probably get a free meal. Military personnel often board airplanes before the rest of the passengers. There King James, His Bible,... Laurence M. Vance Best Price: $6.33 Buy New $56.00 (as of 06:20 EST - Details) are announcements in airports welcoming home military personnel and thanking them for all they do to keep us safe. How many thousands of cars are there with bumper stickers proclaiming: “my son (or daughter) is serving in the military.” Businesses announce their support for the troops on their signs. Military personnel who wear their uniforms out in public are stopped and thanked for their service. Churches hold special military appreciation days. And is there anything that military personnel don't get discounts on?
It doesn't seem to matter the reason for each war or intrusion into the affairs of another country. It doesn't seem to matter how long U.S. troops remain after the initial intervention. It doesn't seem to matter how many foreign civilians are killed or injured. It doesn't seem to matter how many billions of dollars are spent by the military. It doesn't even seem to matter what the troops are actually doing. Americans as a general rule—Democrat or Republican, liberal or conservative, religious or irreligious—believe in supporting the troops no matter what.
To question the military in any way—its size, its budget, its efficiency, its bureaucracy, its contractors, its weaponry, its mission, its effectiveness, its foreign interventions—is to question America itself. One can condemn the size of government, but never the size of the military. One can criticize federal spending, but never military spending. One can denounce government bureaucrats, but never military brass. One can depreciate the welfare state, but never the warfare state. One can expose government abuses, but never military abuses. One can label domestic policy as socialistic, but never foreign policy as imperialistic. The troops are simply off limits.
If this is how you feel, then the next time you (or your sixteen-year-old daughter) are in an airport getting felt up by a TSA goon because you refused to go through the porno scanner, just keep repeating to yourself as you grit your teeth and endure it that the goon just couldn't find another job, he is just patriotic, he is just doing it for the benefits, he is not the one that added groping to his job description, he just needed money for college, he is just following orders, and he is just doing his job.
I would like to conclude with just four words: please buy my books. They are for sale here at the Mises Institute, and I will even sign them for you. Thanks for your attention and for your attendance at this conference.
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
At the moment, the NBN's costs do not count against the budget deficit because it is meant to provide an eventual net profit to taxpayers, making it an investment rather than an expense. If the NBN is sold at too low a price and without enough profits, it will have made a loss – potentially pushing the budget billions of dollars further into deficit. PwC came to its valuation by taking the Vertigan Review's forecast earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of $4.5 billion in 2024-25 and multiplying it by six. The NBN is meant to be completed by 2020. This means that by 2025 it will have been the monopoly provider of Australia's fixed-line phone and internet services for several years. Valuation technique
But an industry source with an understanding of the NBN, who declined to be named, disputed the $27 billion valuation. They told Fairfax Media that superannuation funds and international pension funds would likely compete to buy the network, thanks to its monopoly revenues. They also noted that the valuation used by PwC was reflective of the NBN as a whole, including the rural and regional assets that were loss-generating. "The unprofitable parts like [the] satellites could remain in government hands while the other stuff with better multiples could be sold," they said. "All the cost is in the rural areas but none of the revenues are in the rural areas. "But nobody knows how this is going to play out." NBN confident
A spokesman for NBN itself said it was confident of "building an asset of great value", adding the company was focused on completing construction by 2020. New Street Research senior telecoms analyst Ian Martin, who spent two months seconded to the NBN in 2013 to help with its strategic review, said it was difficult to provide an accurate valuation for the NBN. "Making a judgment now on what the NBN is going to be worth in 2024 is pretty problematic and little more than an educated guess," he said. "Who knows what the operating environment is going to be by then, or what the migration rates are going to be from fixed-line to wireless. "It's a fair estimate at this stage but no one would put their money on it. I was thinking of the $56 billion that the [NBN] is spending, that they'd be writing about $20 billion of that off." Then communications minister Malcolm Turnbull questioned the plausibility of NBN Co's forecasts under Labor at The Australian Financial Review Infrastructure Summit in June 2015.
"Its [internal rate of return] relied on very large revenue increases and thus operating margins in the future, coupled with a hefty multiple on the project's terminal value 30 years hence," he said at the time. Under the Coalition, the NBN's internal rate of return has fallen to between 2.7 and 3.5 per cent.
PTI By
RAMPUR: A woman doctor and a staff nurse of the district hospital here have been detained after the head of a baby got separated from its body during delivery as it was allegedly pulled out of the mother's womb forcefully.
Dr Taiyaba Iqbal and staff nurse Madhuri have been detained and a case under Sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and 315 (prevent child being born alive or to cause it to die after birth) of the IPC lodged against them, police said today.
Uttar Pradesh Cabinet Minster and local MLA Mohd. Azam Khan has expressed anguish over the incident and advised the local administration to take proper action, Fashat Khan Shanoo, PRO of the minister said.
Meanwhile, taking serious note of the incident, a team of Uttarakhand Women's Welfare Association visited the district hospital and said that the woman whose baby's head got separated from its body on Sunday was not being treated with required attention.
The incident came to light on Monday after which the local people raised a furore, alleging medical negligence. A local leader had also alleged that severed parts of the body were dumped in a dustbin.
Chief Medical Officer of Health (CMOH) of Rampur Dr Shankar Lal Saraswat had said an inquiry would be launched in the matter.
Deadpool picked up two major nominations for the 2017 Golden Globe awards on Monday, including one for its star, Ryan Reynolds.
Reynolds, who donned the suit for Fox's superhero film back in February, has been nominated 37 times over the span of his career, but never for one of the big three: a Golden Globe, an Oscar or an Emmy. Deadpool, which also earned a nomination for Best Picture — Comedy or Musical, also cleaned up at the Critics Choice Awards on Dec. 11, with Reynolds taking home Best Entertainer of the Year.
Deadpool had been Reynolds' a pet project for years. He spent a lot of time trying to get Fox to finance a film. When screen test footage shot Fox executives leaked out during San Diego Comic Con in 2014, Reynolds finally got a portion of the financing he asked for. To complete the film, the actor put up some of the money himself, including paying to have his writers on set since Fox wouldn't.
Deadpool ran for 18 weeks in theaters, and during that time, earned more than $780 million worldwide. It was also one of Fox's most successful movies of the year, beating out X-Men: Apocalypse, which pulled in just under $545 million. Shortly after the film premiered Fox greenlit a sequel.
The Golden Globes also celebrate television, and two of the medium's biggest shows scored their first nominations. Westworld, one of the biggest shows of the year, earned a nomination for Best TV Series — Drama, while star Evan Rachel Wood garnered a nomination for Best Actress in a TV Series — Drama for her role as host Dolores Abernathy. Thandie Newton, who plays Maeve, also earned a nomination for Best Supporting Actress in a TV Series — Drama.
Netflix's Stranger Things also earned a nomination for Best TV Series — Drama, while USA's Mr. Robot took home two nominations for stars Rami Malek and Christian Slater. Malek was nominated for Best Actor in a TV Series — Drama while Slater got a Best Supporting Actor — Drama nod for his role as the illusive Mr. Robot.
The usual television suspects, including Game of Thrones and Veep scored top nominations, as well, including Best Series — Drama and Best Series — Comedy, respectively.
The Golden Globes will air Sunday Jan. 8 at 8:30 p.m. ET on NBC.
Donald Trump was in his element trading quips with NBC “Tonight Show” host Jimmy Fallon Thursday night, and the highlight came when the Republican presidential nominee allowed the host to do something one seldom sees: muss up his hair.
Liberals went full-throttle berserk, however.
Clip via The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
Fallon observed that at their next meeting Trump “could be the president of the United States,” and asked permission to do something non-presidential before that very real possibility.
Although the audience loved it and screamed in delight, liberal heads immediately exploded and the heads' owners vented their wrath on social media.
Sign up for our morning blast HERE
https://twitter.com/Always_Trump/status/776658975731257344
@KatyTurNBC I will never watch Jimmy Fallon again. That's how strongly I feel about humanizing a monster — Empty the Basket (@puppymnkey) September 16, 2016
When you are neutral in the presence of racism and bigotry, you are part of the problem Jimmy Fallon — R Joseph (@rjoseph7777) September 16, 2016
Jimmy Fallon is an exaggerated example of what the MSM is doing. Humanizing a monster. The most dangerous thing you could do. — Kalliope (@KAmorphous) September 16, 2016
Jimmy Fallon blew it tonight. Late night comedians used be the court jesters of culture. Humanizing a xenophobe is not okay. #FallonTonight — Ateeya Manzoor (@Ateeya) September 16, 2016
@MarkHarrisNYC for @realDonaldTrump to be able to sit down with anyone and not be made to feel ashamed of himself and his words is criminal — Caitlin Rose (@TheCaitlinRose) September 16, 2016
Others said lighten up — it's all in fun so just learn to sit back and enjoy the show.
@Ateeya Just go to your safe place & it will all be ok. Love how #Hillary is the murderer #Arkancide but #Trump is the bad guy.Wake up! — DEPLORABLE Mike (@M_RevereUSA) September 16, 2016
@MarkHarrisNYC trump was amazing. Funny. Real! And a good sport. #VoteTrump2016 — WE THE PEOPLE #maga (@caddie92) September 16, 2016
@MarkHarrisNYC Hurray for tolerance of dissenting opinions. — Jake Turx (@JakeTurx) September 16, 2016
LOL look at these Twitter trolls going after Jimmy Fallon just like they did Matt Lauer after @realDonaldTrump‘s brilliant performance — DEPLORABLE Brandon (@BrandonBast) September 16, 2016
Not a Trump fan, but I gotta say it's pretty funny watching Liberal heads explode because Jimmy Fallon dared to have him on. Good Stuff! — #NeverClinTrump (@GadsdenRattlers) September 16, 2016
“Jimmy Fallon” The one night show host who's actually funny and doesn't shove liberal propaganda down your throat. pic.twitter.com/AsfWs9tRJ8 — NexGenStriker (@NexGenStriker) September 16, 2016
William F. Buckley Jr., the late publisher and conservative icon once observed: “Liberals claim to want to give a hearing to other views, but then are shocked and offended to discover that there are other views.”
His point was proven again Thursday night.
“When you come to our runs, you can't tell who is homeless and who isn't. We all look the same in running gear.”
Running and homelessness – it might seem like they go together like toothpaste and orange juice, but our friends at Back On My Feet think they're more like peas and carrots. This national nonprofit uses running to transform the lives of homeless individuals. WellATL hit the pavement with Mandy Putnam, Director of Communications and Corporate Relations for the Atlanta chapter of Back On My Feet, for this week's Friday Five.
Give us the scoop on how Back On My Feet works.
Back On My Feet uses running to help individuals experiencing homelessness move their lives forward through running. Our goal isn't to create runners within the homeless population, it's to use running as a first step towards independent living. We have amazing volunteers that go to our partner facilities (Gateway Center, Trinity House, Salvation Army, and City of Refuge) on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays at either 5:30 or 5:45 a.m. to run one to four miles with our members.
This works for a lot of reasons. Running makes you feel good and starting your day doing something so positive sets the tone for the rest of your day. Getting up early takes discipline and that is something that shows our hiring partners that our members are serious, but more than that it's the community. We are offering a new family, community, and identity to people that need love and support.
We also work to change the perception of homelessness. When you come to our runs, you can't tell who is homeless and who isn't. We all look the same in running gear. As I've gotten to know our members, I've realized that the homeless population is diverse, and there is no one thing that leads people to that situation. People think the homeless are lazy, but our members have run marathons. That's not lazy. Most of them work or are working hard to find jobs. Not everyone who is homeless lives on the streets and asks for money.
You all are making a difference, one mile at a time. What have you accomplished so far and what's next?
As of August 31, with the help of more than 400 volunteers, we have served 268 individuals experiencing homelessness. Eighty-five have gotten jobs and 93 have moved into independent housing. Collectively, our members have run 22,286 miles. But we would love to keep growing. There are so many shelters/facilities doing incredible work, we would love to bring our program to more places. We just launched our first women's team on August 1, and we would like to serve more women, more veterans, and maybe add a youth team.
Atlanta is one chapter of the larger BOMF organization. How does our city fit into the big picture and how did this whole thing get started in the first place?
Atlanta is one of 11 Back On My Feet chapters nationwide. It's great to think that every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, there are people across the country getting up early to run at homeless shelters. It helps connect us all. Atlanta launched as the eighth chapter on 11/11/11. Nationally, Back On My Feet started because our founder, Anne Mahlum, ran past a shelter on her morning runs and developed a rapport with some of the people she saw standing outside. She thought about all the positive things that running does in her life and realized it could help them too. She talked to the shelter about starting a running program, and they laughed at her and told her that homeless people don't run. But they let her move forward, and nine people came out for that first run on July 3, 2007, in Philadelphia.
Any particular moment spring to mind that keeps you passionate about your job?
Our members keep me passionate. It's one thing for me to cite statistics and tell you that what we do is changing lives, but it's another to hear them say it. The passion they feel for this organization is amazing. Some of my favorite member quotes:
“I blossomed into a person I didn't think I could be. I have focus, an agenda, and a purpose.” —Demethris
“It's family. We express our love out there running, participating, and not giving up on each other.” —Meshac
“I regained the family that I lost, and things I could have never imagined are now open to me.” —Eugene
“When we get downstairs in that group, there's nothing but love. There's no race, no boundaries, nothing but love. In that group, we are all whole different people. Nobody's judging us – you accept me. Being accepted, we have another shot at life.” —Floyd
“Back On My Feet came into my life three years ago and it is because of the unconditional love I received that I was able to love myself. “ —Russell
I love running! What can I do to help out? But I've also got this friend (yeah, um, a friend) who hates running because… uh… it bothers her knees. Can she still be involved?
Anyone who is interested in running with us can sign up for orientation. We need all speeds and levels. We have a guy who runs a 19-minute 5K, so we need people who can keep up with him, but we also have people who are just starting and doing run/walk combos. Those who don't run can sign up for our newsletter or follow us on social media to find out when we need volunteers for events. Our next two are the Atlanta 10-Miler on October 26 and our bash on November 6. We have a cheer zone at the 10-Miler and need lots of volunteers to help us earn $5,000. The Bash is our gala/benefit dinner and our biggest fundraiser of the year. We would love for people to buy tickets or volunteer.
Keep running with Back On My Feet on Facebook and Twitter.
If you have seen the "Today" show or your local news or an NFL game in recent weeks and you are unfortunate/fortunate enough to live in (or near) a Senate battleground state, what I am about to write will probably not surprise you: Those broadcasts have been the most likely to host ads from Senate candidates and party campaign committees since Aug. 1.
Or, I should say: They probably are. It wasn't until July of this year that the Federal Communications Commission posted online reports from local TV stations about campaign advertising buys. Prior to that, you often had to go to individual stations to figure out who was spending, and on what. Local TV stations, of course, love political ads; in its 2013 "State of the Media" report, Pew Research noted that "even numbered years almost always mean higher revenue for local TV, thanks to political ads and the Olympics." It's a cash cow.
But what's available online about the ad buys is not, shall we say, terribly illuminating. (Which some cynics might think is intentional.) It's a stack of PDF files, most of which aren't text-readable, many of which include handwritten details. There's no clear directory structure (beyond the station that submitted the form), no standardized submission form, lots of confusion between "U.S. Senate" and "state senate," and no data from cable companies. The Sunlight Foundation has done yeoman's work creating a searchable index of station filings, but even then, the best you can get is a list of those PDFs. And cobbling together the big picture of spending is a bit like trying to figure out your annual budget by reviewing every individual receipt.
So here's what we did. We pulled every PDF filed on behalf of a senate candidate from Aug. 1 through last week (which includes buys into October). We ran a text-recognition tool on them, divvied them up by party, and then created a script that let us search for the names of shows. This is admittedly imprecise: Some shows may have been missed because their names were abbreviated on the forms, or because the text-recognition was flawed. Nonetheless, some clear patterns emerged.
Take daytime TV.
First, how to read the graph. The split between Democratic buys (blue), Republican (red), and independent (yellow, mostly Greg Orman in Kansas) is shown in the pie graph. The size of the pie reflect the number of mentions in filings -- which isn't necessarily a direct correlation to the number of ads that ran, we will note. The number of mentions in Democratic filings was subtracted from the number of mentions in Republican filings; the pie charts are shown in order from Republican dominance to Democratic dominance. (And we excluded anything with fewer than 60 mentions total.)
And so, Dr. Phil is the most "Republican" daytime talk show, in the sense that it had far more mentions in Republican filings than Democratic ones. The least Republican? Steve Harvey, followed by Ellen.
It's interesting to compare late night television with Sunday political and talk shows. There are far more mentions of late night shows in Democratic filings than Republican. On Sundays, that trend is reversed, strongly. And no Sunday show is mentioned more lopsidedly in Republican filings than "Fox News Sunday."
By far the most popular shows to advertise on are news programs. The words "news" pops up again and again -- over 64,000 times in the nearly 6,000 documents we scanned. Next was the "Today" show, which is a monster. As with late night shows, there's more overall mentions from Democratic buys, but there's also a slight difference in the number of Democratic filings and Republican ones. (About 51 percent of the filings were Democratic, to 45 percent Republican.)
It was the independents that seem to have been more into game shows, particularly "Family Feud." Democrats dominate in Hollywood-gossip programs.
And now the big one: dominance in primetime shows. Here, we get to a point that should already have been obvious. The difference in where people advertise is usually guided by the TV stations, which pick shows based on ratings. People advertise on football games -- far, far more popular than baseball -- because lots of people watch football games (and because people don't DVR the games, making it harder to skip the ads). It's not rocket science.
So on this chart, it's really the margins that are interesting. Republicans are far more likely to advertise on "Big Bang Theory." Democrats are far more likely to advertise on "Scandal" and, yes, "Big Brother."
We didn't chart it, but re-runs are also popular. "The Andy Griffith Show," "Seinfeld," and "Friends" were all mentioned over 100 times in the filings. Griffith was the most popular -- with Republicans.
Revisiting the caveat one more time. This is an imprecise metric, which is why we generally didn't dive into the numbers behind the graphs. But one number that is interesting: Only including the shows for which we searched, there are nearly 125,000 shows mentioned in these 6,000 documents. So if we learn nothing else from this experiment, we at least prove Pew Research's thesis.
Skip to comments.
FOX Internal Poll Numbers -- Trump Up 3% Over Hillary With White Women
Fox News Poll | 10/14/2016 | OV
Posted on by OneVike
FOX News released their Presidential poll numbers this morning, and they claim that Hillary beating Trump by 7%. However, their big news is how they have Trump losing big to women. Like the rest of the MSM, Fox is doing it's best to show how Trump hates women and they claim their poll numbers prove it.
We always hear how badly Trump is doing with women, and while they do admit that Trump is beating Hillary with men, they never tell us by how much. So I decided to look into the internal numbers of their poll to find out how much trump leads among men.
What I found astonished me.
The first flag was that they polled 45% Democrats and only 36% Republicans. As usual I expected as much. However, as I searched for their numbers on how much Trump was leading with men over Hillary I found this.
With white women Trump is defeating Hillary by 3 points.
However, nowhere in their methodology do they break down how many whites, blacks, or Hispanics they interviewed for their poll. Now If she is behind Trump with white women by 3 points, then the facts are that there are not enough minorities to give Hillary a win. That is why they are trying so hard, this late in the election, to move Trumps poll numbers down with women.
I did a screen shot of the portions of the poll internals that matter for my discussion. I offer both registered and likely voters.
For anyone wanting to look at their internal numbers and their methodology, here is the link to the poll numbers in pdf.
I leave the rest for you all to discuss.
TOPICS:
Breaking News
Front Page News
Government
Politics/Elections
KEYWORDS:
2016polls
election
hillary
poll
trump
whitevote
womensvote
I wish I could hang around for the discussion, but I am dealing with some major pain problems from a nasty fall. I broke 3 ribs and injured my left shoulder. If I didn't know better I would swear that my two dogs tried to take me out. Ok, they saw a black cat while I was walking them and I was caught off guard. I was a rag doll being pulled off my feet into a ditch full of rocks and boulders by 200 pounds of German Shepherds. Anyway, it's all I could do to investigate the poll and post it. I'll check in to read the comments.
To: OneVike
To: OneVike
Well THAT sure ‘splains a lot!
To: OneVike
Damn Yankee mandal wearing bitches We need at least a 10 point advantage ther
by 4 posted onby wardaddy (the traitorous GOPe deserves Third of May 1808 if ever a party did....)
To: Buckeye McFrog
if Trump pulls this off, the propagandistic nature of the media will be so clear...even to deniers.
To: OneVike
Fox Poll methadology & Internals
I forgot the link to the poll
To: OneVike
Synchonicity. I had the same exact thing happen to me last night, only I was trying to get them past another dog. I am home recuperating today. I am not kidding.
by 7 posted onby E. Pluribus Unum (If you are not prepared to use force to defend civilization, then be prepared to accept barbarism.)
To: OneVike
Wait, I'm missing something. Why do only white women count for polling?
by 8 posted onby Alter Kaker (Gravitation is a theory, not a fact. It should be approached with an open mind...)
To: OneVike
Thanks for the post. If I knew Tebow's phone number I would give it to you. :-) Hope you are feeling better.
To: OneVike; All
Is this the poll where Fox went from a D+2 demographic before the debate to a D+9 for after?
by 10 posted onby Yashcheritsiy (You can't have a constitution without a country to go with it)
To: OneVike
Speedy recovery to you!!
To: OneVike
Nice post! Rest up OneVike
by 12 posted onby petercooper (MiniTrump for President 2060!)
To: Yashcheritsiy
This is the one—+2 to +9 D. They are pathetic liars...geez...
Comment #14 Removed by Moderator
To: OneVike
Romney got 55 percent of white women vote That's 10 points gap And lost I'm suspect of your data source
by 15 posted onby wardaddy (the traitorous GOPe deserves Third of May 1808 if ever a party did....)
To: OneVike
Anyone regretting woman getting the right to vote? just sayin' ...
To: Yashcheritsiy
NO, it's a different one. Just released yesterday Now I need to lay back for awhile.
To: Fido969
The poll also has Obama's approval rating +16. Not hard to skew a poll when you poll a boat load of dems and minority women.
To: OneVike
We need to make a BIG DEAL about Beyoncé lyrics. Michelle brought her daughter to listen to at least one her concerts. I just read some of those lyrics....eee-yah. And I thought back to a whole lot of her poses in the half time SuperBowl show. Seems to me Beyoncé flaunts her you-know-what a whole lot. What decent mother would bring her teenage daughter to listen to that? I suspect that reading those lyrics will win over a lot of women enraged by private guy-talk.
To: OneVike
Ouch....wishing you a speedy recovery.
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
PITTSBURGH – The Indianapolis Colts entered the season with questions on the offensive line. They went into Week 1 with a rookie, a second-year player and a player waived a week prior to the season opener along the interior.
The group was solid during the first seven weeks of the season. The same couldn't be said after the Colts' 51-34 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday.
Quarterback Andrew Luck was sacked only twice, but the official stats had him being hit seven times (it seemed like more than that) by the Steelers in the defeat. Luck was hit so many times you had flashbacks to his first two seasons when you wondered how he managed to continue to get off the ground.
“We ran into a buzz saw,” Colts coach Chuck Pagano said. “They got after us about as good as you can get after anybody.”
Luck recorded his sixth straight game of at least 300 yards passing, which set a new franchise record, but the amount of times he was hit was alarming considering the offensive line had played well in recent weeks.
“We just have to watch the film and figure out what's going on,” right tackle Gosder Cherilus said.
The Slash 29's gloss and matte red paint scheme wouldn't look out of place on an exotic supercar. The Slash 29's gloss and matte red paint scheme wouldn't look out of place on an exotic supercar. A flip chip allows for two different geometry settings, but I have a feeling most riders will pick the low and slack option. A flip chip allows for two different geometry settings, but I have a feeling most riders will pick the low and slack option.
Climbing
The Fox Float X2 shock deserves a good chunk of the credit for just how smooth the Slash feels on rough and rocky trails. The Fox Float X2 shock deserves a good chunk of the credit for just how smooth the Slash feels on rough and rocky trails.
Descending
The Slash made its Enduro World Series debut under Casey Brown, who piloted it to a third place finish. The Slash made its Enduro World Series debut under Casey Brown, who piloted it to a third place finish.
More to Come
I'd been itching to take Trek's new Slash 29 out for a ride ever since the veil of secrecy surrounding it was lifted at the beginning of June. The Slash is one of those bikes that looks fast standing still, a carbon fiber beast poised and ready to pounce and devour its unsuspecting prey. On paper, the numbers are positively drool-inducing: 29” wheels, 150mm of rear travel matched with a 160mm fork, 434mm chainstays, and a slack 65-degree head angle.As luck would have it, Trek had a few Slash 29s on hand at Crankworx Whistler, and I was able to take one out for some quality time on some of the best trails in the world. 'Best in the world' isn't a phrase I toss around lightly, but when it comes to the gems that are hidden in the woods surrounding Whistler, it's entirely true.The ride started with a steep climb up the side of Blackcomb Mountain, a fire road grind that's full of loose gravel, perfectly placed to cause rear tires to spin out and riders to curse, especially under the merciless heat of the summer sun. With the Float X2 in the full open position, out of the saddle climbing is met with a fair bit of bobbing, but that's where the shock's little blue lever comes in handy. It's easy to reach, and once it's turned to the firmest position any unwanted movement is drastically reduced. There's still enough shock movement to allow the rear wheel to absorb bumps and stay planted to the ground, but the increased compression damping makes the bike feel much more efficient on the climbs.Even though the Fox 36 TALAS can be switched dropped down to 130mm of travel from 160mm, I never felt the need to reduce the amount of travel – I was perfectly comfortable spinning away with it in the fully-extended setting. There are some riders that swear by dual-position forks, but I'm not one of them – I find that the weight shift caused by the lowered front end makes climbing feel more, not less, difficult. Because the climb was mainly on a chewed up dirt road, I can't comment on the Slash's handling on tighter, more technical climbs, but once we get our hands on one for a long-term test there will be plenty of tricky ascents in its future.Once the climb was over it was time to reap the reward – a descent down the same terrain used for the recent Enduro World Series, full of steep straightlines, loose turns, and enough roots and rocks to keep it interesting – exactly the stuff the Slash 29 was designed for. As aggressive as its geometry numbers are, the Slash was surprisingly nimble in the tighter sections of trail. It's certainly the happiest plowing through anything and everything at warp speed, but it'll also whip around sharper corners without putting up a fuss. Compared to the Nukeproof Mega 290, the Slash is less demanding to ride - it doesn't require as much muscle to get through slower speed sections of trail. There's a very satisfying amount of grip in the corners, and even in the looser, dustier portions of trail I was able to push hard with minimal loss of traction.The Slash proved itself on that particular trail, but I was still curious about how it would do in a bike park setting, so I headed over to the lift to find out. It turns out the Slash is no slouch hitting jumps either, and in fact, I preferred its handling to that of the 2017 Trek Remedy I'd been riding the previous day. The slacker head angle and slightly longer wheelbase (not to mention the bigger wheels) made the Slash feel more stable, with trail manners that were more reminiscent of a downhill bike than a trail bike.Now, half a day on a bike is just starting to scratch the surface, and there are plenty of questions that will require more ride time to figure out, including how the Slash 29 handles on techy climbs and slower, less steep descents. Is this a one trick pony, suited only to the gnarliest terrain around, or is there enough depth to its handling to make it a feasible option for less aggressive riders, or those who don't have the wild trails of British Columbia in their backyards? Keep an eye out for a long term review later this year.
The revolver has largely been left behind in the world of the law enforcement duty gun, displaced by the polymer striker fired pistol. Not without reason, of course. Striker fired pistols are easier to teach to new shooters, easier to make acceptable hits with, have increased capacity, and generally cost less. This article is not to convince you that the revolver is superior to the striker fired pistol, although it does have its advantages. I hope to make the case that the old school workhorse, particularly the Ruger GP100 Match Champion with a few modern touches, remains a viable option for those who carry a firearm to protect themselves and others.
Chris has also spent some time evaluating the GP100 Match Champion since using it as one of the test guns for the Lucky Gunner ballistic gelatin tests. Here is a quick overview video with some of his thoughts followed by the rest of my review:
What Makes a Good Duty Gun?
Before delving into specifics, let's establish a standard for what makes a good duty gun. It needs to be easy to shoot, and even more importantly, it needs to be easy to not shoot. Accidentally shooting yourself or someone else is obviously unacceptable, and, while skill level under stress is key to preventing accidental or negligent discharges, hardware selection can mitigate the risk occurring.
The gun must be acceptably accurate, and while that particular nit can be picked endlessly, let's say it's like pornography and I know it when I see it. It must be rugged enough to withstand daily carry, which includes exposure to sweat, weather, and the occasional bump or scrape. It must have available support gear, such as holsters and speed loaders or magazines. It must be controllable by the individual shooter in two handed shooting, strong hand only, and weak hand only in case of fighting injured.
The GP100 Match Champion
Now that we have established a standard, let's take a look at a modern double action revolver, the Ruger GP100 Match Champion, and see how it meets those standards. I bought my Match Champion with fixed Novak style rear sights as soon as it first became available back in 2014. Since then, Ruger has released an adjustable sight model like the one Chris reviewed above. Other than the sights (and frame changes to accommodate them), the models are identical. They are 4.2-inch barreled stainless steel .357 magnum revolvers with textured Hogue wood grips, very similar to the duty revolvers of yesteryear but with some modern updates.
Historically, Ruger is generally regarded as more of a utilitarian revolver maker who makes a sturdy piece at a good price, but fit and finish may not be quite as good as some other makers. The Match Champion fits this stereotype but is more aesthetically pleasing than the standard GP100s and the Security-Six-series the GPs replaced back in the late 1980s.
First, the lawyer/lawsuit rollmark has been moved to a simple “read instruction manual” engraved on the bottom side of the barrel's underlug. The barrel is slab-sided with “Match Champion” on one side and “Ruger GP100” on the other.
The factory wood Hogue grips are functional, but the fit is a bit sloppy. They leave an unsightly gap at the back of the frame and do not mate well to the rear of the trigger guard. Cosmetics aside, they do fill your hand nicely and the palm swells and stippling help maintain grip and control recoil. However, the Match Champion grip does change the natural presentation angle a bit versus the standard GP100 grips, so if you've got a lot of reps in you may need to burn in new muscle memory to avoid pointing low on presentation.
It is a simple matter to change the grips if you don't like the factory ones. One advantage of the revolver is you do not need to leave room for a magazine in the middle of your fist, giving you greater flexibility in terms of size and angle. Ruger's compact grip reduces the height by roughly .6 inches, changes the presentation angle to be the same as the standard GP100, and still leaves room for me to get all of my fingers on the grip. I wear an “L” or “XL” glove, for reference. The compacts come with rosewood inserts, but any SP101 insert will fit. Altamont (the OEM provider for Ruger since Lett closed its doors) offers multiple styles of replacements from snakeskin to scrimshaw.
Ruger's website states they shim the hammer to center it, but mine is certainly not centered. It is noticeably left of center and does drag the frame, which is evident from visible wear on the side of the hammer.
The front sight gathers enough light to use in most lighting conditions, despite the shielding partially covering fiber optic rod (more on that below). I have found it easy to shoot in both daylight and indoors. For the fixed rear sight version of the Match Champion, there is no method to adjust elevation other than adjusting sight picture. Given the wide range of .38 and .357 loads and the effect of the individual's grip, no fixed sight is going to match up to all ammunition choices.
Even at just seven yards, there was a noticeable difference in point of impact between firing factory PMC Bronze 158 jacketed softpoint and my own hand loaded ammo. That said, even with the reasonably stout PMC ammo and compact grips, using a 1 second metronome, I was able to shoot reasonable groups at 15 yards.
Ruger GP100 Match Champion Technical Specs caliber .357 Magnum capacity 6 weight 38 ounces barrel length 4.2 inches sights fiber optic front, adjustable or fixed Novak rear action double action MSRP $969
All of my shooting at the range has been done double action, which is how a fighting revolver should be fired (Chris has more on that topic in this article). I do still like a hammer on a full sized revolver for a few reasons, though. The hammer spur allows me hold the hammer down as I reholster, which lets me feel if it starts to move due to some obstruction pushing the trigger. Old timers “roll check” a revolver after loading, essentially cocking and gently lowering the hammer to rotate the cylinder and verify that it spins freely. Debris under the extractor star or a high primer can cause drag on the cylinder, either locking the gun up or significantly increasing trigger pull.
Speaking of trigger pull, the Match Champion is the nicest out of the box Ruger I've come across. Describing a trigger is something like describing a glass of wine, lots of terms that may or may not be understood by the target audience, so I'll just say it's nice and smooth. Particularly now with regular dry fire and some 2500 rounds through it, it's quite smooth and breaks predictably with no significant stacking.
The Match Champion is a capable fighting weapon, and it's one with soul. It seems a shame to shove such a fine piece of machinery into an industrial chunk of plastic shaped into a holster. Revolvers demand leather, preferably custom and gorgeous. I reached out to a friend of mine, Red Nichols, and asked if he had any input. Lucky for me, Red was just about to expand his line of top quality holsters into the world of revolvers. I got one of the first ones hot off the saddle stitcher: an Avenger style holster with emu leg accents, and it works as good as it looks.
Does It Meet The Standard?
So how does this wheel gun match up to our standards for a duty gun?
Is it easy to shoot? The double action revolver does take more effort to master due to the heavier and longer trigger pull but is readily accomplished by someone willing to put in some time and effort.
Is it easy to not shoot? From my own record keeping of unintentional discharges resulting in injury or death investigated by my office, roughly 1/3 are due to improper clearing of the firearm. The magazine is removed but there is still a round in the chamber, and then the trigger is pressed. Revolvers are significantly less complicated to clear and do not “hide” a cartridge when the majority are removed. They also require a longer trigger pull, reducing the likelihood of an unintentional discharge from a sub-conscious “trigger check” or a partially obstructed holster.
Is it accurate? Off hand, I can shoot sub 2-inch groups at 10 yards. We'll call that adequate for a duty weapon.
Is it rugged? It's tough to beat the durability of a big chunk of stainless steel, which is essentially what the Match Champion is. Even Achilles had that heel thing going, though, so tough guys do have weak spots. Arguably, the sights would be the weak spot for the Match Champion. Fiber optic sights are not known for their ruggedness. Ruger has mitigated this by shielding the fiber optic rod to protect it from damage.
The fixed rear sight seems to be pretty tough, but it is drift-adjustable, and a hard hit could potentially push it out of alignment. It's relatively secure, but not quite as immune to unintentional movement as the old integral rear sights.
Is there adequate support gear? The Match Champion fits standard GP100 holsters, so there are plenty of options there. The dovetails are Novak's cuts, so sight options exist if you don't find the factory rear sights to your liking. As previously mentioned, there are many aftermarket grips that fit the GP100, and compatible speedloaders are abundant as well.
Is it controllable? While this depends as much on the shooter as the gun, there is a wide variety of ammunition available, from .38 Special wadcutters to full house magnums. Most everyone should find something they can shoot well.
Do Reload Speed and Capacity Really Matter?
Now, I can already see the incoming comments about capacity and speed of reloading. I concede these are the revolver's weak points. However, even in the realm of law enforcement shootings where distances are longer, the shooter is more likely to be fighting back from ambush, and attackers are more likely to have cover. Reloading speed very seldom makes the difference. Let's take a look at an excerpt from an NYPD analysis of over 6000 officer-involved shootings during the 1970s.
“The average number of shots fired by individual officers in an armed confrontation was between two and three rounds. The two to three rounds per incident remained constant over the years covered by the report. It also substantiates an earlier study by the L.A.P.D. (1967) which found that 2.6 rounds per encounter were discharged. The necessity for rapid reloading to prevent death or serious injury was not a factor in any of the cases examined. In close range encounters, under 15 feet, it was never reported as necessary to continue the action. In 6% of the total cases, the officer reported reloading. These involved cases of pursuit, barricaded persons, and other incidents where the action was prolonged and the distance exceeded the 25-foot death zone.”
Even in modern times, the 2013 NYPD Firearm Discharge Report shows less than 14% of shootings against human adversaries involved more than five shots fired per officer. This number should even be viewed with some suspicion as the total rounds reported fired is not the same as total rounds required to end the conflict. It takes time to decide to stop shooting, just as it does to start shooting. In my own records of local non-LE shootings against unknown assailants (i.e., not domestics or other targeted attacks), five or fewer rounds have resolved 100% of those situations one way or the other. Those who lost were killed or disabled prior to emptying their guns, meaning extra capacity would have been irrelevant as they simply ran out of time before they ran out of ammunition.
When police departments made the switch to semi-autos over revolvers, what they typically saw were round counts increasing slightly and hit rates decreasing slightly. Miami-Dade's 1986-1994 study showed 35% hit with a revolver, 25% with a semi-auto, despite the mean number of rounds fired being 0.7 higher with the semi-auto. There are a number of hypotheses as to why this was the case, from the psychological need to value each shot more highly because of limited capacity to the inherent accuracy of fixed barrel revolvers. Personally, I believe the reason is that the revolver's trigger makes you slow down a bit more. Anyone who has investigated shootings will tell you that the shooters who fire more than one shot tend to run the gun like a sewing machine, their cyclical rate going through the roof under stress. They fail to let the sights settle before pulling the trigger again. This is why certain semi-auto pistols attempt to replicate the revolver's longer and heavier pull, such as Sig's DAK and H&K's LEM trigger systems. They are trying to slow you down and actually shoot more accurately.
There are exceptions, of course, where capacity and reloading speed may have made a difference in outcome, but those instances are so rare and unlikely that I feel quite comfortable relying on a safer revolver I can shoot accurately despite less capacity. Making those rounds count when it matters is key.
So, to return to the original question of whether the GP100 Match Champion would be a viable duty weapon — for me, as a plain clothes detective, the answer is yes. The minor cosmetic imperfections do not hamper its capability in the slightest, and with a concealable OWB holster and compact grips, it conceals easily under a suit jacket. I would give serious consideration to changing the sights to include an adjustable rear and tritium front, though. The revolver, and the Match Champion in particular, still remains a capable fighting gun in the right hands.
More from Lucky Gunner Lounge Handgun Scoreboard
CLOSE Columnist Kim Komando guides readers to making sure intruders aren't clogging their bandwidth. Kim Komando, Special for USA Today
Buy Photo Ask Laura is an artificial intelligence virtual information officer who answers the city's website visitors' purchasing questions. (Photo: María Cortés González/El Paso Times)Buy Photo
When it comes to free Wi-Fi accessibility — from buses and city buildings to libraries and recreation centers — El Paso is among the top 10.
According to the Center for Digital Government, El Paso was No. 10 in a list of U.S. cities with populations over 500,000 that use technology to improve resident services, enhance transparency and encourage engagement.
The cities of Los Angeles, Albuquerque and San Diego respectively came in first, second and third.
More: El Paso ranked as having 12th-best drivers in US
"Thanks to the efforts of these innovative cities, citizens can now meaningfully interact with city government more easily than in any other time in history," said Teri Takai, executive director of the Center for Digital Government on its Website article.
El Paso made the cut because of its variety of engagement and mobile-first strategies, according to officials.
“El Paso has a mobile-strong strategy and has worked on new content management to ensure that the city websites are available for citizens and staff,” said Enrique Martinez, director of the city's Department of Information Technology Services.
More: El Paso among 2017's Best Places to Live
The city also was recognized for upgrading all city websites to a new content management system, having an online agenda management system, which streamlines creation of City Council agendas, and having City TV, an award-winning municipal TV station with livestream capabilities and programming available on YouTube.
The city also has "Ask Laura," an artificial intelligence virtual information officer who can answer website visitors' purchasing questions and a pay-by-cellphone app for remote payment of parking meters.
María Cortés González may be reached at 546-6150; mcortes@elpasotimes.com; @EPTMaria on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://www.elpasotimes.com/story/news/local/el-paso/2017/11/10/center-ranks-el-paso-10th-cities-using-technology-aid-engage-residents/852285001/
Manu Ma'u has taken another step closer to making his debut for the Kiwis.
Five uncapped players are among the first group named to the NZ Kiwis train-on squad for the upcoming tour of England.
Tuimoala Lolohea, Solomone Kata from the Warriors, the Eels' Manu Ma'u and Tim Simona and Manaia Cherrington from the Tigers have all made the wider training squad.
There were 14 players announced on Tuesday for the three-test tour to England. Those named come from NRL teams that didn't finish in the top eight.
In all, there will be about 40 players in a wider squad which will be trimmed down to 23 players soon after the NRL Grand Final, which is on October 4.
As well as the five uncapped players, Warriors second-rower Bodene Thompson has also been selected. Thompson was part of the Kiwis team for last year's Four Nations, coming in as a late replacement for Sam Moa, but didn't take the field.
Lolohea has shown during the season that he's a player with a huge upside. The two tries he scored playing for the Warriors in their loss to the Bulldogs last week were of the highest quality and his selection could mean that Benji Marshall misses out.
Kata completed the remarkable feat this year of playing in every game for the Warriors in his debut season.
He's a strong ball-runner and was his club's leading try-scorer in 2015, with 12. Defensively he was shown up at times but, like Lolohea, he is a player for the future.
Ma'u is a player who has been knocking on the door of the Kiwis for a couple of years.
The Eels second rower, who played a test for Tonga earlier this year, missed just two games for his club this season and is the sort of fast, powerful forward who Kearney likes to select.
Like Ma'u, centre Simona has been on the fringes of selection for some time, while 21-year-old Cherrington is still making a name for himself in the NRL.
He played 11 games for the Tigers this season off the interchange bench and he'll likely be Issac Luke's back-up at dummy half.
Train-on camps will begin on September 23 in Auckland and Sydney.
Kiwis wider training group: Lewis Brown (Penrith Panthers), Manaia Cherrington (Wests Tigers), Kieran Foran (Manly Sea Eagles), Peta Hiku (Manly Sea Eagles), Solomone Kata (Warriors), Tuimoala Lolohea (Warriors), Simon Mannering (Warriors), Ben Matulino (Warriors), Manu Ma'u (Parramatta Eels), Sam McKendry (Penrith Panthers), Tim Simona (Wests Tigers), Martin Taupau (Wests Tigers), Bodene Thompson (Warriors), Dean Whare (Penrith Panthers)
Looking for cheap watches on the internet? Better think twice before making that purchase. In this in-depth feature from the WatchTime archives, we explore how sales of these counterfeit watches are hurting both collectors and the watch industry.
For some watch collectors, the temptation is just too much. “I have seen quite respectable watch collectors with nice collections who couldn't get their hands on that one limited-edition piece that they wanted,” says Beatrice de Quervain, a veteran U.S. watch executive and most recently head of Hublot North America. “They always buy from their authorized dealer, but then, just for that one piece, they broke down and went to an unauthorized source on the Internet. And sure enough, they got burned. They paid $20,000, $25,000.” What they got, de Quervain says, was a counterfeit.
A counterfeit Rolex watch seized by German customs officials in 2012
De Quervain's comments came at a recent meeting of the American Watch Association to discuss the problem of counterfeit watches. AWA invited WatchTime to sit in on the meeting.
The message from the assembled watch company executives and their legal counsels is that, more than ever, watch collectors must be aware – and beware – of the dangers of buying brand-name luxury watches through unauthorized dealers, particularly retail watch sites on the Internet.
That's because of a recent spike in production of so-called “superfakes,” counterfeit reproductions of popular name-brand models, made primarily in China, that bear a remarkable resemblance to the real thing. “Twenty years ago the fakes were really fake,” says Michael Benavente, managing director of Gucci Watches & Jewelry North America. “You looked at it really quick and you could see it was trash.”
Fake watches confiscated by Switzerland's customs authority in 2008
Not anymore. These days, watch executives swap stories about counterfeit watches that are such spitting images of the real McCoys that the brands themselves have trouble spotting them. It's not just the imitation of what the industry calls “the appearance parts” (case, dial, bracelet, etc.); it's also the quality of the mechanical movements inside. Michel Arnoux, head of the anti-counterfeiting unit of the Federation of the Swiss Watch Industry (FH), cites a counterfeit Hublot Big Bang tourbillon watch seized by Swiss customs officials. Everything about the watch seemed like a real Hublot, down to the vanilla-scented rubber strap. Only on closer inspection did he find tell-tale signs of a fake: a piece of plastic in the case where carbon should be, a crystal that should have been nonreflective, but wasn't. But what was most striking was the movement. “That was one of the first times I've held in my hand a fake tourbillon watch, a real high-precision mechanism,” Arnoux told Swiss Broadcasting Corp.'s swissinfo.ch news agency. “The counterfeiters have now mastered ultra-complex movements.”
Almost every luxury Swiss watch brand is dealing with the superfake phenomenon, says AWA's chairman, Jon Omer, former head of DeWitt America LLC. “We are now faced with a new onslaught, which is getting bigger. We're talking about pieces being sold in excess of $50,000 and $100,000 that are counterfeit watches. Everyone has to contend with it.” Including watch collectors, Omer says. AWA claims that the only protection a consumer has is to buy from an authorized dealer. (Counterfeit watches should not be confused with so-called “gray-market” watches. Unlike counterfeits, gray-market watches are produced by a brand, but sold outside the brand's authorized retail network. As with counterfeits, AWA opposes the importation and sale of gray-market goods in the United States.)
AWA and its 30-plus member watch companies have been contending with counterfeiters for decades. The watch companies act independently to protect their trademarks and branded products. Some of them spend fortunes annually in a multi-front battle, working with U.S. Customs and federal, state, and local law-enforcement agencies, and even their own private investigators, to fight criminals who steal their intellectual property (IP).
A counterfeit Patek Philippe watch seized by U.S. Customs
Washington-based AWA works on the legislative and regulatory front. AWA is not a traditional trade association that offers a wide array of member services. Its mission is very specific: to be the voice of its members in Washington, ensuring that the watch industry has input into legislation affecting it on a host of issues ranging from tariffs to regulations on alligator and reptile watch bands to mercury levels in button-cell watch batteries. The association's legal counsel is the prominent Washington, D.C., law firm Covington & Burling.
In the counterfeit fight, AWA has played an important role. “The association was the prime catalyst in moving the 1984 Trademark Anti-counterfeiting Act through the U.S. House of Representatives and on to final enactment,” says Executive Director Emilio “Toby” Collado. That act made counterfeiting a felony for the first time. A decade later, AWA led the way in drafting and lobbying for stronger weapons against counterfeiters. “We organized the multi-industry coalition that won enactment of the 1996 act which toughened penalties and gave trademark owners stronger search and seizure rights.”
These days AWA is working to pass the so-called “Rogue Websites Bill” (the Protect IP Act of 2011) which would help to shut down Internet sites that sell counterfeit watches. That battle is ongoing, Collado says, in the face of stiff opposition from the Internet industry. “In addition, we are working with others to increase punishments for repeat intellectual property offenders and for IP crimes involving gangs and organized criminal enterprises.”
SNP hegemony threatens to send Scotland down the road to mediocrity, writes Brian Wilson
I am not in the habit of quoting my past wisdom but, since this is my valedictory Scotsman column, I may be permitted that indulgence. Back in 1978, when the first devolution referendum was being contested, I made two predictions which have now been fulfilled in equal measure.
Writing from the geographic periphery, my first was that creating an Edinburgh legislature would lead to centralisation of powers and decision-making which already resided within Scotland. That has duly happened through the neutering of local government, the creation of myriad all-Scotland quangos under ministerial control and the systematic enfeeblement of dissenting outposts.
My second forecast was that a devolved Scotland would soon be run by the SNP – an unwelcome sentiment since the official Labour wisdom was that devolution would be their death-knell. That was a curious assumption, not least because precedent from elsewhere suggested that many who would not vote for independence are prepared to support separatist parties in the meantime.
There is an obvious reason for this. They alone have the threat of secession in their armoury, which in some eyes makes them best-placed to extract the maximum from the centre. And who can disprove this? I believe that Scotland would be a better place if the SNP was not running Holyrood. But I cannot dispute that their constant agenda of grievance and betrayal concentrates the minds of those who seek to appease it.
Whether that is the way one wants one's nation to be presented is another question. I don't. I detest the reduction of Scottish politics to an ongoing exercise in blame-shifting as cover for self-inflicted timidity and serious under-achievment. But clearly, there is a market for wrapping all of that up in a flag and calling it progress. Eventually it will be seen through but it may take a while.
Since 1997, Scottish Labour might have done better through a more acute awareness of having constructed – with the best of motives – its own potential scaffold, leading to a greater sense of purpose in avoiding the associated fate. Labour has never been good at reminding people of its own considerable achievements, leaving others to re-write history, at which Nationalism is famously adept.
Until far too late, Labour failed to make the coherent case for inter-dependence which, ultimately, a comfortable majority of the Scottish people endorsed in the 2014 referendum. By then, however, the dividing lines in Scottish politics had been crucially redrawn. The new orthodoxy, as expressed on the front of the SNP manifesto, is that “everyone wins” under Nationalist rule. It is a cruel hoax if, in the short term, a saleable one.
Let me quote you an example. I went back to my former constituency last weekend to give the Labour candidate a hand. Saltcoats used to have a thriving town centre where, at election times, political campaigning was focused. What I found was closer to dereliction. The place was poorer. The shops were poorer. The people were poorer. I suspect health and educational indicators will be poorer too.
That is what a decade of council tax freezes and disproportionate cuts to local services leads to. Throw in a poverty of ideas about stimulating investment and employment, far less a strategy for reviving town centres, and you have a spiral of decline. The same picture could be painted in many parts of Scotland. Everyone is most certainly not winning and the trick has been to con many of the poor into voting for their own further impoverishment, plus a flag.
Next to us in Saltcoats were a particluarly motley band of local Nationalists, with one individual shouting insults and alleging that his opponents were the possessors of English accents. This specimen turned out to be an office-bearer of the local SNP who, a few days later, was forced to resign for publishing warped, sexist comments about the Labour candidate. O Flower of Scotland, when will we see your likes again…?
In broadcasting studios and cultural salons, the fable is that we are living through some energised form of political engagement with a thousand flowers blooming. In most of Scotland, any of that is difficult to discern. We are not all winners. Higher earners prosper while the poor, and their communities, are poorer. When an antidote is proposed, asking the best-off to pay a bit more, the faux-radicalism of Nationalism is replaced by the hard face of home-bred austerity.
Writing in the Scottish Review this week, Kenneth Roy took issue with the “abuse of language” in which the Nationalist manifesto is couched. There were cloying presumptions like “All of us who live here in Scotland love our country”, not to mention “We all have a positive and vibrant vision of what Scotland can become”. Orwell, he recalled, thought such meaningless language in political manifestoes “had an anaesthetic effect” and “could corrupt thought”.
“The First Minister,” wrote Roy, “confuses the people in her immediate circle – the anoraks, the zealots, the deranged – with the apathetic majority who have never known what it means to be as positive and vibrant as Nicola Sturgeon”. For the time being, around a quarter of the Scottish electorate (since half won't vote) have been persuaded to join in the ordained mood. But many of them, over the next four years, will look around and wonder: “What has changed?”
Since I had assumed the SNP would control Holyrood, if not quite as soon as they did, I was not roused to action when it happened. It was an irritation rather than an intrusion into daily life. I was happy to be out of politics or remotely close to the front line of debate. But things got serious when they began planning a referendum and I responded to the call by starting to write this column. If it played any part in the outcome, that is more than enough reward. After more than 200 weeks, it's time to give it a rest.
Scotland desperately needs a strong, critical media and a fearless, competent opposition. We are not a one-party nation in which all are winners and that needs to be pointed out. The biggest danger Scotland now faces is not the mythical motorway to independence but a slow road to mediocrity.
How might we define beauty in a future of cyborgs and the genetically enhanced?
Today we live in a world that has been radically transformed by the hands of advanced science and technology. Depending on which sci-fi literature you might've read, one could accurately portray today's reality as a sci-fi future. A future where everyone is interconnected using tiny computational devices which fit in their pockets, biological limbs being replaced by advanced bionic prosthetics, and disease being combated using gene-editing tools.
Today's human is so radically different from those only 20 years ago that even The Brookings Institution, a nonprofit public policy organization based in Washington, DC, has come to refer to us as “baby cyborgs.” Which is certainly an accurate portrayal of where we stand today — in a time of what I consider to be prepubescent transhumanism.
We are taking our very first steps in a very long journey. It resonates quite well with what the American philosopher and inventor Buckminster Fuller once said:
“I live on Earth at present, and I don't know what I am. I know that I am not a category. I am not a thing — a noun. I seem to be a verb, an evolutionary process — an integral function of the universe.”
And as an evolutionary process, how might humanity change as the years continue to go by? As a species who increasingly imbue an innate desire to enhance their physical attributes, how might we then define our sense of beauty in this future of cyborgs and the genetically modified?
Take Rebekah Marine as an example. She is what is known as a Bionic Model — a model who has radically transformed the beauty industry and has challenged the standards of beauty of which society has defined it.
As the human biological substrate continues to change by the hands of advanced science and technology, so too will our perception of beauty. Certainly how we define beauty will forever remain a subjective perception, but our objective transformations of the human body will subsequently alter those perceptions in themselves. An entire assortment of options for the human body to appear will emerge, providing new standards of which we'll define beauty among individuals.
Before we ever created makeup, how we defined someone as being beautiful was limited by one's phenotypical attributes alone. After makeup was created, however, newer options became available to us. The same is to be said of plastic surgery. While originally a slave to the biological human condition, we've now taken it upon ourselves in deciding how we physically appear to other people. And with the development of advanced prosthetic limbs, we're now only further enhancing our proclivity to augment the human biological substrate.
“Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.”
Yes, beauty shall remain in the eye of the beholder, as the old adage goes, but then what if the eye of the beholder is bionic in itself? How might we then perceive beauty? If the human eye has been replaced by an artificial bionic system, how might we perceive the world in its entirety?
Remember, humans are incredibly limited in their biological capacity to see. This limitation is due to a limiting quantity of photoreceptors, rods, and cones in a single human eye. In comparison to other animals, the human eye is barely touching the surface in perceiving reality for what it truly is.
Take the Mantis Shrimp as an example. While we humans contain a puny number of 3 color receptor types, the Mantis Shrimp has a whopping 12 types of color receptors, including the ability to see ultraviolet, infrared, and polarized light. How they see the world is beyond comprehensible.
Can you imagine how radically different the world would be if we humans contained similar eyesight? Our current standards of beauty would be nothing in comparison to this radical transformation. If humans were to acquire bionic eyes which enhanced their eyesight to see the world as the Mantis Shrimp does, would we perceive the beautiful as being even more so? Perhaps our enhanced eyesight would have the opposite effect: seeing the originally beautiful as being less so and those we originally deemed ugly as the contrary.
It's hard to tell right now, considering that bionic eye replacements are still in their prepubescent stage. But if the recent enhancements of beauty using advanced bionic limbs tells us anything, it's that our standards of beauty will continue to change and evolve alongside our own techno-evolutionary transformation. Even so, our perception of beauty will be, and forever shall be, in the eye of the beholder — bionic or otherwise.
By John "Ski" Sygielski
In its effort to balance the federal budget, Congress is considering an action that will hurt the country in the long run — devastating cuts to Pell Grants. These grants have long been key in making a college education affordable for working class college students and their parents. Right now, when they are struggling to make ends meet, much less afford a college education, is this really the answer to help balance the federal budget?
House Republicans recently introduced and ultimately succeeded in passing H.R. 1, which cuts spending on Pell Grants. These grants provide financial aid to students who need assistance the most. The proposal is geared to save the government $100 billion through 10 years, offsetting the costs of maintaining Pell Grants for 9 million students, according to the federal government. But at what cost to the higher education of those who need the money most?
If the Senate passes H.R. 1, it will succeed in slashing the U.S. Department of Education's $63.7 billion 2010 fiscal year budget by $4.9 billion. Roughly 15 percent will be cut from the college-aid program. This means that the current per-student maximum for Pell Grants would drop $845, from $5,550 to $4,705, the largest amount ever for this program.
At the same time, the need for a college education has never been greater. Most jobs being created will require at least an associate degree. What's more, the nation has seen its standing as a world leader in education begin to slip. Locking working class students out of college by making it unaffordable risks creating a permanent underclass and further eroding America's standing in the world.
Currently, the maximum Pell Grant award allows students from HACC, Central Pennsylvania's Community College, to take a full course load each semester — a minimum of 12 credit hours — even if they are not from one of the sponsoring school districts. In addition, at its current level the grant often provides sufficient money to also cover textbooks — a significant expense for college students.
Lowering the Pell Grant award by almost $1,000 will cost non-sponsored HACC students three full credits dropping them to part-time status. Even students from sponsoring districts will feel the pinch and might have to cut back on their course load. The impact on the 9,000 out of 23,000 HACC students who receive Pell Grants could be devastating. And, in recent years, many of those in need of the grant are displaced workers returning to HACC seeking to update their skills.
Outside of the ranks of community college students, the news is even worse. According to collegeloanconsultant.com, college tuition rates also have gone up much more than Pell Grant awards. With the rising cost of higher education, the last thing we need is a decrease in financial aid.
The average 2010-11 tuition increase was 4.5 percent at private colleges and 7.9 percent at public universities, according to The College Board. These figures are substantially higher than the general inflation rate and the average increase in personal incomes. The substantial growth in Pell Grant recipients just during the last year is proof that any cuts would have far-reaching consequences.
By reducing the number of U.S. college graduates and increasing the debt of those who do manage to complete their higher education without Pell Grant assistance, the government is providing a great disservice to the potential of this country and its economic stability.
In fact, the proposed savings could be more costly to our country and central Pennsylvania in the long run.
John “Ski” Sygielski is president-designee of HACC, Central Pennsylvania's Community College, and chairman of the American Association of Community Colleges Board.
ELDORET, Kenya (Reuters) - A gunman and a police officer were killed in an attack on the home of Kenya's deputy president in the western town of Eldoret, a senior administrator said on Sunday, just over a week before a national election.
A view shows the home of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto in Sugoi village near Eldoret, Kenya, in this photo taken August 4, 2010. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya
Deputy President William Ruto and his family were not at home at the time of the Saturday attack, police said. Ruto is the running mate of President Uhuru Kenyatta, who is seeking a second and final term in office in the Aug. 8 election.
“From the exchange of fire we thought it was more than one attacker, because he used different firearms, but after we subdued him, we found only one man dead, plus our officer who he had killed,” Wanyama Musiambo, Rift Valley regional coordinator, told reporters at the scene on Sunday.
Musiambo declined to comment when asked about the motive of the attack, or the attacker's identity. The deputy president's residence is guarded by an elite paramilitary police unit.
Musiambo said the attacker initially had no gun but managed to break into the police armoury once inside the compound.
“After the operation we discovered that it was one gunman, but because he was inside there, he could change position and firearms because he had access to the guns. And the guns he was using were ours,” he said.
“We have however launched investigations into the issue, to find out if he conducted the attack alone or he was with others who may have escaped.”
Ruto and Kenyatta spent Saturday campaigning in the counties of Kitale, Kericho and Narok, the president's office said in a statement.
“Condolences to the family of the gallant soldier Joseph Makembo, who died in line of duty and quick recovery to Allan Rotich,” Ruto said on Twitter, referring to the guards at his residence.
Late on Saturday, police had initially said the attacker was armed with a machete and had injured one police officer before holing himself up in an outbuilding.
A Reuters reporter near Ruto's compound said he saw several police vehicles going in and out of the compound, as well as one armored vehicle in the compound.
Sanders is fighting the oldest continuing policy tradition in the Democratic Party.
In the brouhaha over Bernie Sanders's remarks about various aspects of Hillary Clinton's record that indicate she is “not qualified” to be president, an important landmark was reached that could well survive the eventual walk-back of his rhetorical brinkmanship. It's this:
“I don't think you are qualified if you have supported virtually every disastrous trade agreement which has cost us millions of decent paying jobs,” he said to applause. “I don't think you are qualified if you've supported the Panama free trade agreement, something I very strongly opposed and, which as all of you know, has allowed corporations and wealthy all over the world people to avoid paying their taxes to their countries.”
Most obviously, this anathema would apply not only to Hillary Clinton but to the 42d and 44th presidents of the United States, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama. But, as a matter of fact, Sanders is seeking to become the first Democratic president since Martin Van Buren (often credited as the founder of the Democratic Party) to flatly oppose trade liberalization.
"Free trade," which was famously popular in the agrarian South, was an important part of the glue that held together the Democratic Party before and after the Civil War. But it persisted as the default drive position of Democrats through the first half of the 20th century and arguably well beyond that. The most consistent policy view held by the great populist William Jennings Bryan throughout his long career was one in favor of free trade. Another icon of today's ideological left, Franklin D. Roosevelt, was such a free-trader that he insisted on unilateral tariff concessions to European countries after World War II to help rebuild their economies.
John F. Kennedy launched a “round” of multilateral trade negotiations that eventually bore his name. Jimmy Carter pushed another round.
Now, it's true that the previously near-unanimous Democratic support for trade liberalization began to fray as the 20th century grew old. The labor movement split on the subject in the early 1960s and began moving rapidly in the other direction in the 1970s. The unsuccessful Burke-Hartke legislation promoted by labor during the Nixon administration showed the way the wind was blowing: It would have created a comprehensive system for regulating and taxing both imports and overseas investment, on the principle that American workers should never have to compete with lower-wage countries. By the 1990s, a majority of House Democrats opposed Bill Clinton on both NAFTA and the rules governing a new round of multilateral trade negotiations; congressional Democrats also denied Clinton "fast-track" trade negotiating authority. By the time Al Gore ran to become Clinton's successor, the man who had defended NAFTA in a debate with Ross Perot was emphasizing he would only support future trade agreements if they included strong core labor and environmental standards.
But, still, the tradition held: No one fundamentally rejecting trade liberalization and globalization as a good thing won a Democratic presidential nomination or the presidency. The only conspicuously anti-trade-deal pol who ran a viable presidential campaign was Dick Gephardt in 1988 and (briefly) 2004. During the 2008 primaries Barack Obama made some noises about renegotiating NAFTA, even as his chief economic adviser got caught reassuring Canadians he was just playing to the galleries.
So Bernie Sanders is fighting an awful lot of history, ancient as it may be. And it's notable he's not just bucking the oldest continuing policy tradition of the party he is seeking to take over; he's arguing that a contrary position is a disqualifying betrayal of the people Democrats should be representing. And his position brooks no compromise: He's proudly opposed and says he will continue to oppose any and all trade liberalization agreements that might be offered. He clearly embraces the old Burke-Hartke argument that global competition and, with it, the entire theory of comparative advantage are responsible for much of this country's economic problems.
It's fascinating that millennials, who represent Sanders's most enthusiastic group of supporters, are, according to most public-opinion surveys, more positive about trade liberalization and globalization than previous generations. Bernie may need to do some missionary work in his own camp on the subject. But for now he's simply angering certain living former Democratic presidents, and stirring up more than a few ghosts as well.
KVUE — Beginning Sunday and continuing through the end of July, lanes along MoPac will be closed from Lady Bird Lake to Parmer Lane for 15-minute intervals between 9 p.m. and 5 a.m.
Next week, be prepared to see low altitude helicopters surveying the highway during the day, and starting May 28, loud drilling rigs collecting soil samples are expected to disturb nearby neighbors well into the night.
According to Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority, “nighttime noise will be an ongoing issue for the duration of the project, as much of the work will occur at night.”
"It will be an unpleasant couple of years as we build these improvements. There is a pay off in the end,” said Steve Pustelnyk with Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority.
Construction of a new toll lane in each direction along the 11-mile stretch of MoPac is expected to be finished by late 2015.
There will not be lane closures during holidays or special events.
Click here for more information.
---
Read the full story on KVUE.com.
Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters said Tuesday that “nobody believes” her promise to “take Trump out” was a call to harm the president.
WATCH:
Earlier in October, Waters told the crowd at a a gala for the Ali Forney Center that she was going to “take Trump out tonight.” (VIDEO: Maxine Waters Jokes That She Wants To ‘Take Trump Out')
CNN's Chris Cuomo asked her during a Tuesday morning interview if the comments were encouraging violence against President Trump, and Waters cited her position as a black elderly woman to defend herself.
“That's absolutely ridiculous,” she said. “Nobody believes that a 79 year old grandmother who is a congresswoman…was talking about doing any harm. The only harm that I may be doing to the president is I want him impeached.”
“Everybody knows I am on the front lines–not talking about causing harm to anybody–but I am talking about impeachment and I'm not going to stop,” she continued.
Cuomo bought Waters' denial of threatening the president, but asked her if she would consider using more respectful rhetoric in the future. Waters claimed that she has always been “responsible” and blamed the “white nationalists” for attacking her because she is a black woman.
“I know that the right-wing, the white nationalists, all of those who are organized around this president do not like this, and people are not accustomed to a woman, in particular an African American woman, taking this kind of leadership,” Waters said. “How dare me criticize the President of the United States?”
Follow Amber on Twitter
There was a farmer who went to a saint and said, “Give me something so that my life becomes wonderful. Give me a mantra, a japa and then I will do something great.” The saint agreed and gave him a mantra to chant. The farmer was very happy. He was about to leave when the saint said, “Just a minute, I forgot to tell you something. Whenever you want to chant the mantra or when you sit for meditation, take care not to think of a monkey. If you do, the mantra will become useless and impotent. It won't be of any use to you.”
The farmer said, ‘Oh, this is so easy! I have never thought about monkeys in my life. There is no reason why I should think about them now. And I have just a wheat and paddy field. Monkeys don't come there at all.' So he went home and sat to meditate. The first thing that came to his mind was a monkey! He thought, ‘Oh, perhaps it is daytime now. Maybe they are here somewhere and those vibrations are striking my mind. It is not me. Maybe the monkeys want me to remember them. But at night they'll be asleep. Let me meditate then.' So he got up at 10 o'clock that night, and started to meditate. The first thing that came to his mind was the monkey. He thought of monkeys not only during meditation, but at all other times too! While sitting, standing, eating, drinking, he even had nightmares of monkeys in his dreams! Within three days he was so bothered by the monkeys, he ran back to the saint on the fourth day and asked him to take his mantra and monkey back! ‘I don't want it! Relieve me of this monkey business! I have gone crazy! I can't do anything!'
What you resist persists. It is the nature of the mind! There is one golden rule by which the mind can be lifted up, and that is wonder.
/* ----------------------------------------- */ /* Vue : Vue-Configurateur : début */ /* ----------------------------------------- */ .productdetail { display: block; float: left; width: 25%; padding-top: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px; padding-left: 5px; padding-right: 5px; background-color: white; } .quantity.buttons_added { width: 33% !important; float: left; } input.input-text.qty.text { width: 40px !important; text-align: center; height: 33px !important; border: none!important; -webkit-border-radius: 3px; -moz-border-radius: 3px; border-radius: 3px; color: #fff!important; background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2) !important; -webkit-box-shadow: none !important; -moz-box-shadow: none !important; box-shadow: none !important; font-size: 20px!important; font-weight: 500 !important; } p.price { color: #ce007a !important; font-size: 20px; } .wrapper { background: grey; /* For browsers that do not support gradients */ background: -webkit-linear-gradient(grey, white); /* For Safari 5.1 to 6.0 */ background: -o-linear-gradient(grey, white); /* For Opera 11.1 to 12.0 */ background: -moz-linear-gradient(grey, white); /* For Firefox 3.6 to 15 */ background: linear-gradient(grey, white); /* Standard syntax */ } .add_to_cart_button, .single_add_to_cart_button, .added_to_cart { position: relative; vertical-align: middle; float: left; font-size: 16px; border-width: 1px !important; padding: 0.3em 1em; margin-top: 5px; background-color: #a46497; color: #fff; -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; -webkit-border-radius: 3px; -moz-border-radius: 3px; -webkit-transition: all 0.2s; -moz-transition: all 0.2s; border-radius: 3px; font-size: 20px; font-weight: 500; line-height: 1.7em !important; transition: all 0.2s; } table.variations tr td { padding: 2px 10px !important; } a.reset_variations { padding: 5px; } .quantity.buttons_added { width: 50px !important; margin-top: 8px; padding: 5px; } span.buyorselect { float: left; display: block; width: 100%; padding-bottom: 10px; } .autreproduits a { float: left; border-width: 1px !important; padding: 0.3em 1em; margin-top: 5px; background-color: #a46497; color: #fff; -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased; -moz-border-radius: 3px; -webkit-transition: all 0.2s; -moz-transition: all 0.2s; border-radius: 3px; font-size: 20px; font-weight: 500; line-height: 1.7em !important; transition: all 0.2s; display: block; width: 200px; } /* ----------------------------------------- */ /* Vue : Vue-Configurateur : fin */ /* ----------------------------------------- */
Ce site utilise des cookies: Pour plus d'information. Ok, merci
60 Minutes ran a profile of Aaron Rodgers last night, and it was, as is customary for most of their non-tennis sports segments, not really designed for sports fans. (Did you know the Packers play in a small town, but have won a lot of championships, and their fans really love the team? I hope you didn't, because Scott Pelley spent nearly half the piece hammering that home.)
Rodgers's late growth spurt isn't new ground either; in his E:60 profile last year, we learned he wasn't recruited out of high school because he was just 5'11", 165 pounds. But he's clearly still very salty about it, even three inches and 60 pounds later. One poor fan who won a contest to meet him, clearly the high point of the guy's life, made the mistake of telling Rodgers he looks smaller in person. Bad move.
Why did that send Rodgers into a full-on sulk?
"You know I— I just that, that's one of the more ridiculous comments that could be thrown at me is that. Especially coming from somebody who's 5'7"."
Later in the segment, Greg Jennings and Clay Matthews explain that this doesn't surprise them—Rodgers takes a lot of things personally.
Jennings: He's sensitive. So you got to be careful what you say around him. Matthews: Real sensitive. Jennings: You know, he takes everything to heart. Pelley: What kind of things are you talking about? Jennings: Like once he sees this interview, he's going to be sensitive to what, the fact that we're saying he's sensitive. Matthews: Yeah. So, I'll compliment him on the clothes he wears. Just make him feel good. And consequently he'll go out, feel good, play good, make us feel good. So, we just, you know, give him a pat on the back every once in a while. Pelley: A little quarterback management? Both: Absolutely.
That's OK. QBs are human too. But it's delightful and maybe a little incongruous that Aaron Rodgers's teammates need to give him daily affirmations to keep him from moping like a sullen teenager.
At long last, Hollywood Undead finally returned to the stage for the first time in 2017. Rather than jump right into the touring cycle for their upcoming album, V, HU eased into the concert groove with a festival gig called “Kaisafest”. Kaisafest took place in Helsinki, Finland on July 29th, 2017. Hollywood Undead took to the stage with Finnish group Disco Ensemble as an opening act for the legendary Red Hot Chili Peppers.
The Kaisafest show was special for a couple reasons. Not only was it the first show of 2017, it also marks the band's first performance since the official announcement of their fifth album just, which happened just five days before the show.
The performance also gave fans clues of what to expect in regards to the new masks for the upcoming North America Tour. Fans had struggled to reconcile the different color masks showing up in promotional materials, chalking it up to trick lighting, but when the band hit the stage in Helsinki the situation became more clear. The band performed the first handful of their songs in masks as is tradition, but this time they appeared in a set of matching, bright red versions of their new V masks. Funny Man's red mask previously made an appearance in promotional materials, but this would be the fandom's first look at red versions of the rest of the band's masks.
Kaisafest also featured a new stage setup, mimicking the setup seen in the video for “California Dreaming”. With the departure of longtime member Da Kurlzz, the only drum-kit (operated by touring member Tyler Mahurin) now takes center stage. The absence of Da Kurlzz also changed up minor things in the band dynamic. For example, vocal portions of the song “Gravity” that used to be handled by Matt were now performed by Johnny 3 Tears.
Since the band was playing a festival show, the majority of the set-list consisted of singles and older, more well-known songs. This is a classic tactic used to make sure fans of the headliner may still be familiar with the music being played. The band maintained their opening set of songs seen on the last few tours for the Day of the Dead record cycle, and cherry picked singles from the remainder of their discography to fill out the set list. Notable omissions included the new single “California Dreaming”, which may have been too new to properly rehearse in time for the show, and absolutely anything from their third album, Notes from the Underground, which had no songs on the reported setlist. “Coming Back Down” did make an appearance for the first time in many months, and was rounded out with a trimmed down cover of “Du Hast” by Rammstein. The band closed their set with their traditional encore titles, “Everywhere I Go” and “Hear Me Now”.
Want to review the set list, videos, and other trivia from the show? Visit our concert stats page for Kaisafest! For more concert goodness, visit our Show Archive for more details on every show.
Take a look at some of your social media contributions from Kaisafest below:
She should prepare a “Firework" to celebrate — singer Katy Perry is one step closer to living in a Los Angeles Catholic convent she's been fighting to buy for two years.
A Los Angeles Superior Court this week sided with the pop singer and the Los Angeles Archdiocese in a case that legally pitted the archdiocese against its own elderly nuns and wealthy developer Dana Hollister — and even involved the pope.
The ruling marks the near end for the two-year legal battle, in which the nuns tried to block the archdiocese from selling Perry their convent in favor of the real estate developer.
"The court finds that the sisters did not have authority to sell the property to [Ms.] Hollister,” said Judge Stephanie Bowick in a summary judgment issued Tuesday and obtained by Mansion Global.
Judge Bowick canceled the sale to Ms. Hollister, paving the way for Perry to finally purchase the Los Feliz nunnery through her limited liability company, The Bird Nest LLC, as was the plan two years ago.
A lawyer representing Ms. Perry did not return a request for comment.
Perry, 32, first agreed to buy the large religious compound for $14.5 million in 2015 from the archdiocese, presumably to turn it into a sprawling private estate. But before the singer could go into escrow, two nuns from the Sisters of the Most Holy and Immaculate Heart of the Blessed Virgin Mary scrambled to seal a deal with Hollister instead, according to court documents.
“The property would have sold to [Katy Perry], so that's why we closed,” Hollister said in a deposition quoted in Tuesday's ruling.
In their rush, the nuns failed to get the necessary written approval for the sale from the L.A. Archdiocese as well as the pope, the judge ruled.
“No consent was obtained before the close of the sale,” Judge Bowick wrote in the ruling. “The above failures render the Hollister transaction invalid.”
The archdiocese said the ruling, though not in the nuns' favor, ultimately benefits the sisters because the sale to Hollister was not ideal. The nuns have not lived on the property since 2011.
“The main concern of the Archdiocese is and has always been the care and well-being of all the IHM Sisters,” the archdiocese said in a statement this week.
The developer paid the sisters $44,000 and signed a contingent promissory note for the rest “without any guarantee that the sisters would ever receive any additional payment,” the archdiocese said. The promissory note amounted to more than $9 million, according to property records.
Ownership of the convent returns to the nuns' order until the archdiocese agrees to a buyer.
If Perry gets her way, she'll eventually move into the eight-acre property on Waverly Drive, which consists of multiple buildings, including a church. Images of the property show an amenity- and architecturally rich estate. The salmon-colored Spanish-style compound surrounds a central courtyard with a pool. There's also an attractive garden terrace and fountains.
Property records indicate the main living quarters were built in 1930 and expanded in 1985. The 20,000-square-foot structure has 25 bedrooms and 29 bathrooms, according to records on PropertyShark — plenty of room for Perry to “Roar” or live out her “Teenage Dream.”
Lawyers for Hollister and the nuns involved in the case were not immediately available for comment.
A priest has told the Scottish Child Abuse Inquiry that the reforms of the Second Vatican Council contributed to the Church's “horrible mistakes” on abuse.
According to the Scottish Catholic Observer, Mgr Peter Smith, former chancellor of Glasgow archdiocese, said the Church accepted conventional wisdom of the 1970s that it was “better to repair the [abuser], to fix them or to redeem them”, than punish them. In that era priests accused of abuse could be sent for therapy rather than face criminal charges.
The Second Vatican Council, Mgr Smith said, “made a significant ­difference to the whole way that the Church proceeded … [It] asked us to proceed pastorally and [be more] caring for people”, rather than having an earlier “legalistic” approach.
“That pastoral care was exercised very strongly towards the priests who had been accused and perhaps less strongly towards those who had been on the receiving end of such a vicious thing,” he said. Vatican II “breathed fresh air through the system”, he said, but meant “people didn't pay attention to some of the things that might have been more important”.
It's been over a year since the release of Civilization 6 and Firaxis has finally revealed the first expansion, Rise and Fall. The theme, as you might have guessed, is the tendency of civilizations to have some good days and some not so good ones. “Instead of just a march through history, straight progress all game, maybe with a few speed bumps, but always forward,” producer Andrew Frederiksen told me, “[what] we're trying to capture here are the ups and downs, sort of riding the waves through history that is so paramount when you look back at our own world.”
This excites me. I've written more than once about how constant good fortune carrying you to the head of the most powerful and unassailable empire imaginable is… actually pretty boring compared to the stories we latch onto in real history. From the rise and fall of Rome to the ascension and collapse of various imperial dynasties in China, we are compelled by narratives that have dramatic pacing. And to have that, your moments of peril are arguably just as important, if not more so, than your moments of triumph.
The designers at Firaxis have put together a hefty set of new features to explore these themes, which Fredericksen assured have been integrated with Civ 6's existing systems “as much as possible,” rather than sitting on top of them as optional extras. We'll take them one-by-one, because it's a lot to absorb.
Great Ages
In previous Civ games, which Era you were in (Classical, Medieval, Modern, etc.) was defined by how far you progressed down the tech tree. While that will still exist on a per-civ basis, the game itself will now progress through global Eras, triggered by any civ fulfilling their start conditions. At the dawn of each new Era, every civ is evaluated on how well they did in the previous one and can qualify for a Golden Age, a Dark Age, or neither.
Civs that can endure a Dark Age will be rewarded.
Which type of Age you get is partly based on where you are, relative to the Era, in the tech and civics trees. These contribute to your Era Score, which can also be influenced by Historic Moments. The latter, Frederiksen referred to as “mini-achievements,” not unlike the smaller objectives you can pursue in vanilla Civ 6 to gain enlightenment bonuses on certain civics and technologies. Some examples given were being the first civ to circumnavigate the globe, the first to discover a natural wonder, or the first to found a religion.
Civs in a Golden Age are living the good life. For the entirety of that global Era, they get bonuses to Loyalty (more on that later) in all of their cities. In a Dark Age, things are not so rosy. You'll instead get penalties to Loyalty across the board. But it's not purely punitive. Civs that can endure a Dark Age will be rewarded. For one, Dark Ages unlock Dark Policies that can be slotted into your government, which offer a trade-off of some kind. Most will come with a powerful buff to help some aspect of your civilization carry on through the hard times, paired with a debuff that will make things even worse for a different aspect. “We might be deciding to tighten up our borders,” Frederiksen gave as an example. “[We're] not going do as much with trade or diplomacy or something, but in turn, our internal production—our food, or whatever the case may be—is going to be stronger.”
The grand prize for overcoming a Dark Age, however, is a Heroic Age. These trigger when you emerge from a Dark Age with enough Era Score to qualify for a Golden Age, in spite of everyone and everything. They're basically a Golden Age on steroids, with even more powerful buffs to spur your civ on to victory. The whole system is based around these risk/reward trade-offs. Frederiksen was clear that Dark Ages aren't meant to just suck. The gloomier chapters of the story of your civilization need to be as fun to play as the shining ones, and pursuing a strategy of timing a Dark into Heroic transition for a key moment will be viable. They didn't want to create a system where you “never want a Dark Age.”
Dedications
At the dawn of each new Era, your civilization will get to make a Dedication. Frederiksen described this a player-selected goal of, “This is what we are going to be about as a civilization for the next Era.” If you're going into a Dark Age or a Normal Age, your Dedication will give you a new way to earn Era Score—which should help prevent a Dark Age spiral where you're stumbling from one disaster to the next. In a Golden or a Heroic Age, your Dedication grants you an extra buff on top of the Loyalty bonus you're already getting, such as increased movement or combat ability for units. While these buffs are nice, they don't contribute to Era Score, making it difficult to chain together Golden Ages.
Loyalty and Free Cities
All cities now have Loyalty ratings. As Frederiksen put it, these measure “how people feel about you and your leadership.” It's affected by things like amenities and what type of Age you are in. It can also be bolstered by your own actions and eroded by actions of neighboring civs. It's almost like a new health bar. When Loyalty reaches zero, the city will secede from your civ and become an independent Free City.
Free cities have militaries and will defend themselves, but will not expand or engage in diplomacy like a full civ. They also don't have the special interactions available for the city-states in vanilla Civ 6 like missions and suzerainty. They essentially exist as an “up for grabs” morsel to be taken. The most straightforward way to take control of one is military conquest, but nearby civs can also exert Loyalty pressure on them. If your opponents build up a Free City's Loyalty high enough, it will be peacefully annexed into their civ. This makes 'flipping' cities like in Civ games past possible again, with the caveat that they will exist in a neutral Free City state during the process, giving their original owner a chance to reconquer them or peacefully restore Loyalty.
Loyal cities will reinforce the Loyalty of other cities close to them, meaning Loyalty will be less of a problem near the core of your empire and shakier on the far-flung frontiers. Sprawling empires will thus have to focus more on good governance, or else have armies ready to go on their fringes to retake cities that try to break away. Frederiksen said they will be looking at balancing with civs like England that are encouraged to settle far away to make sure they aren't disproportionately screwed by this. He also pointed out that a civ in a Golden Age bordering one that is in a Dark Age creates an interesting and potentially explosive dynamic, where the Dark Age civ's cities will be ready to defect to the Golden Age civ with only a slight nudge.
You'll also be able to annex vanilla city-states using Loyalty, though you will lose their suzerain bonus as if you had conquered them militarily.
Governors
Emergencies will bring a taste of this to Civ 6, with certain actions being taken by an aggressor civ triggering a sort of common mission to be pursued by their adversaries.
Governors are new characters that exist somewhere between Great People and Leaders. They aren't physically present on the map, but are assigned to a city somewhat like spies. One of their main jobs is bolstering Loyalty, but each of the seven types of governor (you can only have one of each) also has a theme like military, economy, or religion, and an entire promotion tree that will allow them to grant powerful bonuses to that area of focus in the city where they are assigned.
The resources to level up and recruit governors all come from a common pool, so there will always be a trade-off between having a wider stable of less powerful governors or focusing on a couple to make them as potent as they can be. “One of my favorites is we have this governor that if you get her to the top tier,” Frederiksen says, “and if you have her in a city, you can just straight up buy a district with gold.” Another he called out allowed building units that normally require a strategic resource without that resource, a potential balm to those extremely frustrating games where you put all your eggs in the military basket and somehow never get access to iron.
Alliance changes
Alliances will now be available in a variety of different flavors. A scientific alliance is similar to the old research agreements, where the shared knowledge of two civs can benefit both. An economic alliance is more focused on mutually-beneficial trade. And of course, the old school military alliance, which has you stand back-to-back with another world leader to fight off the forces of everyone who doesn't like everything being your map color, isn't going anywhere. They can also level up and give stronger benefits if they remain stable for a long time. Frederiksen confirmed that AI civs will be less likely to break an alliance that has been around a long time and accumulated lots of benefits than one that was just started a few turns ago.
Emergencies
From The Crusades to World War 2, history is full of moments when several great powers unified to take action. Emergencies will bring a taste of this to Civ 6, with certain actions being taken by an aggressor civ triggering a sort of common mission to be pursued by their adversaries. One prominent trigger is the first time any civ uses nuclear weapons, which will serve as a wake-up call to the rest of the world that maybe they need to be paying more attention to this whole “physics” thing. Another example Frederiksen gave was a holy city for an established religion being conquered or converted by a follower of a different religion, in which case any civs following the holy city's original religion might be invited to take it back.
“It can sound like they're something to stop the person who's ahead,” Frederiksen noted. “And it can do that, but it's not a kind of thing where you hamstring the winner just to make the game longer. It's very much a flavorful thing that can shift the power dynamic—cause something that's great to fall, or something that's not so great to rise.”
Each emergency will have a winner, whether that be the alliance of volunteers fulfilling the victory condition or the civ that triggered the emergency holding them off and making sure that objective stays un-ticked. In either case, the winning side receives a buff for the rest of the game. So while every emergency will have a sort of 'bad guy' that's getting ganged up on, there will be a reward for choosing to be that guy and standing firm in spite of the odds.
New units
The team at Firaxis is keeping the new civs and leaders close to their chest at the moment, but they were able to talk about four non-unique units coming to the tech tree for anyone to unlock. Pike and Shot is a new anti-cavalry unit bridging the long, awkward gap between Pikemen and Anti-Tank. Three more units have been added to the late game to cap off lines that previously ended too soon: The Supply Convoy (an upgraded version of the Medic that can increase the movement speed of units it shares a tile with in addition to restoring HP), Spec Ops (a “Navy SEAL-inspired” unit that caps off the line for the humble Scout, gaining the ability to para-drop forward without the use of aircraft), and the Drone (an upgraded version of the Observation Balloon).
New Districts
The most prominent of the new districts being added (and the one we were allowed to hear about) is the Government District. There can be only one of these in your entire civ, and it interacts directly with the updated government system. Based on your current government type, you will be able to build a number of new buildings in your government district, each of which unlocks policy cards.
New civs
We asked Frederiksen if he could hint at all what part of the world any of the new civs might be coming for, to which he responded: “The Land.” So sorry to disappoint everyone who had their fingers crossed for Atlantis. Still, all of the above is plenty to chew on for now. Civilization VI: Rise and Fall will be out on February 8, 2018.
What is so compelling about riddles, mysteries, and puzzles? Most people are fascinated by images and objects that are paradoxical or impossible in real life but look oddly convincing and perplexing in 2D. Art:21 Season Four featured contemporary artists Allora & Calzadilla, Mark Bradford, Robert Ryman, and Catherine Sullivan who investigate the boundaries between “abstraction and representation, fact and fiction, order and chaos.” Throughout history, artists have been compelled to explore paradox as contradiction, ambiguity, and truth.
The paradoxical structure of my work is often to engage that place of in-betweenness; to engage it, not to make a picture of it, not to make it its subject, but actually to try to work at that place in a way that demonstrates it, that's demonstrative, that occupies it. You know it's very abstract, but concrete. — Ann Hamilton
It would seem that paradox inspires artists to expand their imaginations, derive abstract concepts, and dream bigger.
Art is paradoxical by nature. It both reflects the past and creates the future. It both orders and dis-integrates, and somehow, through the course of both, defies entropy. Maybe that's what humans do, too: reflect and create. Maybe that's why we need art so badly. — Josh Allan Dykstra
The Penrose stairs is a 2D depiction of a staircase in which the stairs make four 90-degree turns as they ascend or descend yet form a continuous loop, so that a person could climb them forever and never get any higher. This is clearly impossible in 3D but the 2D version achieves this paradox by distorting perspective. The best known examples of Penrose stairs appears in a couple of famous lithographs by M.C. Escher (see top image) and this brings us to Christopher Nolan's Inception, a film that is billed as a story about dreams but also delves deeper into our fascination with paradox.
Note that this entry is not a review of the film, nor are there any major plot spoilers for those who have yet to see the film. I have seen this film three times on the big screen because if you want to truly understand the mechanics of Inception rather than simply going along for the ride, you need to see the film more than once and spend some time solving its puzzles and untangling its mysteries. I had a different purpose for each viewing and spent some serious time analyzing the art (and design) in the film.
‘Inception' means the beginning or creation of something like a fantasy dreamscape or immersive installation. Scenes in the film look like M. C. Escher's work set in both real and alternate worlds. The plot blurs realities, captures the imagination, and invites viewers to explore our interpretations of what is real or not. Christopher Nolan has found a way to captivate audiences using contradictory sets and defying acts of gravity that are awe-inspiring. Several moments captured my attention and made me more aware of my own thought process regarding paradox in contemporary art.
A paradox is not a conflict within reality. It is a conflict between reality and your feeling of what reality should be like. — Richard Feynman
The film centers on Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his team of extractors, forgers, and architects who go on missions to infiltrate victims' minds through dreams and to steal important information. In one dream sequence, Arthur (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) uses the Penrose stairs to show Ariadne (Ellen Page) how to disguise the boundaries of the dreams she built as a novice architect. From a certain perspective, the staircase appears to climb or descend infinitely, but look differently and you can see they cut off abruptly. Arthur calls this “paradoxical architecture.”
Between viewings one and two, I learned that Ariadne, the architect, is also the name of a character from Greek mythology who guides Theseus, the hero, from a maze. Eames (Tom Hardy), the forger, shares his name with seminal designers/architects Charles and Ray Eames, who made the celebrated short film, Powers of Ten, about the magnitude of the universe. The name Cobb is thought to come from Jacob, who, when fleeing from his murderous brother in the biblical book Genesis, dreamed of a ladder to heaven.
[youtube:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fKBhvDjuy0]
I was amazed at how art was used to illustrate the plot and alluded to broader concepts in our society. In addition to the Penrose stairs (Escher), one brief scene features the torn visage of a Francis Bacon portrait on a wall. In another scene, the face of Cobb is shown as contorted, emerging in slow motion from rushing slabs of water, like the tortured faces in several of Bacon's famous works. We are provided with clues to the main character's tumultuous inner struggle. Paradox and the dream logic of Inception pays homage to the surrealists and symbolist artists of the past. Relatively obscure artist Austin Osman Spare (whose work is not featured in the film) developed “idiosyncratic magical techniques including based on his theories of the relationship between the conscious and unconscious self.” Spare's proto-Surrealist art brings to mind the twisted, sometimes grotesque art of Francis Bacon that complements the film's plot.
In his book Towards an Immersive Intelligence Joseph Nechvatal, a post-conceptual digital artist and theorist writes,
For Spare, and I agree with him here, there are no “levels” or “layers” of consciousness, and no dichotomy between the “conscious” and the “unconscious.” There isn't even a clearly definable boundary between “consciousness” and the “object of action” and “situation.” There is only a depth or thickness of self-awareness, from the thinnest film of near being, where we engage in pure desire/instinct driven towards action, to an opacity so paralyzingly thick that it induces catatonia. The point of automatism is that the more spontaneously we act, the less self-conscious we are.
Inception is part of a tremendous artistic/cultural paradigm shift, or as Nechvatal calls it, a viractualist zeitgeist that “signals a new sensibility emerging in art respecting the integration of certain aspects of science, technology, myth and consciousness — a consciousness struggling to attend to the prevailing contemporary spirit of our age.”
Plus Hans Zimmer's film score is amazing!
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton favoured arming Syria's rebels early in that country's civil war but was overruled by President Barack Obama, the former secretary of state said in her new memoir obtained by CBS News.
Clinton's long-awaited book Hard Choices - seen as an unofficial start to her expected presidential run - is set for a June 10 release, but CBS News said Thursday it purchased a copy at a bookstore.
"Wicked problems rarely have a right answer; in fact, part of what makes them wicked is that every option appears worse than the next. Increasingly that's how Syria appeared," she wrote.
Clinton said that she returned to Washington from an overseas trip convinced that arming and training moderate Syrian rebels was the best move to turn the tide against President Bashar al-Assad.
"The risks of both action and inaction were high, (but) the president's inclination was to stay the present course and not take the significant further step of arming rebels," she added.
"No one likes to lose a debate, including me. But this was the president's call and I respected his deliberations and decision," she wrote, according to CBS News.
The book touches on scores of key policy issues including the Iraq war, Benghazi, as well as fallout from the Arab Spring.
But the Syria episode illustrates a key break between Clinton, who is mulling new presidential bid after losing the Democratic nomination to Obama in 2008, and a president whose popularity has fallen.
"From the beginning of our partnership, he had promised me that I would always get a fair hearing. And I always did. In this case, my position didn't prevail," she wrote.
She also wrote about how she eventually realized that her vote supporting the Iraq war resolution in 2002 when she was a US senator was a grave mistake.
"I thought I had acted in good faith and made the best decision I could with the information I had. And I wasn't alone in getting it wrong," she wrote. "But I still got it wrong. Plain and simple."
The civil in Syria is seen to be further fuelled by the involvement of many external sides to the conflict, including Russia, the United States, Iran and Saudi Arabia, amongst others.
Turkey to flag Iran's support for Syria during Rouhani visit
Meanwhile, Turkish officials intend to criticise Iran's support for Syria when Iranian president Hasan Rouhani visits Turkey next week, a ruling party official said Thursday.
Rouhani is scheduled to visit Turkey on Monday, his first visit to the country since he was elected last year.
"One topic we will bring up to Rouhani will be Iran's position regarding the Syrian civil war," said Yasin Aktay, deputy chairman of the ruling Justice and Development (AK) Party.
Iran, along with Russia and China, is one of the strongest backers of Syrian dictator Bashar Assad.
"We will remind him that the policy they have followed over Syria is not going to benefit Iran - something that we will tell him directly," Aktay said.
Aktay answered questions from foreign correspondents during breakfast at AK Party headquarters in Ankara, Turkey's capital.
"During the Arab Spring, Iran was popular in the region, and Iran would have benefited from this period," Aktay said. "Yet their popularity among the Muslim countries has decreased due to their policies regarding Syria."
Turkey, which has been supportive of the Syrian uprising and is a host to almost one million Syrian refugees, is itself worried about the danger posed by certain extremist elements in Syria.
The Turkish Council of Ministers on Tuesday designated Al Nusra Front - a branch of Al-Qaeda operating in Syria - as a terrorist organization.
The decision comes amid mounting Western concerns over the possible threat to Europe and the United States posed by some foreign fighters returning from Syria, and amid American pressure for tighter Turkish control of its borders with Syria.
COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lanka said Thursday its dormant human rights commission would begin hearing new complaints, as the Indian Ocean nation remains under mounting Western pressure to investigate war crimes allegations made by a U.N.-appointed panel.
The Human Rights Commission of Sri Lanka, which has no judicial powers beyond recommending government authorities take action, said it will begin a probe of serious rights violations nationwide, including those from the war.
“We propose to appoint a panel of retired judges to look into all the pending important cases,” commission chairman Priyantha Perera told Reuters. “We want this panel of judges to look into more serious violations in every part of the country.”
Western governments led by the United States have pushed Sri Lanka to establish a believable probe into the panel's finding of “credible evidence” government troops killed thousands of civilians at the end of the country's civil war in 2009.
Sri Lanka says the accusations parrot propaganda from supporters of the defeated Tamil Tiger separatists, and dismisses the panel's findings as groundless and biased. It denies troops targeted civilians.
The government said reactivation of the commission and appointment of the panel was not done to appease anyone.
“There was no special reason to reactivate now. Since the war is over, there was a need to activate,” acting cabinet spokesman and deputy minister of economic development Lakshman Yapa Awbeywardene told reporters.
President Mahinda Rajapaksa's government has said the separate Lessons Learned and Reconciliation Commission (LLRC) is already implementing reconciliation moves shaped by testimony taken from those affected by the war.
Critics say the LLRC lacks independence, and is likely to go the way of four decades' worth of Sri Lankan probes into rights abuses since the first of three violent insurgencies began in 1971, and find nothing and hold no one responsible.
Washington has warned that failure to credibly investigate the allegations and establish genuine reconciliation could lead to an international war crimes probe.
Most diplomats involved with Sri Lanka see that as a remote possibility, given Chinese and Russian backing for Sri Lanka on the U.N. Security Council. The U.N. Human Rights council, meeting next week, may take up the matter.
Sri Lanka will hold a military parade and memorial for fallen soldiers Friday to mark the second anniversary of the defeat of the Tamil Tigers, which ended a quarter-century civil war.
The Advanced Turbine Engine Company (ATEC) joint venture (JV) comprising Honeywell and Pratt & Whitney has received a contract to design a new engine for the US Army's Black Hawk and Apache helicopter fleets.
The contract has been awarded as part of the army's improved turbine engine (ITE) programme.
Under the two-year contract, the JV will provide preliminary designs of the HPW3000 turbine engine, which will improve performance over the current engine powering the helicopters.
"With the extensive improvements in helicopter performance it brings, the HPW3000 will mean greater mission success and safety for US warfighters."
The army is looking for a new engine that is 50% more powerful, 25% more fuel-efficient and provide 20% longer engine life over the current engine, while also meeting stringent performance goals in high altitude and hot conditions at 6,000ft and 95°F.
ATEC president Craig Madden said: "The HPW3000 underscores our dedication to developing an engine that will support Army Aviation superiority over potential adversaries.
"We are very confident in the engine design and in the results we've seen in testing so far. With the extensive improvements in helicopter performance it brings, the HPW3000 will mean greater mission success and safety for US warfighters."
Two HPW3000 demonstrator engines have recently underwent testing, during which they have validated various programme requirements.
Featuring 3,000shp and a dual-spool architecture, the HPW3000 uses the latest gas turbine engine technologies.
ATEC said that the engine's dual-spool architecture offers optimised engine efficiency, decreased maintenance costs, extended engine life, and greater power growth capability.
Using HPW3000, the army will be able to generate $1bn in savings.
The house under which the notorious “Hackney Mole Man” dug an extensive network of tunnels and caves in a decade long subterranean campaign is to be auctioned next month, it has been announced.
The building in east London's Hackney area is expected to fetch around £750,000.
Planning permission to knock the house down and replace it with two town houses – with basements – has been granted.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Those basements are perhaps unlikely to house 33 tons of debris, including the three cars and a boat found under the house in Mole Man William Lyttle's day.
Lyttle died at the age of 79 two years ago, leaving a £408,000 bill as a result of his 40 years of digging, during which he constructed extensive tunnels under the streets of up to 60 feet in length.
He was evicted from the house in 2006 “for his own safety”.
Since then, it has been surrounded by high fences and most of the tunnels have been filled in. The building originally went on sale last year for around £500,000 but no deal was completed.
Sean King, CEO of the estate agent Move with Us, said: “Putting the property up for auction is the best option to achieve the maximum property price, coupled with the fact that the site has restricted viewing access and is unsafe.
“Owing to the previous high interest from buyers, we expect lots of interest in the sale.
The property is prime real estate in Hackney with the added cache of being the ‘Mole Man's' former house.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
There's a saying—"there's no such thing as a free lunch." On the Web, however, it sure seems like there is. In the time span of a lunch break, a few keywords in a search engine promise free entertainment, just several clicks away. We all know the catch, though. These freebies can come with freeloading adware, malware, and other unwanted programs and plugins. This was particularly true in the Internet's early days, but in the past decade, tech giants such as Google, Microsoft, and Yahoo—the three major players in search today—have deployed significant resources to prevent adware and malware from compromising their Web browsers, e-mail services, and websites. It can't be that bad in 2013, right?
Answering this question required a little experiment, one inspired by the documentary Super-Size Me. That film chronicles Morgan Spurlock's month-long fast food “diet” during which he limited his exercise and knowledge about healthy eating, had to order everything on the McDonald's menu at least once, and never said no to an upgrade offer.
The Web version of this is simpler and better for an individual's (physical) health. From a clean computer fresh off an OS install, enter some of the most popular, plausible generic free keyword searches on a popular Web browser. Next, open all of the links in the search results (ads and otherwise) and download the first thing on the landing pages, recording where it went and what it did. Like Spurlock, I would limit my knowledge about what was safe or risky and take no (Internet) precautions beyond the default settings. The same rules applied for installing the program afterward. And in the Web's version of "would you like to super-size that?" I had to say yes to whatever was offered. There would be no avoiding a Web culture of excess and extras.
More programs included with the installation? MOAR! After each keyword search and installation was complete, I'd run several (free) popular antivirus programs to detect unwanted programs and record the installed programs, browser plugins, and extensions. That way it's easy to check later for Internet notoriety.
Time to travel back to 2008
After a little research, I decided to search for free games, music, e-cards, a wallpaper, and a screensaver for my new computer. This appears to cover a spectrum of entertainment options available on the Web, but several ground rules guided me in selecting these items:
The content had to be plausibly free (“free” had to be the leading keyword) and legal (no purposefully targeting torrents, P2P). To replicate the high bounce rates common for Internet browsing, I exited if I needed to create an account or provide an e-mail or login. I also exited if there was no immediate download option from the landing page, although I was happy to click through several pages or redirections if it promised a free download (though it couldn't be an unrelated third-party ad). The searched-for content had to be entertainment-oriented (no malware/spyware/antivirus searches), but it could not come from adult sites (online gambling, porn, webcams). In other words, the idea was to look for fun, free stuff—not trouble directly.
To no one's surprise, the keywords I selected were popular. However, they were also really, really dangerous. Each search qualified for the "Top 50 Riskiest Search Terms in the US" list from McAfee's 2008 roundup, The Web's Most Dangerous Search Terms report. This experiment even included a pair of No. 1 ill-advised searches:
Search Term Claim to Fame
"free e-cards," listed in the McAfee Top 50, US "free game cheats," “game cheats” qualifies as a McAfee Top 50 "free games," noted as popular generic search query "free lyrics," “lyrics," and “song lyrics” were among the McAfee Top 50 "free music downloads," the No. 1 term for Average Risk, McAfee Top 50 "free screensaver," noted as a popular generic search query "free wallpaper," “wallpaper” is a McAfee Top 50 "free word unscrambler," the No. 1 term for Maximum Risk, McAfee Top 50
In the McAfee report, "free" had the highest category risk. When you run software from an untrusted source, it exposes information about your operating system to the installer, such as your computer model, your IP address, your programs, and what browser you have. And if you are installing software from an adware kingpin, revealing this information is not good. Your information is directly on its way to the adware server.
A computer security expert I consulted beforehand pointed out a potential foil to my experiment. Since I would be installing many adware programs in a short time period—some likely from the same source through different adware networks controlled by the same entity—there was a chance my IP address would be flagged as a particularly gullible user. Other devices using that same IP address later could be vulnerable to a targeted attack if I used a fixed IP address or a narrow range. This required a simple shift. To increase anonymity, free public Wi-Fi was used (and it's likely where you could typically expect some of the downloading behavior I was about to replicate). Combine this with a clean installation containing no personal information, and the experiment was as safe as anything involving McAfee may get.
And so it begins...
So were these search risks, like human gullibility and those looking to profit from it, timeless or just trends of 2008?
Since Windows is the dominant operating system today, I used a MacBook Pro with a Windows 7 64 bit OEM virtualization via Parallels 7. This functioned basically as a PC petri dish and a sandbox for the potentially dangerous software. I could revert to the original pre-search image after each query—back to default programs with only Mozilla Firefox (one of the three most widely used Internet browsers) and two free popular malware detection programs, Microsoft Security Essentials and Lavasoft's Ad-Aware.
For each search, I opened a new browser window in Mozilla Firefox—in private browsing mode—and navigated to Google's search homepage. I saved the image of the clean computer state to Parallels, allowing me to run each search term in a standardized fashion before reverting to the beginning again.
Let the games (and lyrics, and other downloads) begin.
Listing image by Aurich Lawson / Thinkstock
Christina Soto | Broadcast Reporter
This year, Baylor Spirit has added a new mascot named Marigold. There are six students on the mascot team that get the honor of playing Bruiser, but for Austin, senior Deanna Spencer and Round Rock, junior Marie Ament they are able to do both.
Spencer and Ament have been on the team since their freshman year and said they have loved every minute of it.
“I mean it's such an adrenaline rush every single time we get in the suit,” Spencer said. “So it's just such an honor and so fun and definitely a humbling experience to be able to be in here at Baylor.”
With the addition of Marigold, Bruiser now has his own sidekick. Ament says Marigold has attracted more fans, especially little girls.
“It's just so, so exciting to see the differences in how our fans react to Marigold versus Bruiser and like little kids just react to her differently than they do Bruiser,” Ament said. “It's representative of girls as well as having Bruiser to represent the guys and so we get to see different aspects of the community of Baylor through having both types of personalities.”
For Spencer, wearing the costume is an even bigger honor because her father was the first Baylor mascot. In 1985, Andy Spencer was “Mr. Bear”. As the first mascot, he had free range with the character and was able to establish what his personality and mannerisms were going to be like. Andy has been able to watch the program grow, especially as he has been watching his daughter carry on the legacy.
“I remember thinking when I Ieft I was hoping that some of the things we did, that I started with Mr. Bear, would carry on — the walk or a certain way that he acted in the football games. It's just come a long way,” Andy said.
Spencer has not only carried on her father's legacy, but has established one for herself as being part of the first Marigold team.
“I mean it's just been such a cool kind of bond that we have together,” Spencer said. “I mean that he was the first Bruiser and now, I'm getting to carry on his legacy here at Baylor.”
Spencer and Ament said they have loved to see Marigold come to fruition and are excited to see her grow.
“It is just so cool to see an idea that your team had actually come to life and come full swing into it and everyone is so excited,” Spencer said. “It's just been definitely an honor and a humbling experience to be a part of.”
Marigold and Bruiser will be making their next appearance together at Baylor Homecoming starting Oct.19-21.
Hello people of this world, my name is Lara and I fucking love Bravo reality shows.
As much as I love the different Housewives franchises and the HGTV-meets-drama Million Dollar Listing , nothing compares to the beautiful mess that is Vanderpump Rules.
Why is a show about people who work in a restaurant so amazing, you ask? It just is.
I've been watching since the show debuted in 2013 and haven't stopped since. Partly because I have no life, but mainly because this show is amazing.
Ever since I moved to Los Angeles three years ago, I've dreamed of a world where I can go to SUR and pretend to be a part of the cast. In fact, I routinely eat there in the hopes of running into the cast. Whatever. But recently, my dream came true.
Yes, that's right. I became a waitress at SUR.
Several things happened. 1) I was not alone — there were other people posing in front of the restaurant trying to steal MY SHINE. 2) I was disappointed to discover that it was nearly impossible to fit the sign that said "SUR" into my picture, and what the hell was the point if people didn't know where I was?!
I arrived at SUR on the night of my shift and immediately started posing for pictures outside.
Then, I went inside and they gave me A SUR DRESS!!!! When I went to change in an employee bathroom, I couldn't help but wonder who had been in there before me.
Anyway, I got the dress on despite the distractions in the bathroom. I never wanted to take it off because it was so terrible yet wonderful.
Suddenly it was all happening and I knew that the natural next step would be to re-enact the opening scene of the show by carrying a tray of glasses and spinning around looking cool as hell and not spilling anything. Like this:
I shattered several glasses, and Lisa definitely would have fired me. Of course I found out AFTER I shattered the glasses that they glue the glasses down for the intro. Duh.
SPOILER ALERT: IT DID NOT GO WELL.
But I did get a sweet Insta out of it, so it was worth it.
I had so many questions for her — like, when people say "SUR Restaurant" are they saying "sexy unique restaurant restaurant"? And does she call Jax by his real name, Jason? But instead, she taught me the importance of memorizing the daily specials (they ALWAYS have specials) and knowing exactly how Ken and Lisa like things, because apparently they show up a lot. My nightmare and dream come true.
It was finally time to start my shift — and luckily for me, Brittany was there to train me.
I delivered them without dropping them and I even managed to hide my shock at the fact that you only get three goat cheese balls. That's not nearly enough.
Once she showed me the ropes, I was able to SUR-ve my first table, and they ordered the *iconic* goat cheese balls.
It is truly an art form.
After that, it was time to polish glasses. I found out that they aren't just using those cloth napkins to polish the glasses. They dip them in alcohol and clean the glasses that way.
In case you're wondering how to make this drink, you muddle some lime wedges, mint leaves, and simple syrup in a pint glass. Then you add exactly 2 oz of Vanderpump Vodka and some cranberry juice. SHAKE THAT SHIT, and then top with club soda. Drink and then fight with your co-workers in a back alley.
Then it was time to learn how to make drinks because alcohol is such an integral part of this legendary show. Ariana, queen of being relatively drama-free despite being a cast member, was there to show me how to make their best-seller. It's called the Big Pinky. Of course.
After serving exactly one table and making exactly one drink I was exhausted, so I headed to the back alley for my break. Ariana and Brittany were there and we pretended to have a fight and it was the greatest moment of my life.
Things I Learned:
1. The reason they can balance those glasses in the opening scene is because they are glued down. Everything in my life has been a lie.
2. If you order the goat cheese balls you only get three of them, so go ahead and put in three orders.
3. Peter 100% works there and was actually there during my shift managing shit or whatever.
4. The best time to go to SUR is right at 5 p.m. on a Monday after Super Bowl Sunday because you beat the crowd.
5. Brittany is just as nice as she seems on TV.
6. And Ariana is a dream.
7. The back alley is quite literally just a back alley with a couple of old chairs and a random table.
8. SUR waiters and waitresses usually don't have to refill water glasses — they have runners that do that for them. This explains why they have so much time to argue with each other while at work.
9. The dresses are more comfortable than I imagined. I wish I were given a purse. Still mad.
10. Bartenders do not have to wear the iconic dress. They just have to wear black. Seems kind of unfair, but sign me up to be a bartender.
11. Still unclear on if people actually say "sexy unique restaurant restaurant."
12. I am not cut out for this business.
13. But I wish I were.
90 SHARES Share Tweet Google Digg Reddit Pinterest Linkedin Skype Whatsapp Mail Print
Introduction
Homefront is coming back in May with the release of Homefront: The Revolution, an open world first-person shooter for Windows, Linux, OS X, PS4 and XBOX One. The Revolution will launch in the United States on May 17, with Europe's release coming a few days later, on May 20th.
Instead of launching a sequel, they have decided to make The Revolution a reboot of the franchise. So it has a similar story, with North Korea invading America, but events in this game are supposedly four years after the events in the first Homefront.
Story and Setting
Set in the year 2029, four years after North Korea has invaded the United States, when Philadelphia is being occupied by the KPA. The story in The Revolution follows Ethan “Birdy” Brady and the resistance as they fight to take back their city.
The main difference between The Revolution and the original Homefront game is that this one is open-world, with a good amount of areas to explore. You will be able to search through building to scavenge parts for your weapons and other equipment.
Just like most open-world video games, there will be side missions, such as taking out a high-ranking KPA general or stealing equipment from them.
There are districts that you will explore, and not one of them are alike. The Green Zone is the affluent area where the KPA like to remain. It's obviously the most comfortable area, so that is where they are at their strongest. In the Green Zone they have stable power supply, running water and fortifications to make it safe from intruders.
The Yellow Zone is the second district, and it is a poor area where the majority of the population can be found. It's very ghetto, not the kind of place you want to live. This is also where you will have to be careful as there are constant patrols, cameras and scanner drones watching in the Yellow Zone.
The Red Zone is basically nothing but ruins since it's a bombed suburban area, making it the perfect hideout for the resistance. This is where the resistance is at its strongest, but there is definitely still a KPA presence in the location.
Multiplayer
Homefront: The Revolution has a four-player cooperative multiplayer mode called “Resistance”, which has its own characters, classes, progression and perks. According to the developer Dambuster Studios, there will be a difficulty level that is just like the Dark Souls games. The first Homefront had a competitive multiplayer mode, unfortunately The Revolution will not have one.
Editions: Standard, Freedom Fighter, and Goliath
If you're interested in purchasing the game then you might want to know about the various editions being released. There will be the Standard Edition, the Freedom Fighter digital edition and the most expensive, Goliath Edition. There is a pre-order bonus that is the Revolutionary Spirit pack, which will give you skins for the pistol and for the motorbike, with additional unlocks for your weapons in co-op mode.
Freedom Fighter comes with the Revolutionary Spirit pack as well, but it also comes with the Liberty Pack and the game's Expansion Pass.
If you're a hardcore fan or just have a lot of cash to spend on video games, then you might be interested in the Goliath Edition, as it comes with the Revolutionary Spirit pack, Expansion Pass, a 32-page artbook, an RC “Goliath” drone and an exclusive SteelBook case.
Conclusion
Homefront: The Revolution is bringing in many new elements to the franchise, and the developer has made some larger changes as well, such as the open-world experience. This all sounds great, but it is hard to tell how redundant gameplay will be. It's easy to see this being an amazing game if done right, but we will see soon enough! Judging by what we know about this game so far, it looks promising and one to look forward to if you're a fan of open-world games
Homefront: The Revolution Early Closed Beta Gameplay.
Airplane manufacturer Boeing is predicting that a worldwide grounding of its 787 “Dreamliner” will not prevent it from turning a profit in 2013.
The forecast comes in a financial report that sees the Washington state-based company report $22.3 billion in earnings in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $81.7 billion for the year, which the company said was a record level.
ADVERTISEMENT
Boeing is predicting it will earn between $82 billion and $85 billion in 2013, despite the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) investigation into the “airworthiness” of its 787 model after a series of battery defects.
Boeing said its 2013 financial outlook “assumes no significant financial impact from the FAA directive."
“The guidance reflects continued strong core performance, generating an expected 5 percent increase in core earnings per share,” the company said in a statement announcing its financial performance.
The FAA ordered U.S. airlines to stop flying the 787 two weeks ago, pending a resolution of the battery issues. Other worldwide aviation associations quickly followed suit, creating a worldwide ground stop for the airplane.
Boeing CEO Jim McNerney said the company was working feverishly to return the 787 to flight, even as it downplayed the financial impact of its grounding.
"Our first order of business for 2013 is to resolve the battery issue on the 787 and return the airplanes safely to service with our customers,” McNerney said in a statement. “At the same time, we remain focused on our ongoing priorities of profitable ramp-up in commercial airplane production, successful execution of our development programs and continued growth in core, adjacent and international defense and space markets."
McNerney said the 787 played a role in Boeing's 2012 financial performance.
“Strong fourth-quarter operating performance capped a year of significant growth and solid execution, driving higher earnings and cash flow for our company," McNerney said. "In a year of considerable achievement, Boeing was the commercial aviation market leader for both orders and deliveries, with more than 600 airplanes delivered, including the first three Charleston-built 787 Dreamliners.
He added that Boeing had "significant new international orders for defense, space and security and more than 900 orders for the 737 MAX."
Boeing said it was continuing to produce 787s, but suspending deliveries of the airplanes to airlines until they are cleared to fly again by the FAA. The company said it was producing five 787s per month.
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) says that the battery on a 787 that caught fire at Boston's Logan International Airport exhibited signs of accelerated temperature increases known as "thermal runaway" and short-circuiting.
The NTSB is conducting its own review of the 787.
The full Boeing earnings report can be read here.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is backing away from his campaign pledge to support in-state college tuition for undocumented students – despite publicly stating his change of heart on the issue last month before the gubernatorial election.
Christie said on his monthly call-in show Monday that he would not sign the Tuition Equality Act, New Jersey's version of the Dream Act. “They're overreaching and making it unsignable and making the benefits richer than the federal program, the federal Dream Act, that's simply not acceptable for me.”
Christie, who had previously opposed allowing undocumented students to pay in-state tuition prices, said last month during a speech to a Latino group that the New Jersey Legislature needed to ensure “tuition equality for everybody.” Christie reiterated his stance days later during a debate against challenger Barbara Buono, during which he said he supported the New Jersey's Tuition Equality Act–a bill that had been debated and stalled in the state for years.
Under the Tuition Equality Act, undocumented students who have attended a New Jersey high school for at least three years would qualify for in-state tuition rates at any of the state's public colleges. The legislation also requires that students first earn a diploma or GED from their high school and sign an affidavit to adjust their immigration status if given the opportunity. Currently, 16 states allow undocumented students to pay in-state tuition.
The New Jersey Senate approved the bill earlier this month, and Assembly leaders say they expect to put a version of the legislation, which covers in-state tuition but not financial aid, up for a vote soon. But Christie says he wants changes to the bill before he signs it–changes that likely won't come before the deadline. “They have time to change that between now and Jan 14. If they do, I will, if they don't, I won't.”
New Jersey Senate president Steve Sweeney accused Christie in a statement of attempting to appease a national audience and gain more minority votes during the gubernatorial election (Christie won re-election earlier this month with 51% of the Hispanic vote). “He once again turns his back on those who need us most… When he was running for governor he supported it now that he is running for President he does not,” Sweeney said.
Hunter Research and Technology is pleased to announce it's latest client app project, the Nerf Mission App, developed in partnership with Hasbro, Inc. The Nerf Mission App works with the new Nerf N-Strike Elite Tactical Rail Mount Accessory and turns an N-Strike Elite blaster into a full battle cam with heads up display, compass, inclinometer, and rangefinder. The app lets users record photos and videos, track their arsenal, learn about hand signals used to communicate with a squad, and plan out different missions for multiplayer Nerf battles.
The Nerf Mission App is based on the Theodolite Augmented Reality Navigation app developed by Hunter Research and Technology. This game-changing app defined a new standard for augmented reality navigation when it debuted in 2009, and has been a #1 selling navigation app in iTunes stores around the world. Theodolite works as a heads-up display with compass, GPS, map, zoom photo/movie camera, rangefinder, tracker, and two-axis inclinometer. Uses are endless, and Theodolite is great for outdoor sports, hiking, boating, hunting, golf, sightseeing, photography, home projects, and navigation. The app has professional grade features for advanced measurement, observation, and data acquisition, and is used in the field on the job every day by military personnel, first responders, search and rescue workers, surveyors, geologists, architects, engineers, and competitive sportsmen around the world.
Theodolite lets users take geo-stamped camera images, screenshots, movies, and HUD-based screen movies directly from the app. The app includes features like a navigation calculator, map with live markers, team tracking, data logging, KML export, percent grade display, mil compass readout, optical rangefinders (including a mil-based reticle and sniper-style stadiametric graphs), and colored lens filters to improve use in dark conditions and preserve night vision. Theodolite supports over a dozen position formats, and offers an optional World Geodetic Datum Pack with over 220 geodetic datums covering regions and countries on all continents around the world.
“We're pleased to take Theodolite's powerful augmented reality technology in a fun and exciting new direction,” said Dr. Craig Hunter, principal and lead developer at Hunter Research and Technology. “Theodolite has a strong customer base of professionals, outdoor enthusiasts, and high-tech gadget nerds, and the Nerf Mission App brings a whole new group of more playful and younger users into the fold.”
The Nerf Mission App is available for free from the iTunes App Store, and works with most iPhone and iPod touch devices running iOS 5.0 or later (iPhone 3GS, 4, 4S, and 5 are supported, as well as 4th- and 5th-generation iPod touch). The Nerf N-Strike Elite Tactical Rail Mount Accessory is for ages 8 and up, and sold separately. See www.nerf.com for more information and a list of retailers.
Theodolite and Theodolite HD are available on the iTunes App Store for a 20%-off summer sale price of $3.99 USD. Theodolite runs on any camera-equipped iPhone or iPod touch. Theodolite HD runs on any camera-equipped iPad or iPad Mini. More information, including screenshots, is available on the Hunter Research and Technology website at www.hrtapps.com/theodolite.
Links:
Nerf Mission App on iTunes
Theodolite 3.2 on iTunes (iPhone and iPod touch)
Theodolite HD 3.2 on iTunes (iPad and iPad mini)
Tags: Hunter Research and Technology
On February 25th at Memorial Hall, Dayton History will host Fight Night, an evening of boxing. Muhammad Ali, Jack Dempsey, and other boxing legends have battled it out inside the hall and this event keeps that tradition alive. To get the details WYSO's Jerry Kenney spoke with Jeff Brown, founder of the Brown Institute of Martial Arts, in Centerville who's been training the athletes for their fights.
Here's the press release with more details from Dayton History:
On Saturday, February 25th, 2017, historic Memorial Hall (Est. 1910) welcomes nearly 1,500 spectators to Dayton History's Fight Night, presented by Steve R. Rauch Inc. Fighters train for several weeks alongside Jeff Brown, founder of Brown Institute of Martial Arts, before going three rounds in the same venue where Muhammad Ali, Jack Dempsey, and many other boxing legends once went toe-to-toe.
Guests are encouraged to dress in their best 1920s outfits to match the theme of this historically inspired boxing exhibition. Beer, wine, soft drinks, and concessions will be served throughout the night.
After the fighting has ended, Fight Night's Speakeasy After-Party will just be getting started in Memorial Hall's lower level. Featuring music and a full-service bar, party-goers can mingle with the fighters and dance the night away.
Pre-sale tickets are available at Carillon Historical Park, Brown Institute of Martial Arts, and various Dayton establishments.
Click here for a full list of ticket sales locations.
All proceeds benefit Dayton History -- a Dayton-based non-profit organization dedicated to bringing the region's past to life to understand the present and inspire the future.
More Info: 937.293.2841 // daytonfightnight.com
Reply the info day 2016
The InfoDay is an opportunity for the European community to be aware of the funding opportunity put forward by the AAL Programme for ICT and ageing. Watch all the presentations and videos.
Reply the consortium day 2016
Such workshop aimed to support potential proposers in setting up successful consortia so as to maximise the chances of commercial success of their project.
Win 50.000 Euro with Smart Ageing Prize
The Prize will help the most innovative ideas to develop prototypes and business plans. Fifteen of the most promising applications will be chosen as finalists and will be invited to a social innovation mentoring academy in Brussels in July.
Initiative for age-friendly homes
Investment in independent living solutions and age-friendly homes can contribute to alleviating the escalating public spending dedicated to long-term care of the ageing population. Find out more about this initiative.
JPI More Years Better Lives - Second Call
The Joint Transnational Call 2016 is opened with the objective of enabling a better coordination of national, European and Canadian R&D programmes and activities relevant to Demographic Change in order to address the most urgent and demanding challenges defined in the Strategic Research Agenda.
EIP-AHA:Call for commitments
The call will be open until 15th April 2016. If you are interested in becoming a partner of the EIP on AHA, please complete the online form and submit your commitment.
STAMFORD, Conn. -- A Wilton man found wandering in a Stamford apartment told the homeowner and police officers that he was just looking for a place to get cleaned up, police said.
The man, found in a Willowbrook Avenue home late Wednesday morning, told officers and the homeowner that he had soiled himself, police said.
David S. Pollack, 36, of Old Huckleberry Road, was charged with disorderly conduct, police said. Pollack had pushed the upset homeowner out of the way as he made his way to the shower, police said.
The homeowner, who had been in Florida, returned to find the man, who he didn't know and wasn't supposed to be there, wandering in an apartment in the residence at about 11:30 a.m., police said.
The 41-year-old homeowner rents out a unit in the home as an apartment, Sgt. Kelly Connelly said.
"He said Pollack started rambling how he (defecated) his pants and needed to take a shower," Connelly said. "As he attempted to get into the bathroom, the homeowner was pushed back by him."
The homeowner called police. When officers arrived, Pollack repeated to them what he had told the homeowner, police said.
"He told the officers 'I (defecated) my pants and I have no idea what is going on,' " Connelly said. Police said he appeared to be under the influence of drugs or alcohol and they handcuffed him.
Police contacted the renter, who returned to the residence. He said that he knew Pollack and allowed him to stay the night, police said. But the renter said that when he left for work Wednesday morning he told Pollack to leave, and Pollack said he would go, Connelly said. The renter said it did appear to him that Pollack may have been under the influence, police said.
Police found 26 grams of what is believed to be marijuana at the apartment, but there were no charges lodged in connection with that, Connelly said.
It was the second suspicious incident at the residence in two weeks. A man overdosed on drugs there on April 9, Connelly said. The man survived, she said.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
WASHINGTON — The day before Thanksgiving, President Obama reassured Americans there was “no specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland.” Seven days later came an explosion of gunfire and the deadliest terrorist attack in America since Sept. 11, 2001.
What may be most disturbing is not that Mr. Obama was wrong, but that apparently he was right. By all accounts so far, the government had no concrete intelligence warning of the assault on Wednesday that killed 14 people in San Bernardino, Calif.
Swift, ruthless and deadly, the attack appeared to reflect an evolution of the terrorist threat that Mr. Obama and federal officials have long dreaded: homegrown, self-radicalized individuals operating undetected before striking one of many soft targets that can never be fully protected in a country as sprawling as the United States.
“We have moved to an entirely new phase in the global terrorist threat and in our homeland security efforts,” Jeh Johnson, the secretary of Homeland Security, said in an interview on Saturday. Terrorists have “in effect outsourced attempts to attack our homeland. We've seen this not just here but in other places. This requires a whole new approach, in my view.”
The White House announced that Mr. Obama would address the nation on Sunday at 8 p.m. Eastern time about the nature of the terrorist threat and steps the administration is taking to protect the United States. Mr. Johnson said the government should continue to augment airline security by placing more agents in overseas departure airports and further toughen standards for the visa waiver program that allows visitors from certain friendly nations easy entry into the country. He and other officials said the government needed to reach out even more to Muslim communities to help identify threats that might otherwise escape notice.
Unable to curb the availability of guns at home or extremist propaganda from overseas, the authorities may have to rely more on encouraging Americans to watch one another and report suspicions. Federal and local governments already have programs urging friends, families and neighbors to identify people targeted for recruitment.
The attack may reignite the privacy-versus-security debate about encryption software sold by private-sector providers over government objections. And some administration officials said they needed to escalate efforts to stimulate contrary Muslim voices to counter extremist propaganda by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
“We can work with the private sector to get additional messengers with alternative voices out there,” said Lisa Monaco, the president's counterterrorism adviser. “Frankly, we've got to do a better job of approaching this in a way that allows us to — the phrase has been used — break the brand of ISIL's message.”
The San Bernardino attack has already inflamed the political debate less than two months before the first voting in the 2016 presidential primaries, and it may reshape Mr. Obama's last year in office. While Republican candidates denounced the president, politicians were not the only ones asserting that his administration should shift course.
John D. Cohen, a professor at Rutgers University and a senior Homeland Security Department counterterrorism official until last year, said the administration needed to “wake up” to the threat and change an approach that is “ill-suited to deter these kinds of attacks.”
Alberto M. Fernandez, who until earlier this year led the State Department unit that counters militant propaganda, said, “The administration seems to be really flailing and tone deaf to this latest challenge.” He called the San Bernardino attack “D.I.Y. jihad,” and said it “forces the administration to look at where it does not want to go and is weakest, at jihadist ideology and its dissemination.”
Others, however, cautioned against overreaction, warning that the focus on Muslims could lead to the kind of anger and alienation that creates more potential for terrorist recruitment. Some experts urged officials to keep the danger posed by terrorism in perspective.
The death toll from jihadist terrorism on American soil since the Sept. 11 attacks — 45 people — is about the same as the 48 killed in terrorist attacks motivated by white supremacist and other right-wing extremist ideologies, according to New America, a research organization in Washington.
And both tolls are tiny compared with the tally of conventional murders, more than 200,000 over the same period. But the disproportionate focus they draw in the news media and their effect on public fear demand the attention of any administration.
In his weekly radio and Internet address on Saturday, Mr. Obama warned of the Islamic State's efforts to inspire people in Europe and the United States to carry out attacks.
Research Teaser
A "Grand" River No More: Naming the Colorado
by Alan E. Barkley
archives graduate student assistant
December 2011
The morning of February 18, 1921, found the Honorable Edward T. Taylor speaking to the Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce of the United States House of Representatives. Congressman Taylor had first been elected to represent the State of Colorado thirteen years earlier. His goal that morning was to convince the Committee to pass a resolution on to the full Congress that would officially change the name of a 350-mile stream that flows from its source in Grand County, Colorado, to the border between Colorado and Utah just north of the 39th parallel.
This hearing transcript documents Congressman Taylor's efforts to change the name of the Grand River to the Colorado River. His successful efforts officially extended the Colorado River from its mouth at the Gulf of California up to its source in Grand County, Colorado. What drove Congressman Taylor to pursue such an action?
Taylor argued that the U.S. Senate named the Territory of Colorado "for the reason that the Colorado River arose in its mountains, and there was a peculiar fitness in the name" (p. 7). However, the stretch of the Colorado River which flows within the Territory and later State of Colorado (see 1913 map) was called the Grand River, which Congressman Taylor called "merely an adjective" that "has always seemed an absurd situation" (p. 8). He believed that the majority of the State desired the name change and had worked to get local legislation authorizing the change through the Colorado legislature. His original attempt in the Colorado government failed due to "matters largely aside from the merits of the measure" (p. 9), but the bill had recently been reintroduced to that body and was expected to pass.
There was some opposition to Congressman Taylor's proposal due to geographical characteristics. The Colorado River is the child of the Green and Grand rivers which converge in Utah. The Green River is the longer of those two tributaries, and most geographical conventions would stipulate that the Green should have been renamed the Colorado. Lawmakers from Utah and Wyoming objected to Congressman Taylor's proposal precisely because the Green, which runs through those two states, is the longer tributary. However, Congressman Taylor argued that because the Grand River provides a significantly larger amount of water to the Colorado than does the Green, and because the Grand originates in the State of Colorado, the Grand should be known as the Colorado. He made comparisons to the Missouri and Mississippi rivers to substantiate his point.
The resolution was eventually passed by the House and Senate on July 25, 1921, and the stretch of river that runs from its source in Grand County to the Utah border is now known as the upper stream of the Colorado. Congressman Taylor's petition was the second resolution passed by Congress that officially changed a river name to match the name of its territory of origin. The precedent was set in 1852 when Congress renamed the St. Peters River as the Minnesota River. Having such a precedent certainly influenced the Committee's decision in this case as well. The success of Congressman Taylor's petition represents both a deviation from normal geographic conventions and a triumph for Colorado over interstate competition.
Discover more:
Aldon Smith Soon To Be Reinstated?
Aldon Smith says he's ready to play football again and believes he has met the requirements of his year-long banishment from the NFL. Nevertheless, it's been over a month since he was deemed eligible for reinstatement and the public hasn't been offered even a morsel of meaningful information as to the direction Smith's situation is headed.
That may have changed on Sunday night.
Shortly after the game in San Diego, Smith appears to have made a stealthy appearance on Khalil Mack's live Instagram. The post has come and gone, but more than one of Mack's quick-fingered followers saved what appears to be a message from Smith's verified Instagram feed.
“I'm back.”
More than a few separate screenshots (and by different users) would suggest this isn't an act of Photoshop. The first to bring attention to the shot (to me at least) was @JLK1993 on Twitter.
Maybe it means nothing, particularly considering the source. But assuming the message actually came from the Raiders suspended linebacker (and that's probably a fair presumption), the obvious assumption is that he's talking about reinstatement.
Maybe he's talking about being back in the playoffs, but considering he's still suspended, that wouldn't actually be the case. Another theory is that Smith believes he'll be reinstated after the regular season and with the Raiders now in the playoffs, he knows he will be back.
Your guess is as good as any.
twitter: @raidersbeat
Doctors urged Nobel peace laureate to rest for several weeks after annual checkup, but there are no deatils about the state of his health
Tibet's exiled Buddhist leader, the Dalai Lama, on Sunday remained at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, for evaluation following a medical visit his office said was a routine annual checkup.
The 80-year-old Nobel peace laureate canceled a planned October visit to the US at the advice of doctors following a medical checkup this week, his office said in a statement on Friday.
The statement said doctors had urged him to rest for several weeks, though it gave no indication that he was ill nor details about his state of health.
On Sunday, Mayo spokeswoman Ginger Plumbo confirmed he remained at the clinic for evaluation but said she could offer no further details about his stay.
The Dalai Lama's India-based secretary, Tenzin Taklha, said in an email last week the Dalai Lama was going to the Mayo for an annual medical checkup but was not ill.
The Dalai Lama's checkup came as heads of state and diplomats were gathering for the annual United Nations General Assembly meeting in New York, but he had no plans to meet with any world leaders in conjunction with the session, Taklha said on Thursday.
Chinese president Xi Jinping was due to make his UN debut. China has ruled Tibet since communist troops took over the Himalayan region in 1950 and regards the Dalai Lama as a dangerous separatist.
The Dalai Lama, who fled into exile in India in 1959, has denied claims that he is seeking independence for Tibet, advocating instead for greater autonomy of the region through dialogue with Beijing.
His presence in the US also coincided with the visit of Pope Francis, who met President Barack Obama and addressed the UN on Friday.
Smith College issued a statement on Friday saying the Dalai Lama had canceled scheduled appearances for October there and at two nearby Massachusetts schools, Amherst College and the University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
CNBC reported that the Dalai Lama had also been due to appear next month in Boulder, Colorado, Salt Lake City and Philadelphia.
Anyway... this was my weekend assignment and I'm super happy with how it came out, particularly her eyes ^^ I hope you all like it too <3 Especially CDiscord ^^
All my love!
~FtK
Hi there! Another long overdo commission for CDiscord ^_^ a pinup of Spitfire, with a visible navel of course ^_^ This was an entirely new venture for me, as I created in in Adobe Illustrator, and added quite a bit more line work and shadow/hilights than I normally do with my minimalist style ^_^ Illustrator was much more friendly when it came to creating and editing lines than Flash was, but it still took me a long time to get this done... I'm very particular about my crispness so a lot of lines went through a few revisions ^^
Don't even think about it. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg
This should be the perfect time for a company like Weight Watchers to thrive. The U.S. is still one of the fattest nations on the planet with a third of the country considered dangerously overweight. Global obesity has nearly doubled since 1980, growing into one of the world's most intractable public health crises — and opening a huge market for the weight-loss industry.
Yet Weight Watchers, the 50-year-old diet giant selling a slimmer, fitter America, has never looked so gaunt. The company said Wednesday that its third-quarter revenue had plunged to its lowest point since 2010, extending an unprecedented seven-quarter money-losing streak. Its market value has fallen to $1.1 billion, its lowest point in history.
So what happened? Instead of paying for a subscription to one of Weight Watchers' signature support groups or learning how foods translate into “points,” Americans seeking to shed a few pounds are looking, instead, to free fitness apps on their smartphones, a simple shift that has devastated one of the most iconic names in weight loss.
“We do not believe that free apps will solve the obesity epidemic,” chief executive Jim Chambers said in a call with analysts late last year. But “I see now that the situation we are facing as a business and organization is more difficult than it originally appeared.”
The rise of smartphones opened an entire ecosystem of new apps that could suggest diets, count calories and track progress, undercutting Weight Watchers' longtime business model. And because many are free, they're gobbling up the company's most important audience: trial-minded newbies looking for a change but hesitant to fully commit.
The popularity of free health apps has exploded alongside fitness monitors, like the FitBit, which cost only a one-time fee and offer a simple, visual, social element to exercise in a way Weight Watchers still can't. And Weight Watchers has never been cheap. Duke University researchers said in July that the average Weight Watchers subscriber paid $377 a year and only lost five pounds — in other words, paying about $75 per pound.
“It's a matter of free vs. not free,” said Efraim Levy, an analyst with Standard & Poor's. “There are so many free apps out there to help people lose weight that people are choosing to at least try. … It's really a cost initiative, and that will remain a challenge, and they have to restructure to hope to compete.”
Founded in the early '60s by an overweight New York housewife, Weight Watchers found its claim to fame largely due to its social appeal: support groups of women meeting often to talk diets, and all the reasons they shouldn't cheat. Over the decades, it ballooned into a corporate powerhouse, fueled by a sale in the late '70s to the Heinz food conglomerate, which sold branded frozen meals to dues-paying attendees of the firm's bustling weight-loss classes.
About a million people attend more than 40,000 Weight Watchers meetings every week worldwide, according to an S&P report, and the program remains well-reviewed: The U.S. News & World Report this year ranked it the country's best diet for losing weight.
But Weight Watchers is far from the only player in America's $60 billion weight-management industry. Their competition has expanded beyond longtime rivals like Jenny Craig and Nutrisystem — both with their own sales woes — to larger sophisticated players like Nike seeking to win over a growing fitness-minded clientele.
Half of the company's revenue comes from meeting dues, with the rest tied to online subscriptions and sales of things like snack bars, books and points calculators. But even the packaged parts of Weight Watchers' business model are shrinking, losing out to health-conscious eaters opting more for fresh foods. The market share for Weight Watchers' frozen-ready meals has fallen to its lowest level since 2005, beaten handily by Stouffer's, Lean Cuisine and Healthy Choice, data from market research firm Euromonitor show.
Weight Watchers has tried to change with the times. They launched a mobile app with a barcode scanner, food log and meeting finder, announced partnerships with fitness trackers and, this month, unveiled a few upgrades to better match the iPhone's new health and fitness suite. Earlier this year, the company spent an undisclosed sum to buy Wello, a Silicon Valley startup offering streaming video of fitness classes.
But other campaigns have done little to fatten their business. The number of subscribers to WeightWatchers.com, their online plan, dropped about 7 percent last year, and a big push to appeal to both genders has mostly floundered; only 18 percent of today's online users are men. The company is working to win over corporate America by installing company-wide fitness plans, but even those membership numbers remain slim.
“They've signed up some bigger companies, but even if you're an employer with 100,000 employees, the number of people signing up will be … a drop in the bucket,” said Kurt Frederick, an analyst with Wedbush Securities. “They need a lot of big companies to make a big swing in that mix. And they haven't gotten to the point where its a big piece of the business.”
Every quarter of this year is expected to see double-digit sales decreases over the year before, a losing streak the company didn't even see during the Great Recession. Investors have also lost confidence the company can turn it around: Shares today are selling 65 percent below their 2011 peak. And there's little optimism about future prospects: JPMorgan analysts wrote this summer that 2015 looks like “another difficult year.”
As the crucial New Year's diet season nears, the company said it's trying hard to engineer a turnaround. Their big strategy to compete with the app-store diet, they said: The human touch.
“It is our fundamental belief that tools alone, technology alone, food programming alone will never reach the levels of success that are possible when they are combined with human engagement,” said Chambers, the chief executive, in an analyst call in July. “The strength of the Weight Watchers brand is and always will be in the human connections that make a weight-loss journey more successful.”
Found out about League of Legends recently.
Started to love their characters ^^
TAGS: pwart_sfw pwart sfw poisewritik_art pw_art poisewritik pw art poisewritik_drawing pw_drawing drawing artist_poisewritik artist artist_pw commission mammal feral furry cougar yordle league_of_legends league of legends lol female girly feminine male masculine looking_up looking front_view front view open_mouth open mouth opening_mouth opening closed_mouth closed smile smiling smiles tongue_out tongue eyes_closed eyes sit_position sitting position focusing presenting_character presenting character lowering_tail lowering tail tail_down down all_fours all fours on_fours on lick duo two_characters two characters orange_fur white_fur brown_fur purple_fur pink_fur orange white brown purple fur black_eyes black pink_nose pink nose purple_ears brown_ears ears purple_tail fluffy_tail fluffy short_tail long_tail short long short_ears long_ears teeth claws toe_claws toe paw_claws paw 4 toes 4_toes markings spots cute sweet charming nice beautiful cool seductive happy positive stripes 2017 video_game video game games video_games size_difference size difference fan_character fan signature signed watermark larger_female larger smaller smaller_male hi_res high_resolution high_quality quality simple_background simple background bg pin_up pin-up pinup pin portrait digital_artwork digital_media media digital_drawing digital_art
Analysis: West should prepare for chemical attacks by the Islamic State
October 23, 2017 by Joseph Fitsanakis
A German newspaper reported last week that at least one European intelligence agency has already warned that the Islamic State is exploring the use of chemicals for attacks in Europe. Such an eventuality would be a radical departure from prior attacks by the Islamic State in the West. In the past, the militant group has shown a strong preference for low-tech means of dispensing violence, such as firearms, vehicles and knives. But it has utilized chemical substances in Iraq and Syria, and its technical experts have amassed significant knowledge about weaponized chemicals.
Last week, several European and American counter-terrorism experts participated in a bioterrorism preparedness exercise in Berlin. Codenamed WUNDERBAUM, the exercise was one of several anti-terrorism drills that have taken place in the German capital this year alone. But last week's drill was the first with an exclusive focus on preparing for a bioterrorist attack. German authorities insisted that the drill was not sparked by concrete intelligence of a pending biological or chemical attack. But the Berlin-based national newspaper Die Welt claimed on Friday that it had information about at least one such warning by a European intelligence agency. The paper did not name the agency, but said that “a foreign intelligence agency” had warned European security authorities of a possible terrorist attack by the Islamic State using chemical weapons. According to Die Welt, the warning was “explicit” and cautioned that the Sunni militant group may be preparing to use improvised bombs utilizing chemicals, including toxic gasses. The warning was communicated to European intelligence agencies, including Germany's said Die Welt.
How likely is such a scenario? Terrorist groups tend to be conservative in their use of lethal technologies. They typically opt for time-tested methods using explosives or firearms, because these have a higher of success in comparison to more sophisticated, hi-tech weapons. The latter are also more expensive to build and require scientific and technical capabilities that are not typically available to terrorist organizations. Militants are usually strapped for cash, and are not science-savvy, so exceptions to this general trend are rare. But the Islamic State is different. Ever since it made its eventful appearance in 2013, the group has experimented with a variety of chemicals, including nerve agents. It is known that it initiated a modest chemical weapons program, headed by Iraqi engineers who were trained under Iraq's late ruler, Saddam Hussein. One of them, Abu Malik, was killed in an American airstrike in early 2015. Another, Sleiman Daoud al-Afari, who headed the Islamic State's chemical weapons program, was captured by US Special Forces in northern Iraq in March of last year.
The Islamic State's rapid loss of territory in the past year has delivered serious blows to the group's military infrastructure. Its chemical weapons program, which was targeted early on by the US, Iran and other belligerents, is now almost certainly defunct. But many of its engineers and technical experts are still at large, as are those who were trained by them during the group's heyday in Iraq and Syria. Despite its continuing retreat, the Islamic State is still capable of employing chemicals that are relatively easy to procure, such as chlorine, hydrogen sulfide, or even various fertilizers, to construct explosives or nerve agents. Last summer, members of a terrorist cell with connections to the Islamic State were arrested in Sydney, Australia. By the time they were arrested, they had already procured significant quantities of hydrogen sulfide and had even tested the chemical, in an apparent preparation for a large-scale attack.
The Australian case shows that the Islamic State is not averse to the tactical use of chemical weapons in terrorist attacks. As the militant group's self-proclaimed caliphate is disintegrating, and its leaders feel like they have nothing left to lose, the deployment of unconventional terrorist technologies should not be excluded as a tactical option for the organization. Western counter-terrorism officials should actively and immediately prepare for such an eventuality.
► Author: Joseph Fitsanakis | Date: 23 October 2017 | Permalink
► About the author: Dr. Joseph Fitsanakis is Associate Professor in the Intelligence and National Security Studies program at Coastal Carolina University. Before joining Coastal, Dr. Fitsanakis built the Security and Intelligence Studies program at King University, where he also directed the King Institute for Security and Intelligence Studies. He is also deputy director of the European Intelligence Academy and senior editor at intelNews.org.
Advertisements
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says new marijuana legislation should be ready by summer, but his government is not considering the legalization of any other drugs.
Trudeau made the comments at CFB Esquimalt, where he kicked off a two-day trip to Victoria and Vancouver, emphasizing that people need to follow existing drug laws until the new ones are announced.
"Until we have a framework to control and regulate marijuana, the current laws apply," he said.
Trudeau and Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan joined dozens of sailors on a five-kilometre run to start the day, before touring the naval base near Victoria.
In the afternoon he was to meet with Victoria Mayor Lisa Helps, who said she will again note the region's opposition to the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion.
"This government has made up its mind on Kinder Morgan," Helps told CBC News. "Having said that, there are very active efforts, particularly led by First Nations, that are trying to stop the pipeline."
Traffic disruptions are expected in Victoria along Pandora Avenue between Government Street and Douglas Street during the prime minister's visit and Victoria City Hall will be closed in the afternoon.
Meeting with Clark in Vancouver
Trudeau flew to Vancouver later Thursday to meet with Premier Christy Clark to discuss the opioid crisis and softwood lumber.
On Friday, he'll stay in Vancouver to have a first-hand look at the city's opioid drug crisis, in a roundtable discussion with first responders and health care professionals closed to the public.
B.C. Health Minister Terry Lake said he would also like to meet with the prime minister to discuss the drug crisis.
"There are people working on the front lines that will be very happy to see Canada's prime minister first-hand taking a look at this public health crisis that we've got in B.C," Lake told reporters Wednesday.
​
0
prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /
Both Brian Orndorf and Matt Goldberg reviewed “Max Payne.” Brian's is first, followed by Matt's. Both didn't like it.
Max Payne review by Brian Orndorf
85 minutes long, rated PG-13, released by Fox, directed by John Moore, and a screenplay based on a video game. That's a recipe for disaster, and “Max Payne” is more than happy to fulfill its destiny as a noxious actioner devoid of humanity, elementary cinematic language, and thespian nuance. Once again the game world collides with the multiplex, and once again I question the point of taking an interactive experience and turning it into a conventional feature film, omitting the specificity that made the property viable in the first place.
Mourning his dead wife and baby, detective Max Payne (Mark Wahlberg) has spent the last three years hunting the killers who tore apart his idyllic life. After a chance meeting with a Russian prostitute (Olga Kurylenko), a clue is left behind by her gruesome death, leading Max closer to an energy drug that produces hallucinogenic visions of demons, the possible motive behind the slaughter of his family. Finding little help from former colleagues (Beau Bridges) and police officers (Chris “Ludacris” Bridges), Max forms an alliance with assassin Mona Sax (Mila Kunis), and the two set out to uncover the mastermind behind a recent rash of murders, possibly leading to the solution of Payne's case.
What John Moore brings to the artistic table is visual fetishism. After “Behind Enemy Lines,” “Flight of the prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" / Phoenix ,” and “The Omen” remake, Moore has proven himself a meticulous screen stylist, preferring a glossy moment of violence over anything resembling a legitimate emotional reaction. A former commercial director, Moore hasn't bothered to warm up his touch over the years, leaving “Payne” a soulless exercise in empty calorie filmmaking; the background lighting and set design continually take precedence over the actors and ultimately whatever story manages to survive the creative malnourishment.
Moore treats “Payne” as another polished cinematographic playing field, imagining a world where the snow never stops falling (a noticeable continuity nightmare), the locations are ripe with noirish lighting, and the streets are guarded by psychological demons of the night. Moore demonstrates outstanding control over his environments, but holds no fundamental storytelling instincts, spending all of his time perfecting the shots while an entire film leisurely strolls past him with almost nothing to do but stand around and look confused. Moore fumbles “Payne” immediately, excessively clowning around with hackneyed camera and post-production technology, leading to a full mummification of the picture from the surplus of strained gimmickry.
I've only played the “Payne” video game once, and while it satisfied my home console blood thirst temporarily, it certainly didn't scream out for a feature-length film adaptation. Screenwriter Beau Thorne is hopelessly lost trying to dream up a furious, elongated road for Payne, instead falling back on the most eye-rolling scripting clichés to pass time between the action beats Moore works himself into a lather to cover. Corporate conspiracies? Deceptive friendships? Gorgeous 90-pound female professional killers? Surely there could be more to the “Payne” universe than scraps from the “CSI: Miami ” reject pile. Thorne barely eeks out a coherent tale of revenge for our hero, forgoing valiant scripting imagination to serve up the same old double-crosses and seedy criminal underworlds.
It should come as no surprise that Moore is terrible with actors as well, ignoring their needs to feed his own plastic precision. The cast is a fairly strange assortment of faces, with Chris O'Donnell, Donal Logue, and Nelly Furtado completing a miscasting arc that includes Kunis, Ludacris, and ultimately Wahlberg. Doing his now infamous tough-guy stance, Wahlberg sleepwalks through “Payne,” effectively erasing the reputable work that actor has been putting forth recently. It's tough to fault Wahlberg for his blank stare, since he's competing with Moore and his slackjawed lust for pointless slow-motion, shattering glass, and sexualized bullet discharges.
Coming on the heels of last year's woeful “Hitman” adaptation (oddly, also starring Kurylenko), “Max Payne” further dents the questionable concept of the big screen video game celebration. Here's the ultimate question: would you rather play out the violent wrath of Max Payne or watch some lousy filmmakers turn the world into mounds of formulaic drivel?
—- D
Max Payne review by Matt Goldberg
“Max Payne” is one of the year's worst films but at least it manages to be so bad it's good. It's a shame that the film is unaware of its own stupidity because at least that way, it could share in the fun rather than just be the subject of mockery for the audience. “Max Payne” is deadly serious all the way through and the more it tries to maintain its earnestness, the more laughable and ridiculous the set pieces become.
Based off the popular videogame, “Max Payne” is a film-noir-cum-action flick that follows detective Max Payne on his quest to find out who murdered his wife and infant daughter. Unlike the videogame where Max is a DEA agent hunting down users and trying to find the connection between his family's death and the vials of a drug called “Valkyr” in their house, here he's in the Cold Case office and in his off hours, does detective work and apparently does it badly since his first break in the case comes when his old partner Alex (Donal Logue) finds a connection between a recently murdered drug addict, Natasha (Olga Kurylenko, thankfully not getting naked like she did in her last videogame movie, “Hitman), and Max's dead wife. But before his partner can simply tell Max “Hey buddy, saw that there were similar slash wounds on your wife's body and there's a similar tattoo”, Alex gets offed in Max's apartment. So while these bodies pile up and Max is framed for Natasha's murder (but not arrested), more and more people seem to hate Max, from his fellow cops to Natasha's sister Mona Sax (Mila Kunis). Max's reaction to all of these events: indifference with maybe an occasional tough guy punch or two.
Through its first act, “Max Payne” is a by-the-numbers film noir. It's not necessarily bad, it's just bland. But as the first act winds to a close, director John Moore decided that it was time to unleash an unending torrent of action, regardless of sense or appropriate pacing. From this point, the film can best be described by the following graph:
With the heavy reliance on action, everything else gets left behind. Mona is looking for her sister's killer, but if you asked me to describe Mona's character, I couldn't do it. She's 2P to Max's 1P and she provides nothing more than a little backup firepower. Then there's Chris ‘Ludacris' Bridges who is equally nebulous as an Internal Affairs detective who is investigating Max but then realizes Max is the innocent and naturally comes to his defense against the real bad guys.
The real bad guys being…a pharmaceutical company. The Aesir Corporation secretly manufactures Valkyr which is the least appealing drug ever. It's high in demand and highly addictive and all it does is make you hallucinate that winged demons are coming to kill you. Boy, who wouldn't want a hit of that. Going against Aesir is no easy task due to their Chief of Security (Beau Bridges as Max's former mentor and obviously the real bad guy) and his SWAT team. Yes, in the world of “Max Payne”, pharmaceutical companies have their own SWAT teams who are authorized to shoot up the office like a motherfucker if they deem it necessary. They also have access to C-4 because, obviously, drug companies would have need of C-4 at some point.
But Valkyr does have one minor benefit. If you're lucky and in the rare 1% of the population, Valkyr actually does what it was originally intended to do: make you invulnerable and fearless. Basically, Aesir was trying to develop an invincibility star. And surprise, surprise, Max is part of the one percent. When he finally down a coule vials of Valkyr, it reminded of when Karl Urban goes into FPS mode in “Doom” but still taking itself way too seriously. It's hard to see your leading man as an action hero when he's simultaneously tripping balls. Judging by Jack Lupino (Amaury Nolasco), the only other character to not have a “bad” reaction to the drug, other side effects include standing on top of tall buildings to passively survey events and sporting a menacing glare.
Even more embarrassing is that even though the film gets progressively dumber as the action heats up, the action isn't any good. It's slo-mo and a little bit of bullet-time. There's nothing here that you haven't seen before except when the film manages to reach a new low. My personal favorite moment was when Max leaps backwards and fires his shot gun behind him (because who can't wield a shotgun in mid-air?) and Moore uses the slo-mo to such an extreme that you have time to get up, use the bathroom, get some food from the concession stand, see another movie, and come back and find that the gunshot is still happening.
Throw “Max Payne” in the horrible videogame movie pile (I say this as if there's a good or even passable videogame movie pile) and put it near the top. I'm not sure what attracted anyone to this project but if there was ever anything redeeming in “Max Payne” it was clearly excised. In its place is a film that muddles around in uninteresting noir before becoming a balls-to-the-wall action flick that just gets funnier and funnier.
(F)
After a first few weeks best remembered for accusations about intrigue with Russia, gobsmacking presidential tweets about President Barack Obama and West Wing palace intrigue, the general impression is that the Trump administration has done little but generate controversy.
But what just happened at the southern border is a success — and it's solely the work of President Trump.
Though it received relatively little attention, a report from US Customs and Border Protection that noted a 40 percent decline in apprehensions of people illegally crossing into the country from Mexico shouldn't be ignored. It was the lowest number in February in five years.
More important, it was the first time since the feds starting keeping these numbers in 2000 that there was a decrease in those caught in February.
What could account for such a marked decline? The answer is obvious. Mexicans and other Central Americans who seek to enter the United States illegally are aware of the election results. The inauguration of the man who not only said he would beef up border security while building a wall but also vowed to deport illegal immigrants in greater numbers than ever before was noted by potential migrants.
Rather than face the dangers of an already perilous venture with an even worse chance of being able to stay, it appears many decided not to try.
This is more than just speculation derived from statistics. The New York Times reported that interviews with those in shelters just across the border revealed many would-be migrants have decided sneaking into the United States isn't worth the gamble, and “100 percent” say the reason is Trump.
Many Central Americans there are either going back home or have surrendered to Mexican authorities. The same tale is told at shelters for illegal immigrants inside the United States that are usually full but now sit relatively empty.
American politicians have been trying to deter illegal immigration for decades. But, aside from downturns in the US economy, nothing has worked as well as Trump's harsh talk about a wall and deportations.
This should teach both Trump and his critics some important lessons.
Trump was scorned for what many considered, not without reason, absurd chest-thumping about a wall that Mexico will never pay for and for promoting the fantastical notion that 11 million people could be rounded up. But it's time for even those who deplored his stands to admit they had a salutary impact on those who illegally immigrate into the United States.
For decades, migrants have continued to come here secure in the notion that they have a fair chance of evading border security and that, once inside the country, the odds favor their being able to stay. They were provided further incentive when, in recent years, Obama and even some Republicans championed plans that would, in one form or another, grant them legal status.
But Trump's belligerent rhetoric changed all that. It doesn't matter that it's entirely possible that he might eventually change his mind about all of this and perhaps even grant legal status to the so-called Dreamers who came here as children. What matters is that the world knows Americans elected a president who thinks immigration is a priority issue and that he's prepared to take action to stem the flow of illegal immigrants.
Even if you disagree about whether their presence is a problem, you have to admit his words have done more to stop illegal immigration than those of any of his predecessors.
But there's also a lesson here for the president.
Trump may think he can tweet with impunity and, as with his assertion that Obama specifically ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower, then try to ignore the furor he created once his charge is debunked. He may have even conditioned us to automatically assume what he says is always for momentary political advantage or entertainment value rather than the truth.
Trump will never act in the way presidents are traditionally supposed to behave, but those migrants voting with their feet should teach him the immense power of his words.
If he can learn to focus that power on his objectives rather than giving his enemies ammunition and wasting so much of it on foolish grudges and venting spleen at critics, he might achieve more successes like the one at the border.
Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor at JNS.org.
Education, undoubtedly forms an important part of everyone's upbringing. While our schools and colleges have more or less made sure we get a holistic understanding of our lessons, many of these concepts that were foisted upon us in class actually boggled our minds. This was in spite of our teachers' efforts to simplify and make us understand the lessons better. But it seems, a Mumbai University textbook reportedly took ‘simplification of concepts' a tad too far and had a rather unusual explanation of ‘Artificial Intelligence'.
Advertising
For the uninitiated, artificial intelligence is the development of computers and similar systems to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence. This includes voice and speech recognition, visual perception, decision making, etc.
ALSO READ | Twitterati trolls Rajdeep Sardesai's ‘interview of the decade' with Sonia Gandhi
But if s1ddh4nt — a Reddit user — is to be believed, then this is probably how the concept has been explained to students at the university:
“Now think a result to the abstract problem: The path from Thane to Nashik to Ahmad Nagar to Kopargaon to Vinchur. This abstract solution matches to a large number of more elaborate paths. For example, we could drink beer between Nashik and Ahamad Nagar, and then smoke pot for the rest of the trip, although this may add to the distance, since we forgot where we were going, but didn't care anyhow.”
Advertising
While indianexpress.com could not independently verify the existence of the said book, if it's true, there is no denying that it's one out-of-the-box way to teach kids!
The U.S. anticipates a “very serious conversation” with China in the near future following reports of the Asian power's apparently increasing military presence in the South China Sea, Secretary of State John Kerry said Wednesday.
“When President Xi was here in Washington, he stood in the Rose Garden with President Obama and said China will not militarize in the South China Sea,” Kerry told reporters during a press interaction. “But there is every evidence every day that there has been an increase of militarization of one kind or another.”
Kerry was responding to earlier reports that batteries of surface-to-air missile launchers were observed on one of the islands China controls in the region. Satellite images indicate the apparent missile buildup took place within the past two weeks at Woody Island — part of the contested Paracel chain — which is also claimed by Taiwan and Vietnam.
China has repeatedly defended its claim to the majority of the South China Sea as its sovereign territory, with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi reiterating on Wednesday that the country's “limited and necessary self-defense facilities” on the region's islands are justified by “the right to self-protection that China is entitled to under international law.”
The Chinese Defense Ministry further dismissed reports of the missile deployment as “hype,” according to Reuters.
The U.S. has joined Southeast Asian countries like Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia and Brunei — many of whom President Obama hosted at a summit this week — in condemning China's military posturing in the purportedly international waters that serve as a major trade route. White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Wednesday that the U.S. would continue to “fly, sail and operate anywhere that international law allows,” justifying its frequent naval presence in the region that the Chinese government has deemed a provocation in the past.
Write to Rishi Iyengar at rishi.iyengar@timeasia.com.
EU Opens Itself Up To Massive Innovation-Hindering Patent Trolling
from the a-big-step-backwards dept
Software patents: There's been growing support in the US to finally recognize that broad patents that cover software on general purpose computers are a problem, and that something needs to be done about it. Europe, for the most part, has had much more limiting rules concerning software patents -- but less so in Germany. The new unitary patent system will more or less default to the German setup, in which software patents are much more possible. And, as we discovered in the US following the State Street decision in 1998, when you suddenly clarify that an entire area is patentable after people long believed it was not, you leave open a huge space for trolls to rush in and patent everything under the sun to be used against companies which actually innovate. A patent specific court: This part may be even worse. Despite the clear evidence that the US's decision to set up a single appeals court for handling patent appeals resulted in a form of judicial capture leading to a massive expansion of patentable subject matter (and, along with it, the number of patents granted and the number of bogus patent trolling cases), the EU has decided that as part of the Unitary Patent, it will also set up a "specialist" court for dealing with patent disputes. The thinking here may appear to make sense on the surface: patent disputes can get technical quickly, and you worry about judges having little technical understanding. However, as we've seen quite clearly with CAFC, having a patent-specific court means having judges who deal an awful lot with patent lawyers, but rarely deal with actual innovators. The end result is that they often believe that the patent system works fine, and are happy to expand it (which also helps job security).
Ah, Europe. After years (decades!) of arguing about it, the EU Parliament has finally approved a unitary patent system -- in which inventors will be able to file for a single patent across much of Europe. There are good reasons to want to do this, rather than having a fragmented system which required getting multiple patents in so many different places, having a single system could be a lot more efficient. But, of course, the devil is in the details and the details here are bad . There are two major concerns, both of which should have been easily avoidable because the EU can look at the absolute mess in the US. Instead, they seem to have decided to head in the exact direction of the US's mess.The two key issues:Of course, that doesn't even mention the fact that the new system will make patents a lot cheaper to get, meaning that there will be a lot more patent applications filed. Combine it all and you have a recipe not for increasing innovation, but for the opposite: massively increasing patent trolling and patent litigation that is a clear deadweight loss to society, innovation and economic growth. It's a bad, bad move for Europe. Rather than strike out on a clear path for open innovation, they're following the US's footsteps, despite all of the evidence that the path leads over a cliff, rather than towards some wonderful innovation nirvana.
Filed Under: eu, eu parliament, europe, patent trolls, patents, software patents
The MacBook Air's integrated graphics all but rule it out as a serious gaming machine. However, Larry Gadea at the Tech Inferno forums has found a way to make the Air a powerhouse through an ad hoc external GPU. His design mates a PCI Express video card to the Mac's Thunderbolt port through a combination of two adapters, a Boot Camp installation of Windows 7 and third-party software. The performance improvement is appropriately dramatic, leading to frame rates up to seven times faster than what Intel's HD 5000 can manage. Just don't expect to buy a pre-assembled version anytime soon -- the peripheral needs a desktop-class power supply just to run, and Intel won't issue the licenses needed to commercialize Thunderbolt GPUs. If you're absolutely determined to get a Crysis-worthy ultraportable, though, you'll find Gadea's instructions at the source link.
WASHINGTON — Despite his controversial comments about Mexican immigrants, GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is the favorite among Latino Republicans, according to new polling results revealed to The Post.
Thirty eight percent favor Trump, followed by Cuban American Ted Cruz (15 percent), Jeb Bush (14 percent) and Cuban American Marco Rubio (8 percent), according to the national poll conducted by the Beck Research for the American Federation for Children.
“If you're trying to stop Trump – this poll should trouble you,” said pollster Deborah Beck.
From Day 1 of his presidential campaign, Trump got into hot water with Hispanic organizations for asserting many Mexican immigrants are rapists, criminals and drug dealers. His campaign has since gained steam for his tough talk on building a border wall and making Mexico pay for it and implementing a temporary ban on all Muslims from entering the United States.
“This poll finds that he's building a committed base of voters. Trump is proving to be Teflon, and despite his statements about Hispanic voters, 38 percent of Hispanic Republicans back him,” said Beck, president of Beck Research LLC.
The poll also found that GOP millennials are most drawn to Trump and Dr. Ben Carson (at 25 percent a piece).
On the Democratic side, Bernie Sanders is crushing it with young voters (64 percent) to Hillary Clinton's 29 percent support among millennials. But the former Secretary of State is more popular among Hispanic Democrats – 52 percent compared to Sanders' 38 percent support.
The poll was conducted Jan. 19-24 and surveyed 1,100 likely voters. The survey of general election voters was conducted to survey school choice, and found 70 percent of Americans favor it, with even stronger support for education options among Hispanics and young people.
PARIS (Reuters) - Francois Hollande's election as French president was greeted by jitters on European markets and a dour front in Berlin where ruling conservatives warned the Socialist on Monday that Germans were not ready to pay for his promises of an end to austerity.
With investors spooked by Greek voters' rejection of parties which slashed budgets to secure an EU/IMF bailout, festivities in Paris after Hollande defeated centre-right incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy on Sunday soon gave way to a grim sense of getting down to the business of dealing with Europe's deep economic crisis.
Hollande spent the day closeted with aides who said they reviewed how he may pitch “the priority for growth in Europe” to Chancellor Angela Merkel. They will meet for the first time next week in Berlin to relaunch the Franco-German partnership that lies at the heart of the European Union and the euro currency.
“I must prepare myself,” said Hollande, who has never been a minister and is little known outside France. “I said that I was ready and now I must make sure I am, completely.”
His campaign chief Pierre Moscovici said the president-elect discussed how to present his plan to pull troops out of Afghanistan this year, as well as the economic growth strategy.
A promise of a welcome with “open arms” in Berlin could not conceal unease among Merkel's Christian Democrats about what Hollande's centre-left campaign pledges of growth and state spending mean for efforts to contain deficits in a euro zone that is struggling to compete in a world of new economic powers.
“Germany is not here to finance French election promises,” said Merkel's parliamentary party leader Volker Kauder.
Hollande's chief economic adviser insisted he was not about to simply “hand out money” and planned to balance the books.
OBAMA INVITE
Moscovici would not discuss what demands and compromises Hollande could offer Merkel on May 16, saying only that both parties were conscious of the need to find common ground.
Like other leaders in southern Europe, Hollande argues that cutting state deficits too hard and too fast may choke growth so far it makes the debt crisis even worse. Merkel repeated she would not renegotiate an EU pact on fiscal discipline, though she signaled some tactical shifts may be possible.
“We are in the middle of a debate to which France, of course, under its new president will bring its own emphasis,” she said. “But we are talking about two sides of the same coin - progress is only achievable via solid finances plus growth.”
With other world powers also anxious that a prolonged slump in Europe does not drag down their own economies, and allies and adversaries eager to learn how Europe's second biggest economy and major military and diplomatic force will be run, Hollande is in demand, even before he formally replaces Sarkozy on May 15.
President Barack Obama invited him to meet in Washington before a NATO summit in Chicago on May 20. Hollande, who won a convincing 51.6 percent of the vote against Sarkozy, will also attend a summit of G8 leaders near Washington on May 18-19.
LIMITED OPTIONS
He must finalize his team of ministers by next week, as the pressure of nervous financial markets cuts short any hopes of a lengthy honeymoon in office. Polls make his Socialists and their allies favorites to replace Sarkozy's centre-right bloc as the majority in parliament at elections on June 10 and 17.
“Hollande has little room for maneuver. The goal has been fixed - reducing the deficit to overcome the debt crisis,” said BNP Paribas analyst Bertrand Lamielle. “His room for maneuver is about how to do it, so we are waiting to see which measures he announces in his first political speech.”
While Greece plunged into turmoil after the vote left a question mark over the country's future in the euro zone, France was calm, partly due to a public holiday on Tuesday.
Standard & Poor's, which cut France's triple-A rating in January, said Hollande's win did not impact Paris's creditworthiness although it would scrutinize his policy choices. There was at least a one-in-three chance of a cut to France's long-term rating within two years, it said.
Hollande - who will be the first Socialist president in 17 years - was deep in discussions all morning with aides Moscovici and Manuel Valls. The three were briefly joined by Jerome Cahuzac, who is tipped as a likely budget minister.
Hollande is widely expected to name Jean-Marc Ayrault, a German-speaking moderate who is Socialists' parliamentary leader, as prime minister and mix trusted older hands with younger talent when he unveils his cabinet next week.
Sarkozy's office said Hollande would be sworn in on May 15 and, in a gracious gesture, the outgoing leader invited the president-elect to join him at an annual ceremony on Tuesday, a national holiday, to commemorate the end of World War Two.
France's newly-elected President Francois Hollande waves from a balcony at his campaign headquarters in Paris May 7, 2012, the day after his election. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Hollande overcame an aggressive campaign by Sarkozy, who veered to the right in a chase for the votes of the nearly one in five electors who supported far-right anti-immigration candidate Marine Le Pen in the first round of the ballot.
Hollande, 57, was buoyed by the same tide of anger over the economic crisis that has felled 10 other European leaders and derailed Sarkozy's 2007 campaign promise to slash unemployment.
BALCONY APPEARANCE
But economists say he too will have to take early measures to rein in public spending and keep markets at bay, potentially disappointing his supporters.
Welfare spending swallows 28 percent of national income - more than any other rich, OECD country - and growth has averaged only 1.6 percent over the past 20 years, raising concerns over the sustainability of public finances as the population ages.
Hollande's aides say he will be a closet reformer, aided by backing from the left. But some commentators have bemoaned a dearth of structural reform proposals. And past attempts to reform the country's generous social model have triggered furious street protests that have thwarted change.
Monday's newspapers featured a beaming Hollande, arms outstretched, on their front pages. Left-leaning daily Liberation ran the headline “Normal!” a reference to the new president's homely image as a man of the people.
Hollande briefly appeared at the balcony of his campaign headquarters to wave at wellwishers gathered below, but devoted the bulk of the day to work as the turmoil in Greece sent the euro tumbling to a 3-month low with the dollar.
French stocks were firmer, however, and the risk premium investors charge for holding French 10-year bonds rather than safe-haven German Bunds was broadly unchanged at 120 basis points. It hit a high of 191 bps last November amid fears of a euro zone credit crunch.
“Hollande's victory has already been priced in by markets, however his promises made during the campaign have not been priced in, so there is risk on the downside if he stands his ground when he announces a first set of measures,” said fund manager Christian Jimenez at Diamant Bleu Gestion in Paris.
“The words ‘grace period' do not apply to the situation. That's the reality,” said Michel Sapin, a former finance minister widely tipped to return to that job under Hollande, whom has been advising on economic affairs. “Nobody expects that we simply arrive in power and hand out money,” Sapin said.
Hollande promises a zero deficit by 2017, a year later than Sarkozy promised, but analysts believe an over-inflated growth outlook makes both goals unrealistic without spending cuts. Economists say Hollande must quickly outline his domestic plans, likely to centre on a tax reform, and revise growth targets.
Slideshow (19 Images)
His plans to tweak a reform that raised the retirement age to 62 and increase the minimum wage are unsettling investors who fear France could drift away from the club of trusted northern European borrowers and towards the debt-laden periphery.
The rest of his cabinet is likely to feature veterans like Laurent Fabius, a prime minister under President Francois Mitterrand, along with younger faces and women.
Madonna performs onstage during the 2015 iHeartRadio Music Awards which broadcasted live on NBC from The Shrine Auditorium on March 29, 2015 in Los Angeles, Calif.
Madonna's Rebel Heart tour has only been in Australia a week, but she's getting a lot of attention for her performances.
After being accused of performing drunk or high (allegations she denied and accused of sexism) one night and then starting another concert two hours late, the Queen of Pop exposed a female fan onstage Thursday night in Brisbane.
Madonna Dedicates Song to Son Rocco: 'There Is No Love Stronger Than a Mother for Her Son'
Madonna brought a woman onstage at the Brisbane Entertainment Centre and proceeded to pull her tube top down, exposing her breast to thousands of people.
"She's the kind of girl you just want to slap... on the ass," she said flirtatiously, adding, "And pull..." before yanking the woman's top down.
Madonna Announces Intimate Music, Art and Comedy Club Show for Australian Fans
Madonna went on, "Oh shit. I am so sorry, sexual harassment. You can do the same to me." And then gesturing to her tights, said, "You want to make my hole big again?"
See it here:
DATE: Oct 31, 2012 | BY: Brent McKnight | Category: Sci-Fi
For many of us, the past few days have been spent watching footage of Hurricane Sandy pummeling the Northeast, periodically checking in with friends and loved ones to make sure that they were safe. In the aftermath of the massive storm, news teams are hitting the streets, interviewing everyone they can get their hands on, including one anonymous Star Trek alum.
About 45 seconds into the video of this newscast they talk to a “New York resident” and former cast member of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Nana Visitor (what a great name for an actor who frequently appears in sci-fi productions). They don't point out that she's an actor, that she's a member of the Trek family, and in fact, it doesn't even look like they know who she is. Kids these days.
“It looked like something out of a movie,” Visitor tells the reporter about the storm. And she should know, since she currently has 60 acting credits on her resume, including DS9, Dark Angel, Batttlestar Galactica, and Torchwood, among others.
Does it really matter that no one on a PBS news crew knows who Kira Nerys is, and that no one recognizes Visitor? Should sci-fi fans feel slighted? Not in the slightest. They obviously have bigger things to worry about, like covering what will probably turn out to be the biggest news story of the year, and documenting the continuing human drama of the survivors and the recovery. This is just an interesting footnote to the whole ordeal.
Complaints of syringes and feces rise dramatically in SF
Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Complaints of syringes and feces rise dramatically in SF 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
More and more, it seems, San Franciscans need to watch where they step. And they're not imagining things: There's been an explosion in complaints about needles and feces on the streets and sidewalks.
Reports of improperly discarded syringes have jumped 41 percent since last fiscal year, according to a recent city controller's report. Complaints about feces have increased by 39 percent, with every district seeing a rise in the calls.
And, in a trend that must be disturbing to residents who don't live near the Tenderloin or SoMa, long perceived as epicenters of filth, there were big increases in complaints about the outlying neighborhoods to the city's 311 service portal for fiscal year 2015-16.
Complaints about needles have surged 73 percent in supervisorial District Two — the Marina and Cow Hollow. They were up even more — 77 percent — in District 10, the Bayview. District Four — the Sunset — saw a 58 percent increase. District Six — downtown, the Tenderloin and SoMa — had an increase of 49 percent. There was good news in District Seven — Lake Merced and West of Twin Peaks, which saw a decline of 39 percent.
The numbers on feces told a similar story. In District One — the Richmond — complaints increased 72 percent. The Bayview was hit hard again with an increase of 140 percent. Needle-clean District Seven was up 67 percent, and the Sunset jumped 96 percent. District Six had a relatively modest increase of 29 percent.
Streets are actually cleaner now than last year, with less excess litter, grime and illegal dumping along commercial arteries, the report shows. Twice as many roadways were cleaned of excess litter compared with last year, and there was less broken glass, too. Scores for landscaping also improved. But some complaints continue to skyrocket. The percentage uptick in calls about syringes and feces far surpassed the 25 percent growth rate in all calls to 311.
“There's a lot more people that need services coming to San Francisco,” said Public Works Director Mohammed Nuru, who oversees cleaning of 90 percent of city streets and sidewalks. The department cleans up about 1,000 syringes a month and added two cleaning teams this year to the three it had.
“The city has a huge challenge ahead of us,” Nuru said. “We need to figure out how to deal with these quality-of-life issues. A lot of them are from people who are living on the streets. That's a fact.”
The increase in complaints about needles was actually less than the increase in fiscal year 2014-15, when calls doubled. And data from individual districts illustrate how the hot spots for discarded needles are within Districts Six and Nine.
They included the intersection of Leavenworth Street and Golden Gate Avenue, Minna Street between Seventh and Ninth streets, the area around 14th and Harrison streets, and west of Van Ness Avenue and Mission Street between Market and Otis streets.
The percentage change in those three districts was greater than the city's overall 25 percent increase in calls in all categories, said Luke Fuller, a performance analyst in the city Controller's Office.
“They are unusual in terms of citywide trends,” Fuller said. “Part of it could be because of gentrification, or more people out and about on the streets in those neighborhoods, or simply more homelessness. Problems can migrate in the city from year to year. It could correlate with any of those things.”
District Six continues to top the list with 60,891 of the 413,700 calls the city received, nearly sevenfold more calls than any other district. Since last year, complaints about human waste have risen by 29 percent, from 5,811 to 7,509. Syringe reports are up 49 percent, from 1,106 to 1,653, and broken glass has grown by 43 percent, from 246 to 352, likely because of more awareness of car break-ins.
Supervisor Jane Kim, who represents the district, which has seen the bulk of the city's new developments, said that it has been disproportionately affected by homelessness. She has advocated for increasing the city's Pit Stop program and opening more Navigation Centers — one-stop shops for getting homeless people off the streets, which could help keep biohazardous waste off streets and sidewalks.
“We know that services and shelters for homeless residents have largely been concentrated downtown, and that certainly has had an impact,” she said. “We know the long-term solution: Housing and supportive services will get people off the streets permanently. ... Our residents deserve to walk on clean, safe sidewalks throughout our city.”
Right behind Kim's district was District Nine, with a 37 percent increase in feces complaints from 1,909 to 2,621, 45 percent in syringe calls from 517 to 752 and 32 percent climb in broken glass reports from 190 to 250. Thousands of calls also came from District 10, where complaints about feces jumped 140 percent, and reports of needles grew 77 percent.
“Look, this illustrates that this is a citywide crisis,” said Supervisor David Campos, who represents District Nine, which includes the Mission. “You see complaints growing by 60 to 70 percent in some parts of the city. It's happening everywhere, and I don't feel the city has done enough. The report confirms what we have all been saying for a while now.”
Supervisor Malia Cohen, who represents District 10, called the trends unacceptable, calling on the city to devote more resources to addressing homelessness.
In the meantime, Nuru said crews will continue to push for clean streets on every block.
“My goal is to have the city clean in the morning when people are coming to work or visiting and out and about,” he said. “The city gets that we have a huge challenge ahead of us.”
Lizzie Johnson is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: ljohnson@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @LizzieJohnsonnn
The man Terry Crews accused of sexual assault is back at work and the actor is not about to let him get a pass.
Crew took to Twitter to share the text message he sent his agent after allegedly being sexually assaulted by WME's Adam Venit.
In the text, Crews accuses Venit of being “doped up” and groping him in front of his wife. “I wish I was making this up,” Crews added. “I kept my peace but I ran outta there. This wasn't drunk bro. I know drunk. It was like bath salts or something.”
In his tweet, Crews also expresses shock that WME's co-chairman Ari Emanuel claims he didn't know about the incident until Crews tweeted about it.
Back in October, Crews came forward with his story of assault following the massive revelations about Harvey Weinstein and various men in Hollywood.
The actor added that he understands why many sexual assault victims don't come forward, but hopes to inspire other's to come forward.
Stefan Gates visits the United Nations in Thailand to find out why the eating of insects is being encouraged. From the BBC Four documentary Can Eat Insects Save the World?
Chronic malnourishment is a complex, global issue that has severe consequences for the health of those affected. Scientists are looking at a range of approaches to help super-charge food with better nutrients.
Fortified foods Adding micronutrients to staple foods such as sugar and cereal during processing has been a key way to improve the nutrition of large populations. However, in very poor communities, not everyone will have access to these foods.
Scientists are now developing bio-fortified foods such as Golden Rice, which has been genetically engineered to contain vitamin A. It can be given to people who rely on rice as a staple food and grown locally.
Insects Insects are an incredibly good source of animal protein, fat, vitamin, fibre and mineral content. It is estimated that they already form part of the traditional diets of at least 2 billion people. Thailand, for example, already has 20,000 insect farms. New ways to cultivate and process them could see insects replace birds and mammals as sources of dietary protein.
Although proponents of both young-earth creationism and intelligent design typically show signs of great (and unwarranted) confidence in their viewpoints, when it suits them, some of them will happily say that they are dealing with the same evidence as mainstream science, and it is only their presuppositions (which they assume are correct) and their interpretation (which they assume is equally valid) that differs.
They sound a lot like the viewpoint expressed in this cartoon, which appeared today on the blog Philip K. Dick and Religion:
There are indeed instances where evidence can legitimately be interpreted in more than one way. But there are also instances where all the evidence points consistently in one direction, and when attempts are made to suggest that all interpretations are equally valid, it is not really about interpretation at all, but an attempt to spin the evidence in an attempt at damage control, to try to bolster one's views in spite of evidence to the contrary.
Creationism is standing on the neck of science, and suggesting that science is out to trip it up.
Editor's note: This is the first in a series of posts about state employee pay. Last week, we asked what you want to know about state pay — and you answered with a number of interesting suggestions. In the days and weeks ahead, we'll have reporters following up on as many of your questions as possible. A searchable database of the spreadsheet we received from the state comptroller appears at the bottom of this post.
Employees of the University of Massachusetts earn the most money among all state employees, according to 2013 state salary data released by the Massachusetts comptroller's office. Other public college presidents also topped the state salary list.
The data show that 313 state employees earned more than $200,000 a year in 2013 — and of those, 224 were affiliated with the University of Massachusetts.
Outside of education, police officers and medical professionals are among the highest earners in state government.
The top earner on the state salary list was Michael Collins, the chancellor of UMass Medical School and senior vice president of health sciences, who earned $816,601 in 2013. The second-highest earner was Terence Flotte, dean of UMass Medical School who is also provost and executive deputy chancellor, who earned $730,187.
Mark Shelton, a spokesman for UMass Medical School, said the chancellor's compensation is set by the university president. The salaries of executive leadership, including Flotte, are set based on the salaries for similar jobs at comparable institutions. UMass Medical School aims to set its base salaries so employees fall between the 50th and 75th percentile in the market.
“The university sets salaries based on their view of what's competitive and appropriate for the position and the person and the market,” Shelton said. “We do pay competitive salaries for an academic health science center. We do what we think is really important work, and we pay people appropriately for the good work they do.”
However, university officials point out that unlike many other public employees, UMass faculty are not primarily paid with taxpayer money.
At the medical school in particular, the salaries are not paid exclusively from public money. The state gave the medical school $41 million in 2013, less than 5 percent of the school's total revenue of $939 million. The medical school also writes the state a check each year to cover the future costs of retiree health care and pension benefits for its employees.
“About 5 percent of non-research faculty salaries come from something associated with public payers. The rest is generated from other sources,” Shelton said.
Other top-paid UMass employees include head basketball coach Derek Kellogg ($719,663) and Derek Lovley, a professor of microbiology and associate dean of the College of Natural Resources and the Environment ($703,164).
Daniel Fitzgibbons, a spokesman for UMass Amherst, said 35 percent of Lovley's salary comes from university funds and the rest comes from grant funding that he brings in as a researcher. In 19 years at the school, Lovley has brought in $67.5 million in research funding, Fitzgibbons said. “He's one of the leading microbiologists anywhere right now,” Fitzgibbons said.
Asked about Kellogg's salary, Fitzgibbons said, “Salaries in college athletics are market-driven, and UMass needs to pay competitive rates to attract high-quality coaches who can promote success for their programs.” He said UMass Amherst coaches, compared with other flagship campuses in NCAA Division I, rank at the lower end of the pay scale.
The Republican / MassLive.com previously reported that Kellogg's contract includes a mix of base pay and bonuses and will pay him between $665,000 and over $800,000 a season for two years.
Among other coaches, former UMass head football coach Charley Molnar earned $322,215 in 2013, although he was fired at the end of the year. Records show Molnar has received over $900,000 in pay in 2014, reflecting a buyout of the remaining three years of his contract that was originally estimated at $836,000.
UMass athletic director John McCutcheon earned $264,768. Normand Bazin, head coach for men's ice hockey at UMass Lowell, earned $289,518.
In general, the university establishes salaries in relation to what people at comparable institutions are paid for doing comparable jobs, said Ann Scales, a spokeswoman for UMass. “We feel it's necessary that the salaries be competitive to attract and retain top faculty and staff,” Scales said. In fiscal year 2014, 19 percent of the university budget was state funded.
University and college presidents at all institutions earn high salaries. A recent report by Attorney General Martha Coakley found that presidents' salaries at five of the state's highest paying non-profit universities ranged from around $700,000 to more than $1 million a year.
Among public universities, the state salary data named UMass President Robert Caret as the fifth-highest paid public employee in 2013, earning $653,472. UMass President Emeritus Jack Wilson, who remains a professor and has held a number of other campus roles, earned $266,422.
The presidents of Bridgewater State University, Fitchburg State University, Middlesex Community College, Mount Wachusett Community College, Salem State University and Massachusetts College of Art all earned around $250,000 a year, while a number of other college presidents earned slightly less than that. Ira Rubenzahl, president of Springfield Technical Community College, earned $206,560.
Outside of academics, Chief Medical Examiner Henry Nieds topped the state salary list, earning $260,943 last year.
The only other non-academics to earn more than $250,000 from the state were two police lieutenants: David Wilson ($259,293) and John O'Grady ($258,453). In total, around 50 state police officers — troopers, sergeants, lieutenants and others — cracked $200,000.
In most cases, their base salaries (according to 2014 rates) were between around $90,000 and $130,000. David Procopio, a state police spokesman, said the additional pay is mostly attributable to overtime and paid details.
Overtime is paid by the police department. In 2013, that would have included overtime related to the Boston Marathon bombing investigation, snowstorms and other events. Details are paid for by the company hiring the officers — whether a private construction company or a state agency such as the Department of Transportation.
Detail work in 2013 was paid at a rate of $40 an hour, based on a collective bargaining agreement. Police salaries are also boosted by the Quinn Bill, which raised police salaries for employees with advanced degrees by 10 to 25 percent. (The state cut its funding for the bill in 2010 and the bonus does not apply to the most recent class of police academy graduates.)
Also peppering the list of those earning over $200,000 a year are a number of medical professionals.
Linda Roedder, a nurse for the Department of Developmental Services who used to run nursing services at the Fernald Center, a state mental institution that has closed, earned $243,052 in 2013.
Several physicians at the Department of Public Health and psychiatrists at the Department of Mental Health earned around $230,000. Julie Kaviar, a spokeswoman for the Executive Office of Health and Human Services, said for both departments, the Massachusetts Nursing Association guides the salaries for those positions. A collective bargaining agreement dictates salary placement rules, which are reviewed and approved by Human Resources.
Searchable Database
Use the Department, Employee Name, or Job Title fields to begin your search. The database will return results for partial information in any field — for example, searching the Department field with the term "Transitional" will return all results for the Department of Transitional Assistance.
To see the entire database, leave all fields blank and click Search.
Once the database has returned your results (the browser may reload the page, so you'll need to scroll back down to the bottom of the article), use the drop-down menu at right to sort the data. For example, you can sort names alphabetically, or sort earnings from high to low.
By Adam Perlmutter
An ancient folk song chronicling boating misadventures, “Sloop John B” was transformed into a chamber-pop classic when the Beach Boys recorded the tune and released it on their groundbreaking 1966 album Pet Sounds.
Before then, the song—originally called “The John B. Sails”—had traveled far and wide. It originated in the Bahamas, and the English writer Richard Le Gallienne introduced it to larger audiences when he referenced the “quaint little Nassau ditty” in his 1907 novel Pieces of Eight. He then transcribed the original version's five verses and chorus for the article “Coral Islands and Mangrove-Trees,” which appeared in the December 1916 issue of Harper's Monthly Magazine.
Advertisement
By the late 1920s, the song had become something of a national anthem in Nassau, and the writer and poet Carl Sandburg saw fit to include it in The American Songbag, his 1927 compilation of folk songs. But it wasn't until the late 1950s that popular folk artists began to record it under a handful of alternate titles: “Sloop John B” (Kingston Trio, 1958); “I Want to Go Home” (Johnny Cash, 1959); and, though no such disaster is reported in the lyrics, “Wreck of the John B” (Jimmie Rodgers, 1960).
On Pet Sounds, the Beach Boys transformed the song into a lush pop classic, its woodwind instruments and glockenspiel mingling with more typical rock instruments such as electric guitar and drums. Not only did the Beach Boys' version breathe new life into the old folk song, it—and the rest of Pet Sounds—provided a sonic blueprint for the arrangements of such contemporary indie acts as the High Llamas, the Decemberists and Grizzly Bear.
This arrangement brings back “The John B. Sails” in its original form, stripping the quaint little ditty to its essence, and making it very easy to play. Though the song lends itself to any 4/4 strumming pattern, try using the Calypso-approved strum included here. Or, if you're feeling slightly adventurous, sing the lyrics while playing the basic fingerpicking pattern shown to the right of the strum.
Ahoy, mates!
Comments
My OUYA review unit is stuck in an “update failed” loop, unable to proceed (and unwilling to let me past the gate until it downloads what it hasn't been able to for hours), which makes for only slightly less interesting reading than this story at Venturebeat about someone filming an apparent arrest and scuffle — a “first,” claims the YouTube poster — while wearing Google Glass.
“Tonight, I was testing out the extended video recording option with Google Glass on the Boardwalk of Wildwood, New Jersey,” writes Google Glass citizen-watcher Chris Barrett. “I walked right into the tail end of a fight happening on Jersey Shore boardwalk and filmed the first arrest through the lens of my Google Glass.”
And then: “This video is proof that Google Glass will change citizen journalism forever.”
Barrett, if you click on the link he provides beneath the video, seems to be the founder of PRserve, which bills itself as “PR for startups,” listing clientele like Hootsuite, Treehouse and Pixable. Could his video be some sort of weird PR stunt? Who knows (I wouldn't put anything past most in PR these days) but it doesn't matter. I want to talk about Barrett's claim that Glass “will change citizen journalism forever.”
Let's review: Google Glass includes a 5-megapixel, 720p video camera that sits beside its translucent optical display you glance up at to view information, resting just above your eyes, roughly at eyebrow level. You've probably heard the stories about people using Glass to surreptitiously film others, quietly initiating Glass's camera with a blink, which is only partly true: Someone designed an app that lets you “wink” to secretly snap a picture, bypassing Glass's camera controls, but Glass's native interface requires obvious interaction, including tapping a side-mounted touch panel and giving voice command approval to initiate a snap. Not that that's any reassurance: If Google doesn't somehow lock its camera down, we can probably expect an arsenal of on-the-sly camera-enabling third-party apps down the road (assuming Glass goes anywhere as a product, of course).
Barrett's video may seem a little boring next to TV news's usual ambulance chase: There's some shouting (barely audible over the crowd-noise), someone yells “They're boxing! They're boxing”, someone else drags a person away (unclear if involved in the fight), then Barrett's Glass captures someone apparently flees the scene, pursued by a policeman. (Barrett also ironically films others filming the incident on their smartphones.) The rest of the video is Barrett trying to figure out what's going on, twisting left and right, until the anticlimactic finale: police handcuffing the alleged perp against an outdoor knickknack store wall.
The point seems to be that Glass makes incidents like these film-able in ways prior technology didn't, and if we hadn't been seeing these kinds of videos (with far more disturbing content) appearing daily for years without Glass, I might agree. Citizen journalism had its mobile “spring” long ago. Glass isn't all that different from someone dropping a filming smartphone or hidden cam pen or whatever mobile gizmo from a stable of thousands in their front shirt pocket or up their shirt sleeve and walking around wherever. We keep calling Glass “wearable,” but that term can mean so many things, and it can apply to devices that have been with us for years.
Don't get enamored with the phrase “hiding in plain sight,” either. When I bumped into someone wearing Glass for the first time at Ford's recent Go Further conference, though I didn't assume the person was filming me (I'm sure they cared not a whit about me, in fact), I was hyper-aware that I could be filmed — the presence of Glass in the room changes the dynamic, or at least it did for me, based on the conversation we've been having about its impact on privacy. Would others act differently if they were aware of someone nearby wearing Glass? They seem to mostly ignore Barrett in his video, but then so do people in videos shot with the sort of inconspicuous cameras found in mobile devices like smartphones, whether worn on the face or carried by hand.
Barrett is wrong when he declares Glass will change citizen journalism forever, too enthralled by the hyperbole to see the technology for what it is: another rung on an interminable ladder — another incremental step. If it captures the public's imagination, it'll be notable for having increased the number of devices gobbling up visual information; if it doesn't, it'll be another footnote on the road to toward truly clandestine surveillance.
And what might the latter look like? Bionic camera-eyes indiscernible from actual eyes? That might change citizen journalism (among other things) in the way Barrett means. But we're much too impressed with ourselves and our technology if we think Google Glass is by itself doing something radically different as far as citizen journalism is concerned.
English scholar William Barnes on his reasons for seeking to ‘purify' the English language:
“I am a lingual conservative', and it is therefore that I wish to see a purer, and more self-enriched tongue, instead of being a jargon of four or five others.” – from Gentleman's Quarterly, ‘Formation of the English Language', 1833
I suppose you might call Barnes a ‘lingual nationalist', in that he believed that English people should speak the English language, and that their language was unique, and deserved preservation in its original form, as much as possible.
He campaigned against the tendency, especially among the learned, to use Latinate words or other foreign words, where a good straightforward English word would do. He immersed himself in the various folk-dialects of England, mainly that of Dorset, which he thought was one of the purest, that is, most truly folk-English, dialects, freest from the foreign influences. Though many educated people thought of regional and especially rural dialects as being simply corrupted or ignorant forms of the standard speech, Barnes and others like him recognized that they were a sort of language of their own, and that they were just as valid forms of speech as the language taught in schools, maybe even more so, given the artificial, foreign-influenced modern English.
Interestingly for Americans, some of the older, Anglo-Saxon words and phrases were brought to this country by the first colonists, and persisted here whereas they were replaced in the mother country by Latinate words. The most widely-known example is our word ‘fall‘, for the season of the year we are now entering. Of course standard British English uses the Latin-derived ‘autumn'. The French word is ‘automne‘, so maybe this word entered the English language via Norman French.
In Barnes' own words, quoted in the book, William Barnes, Linguist, by Willis D. Jacobs
I can agree to a great extent with Barnes. Maybe it's a romantic notion, not easy to prove in a ‘scientific' way, but it seems that the language of a folk is a reflection of the soul or spirit of that people, or at least of their collective mind. I don't know that Barnes promoted any such theory, so I'm not attributing that belief to him, but it seems he thought that the folk-speech of the people should be preserved; maybe because it is distinct and peculiar to that people and their way of life.
I think of the English language as being a very rich language, in part because of the Latin/Norman French contribution to the vocabulary, so I am not as inclined to try to ‘cleanse' those influences from the English language, and from a strictly practical point of view, it would be very hard to do that, and I don't think our current cultural Marxist educational system would wish to make the English language more ‘exclusive' and less inclusive. If anything, the educational establishment wants to ‘globalize' and ‘enrich' our language with more ‘diverse' elements.
Still, there's nothing stopping ethnopatriots and ethnonationalists from consciously reviving some of our ancestors' (or, as Barnes would have us call them, our ‘fore-elders‘) words. In fact a good many of those old English phrases or terms, surviving in various dialects, are still in usage, at least in the United States. For example: “outskirts”, for ‘environs' or outlying areas, “neighbourhood” for ‘vicinity', or “upshot” for conclusion. Those examples are from a list of his, quoted in ‘William Barnes, Linguist.'
Many of the words that Barnes recommends are compound words, made from two single-syllable English words, and are therefore easy to understand, even if we haven't heard them used before. For instance, ‘Forewit' for caution or prudence. ‘Hindersome‘ means obstructive. ‘Earth-tillage‘ is self-explanatory.
The King James Bible seems to use a lot of simple English terms, as in this verse:
“The LORD shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth, and even for evermore.” Ps. 121:8
I think the word ‘preserve‘ may be the only non-English derived word there.
George Watson writes here on the ‘dual origins' of English, that is, its Germanic origins and its later ‘Romance' influence. He mentions the issue that Barnes was concerned with in his time: that the less-educated classes, the ordinary folk, do not usually speak the more literary kind of English, and even educated people fall back on the Germanic English words when in a more informal setting.
“The British filter their language, both in speaking and writing, using Germanic words for popular or childish conversation and admitting Romance words for learned and technical usage—or for ironic effect. If that amounts to a mild national difference between Britain and the United States, that is because Americans often have a fainter sense of the double derivation of English and are in consequence more polysyllabic. […] Since Romance terms often reflect a higher rank, or education, or state of sophistication, they can boast a higher prestige than Germanic; though there are exceptions, and in the days of the U and non-U controversy it was diverting to be reminded that Germanic “napkin” is of higher standing than Romance “serviette.” Another is a difference of length. There are rather few Romance monosyllables in English; and exceptions like the verb “to pant” are somehow surprising to learn. (The word is ultimately related to Greek “phantasia.”) Much of our Germanic vocabulary, by contrast, has been left as words of one syllable, as a consequence of the collapse of English terminal inflections in the later Middle Ages.”
This is what strikes me about many of the memorable passages in the King James Bible, like the psalm I quoted above: the plain, one-syllable words, with their simplicity.
I confess I like the richness of the full English vocabulary, which may extend to over 400,000 words. But how many people make use of this array of words?
The February 14, 2000, issue of Time magazine reported some disturbing news: in 1950 the average 14-year-old had a vocabulary of 25,000 words. By 1999, the average 14-year-old's vocabulary had dropped to only 10,000 words, less than half. This is disturbing because a person's vocabulary reflects his or her overall general knowledge.“
It seems few people really use the full treasury of words that is the English language. Is this in part because, as Barnes said, the ‘educated' form of our language is inaccessible to a good many people? Would ‘reforming' our language amount to dumbing it down even further, or would it remove some of the communication problems between the more educated and intelligent, and the less gifted? But wait; we're all supposed to be equal in capacity for learning, and equally able to achieve.
Any attempt to reform our language would be out of the question for the cultural Marxists who are in charge; it's too loaded with sociological implications. Still, Barnes' ideas were interesting and he did a great service to English speakers by recording and preserving these old words and dialects, and offering new coinages.
Anti-Defamation League reports a 114-percent increase in number of pro-Palestine events at US colleges after Israel's summer onslaught on Gaza.
Pro -Palestinian activism has risen significantly on U.S. campuses since Israel's offensive on theGaza Strip in the summer, according to a Jewish civil society organization.
The New York-based Anti-Defamation League said in a report published Friday that there had been 75 "anti-Israel" events scheduled on U.S. campuses since the beginning of the 2014-2015 academic year, which started in late August or early September at most American universities.
"During the same time period last year, there were only 35 of those events scheduled, marking a 114 percent increase in the number of those events scheduled to take place this year," the report said.
Israel's recent offensive in the Gaza Strip began July 7 and lasted for 51 days; it killed more than 2,000 Palestinians, mostly civilians, according to Palestinian health officials. More than 10,000 others were reported injured.
During the previous academic year, student groups at U.S. colleges hosted at least 374 anti-Israel events, the report said.
It said nearly 40 percent of those events were held in support of an international campaign to seek boycott against Israel.
The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, known by the initials BDS, calls for various forms of boycott against Israel until it ends its occupation of Palestinian lands.
The report also said pro -Palestinian protestors on U.S. campuses drew parallels between Israeli actions inGaza and the shooting of a black teenager, Michael Brown, by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri.
It mentions a particular "die-in" protest at John Jay College in New York, in which many students reportedly chanted slogans such as "from Ferguson to Palestine, Inifada Intifada," referring to two popular Palestinian uprisings aimed at ending the Israeli occupation.
Brown, an unarmed black teenager, was shot and killed by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, on August 9. His death set off mass protests, which have since continued at various levels in the country.
Bring it on! Vettel wants another go on Top Gear after rival Hamilton beats his time
Sebastian Vettel is already plotting his return to the BBC Top Gear track after seeing his time in the ‘reasonably priced car' smashed by Formula One rival Lewis Hamilton.
Vettel was toppled from the top of the time sheets after Hamilton beat the triple world champion's best effort in the Suzuki Liana by almost two seconds.
Going for glory: Vettel is aiming for fourth successive World Championship title... and wants to topple Hamilton on the Top Gear leaderboard
Record-holder: Hamilton and the Stig back in 2007
‘He was cheating!' quipped Vettel when asked about being knocked off top spot by Hamilton. ‘Of course I would like another go. I now have another reason to go on the show.
‘When I was there, I wanted to keep on going but now I will have to wait until I get invited to go back on the show. It's a good car – you should try it!'
Admitting he will have his work cut out if he is to regain the Top Gear crown, Vettel added: ‘His time was pretty impressive. It was a big difference to everyone else. I need to go there and find a bit of a trick.'
The same applies to Vettel in his Red Bull with less than two week's remaining before the 2013 season opener in Melbourne Australia.
Hamilton has been setting impressive times in the Mercedes in testing and Vettel conceded he hopes he will be closer to the 2008 world champion when the serious business begins.
Indiana is known as a mecca when it comes to basketball gymnasiums. From holding 13 of the nations 14 largest high school gyms[1], to Assembly Hall's fabled 5 banners[2], to Butler's Hinkle Fieldhouse being the only gym in the nation that is listed on the National Registry of Historic Landmarks[3]. But truth be told, a small and intimate gym in Knightstown, Indiana might be the most charming gym of them all.
In the middle of the winter Jason, a buddy of mine, mentioned he and his wife were making a weekend trip to southern Indiana to check out Milan, Indiana. Milan is home to the 1954 Indiana state basketball champion, Milan Indians. That year the Milan Indians with an enrollment of just 161 students would go on to beat Muncie Central High School, a school with 10x the student enrollment of Milan. To this day Milan is the smallest school to win the state tournament and 32 years after the win, the movie Hoosiers would be released based on the 1954 Milan Indians. Little did I know, that simple comment made by my co-worker would lead us down a rabbit hole that would lead to us reenacting the movie Hoosiers on the exact court on which it was shot.
…
Later that night a s Jason and his wife were down in Milan, I popped in Hoosiers to take in, surprisingly, just my second viewing of the movie. Afterwards, while at dinner with my fiancé and before heading to a Friday night high school game, I scrolled through the trivia section of IMDB[4]. “Babe, did you know that in Europe Hoosiers is titled Best Shot?”. That next morning I did more research on the real Milan Indians and the fictional Hickory Huskers. What I found was that the original gymnasium that Hoosiers was shot in still exists and even better, you can rent it to play in. After a quick email and a quick call we had a date set for a Saturday morning 4 months in the future.
The Hoosier Gym was originally built in 1920 as Knightstown Gym. Over the next 44 years its floors saw the soles of high school, college, and professional basketball teams. But by the mid-60s the gym had become obsolete when Knightstown built a newer, bigger gym. It then sat empty for the next 20 years, until Hoosiers director David Anspaugh re-discovered this gem of a gym and decided he would shoot his upcoming basketball movie in it. The movie would go on to become a sports classic as the world caught a glimpse into the local phenomenon known as “Hoosier Hysteria”[5]. As a result, the once forgotten Knightstown Gym would become known as The Hoosier Gym. The facility received a quick facelift and now serves as a museum and community center, where a volunteer non-profit group now preserves and manages this historic venue[6]. Annually in June the gym holds the Hoosiers' Reunion All-Star Classic where the states top senior basketball players square off.
…
Over the next 4 months we spread word in anticipation of that Saturday morning where we 11 grown men made the 2-hour trip south to The Hoosier Gym. Here we played 120 continuous minutes of Hoosier basketball to the motion-picture-soundtrack[7] in the background, checked out the famous locker rooms, and bought merchandise from the museum. Spectators came and went as they took guided tours and checked out the museum. One giddy man, an athletic director from North Carolina, asked if his son could take a quick picture as we had a pause in play. He said that he has driven passed Knightstown once a year for over a decade on the way to see family in Chicago but never once knew he was driving past the historic gym from Hoosiers. He mentioned that he and his high school basketball coach often quoted Hoosiers quotes to each other and that he couldn't wait to send the pictures to the coach back in North Carolina, as he smiled ear to ear. Proof that Hoosier Hysteria is infectious.
——————————
[1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Largest_high_school_gyms_in_the_United_States
[2] http://grfx.cstv.com/schools/ind/graphics/wallpaper/Banners1600x1200.jpg
[3] https://www.nps.gov/nr/travel/indianapolis/butlerfieldhouse.htm
[4] http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091217/trivia?ref_=tt_trv_trv
[5] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hoosier_Hysteria
[6] http://thehoosiergym.com/
[7] https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/best-shot-hoosiers-original-soundtrack/id203619634
Queen Latifah was born Dana Elaine Owens to police officer Lancelot Owens and high school art teacher Rita. At the age of eight, her parents divorced and her Muslim cousin chose the name Latifah for her, which is Arabic for ‘delicate and sensitive'.
During her childhood, Latifah sang in the Shiloh Baptist Church choir and performed the song ‘Home' in a high school production of ‘The Wiz'. She had lessons from her father in karate and the use of firearms and played power forward in the Irvington Public High School girls' basketball team, leading them to two New Jersey state championships.
Whilst still at school and after a brief stint of working part-time at Burger King, Latifah decided instead to pursue her love of rap. She began her music career by forming the all-girl rap group Ladies Fresh with two of her friends, Tangy B and Landy D. Latifah provided the human beat boxing whilst the other two rapped. The vibrant group entered talent shows and made various public appearances. They were noticed by a local disc jockey, which led to a contract for Latifah with Tommy Boy Music in 1988.
Going solo, she was 18 when her debut single ‘Wrath of My Madness' (1988) was released. A year later her debut album ‘All Hail The Queen' (1989) received critical acclaim and covered issues such as apartheid, poverty and women's rights. Hits included ‘Ladies First', ‘Dance for Me' and ‘Wrath of My Madness'. In 1989, she also went on a European tour and appeared at the Apollo Theatre in Harlem.
Following her graduation from Irvington High School and by the time she had entered the Borough of Manhattan Community College, Latifah's first two single releases had sold 40,000 copies. Her star was on the rise and her follow-up album, ‘Nature of a Sista'' (1991), once again showcased her mixed style of rap, R&B, jazz, reggae and soul. Here was a wise young woman, turning the misogyny in her male counterparts' music on its head, whilst delivering soulful music and incisive rhymes with her strong voice.
Having already appeared on the small screen as a musical guest in an episode of the television series ‘In Living Color' (1990), Queen Latifah's debut role on the big screen was the small part of Lashawn in Spike Lee's film ‘Jungle Fever' (1991), with Wesley Snipes, Samuel L. Jackson, Anthony Quinn and Halle Berry. Other acting roles soon followed, with the parts of Zora in the comedy ‘House Party 2' (1991) and Ruffhouse MC in the action thriller ‘Juice' (1992), set in the ghettos of Harlem with Tupac Shakur and Samuel L. Jackson.
1992 brought great sadness when Latifah's policeman brother, Lance Owens, was killed in an off-duty motorcycle accident. She had bought the bike for him as a gift and was devastated by his death, falling into a serious bout of depression and drug abuse, from which she subsequently recovered. She still wears the bike key around her neck. When Tommy Boy Music did not renew her contract, Latifah moved record labels to Motown and released her third album ‘Black Reign' (1993) which she dedicated to her late brother. The album was a huge success and produced the hit single ‘U.N.I.T.Y.', for which she won the 1994 Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance. In a review of the album in November 1993, Q magazine wrote, “…out of a sea of bland and repetitive rap albums currently nailing the coffin shut on the legacy of funk comes a welcome life raft of sanity…”.
In April 1994, Latifah was nominated as solo artist of the year at the First Annual Hip-Hop Awards but lost to Snoop Doggy Dogg. At the Soul Train Music awards in 1995, she won the Sammy Davis Jr. Award for Entertainer of the Year. By the mid 1990s, Latifah had become associated with the Native Tongues, an informal consciousness raising rap network, speaking out against violence, particularly in rap music. Other groups involved include Tribe Called Quest, De La Soul and Jungle Brothers. Having already established herself as an entertainer, she went on to create Flavor Unit Management, a recording management company in Jersey City, with partner Shakim Compare. Latifah is Chief Executive and the company has managed a number of rap artists and groups, using Motown as a distribution channel, including LL Cool J, N.E.X.T. and Outkast.
Moving to television work, Latifah starred as Khadijah-Jones in her hit show ‘Living Single' (1993-1998). This necessitated the setting up of another home base in Los Angeles, for the taping of the show, which took up a large part of each year. However, she kept her house in Wayne, New Jersey, which she will always consider her true home.
She performed at the American Music awards in January 1995 and the following year, played tough lesbian bank robber, Cleo Sims in action/thriller ‘Set It Off' (1996), with Jada Pinkett Smith, Vivica A. Fox and Blair Underwood. Latifah also recorded the title sound track of the film with Organized Noize. The role of Cleo led to public speculation on Latifah's real-life sexuality but her response was that she would always keep her personal life private and her sexual persuasion was of no-one's concern but her own. She also maintains that she will never sacrifice her self-worth for money. In January 1997, she was nominated for two Image Awards, including Best Actress in a Motion Picture for her role as Cleo.
Next she had a small role as Sulie in ‘Hoodlum' (1997), another Harlem gangster movie starring Laurence Fishburne, Tim Roth, Vanessa L. Williams and Andy Garcia. Latifah then starred as Alice ‘Teeny' Fletcher in the Barry Levinson science fiction/thriller ‘Sphere' (1998) with Dustin Hoffman, Sharon Stone and Samuel L. Jackson.
Returning to her music after a hiatus of five years, Latifah released her eagerly awaited fourth album ‘Order in the Court' (1998) on her own label, Flavor Unit. The album, filled with edgy grooves, sultry singing and musical variety, produced the explosive hit single ‘Bananas' with Apache and she worked on other tracks with the likes of Kay Gee, DJ Clark Kent and Diamond D. Latifah proved to her audience that whilst she may have been quiet for a while, the Queen still ruled.
Playing jazz singer Liz Bailey in ‘Living Out Loud' (1998), co-starring Danny De Vito and Holly Hunter, Latifah was nominated for 2 NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture. The soundtrack featured three jazz standards sung by Latifah: ‘Lush Life', ‘Goin' Out of my Head' and ‘Be Anything (But Be Mine)'. Her role as Diana in the television drama ‘Mama Flora's Family' (1998) brought her a nomination for Outstanding Actress in a Television Movie/Mini-Series/Dramatic Special.
The following year, Latifah was Thelma in the chilling thriller ‘The Bone Collector' (1999), with Denzel Washington and Angelina Jolie. She provided the voice of Dispatcher Love in Martin Scorsese's ‘Bringing Out the Dead' (1999) starring Nicholas Cage and Patricia Arquette. Always keen to try her hand at new endeavours, she then launched her own daytime television talk show, ‘The Queen Latifah Show' (1999) covering social issues, news events and celebrity happenings.
In her first foray into writing, she published her book ‘Ladies First: Revelations of a Strong Woman' (2000). Both autobiographical and inspirational, it is about making tough decisions and bad mistakes but most of all, about being confident and ‘keeping it real'. Also on a humanitarian level, Latifah joined K.D. Lang, George Michael, the Pet Shop Boys, Garth Brooks and Melissa Etheridge on 29 April 2000 to perform in Washington DC at the Equality Rocks benefit concert for the gay and lesbian human rights campaign.
2002 was a busy year for Latifah, with the release of four films, her fifth album ‘She's the Queen: A Collection of Hits' (2002) and her second book ‘Stay Strong: Simple Life Lessons for Teens' (2002) with Terrie Williams about ambition, pride, attitude and strategies for achieving any goal, without the need to conform. She was the voice of Cha-Cha in the family musical ‘The Country Bears' (2002), Francine in the romantic comedy ‘Brown Sugar' (2002), she provided voice in Roberto Benigni's ‘Pinocchio' (2002) and played Matron Mama Morton in ‘Chicago' (2002) which starred Taye Diggs, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Rene Zellweger. She was also on the movie soundtrack with Lil' Kim and Macy Gray in the song ‘Cell Block Tango'. Receiving three award nominations for ‘Chicago' (2002), she unfortunately did not win any of them. They were for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, a Golden Globe Award Best Supporting Actress and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Supporting Actress. She did win a SAG Award, along with the rest of the cast for Best Ensemble for ‘Chicago' (2002).
Without slowing down, she played Charlene Morton in ‘Bringing Down the House' (2003) a refreshing comedy with Steve Martin and a big box office success. She was also co-executive producer and hip-hop slang coach to her co-stars Steve Martin and Eugene Levy and won the 2004 Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture. Following that, she had the small role of Aunt Shaneequa in horror spoof ‘Scary Movie 3' (2003) and went on to win the 2003 BET Award for Best Actress.
Next up was a year of dabbling in a mixture of film, television and singing. Latifah was Gina in the comedy ‘Barbershop 2: Back in Business' (2004). She had a small part playing a security guard in a comedy directed by Lance Rivera, ‘The Cookout' (2004), which she also co-wrote and produced with Shakim Compare. In September, Latifah released her sixth album ‘The Dana Owens Album' (2004), receiving a Grammy Award nomination for Best Jazz Vocal Album. In October she starred as Belle, the mouthy, feisty cab driver in ‘Taxi' (2004) with Jimmy Fallon and Henry Simmons. She then hosted and performed on the ‘Saturday Night Live' television show in October 2004.
In the comedy ‘Beauty Shop' (2005) she starred as Gina, a hairstylist who opens her own beauty shop, alongside Alicia Silverstone and Andie MacDowell. Latifah published her third book ‘Queen of the Scene' (2006) illustrated by Frank Morrison, a celebration of spirit, pride and girl power. The adventure comedy ‘Last Holiday' (2006) had her playing Georgia Byrd, with co-stars LL Cool J and Timothy Hutton, to critical acclaim. She then provided the voice of Ellie, the female mammoth in the animated adventure ‘Ice Age 2 : The Meltdown' (2006) and starred with Will Ferrell, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Dustin Hoffman and Emma Thompson in the romantic comedy drama ‘Stranger Than Fiction' (2006).
Teaming up with John Travolta, Billy Crystal and Michelle Pfeiffer, Latifah went on to star as Motormouth Maybelle in the 2007 hit ‘Hairspray', a musical comedy set in 1962 Baltimore. The movie was a box office success and led to a NAACP Image Award nomination for outstanding supporting actress for Latifah. The same year also saw the release of ‘The Perfect Holiday' in which she starred and also served as producer.
In 2008, Latifah appeared in three movies, including ‘Mad Money', a comedy-crime collaboration with Diane Keaton and Katie Holmes, and ‘What Happens in Vegas', starring Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher. A Black Reel Award for Best Actress came her way following her role in the drama ‘The Secret Life of Bees', which received mixed reviews and performed relatively well at the box office.
‘Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs' (2009) saw Latifah reprise her voice role alongside Ray Romano in the 3D computer animated film, which went on to become the third highest grossing animated film of all time after a successful box office run. She followed this with roles in the 2010's ‘Valentine's Day' and ‘Just Wright' and kicked off 2011 with an appearance in ‘The Dilemma'. Latifah also appearred once again in ‘Ice Age: Continental Drift' in 2012.
Queen Latifah's friendliness, honesty, empowering lyrics and dedication to both her craft and her audience, have contributed to making her one of the most well-known and respected female rappers in the industry. Whilst shying away from labels, her strongly voiced personal beliefs in social responsibility, her feminist ideals and her stance on non-violence, have made her into a somewhat of a role model, particularly in redefining how women in the world of hip-hop are viewed. She has also proved herself to be a talented television and film actress, an astute label president and artist manager, an author, an entrepreneur and a talk-show host. Another outlet for her unending talent is as spokesperson for Cover Girl cosmetics and Curvation ladies underwear, for which she has starred in several adverts, as well as being a spokesperson for Pizza Hut.
Having built herself into a one-woman entertainment empire with strength, unending enthusiasm, versatility and panache, she is certainly a force to be reckoned with and a continually rising star to be closely watched.
Share This Article:
Despite efforts to improve compensation to San Diego Police officers, the gap between the number allowed for in the budget and actually on the force has refused to close, according to a report to be delivered to a City Council committee.
Support Times of San Diego's growth
with a small monthly contribution Become a supporter
The report, which will be presented Wednesday to the council's Public Safety and Livable Neighborhoods Committee, says that as of April 10, the budgeted number of sworn police officers was 2,039, while the actual number was 1,838 — a deficit of 201.
In a similar report at about this time last year, the difference was also about 200 officers. In 2015, the shortage was about 160.
The ranks of those actually employed by the San Diego Police Department includes 44 recruits in the academy and 52 recent graduates who are in field training, according to the report.
The stubborn problem is the result of years of poaching of SDPD officers by other law enforcement agencies and a large number of experienced officers reaching retirement age. More recently, societal issues — including high- profile police shootings — have dissuaded many younger people from pursuing a career in police work, SDPD officials have said.
Since the start of the current fiscal year last July 1, 125 officers have left the department, with at least 15 going to another law enforcement agency, according to the report.
Another 20 applicants who were given conditional job offers or were in the process of completing the background investigation to become San Diego police officers opted out in order to join another law enforcement agency.
The current attrition rate is 13 officers a month.
City officials several years ago began offering inducements to stay, such as raising uniform allowances that provided greater take-home pay.
In 2015, a five-year contract between the city and San Diego Police Officers Association took effect that will raise salaries by 3.3 percent in each of the final two years. The first three years provided increased city health benefit contributions and holiday pay.
The news was much better among dispatchers, which not long ago faced a staffing shortage that required 911 operators to work substantial amounts of overtime and delayed call responses. The report says only three of the Communications Division's 133 jobs are vacant.
Of 557 civilian positions in the SDPD, 47 are vacant, the report says.
–City News Service
San Diego Police Department Struggles to Fill Vacancies on Force was last modified: by
>> Subscribe to Times of San Diego's free daily email newsletter! Click here
Follow Us:
NASA/JPL-Caltech/SwRI/MSSS/John Landino
Big planets come with big surprises. Last week, delegates at the annual European Geosciences Union meeting got the first glimpse of data from the Juno spacecraft now in orbit around Jupiter, and the findings are already challenging assumptions about everything from the planet's atmosphere to its interior.
“The whole inside of Jupiter is just working differently than our models expected,” said mission principal investigator Scott Bolton of the Southwest Research Institute in Texas.
Launched on 5 August 2011, Juno reached Jupiter and began its first orbit on 4 July last year. Since then, it has performed four more circuits. There are 33 planned pole-to-pole circuits in all, encircling the entire planet bit by bit.
Advertisement
The findings presented in Vienna come from these first few circuits, which each last 53 Earth days and include a 6-hour scan of the planet from north to south. Although the information is preliminary, the researchers involved are thrilled.
Ammonia weather, fuzzy core
Much of the excitement centres on the discovery of a dense zone of ammonia gas around Jupiter's equator, plus other regions where ammonia is depleted, which together suggest an ammonia-based weather system. We have long known that Jupiter is completely shrouded in ammonia clouds, but the existence of such a deep “belt” is surprising.
“We've known there's a spike at the equator, but the new microwave data is showing that the spike goes way, way down into the abyss, 300 kilometres below the cloud,” says Leigh Fletcher of the University of Leicester, UK, who was not involved in the work. “It suggests ammonia is being distributed by a weather system that penetrates much deeper than anyone expected.”
The findings are also challenging models of what's inside the planet. We had assumed Jupiter has a uniform interior, with a shallow “crust” of liquid hydrogen overlying a thin layer where helium rains down. Under that is a much deeper layer of metallic hydrogen, with a smaller solid core around 70,000 kilometres down. Those assumptions were based on mapping the planet's gravity.
But initial gravity measurements from Juno challenge the idea that the internal layers inside are completely regular in their make-up. “Jupiter's molecular envelope is not uniform,” said Tristan Guillot of the University of the Côte d'Azur in France. “We assumed we could treat the envelope as global, but now, with the finer data, it appears less regular.”
Fletcher says it points to a core that is not solid like Earth's, but “fuzzy” and dilutely mingled with the overlying metallic hydrogen layer.
Massive magnetism
Another shock is that Jupiter's huge magnetic field is even stronger and much more irregular than expected. The irregularity of the field so far is a sign that the dynamo driving it may originate higher up in Jupiter's interior, perhaps from a layer of metallic hydrogen.
“I didn't expect all the theories to be wrong, but there's motion going on in the planet we did not anticipate,” Bolton said.
Jupiter's magnetic field also dwarfs the 0.25 to 0.65 gauss at Earth's surface by an even bigger margin than we expected. Juno readings on its closest approaches so far, presented by Jack Connerney of the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland, suggest it could be 8 to 9 gauss rather than the 5 gauss predicted.
More tantalisingly, Juno's magnetometers found that the field dipped in other regions, a telltale sign that the dynamo driving the field is close to the surface over the entire planet, not buried deep within it like Earth's core.
“Jupiter's magnetic field is spatially complex, and there were deficits of up to 2 gauss elsewhere,” said Connerney. “We may need many more orbits to resolve this.”
Earth-sized cyclones
The first orbits have also produced several new insights into the planet's atmosphere. The probe's JunoCam camera has already sent back amazing pictures of hitherto unknown cyclones over the poles.
Glenn Orton of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, who helps manage the JunoCam website, showed stunning composite videos of the cyclones swirling. “They're the size of Earth, or maybe half an Earth,” Orton told New Scientist. “They're probably composed of condensed ammonia.”
Strange white ovals have been spotted, too, in belts south of Jupiter's equator. They could be clouds containing ammonia and hydrazine, a substance used as rocket fuel on Earth, according to an analysis of Juno infrared radiation readings presented by Alberto Adriani of the Institute for Space Astrophysics and Planetology in Rome.
Adriani also presented stunning infrared images of the auroras which occur daily at the poles. His analyses revealed that the areas where they glow are composed mainly of methane and an ion containing three hydrogen atoms (H 3 +), at temperatures ranging from 500 to 950 kelvin. Adriani's composite movies of the auroras – not released to the public yet – were equalled by others showing similar features imaged with ultraviolet spectrometers, presented by Bertrand Bonfond of the University of Liège in Belgium.
The camera is proving tougher than expected, too. Fears that it would last just a dozen circuits because of the battering from Jupiter's intense radiation have turned out to be misplaced. “The good news is radiation damage so far is almost negligible, so it will operate for many years,” Orton said.
And more data will arrive after the next closest approach on 19 May. Eventually, Juno will fly over Jupiter's famous Great Red Spot, and Fletcher is excited about the data that will generate. “It means that for the first time, we can go down deep and find out what's going on underneath,” he says.
The people of South Carolina have spoken: They want Stephen Colbert as their next U.S. Senator. And yes, that Stephen Colbert from Comedy Central. And no, I'm not joking.
A new poll released Monday found that South Carolina voters favor Stephen Colbert to fill the soon-to-be vacated US Senate seat of Jim DeMint. Colbert came in first chosen by 20 percent of those polled followed by South Carolina Representatives Tim Scott and Trey Gowdy.
And Colbert apparently has some interest in the seat as he announced on his show The Colbert Report this week: "My network contract prohibits me from taking on another full-time job. So, the Senate would be perfect."
All joking aside, Stephen Colbert would likely be a great U.S. Senator. South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley seriously should not rule out appointing Colbert to DeMint's seat simply because he's a comedian.
Lets not forget that Al Franken was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2009 after his years of being a comedy writer and cast member on Saturday Night Live. How has Franken fared in his time in the U.S. Senate? Recent polls show that 52 percent of people in Franken's state of Minnesota approve of his work. Contrast that with generic approval polls of Congress, which show that the institution is slightly more popular than syphilis.
And sure, Colbert has made some seemingly outlandish comments. But for the most part his quips are lined with political insight. We learn about the issue while laughing. Why does politics have to be so painfully boring when a little humor can make it more accessible and understandable to all?
Here are just a few of Colbert's past comments that are both funny and poignant:
"Contraception leads to more babies being born out of wedlock, the exact same way that fire extinguishers cause fires."
"If we raise taxes on corporations, what incentive will they have to make money other than the fact that it's the sole reason they exist."
"I've long been against illegal aliens, partly because they distract us from an even bigger threat: real aliens."
And one of his best: "If this is going to be a Christian nation that doesn't help the poor, either we have to pretend that Jesus was just as selfish as we are, or we've got to acknowledge that He commanded us to love the poor and serve the needy without condition and then admit that we just don't want to do it."
Now contrast Colbert's above statements with ones made by earlier this year by non-comedian, "professional" politicians who were the Republican Party's actual nominees for U.S. Senate. Congressman Todd Akin, the GOP's Senate candidate in Missouri, offered these views on the "legitimate rape" of women during this year's campaign: "If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down."
And then came Indiana Republican Senate candidate Richard Mourdock's comments in October: "...even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that is something that God intended to happen."
If these aren't enough to make you appreciate a Senator Colbert, then just check out some of the comments made by current Senator Jim DeMint. His statements often sound as outrageous as Colbert's but they are far worse -- DeMint is being serious.
Here are just a few of DeMint's "gems": "If a person wants to be publicly gay, they should not be teaching in the public schools." DeMint, a national leader of the Tea Party movement, also publicly opposed allowing unwed pregnant women from teaching in public schools.
And recently DeMint called the Obama administration the most "anti-American administration in my lifetime," and warned that he doesn't believe America can survive as a nation if Obama won a second term.
All of a sudden Colbert's comments are the sane, responsible ones. Indeed, Colbert's moderate views on many issues and his preaching for sanity in Washington, D.C. are exactly what this nation needs.
Plus, on the fun side, there's a chance that if Colbert was appointed to the Senate he would bring some of his trademark segments with him. People would finally watch C-SPAN coverage of the Senate just to see if Colbert began his speeches on the Senate floor with the sounds of a screeching eagle. Or to see Colbert do his "tip of the hat, wag of the finger" segment to the face of the senator he was calling out.
The biggest drawback for Colbert becoming a senator is that it's actually a step down. And I'm not kidding. Sure, as a senator he can vote on legislation but as the host of a TV show he has the ability to reach a national audience on a nightly basis. Most Senators can only dream of being as well known or influential on public opinion as Colbert.
Our way is to practice one step at a time, one breath at a time, with no gaining idea. — Suzuki Roshi
Novice meditators often ask “will all this sitting get me somewhere?” By “somewhere” they mean somewhere else than where their sitting currently gets them — countless cushion-hours accompanied by states of desire, aversion, judgment, pain, boredom, torpor, fantasy, reminiscence, doubt, planning, philosophizing — and, yes — moments of presence and clarity. By “somewhere else” they mean their fantasy of whatever-it-was the Buddha experienced at the moment of his Enlightenment. They wonder whether they will ever have an experience like the Buddha's.
The answer is “no.”
The Buddha's experience was his own. Ours is ours.
The Buddha's experience was the final end point of everything in his lifetime(s) that preceded it — his meditative practice, his ethical development, his philosophical understanding. Our experience is the end product of everything leading up to this moment in our lives — our virtues and vices, our sleep patterns and eating habits, our discipline and skill, the quality of our relationships and our health.
Meditation never gets us anywhere — we're always “here.” When we meditate we steep ourselves in “here,” the whole of life held before us in a clear reflecting mirror. Not some perfect idea of life, but life as it is. Not bypassing or escaping life, but sitting with, recognizing, and acknowledging it. Breathing with it and letting it be.
We marinate in life and are cooked by it. It's a process that happens, not something we accomplish. We didn't build that. Things shift. We tire of hanging onto things. We cease repeating old mistakes. We laugh at ourselves. We open and soften. We come alive.
It's not the sitting alone that does this. It's every step we take on our path. It's our understanding of impermanence, suffering, non-self, and emptiness. It's our practice of compassion and generosity. It's our letting go of past insults and injuries. It's our growing respect for our bodies, our selves, our neighbors, our planet. All of this is reflected in each moment of sitting.
Does all this sitting get us somewhere? No. Sitting always gets us here.
But the nature of “here” changes as we journey on our path. Usually not in dramatic, awe-inspiring flashes, but little by little, bit by bit. Be patient. You have this whole lifetime (at least) ahead of you.
This isn't to say you won't have profound experiences during deep meditation or on prolonged retreats. They happen often enough. They can help our practice as long as we don't cling to them and struggle to repeat them.
But sitting isn't about having a spiritual experience. It's about living a spiritual life.
Sitting isn't where the miracle occurs.
Our life is the miracle.
Sitting is the mirror.
It's the pot we're cooked in.
The TSA attempted to “screen” airline passenger Davi Barker for the virtual currency Bitcoin.
Barker is co-founder of BitcoinNotBombs, a Bitcoin advocacy group that gets donation-based organisations and social entrepreneurs set up to handle the currency. He's written a very detailed telling of what happened right here. After going through security (he opted out of the body scanner but was successfully cleared through the checkpoint), two people stopped him, and it got uncomfortable quickly.
I was about to ask for my attorney, who happens to be my wife, when [the person wearing] the orange shirt said, “What about Bitcoin?” I was flabbergasted. This was above and beyond any scrutiny I had ever received from the TSA, and a little frightening that they were looking for Bitcoin. I said I didn't understand the question. He continued, “We saw Bitcoin in your bag and need to check.” I was incredulous, and asked, “Do you have a superior officer because I don't think you know what you're talking about.” The blue shirt replied by repeating that they were “managers,” but if I didn't answer his questions he could call law enforcement and have me taken into custody. I asked, “Aren't you law enforcement?” and he replied, “No we're with the TSA.”
If this sounds weird to you, it's because it is. Bitcoin is digital and doesn't exist in the physical world — to “see Bitcoin” in a bag would be like seeing email in a bag. What the agent more likely saw, says Barker, is the orange Bitcoin logo sweatshirt Barker was wearing at the time, promo material for his organisation's annual “Hoodie the Homeless” drive. It looked like this:
Barker also travels with lots of Bitcoin-themed lapel pins that he sells at conferences. It's reasonable to assume that the agent was talking about these pins, but that would require a gross misunderstanding of what Bitcoin is.
It's illegal to leave the United States with more than $US10,000 cash, so the TSA is likely interested in Bitcoin as a means of sneaking money around for nefarious purposes. But Barker was travelling domestically, from Manchester, N.H., to San Francisco, and discloses that he didn't have nearly that much, Bitcoin included.
Whatever your involvement in the virtual currency, it may be wise not to mention anything about Bitcoin during your next airport security check.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Tanker Explosion off Zhanjiang Port, 2 Missing
By Wendy Laursen 2015-01-07 11:42:30
A Chinese product tanker has exploded off China's Zhanjiang port leaving two crew members missing.
According to media reports, the 4,577dwt product tanker Run Guang 9 was en route from Zhuhai to Zhanjiang when a cargo hold caught fire on the unladen vessel.
12 have been rescued from the vessel, some with injuries. A search continues for the remaining two people.
Over 10 vessels were deployed in the rescue and the fire has been extinguished. Local authorities have indicated that clean up measures have been undertaken in the waters around the vessel.
The port of Zhanjiang received its largest oil tanker ever on January 1. The 300,000 ton capacity vessel was able to dock as a result of a series of renovations in the port. Oil cargo volumes at the port reached 25 million tons in 2014 and this is expected to grow to 30 million tons in 2015.
When Marvel initially announced a partnership with Netflix that would result in multiple miniseries following some of the lesser known heroes of the comic book universe, we were all cautiously optimistic.
We quickly discovered that our caution was unfounded when Daredevil blew us away earlier this year, but even though the first series was a major success, that doesn't mean everything is going smoothly behind closed doors.
DON'T MISS: NASA releases stunning 4K video of the sun as you've never seen it before
Take this with a grain of salt, but over the past two weeks, comic book news site PeelTheOrange has received some major news regarding the future of the Marvel lineup on Netflix.
It all started when a source told the publication that Marvel was struggling to figure out how to insert Iron Fist into the New York City it had been building around Daredevil and Jessica Jones thus far. According to the source, with time running out, the studio is considering scrapping Iron Fist series and replacing him with The Punisher.
Having starred in several (questionably entertaining) movies throughout the years, The Punisher is certainly a more marketable character, but on top of that, the studio executives are apparently “pleased with Jon Bernthal's portrayal” of the character in Daredevil season 2 as well, which makes it hard to imagine Iron Fist, which hasn't even been cast yet, getting the nod.
About a week after the initial report, PeelTheOrange heard back from another source within Marvel who says that the studio “will be turning Iron Fist into a Netflix exclusive feature film” and that “The Punisher will replace Iron Fist as one of the four Defenders.”
None of this information has been corroborated by any other sources, so don't get too excited yet… but it certainly sounds like a series of reasonable and rational decisions.
Authorities said a cook at an Indian restaurant in Riverside, California sexually assaulted a young girl in the restaurant's restroom on June 6.
The unidentified child's mother decided to check on her daughter after growing worried about why she was was taking so long in the bathroom, The Press Enterprise reports.
Shortly after she entered the restroom, she says she found one of the Punjab Palace's cooks, 34-year-old Avimael Lopez, in the bathroom.
The child reportedly told her mother that Lopez had engaged in inappropriate acts with her. After calling the police, Lopez was arrested.
He was charged on June 8 with “engaging in oral copulation or sexual penetration with a child younger than 10, kidnapping, and engaging in lewd acts with a child,” reports The Press Enterprise.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Lopez is in jail with bail set at $2 million.
So far the restaurant has not disclosed further details about the incident.
The incident sparked controversy.
Some argue the recent move towards adopting gender-neutral bathrooms as a contributing factor, saying such restrooms encourage sexual predators.
“No one stopped the man from entering the woman's facility, which we certainly have [President] Barack Obama and his liberal decree to thank since it virtually erased any sex segregation of our public facilities,” writes Christy Lee Parker for Mad World News. “[It] just goes to show how brazen these perpetrators have become thanks to the progressives whose policies allow for it.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
However, many states and cities have been allowing people to use restrooms that align with what they believe their gender identity to be without incident, Time reports. The original story in The Press Enterprise did not note whether the restaurant had separate restrooms for men and women.
Police officers and other authorities say they have not seen evidence in these areas to prove gender-neutral bathrooms encourage sexual assault.
“We have not seen that,” an Iowa police department spokesman said, reports Time.
“I doubt [the news laws are] gonna encourage the behavior. If the behavior's there, [sexual predators are] gonna behave as they're gonna behave no matter what the laws are,” the spokesman added.
Sources: The Press Enterprise, Mad World News,Time / Photo credit: Riverside Police Department via The Press Enterprise
Some professors have decided to salvage gobs upon gobs of handcrafted signs left carelessly behind by participants in this weekend's Women's March because the professors believe the signs will become historical artifacts representing “a kind of unique collective expression of a collective action.”
The professors are faculty members at Northeastern University in Boston, where an estimated 175,000 people marched under the guise of women's rights. (Some 600 similar rallies occurred simultaneously on Saturday. The main one occurred in Washington, D.C.)
The Northeastern professors happened upon the vast throng of signs as city workers were preparing to clear Boston's heavily littered streets on Saturday evening, reports The Boston Globe.
The professors hastily rented a van and collected as many signs from the mile-long march as they could. They're even recruiting bystanders to help with the effort.
Ultimately, after the profs managed to stuff their rental van with about 1,000 signs, they drove their newfound treasure trove to a storage facility.
This week, the professors will meet with archivists from Northeastern's campus library to figure out how to preserve the massive heap of protest signs for posterity.
“The imagery and how people constructed the messages, it's just a wealth of really interesting stuff to study,” Northeastern design professor Nathan Felde — who has a biography worthy of a novel — told the Globe. “It's an incredible collection of creative efforts. Some of them are absolutely charming.”
A second Northeastern professor involved in the effort, Dietmar Offenhuber, described the women's march “as a very historic moment” and “a kind of unique collective expression of a collective action.”
“You saw some very traditional protest signs that have been around since the 1960s, but then you saw some references to Princess Leia, and Star Wars, and Harry Potter,” Offenhuber told the Globe.
Patrick Yott, a library dean at Northeastern, called the assemblage of garbage-destined signs “a cultural memory” and declared that “it's imperative to collect this sort of material.”
The signs may be digitized in some way, or curated for future exhibits.
Boston Women's March organizers said they are honored.
They “marched in solidarity” and “made history,” organizers said in a statement. “Thousands of people will be able to share this moment with their children and grandchildren.”
The cost for a year of tuition, fees and room and board at Northeastern University is about $63,700.
Social sciences professors at the Boston enclave reportedly favor Democrats to Republicans by a margin of 33:1. (RELATED: SURPRISE! Fancypants College Professors Massively Favor Democrats Over Republicans)
If the Boston Women's March was anything like the simultaneous Women's March on Washington, there were definitely plenty of signs. Homemade posters from the Washington march featured “Peein' & Putin” — a picture of shirtless Vladimir Putin on a horse with Trump's head, together trudging through a urine storm. There was also a neon pink sign reading “PUSSY BITES BACK” beside a graphic image visualizing vagina dentata. (RELATED: These Are Some Of The Craziest Signs From The Women's March)
Among the strategies for the Women's March on Washington is that a huge throng of participants was supposed to festoon themselves with knitted, neon-pink “pussy power hats” during the demonstration in Washington, D.C. (RELATED: Thousands Of Women Will Wear Pink, Knitted ‘Pussy Power Hats' To Protest Trump)
No concerted plan among academics to preserve these hats appears to have been announced.
Follow Eric on Twitter. Like Eric on Facebook. Send education-related story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
Art imitating life (T-1000, anybody?) or yet another evolutionary step towards the subjugation of mankind? For now, let's just shift focus to the immediate and soak in this novel feat of robo-replication engineered by a team from M.I.T. Headed up by Professor Daniela Rus, the Smart Sand project looks nothing like it sounds and that's because the tech in question is currently more cube than grain. Measuring 12mm per side, these intelligent pebbles work in unison to recreate an object by first surrounding it and then building a shared 3D map that's used as a blueprint for duplication. Eventually, the researchers hope to shrink the units down to just 1mm in size, effectively creating a "sand" that could completely engulf and actually clone objects (think: tools) as needed, in multiples or even enlarged versions. That promise of an ultra-portable bag of 3D-printing fairy dust is still safely a ways off, so in the meantime, content yourself with video footage of the mini-modules first cyborg steps after the break.
As part of its commitment to promoting acceptance and diversity, the Essendon Football Club has endorsed its first Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Intersex (LGBTI) support group – The Purple Bombers.
CEO Xavier Campbell said Essendon Football Club was a place for all footy fans to feel welcome and respected.
“The Purple Bombers is great initiative,” Campbell said.
“No matter what your race, religion, gender or sexuality - everyone deserves the right to head along and enjoy the football in a safe and positive environment.”
“Our club has always championed diversity and inclusion at the football - We launched our #EFCRespect campaign earlier this season and the formation of the Purple Bombers supporter group is the next step in this important initiative.”
To view the club's #EFCRespect campaign click here.
Purple Bombers founder and long term club member Jason Tuazon-McCheyne officially unveiled the LGBTI support group alongside Brendon Goddard at training this morning.
“I am beside myself with excitement about today's launch. Purple Bombers is a statement from the club that says it's proud to support Essendon's LGBTI supporters and is committed to providing a safe environment at games, the club and official Essendon events,” Tuazon-McCheyne
“Six months ago I approached the club and asked them if they would support Purple Bombers, a group which promotes diversity and inclusion, and I believe it is another step towards making the game of AFL a more welcoming environment for LGBTI persons to attend.”
Goddard has been sponsored by Tuazon-McCheyne since joining Essendon and said he fully supports the Purple Bombers.
“Jason has been a member of this footy club for thirty years, and since I joined the club he's supported me and when he approached me about Purple Bombers I was more than happy to show my support in return,” Goddard said.
“As a society we have come a long way in terms of sexual equality, and while there's still plenty of work to do, our footy club continues to promote diversity through the #EFCRespect campaign and Purple Bombers is an extension to that.”
Supporters can register their interest in joining the Purple Bombers by heading to the club website.
Click here if you would like to learn more about the Purple Bombers.
The club has also released a Members' Code of Conduct which reinforces the commitment to creating a safe, welcoming and family-friendly environment at all official club games and events.
Members are bound by the Code of Conduct and the document outlines acceptable behaviour across a number of different settings including match-day venues, club events and on social media. To view the Members' Code of Conduct click here.
MILWAUKEE—Describing his mind as both “a blessing and a curse,” local man Benjamin Walker, 27, told reporters Thursday that his intellect was probably just too intimidating for most women to engage with romantically.
“I'm a very, very smart guy, and I guess most women are pretty scared off by that, you know?” said Walker, confirming that women often seem extremely uncomfortable and agitated around him, most likely because of how cultured and well-read he is. “After I've been speaking to a girl for just a few minutes, she'll usually start to get this look in her eyes like she wants to bolt and I can just tell that she's feeling so intellectually inferior that it's impossible for her to continue with the conversation.”
Advertisement
“Which is understandable,” Walker added. “I am able to speak confidently and at length about a wide range of subjects, so it's probably hard for most women to follow along.”
According to the Milwaukee resident, whenever he is talking to a young woman and begins to expound at length on one of the many topics he is well versed in—such as Malcolm Gladwell's book Outliers or the British graffiti artist Banksy—she begins to appear highly overwhelmed by his mental capacity and quickly grows visibly restless and distant.
Walker, who acknowledged that his imposing cleverness and quick wit likely caused women to feel insecure about not being as smart as he is, confirmed that females frequently displayed an averse reaction to his impressive mind by noticeably “checking out” of the conversation or attempting, no doubt in fear and awe, to exit the discussion as quickly as possible.
Advertisement
The 27-year-old, who graduated from Syracuse University in 2007, told reporters that he subscribes to The New Yorker magazine and keeps up with the news on a daily basis—all facts that Walker said seem to persistently leave the opposite sex speechless when he inserts them into conversation.
“I should really be more careful, I suppose, because I can see that my intelligence can be a major hindrance to meeting women, most of whom are probably looking for a guy with a more ordinary or slowed-down intellect—you know, someone more on their level,” said Walker. “Sometimes, after talking to a girl at a party, for instance, I will try to approach her again and she'll purposefully avoid eye contact with me, just so she doesn't have to deal with the embarrassment of contending with my staggering mental faculties.”
“It's tough, because I really try my best to relieve their anxiety and say, ‘Hey, look, don't sweat it, I'm used to people not being able to keep up with my mind,'” added Walker. “But that never seems to help. They're too petrified by that point.”
Advertisement
Admitting that his remarkable mind can make him appear unapproachable, Walker told reporters that he has even taken to downplaying his formidable intellect during first dates in order to put women at ease, employing tactics such as talking slower or briefly pausing to allow his conversational partners time to process the information that he imparts at a breakneck pace.
Ultimately, however, Walker said there was only so much he could do to lower his cognitive standards to another's level.
“Recently, for example, I talked to this girl at a bar for half an hour about Radiohead—quoting lyrics and telling her about how the band went in a new musical direction with [their 2000 album] Kid A—you know, really making it easy for her to understand,” Walker said. “Things were going great, and I was saying a lot of very interesting stuff, but when I tried to call her a few days later, she never picked up or returned my calls.”
Advertisement
“And it's like, look, I'm a sophisticated guy, I like sophisticated music,” Walker added. “If you can't get that, then there's nothing I can do for you.”
Walker confessed that at the past few parties he has attended, his profound sagacity pushed women toward less intellectually arresting men.
“Unfortunately I sometimes puzzle women with my lofty comments and thought-provoking remarks, and that drives them right into the arms of complete dopes because that's less scary for them,” said Walker. “You know, the kind of guys who can barely string together 10 words before resorting to asking a girl about her hobbies or what she does for a living. It's like, what's the point? Is that even a conversation?”
Advertisement
“And this is why I've never really been in a long-term relationship before, because the girls I'm with tend to get frustrated with their inability to think on my level,” the 27-year-old continued. “In the end, I think the problem is that they want to be with me because of my exceptional wit, but they eventually realize that I'm just too deep.”
In a step toward computers that mimic the parallel processing of complex biological brains, researchers from HRL Laboratories, LLC, and the University of Michigan have built a type of artificial synapse.
They have demonstrated the first functioning “memristor” array stacked on a conventional complementary metal-oxide semiconductor (CMOS) circuit. Memristors combine the functions of memory and logic like the synapses of biological brains.
The results of their research are published online and appear in Nano Letters.
The work is part of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency's (DARPA) SyNAPSE Program, or Systems of Neuromorphic Adaptive Plastic Scalable Electronics.
Since 2008, the HRL-led SyNAPSE team has been developing a new paradigm for “neuromorphic computing” modeled after biology.
In a conventional computer, logic and memory functions are located in different parts of the circuit and each computing unit is only connected to a handful of neighboring units. While conventional digital computing has the speed and complexity to emulate lower hierarchy animal intelligence, it is still far from matching the efficiency, density and associated energy dissipation of complex biological brains.
In contrast, a brain has neurons connected to each other by synapses, which act as reconfigurable switches that can form pathways linking thousands of neurons. This enables a brain to perform many operations simultaneously, or in parallel. A human, for example, can recognize a face in an instant exceeding the speed of even a supercomputer.
The researchers developed a vertically integrated hybrid electronic circuit by combining the novel memristor developed at the University of Michigan with wafer scale heterogeneous process integration methodology and CMOS read/write circuitry developed at HRL. “This hybrid circuit is a critical advance in developing intelligent machines,” said HRL SyNAPSE program manager and principal investigator Narayan Srinivasa. “We have created a multi-bit fully addressable memory storage capability with a density of up to 30 Gbits/cm2, which is unprecedented in microelectronics.”
Industry is seeking hybrid systems such as this one, the researchers say. Dubbed “R-RAM,” they could shatter the looming limits of Moore's Law, which predicts a doubling of transistor density and therefore chip speed every two years.
“We're reaching the fundamental limits of transistor scaling. This hybrid integration opens many opportunities for greater memory capacity and higher performance of conventional computers. It has great potential in future non-volatile memory that would improve upon today's Flash, as well as reconfigurable circuits,” said Wei Lu, an associate professor at the U-M Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science whose group developed the memristor array.
Ultimately the team plans to scale the neuromorphic chip to support millions of neurons and billions of synapses, thereby enabling the development of intelligent machines that can learn from their environments and exhibit complex behaviors. The technology has numerous real-world applications in complex computing including visual perception, planning, decision making and navigation.
The paper is titled “A Functional Hybrid Memristor Crossbar-Array/CMOS System for Data Storage and Neuromorphic Applications.”
HRL Laboratories, LLC, Malibu, California (hrl.com) is a corporate research-and-development laboratory owned by The Boeing Company and General Motors specializing in research into sensors and materials, information and systems sciences, applied electromagnetics, and microelectronics. HRL provides custom research and development and performs additional R&D contract services for its LLC member companies, the U.S. government, and other commercial companies.
Media Inquiries: Michele Durant, (310) 317-5321
A Chicago woman won $1 million with a scratch-off lottery ticket this week.
Retiree Laura Cannon was at home when she used a nickel to scratch off a ticket and realized she'd won, according to a statement from the Illinois Lottery. She initially thought she had won $100,000 and was surprised by the prize amount when she claimed her winnings Tuesday.
“When they scanned my ticket at the Illinois Lottery office and told me I actually won a million dollars, I couldn't believe it!” Cannon said. “I started shaking!”
Cannon chose to receive her prize as a one-time payment of $600,000 because that option had less required withholding. She plans to share the money with her family and donate to charity.
The winning ticket was purchased out of a self-service machine at the Mobil gas station at 4804 W. Madison. The gas station will receive a bonus of $10,000, of 1 percent of the prize amount, for selling the winning ticket.
Copyright SunTimes
Written by Hilary McGann, CNN
A South American sculpture which disappeared mysteriously from a museum almost 80 years ago has been recovered and returned to Colombian authorities.
The ceramic piece was identified earlier this year after it was put up for a sale.
An art historian with Hampstead Auctions, Beth West, noticed a number of red flags while researching the artifact, which prompted her suspicion, she said.
"I noticed that drawn on the base of the figure was a registration number for a museum, thereby denoting that it was part of a collection."
After she contacted the Art Recovery Group, a London-based company that focuses on art repatriation, the process of identifying the item began.
The director of Colombia's National Museum, Daniel Castro Benítez, confirmed the artifact had indeed been part of a collection on display in the museum.
But the museum in Cartagena has no record how the sculpture disappeared in 1939.
Older than the Spanish conquest
Distinctive ceramic figures such as these were made by the people who inhabited the hills and valleys of the Cauca River during the centuries prior to the Spanish conquest in the 1530s.
Known as slab figures, most were male and ranged in height from four to 20 inches.
Christopher A. Marinello, CEO of Art Recovery Group (right), presents the recovered artefact to the Colombian Ambassador to the UK, Néstor Osorio Londoño (left). Credit: courtesy Fatima de la Espada
The septum of the recovered artifact is pierced to hold a now-missing nose ring, likely one of gold.
Christopher Marinello, CEO of Art Recovery Group, said while the worth of the piece is estimated at below £10,000 ($13,000), its recovery is still quite significant.
"While it is not hugely valuable monetarily, it is quite symbolic of the material that has been stolen from Latin America," he said.
A government official may have had the artifact before it was recovered, he said.
"The story told is that the man who had it in his possession received it as a gift from his Colombian girlfriend's father in 1999. Her father was a very important government official. This is the story we were told," Marinello said.
The vendor, who wishes to remain anonymous, is said to have had no knowledge of the significance of the artifact until earlier this year, and has agreed to the unconditional return of the sculpture to the Colombian authorities.
The work was officially returned at a small ceremony at the Colombian Embassy in London earlier this month.
NORTH KINGSTOWN, R.I. � With 3 hours and 44 minutes to spare, Wilson�s of Wickford reached its crowdfunding goal and will stay in business.
NORTH KINGSTOWN, R.I. � With 3 hours and 44 minutes to spare, Wilson�s of Wickford reached its crowdfunding goal and will stay in business.
The store, which owners said would have to close in August if it didn�t raise $148,000 by Monday at 9:55 p.m., reached its goal on the crowdfunding site crowdtilt at about 6:15 p.m.
�Whoo,� breathed James Wilson, one of the owners and a grandson of the man who founded the store 70 years ago.
�This is awesome,� he said just after 6:30. �It�s been a very active and intense past couple of hours.�
As the total grew closer to the goal, he said, he started making calls to people who were standing by in case emergency action was needed, to tell them they could relax.
�It kind of happened while I was making those phone calls,� he said.
Crowdtilt, which collects pledges online until the goal, or �tilt,� is reached, showed that the donor who put the campaign over its goal was Don Tefft.
�That�s my cousin,� Wilson said.
Tefft was the one who had introduced him to the concept of crowdfunding by sending him a link five weeks ago, Wilson said. Wilson researched companies and chose crowdtilt for the store�s campaign. He called his cousin Monday evening to thank him for the suggestion.
�He had almost forgotten he had sent it,� said Wilson, who was eager to get busy restocking the store.
�We really have to attack all facets � marketing, merchandise and accounting,� he said. He�s going to a men�s show Wednesday. �We have items on order for fall; we need to pick and look at some new stuff.�
�I was pretty sure we were going to do it,� he said. �But until you really get there, there�s always that element of doubt. I have a sense of relief.�
Google.ps, the website formerly known as "Google Palestinian Territories," was re-christened "Google Palestine" on Wednesday. Israel has opposed international recognition of an independent Palestinian state.
"This change raises questions about the reasons behind this surprising involvement of what is basically a private internet company in international politics—and on the controversial side," a spokesman for the Israeli government told Agence France-Presse.
"We're changing the name 'Palestinian Territories' to 'Palestine' across our products," a Google spokesman told the BBC on Friday. "We consult a number of sources and authorities when naming countries."
Other authorities recognizing the "Palestine" label include the United Nations, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, and the International Standards Organization. The UN upgraded Palestine to a "non-member observer state" in November. Previously it had been a mere "non-member observer entity."
An advisor to Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas praised Google's move as a "step in the right direction."
This is not the first time Google has had to make controversial judgment calls about the names and legal status of disputed territories. In 2010, the Mountain View company was drawn into a border dispute between Costa Rica and Nicaragua after people noticed that Google and Bing had drawn the line between the two nations differently. Earlier the same year, Google was blasted by Cambodia for what that nation considered a "radically misleading" border between Cambodia and Thailand.
Wikipedia, too, has been embroiled in political naming disputes. Between 2001 and 2005, readers fought a bitter edit war over the title of the article about the city in Poland that Polish speakers call "Gdańsk" and German speakers refer to as "Danzig." The dispute was eventually resolved by senior Wikipedia administrators in favor of "Gdańsk."
The Dodgers are without Hanley Ramirez for a second straight game against the Braves at Dodger Stadium, only Friday night isn't a scheduled day of rest. Ramirez has tightness in his left hamstring, the same one that landed him on the disabled list for a month with a strain, per Ken Gurnick of MLB.com.
Starting Lineups Braves Dodgers SS Simmons RF Puig RF Heyward (L) 2B Ellis
LF Upton 1B Gonzalez (L)
1B Freeman (L) LF Van Slyke C Gattis 3B Hairston
3B Johnson
CF Ethier (L) 2B Uggla C Hernandez
CF Upton SS Cruz
P Maholm (L)
P Ryu
It's far too early to tell how serious the injury is, but it continues a bad pattern for Ramirez in 2013. He missed the first 24 games of the season after dislocating his thumb during the World Baseball Classic, then in just his fourth game back he strained his left hamstring and missed the next 28 games. Ramirez has played just three games since getting activated from the disabled list, including a pinch-hit walk in the eighth inning on Thursday. Ramrez was nearly passed by Yasiel Puig running the bases on Puig's grand slam.
Take from these two tweets what you will.
Don Mattingly said Hanley Ramirez was a little stiff in the left hamstring and behind the knee. Not responding to treatment as hoped. — Ken Gurnick (@kengurnick) June 7, 2013
Mattingly said he is concerned Ramirez might be disabled again but the trainers are not. — Ken Gurnick (@kengurnick) June 7, 2013
The good news for the Dodgers is that Mark Ellis, who was held out of the lineup for four of the previous five games, is back in there playing second base.
Hyun-jin Ryu also returns to the mound after missing one start with a left foot contusion. He is coming off a shutout of the Angels in his last start and has excelled at Dodger Stadium all season. Ryu in five starts at home is 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA, with 33 strikeouts and just seven walks in 34⅓ innings.
Southpaw Paul Maholm starts for the Braves, which means leadoff man and savior Puig gets to face a lefty. Against left-handed pitchers in his young career, Puig is 4-for-6 with a home run and a double.
Against right-handers, Puig has struggled to get by, hitting just .300 (3-for-10) with two home runs.
Game info
Time: 7:10 p.m.
TV: Prime Ticket
MLB Gameday
SAMSUNG phones use technology which can spy on what you're reading and watching online - and monitor emails in your inbox.
The phones switch onto spy mode after they are alerted by a "beacon" often embedded in web pages or signals hidden in online adverts.
Getty Images 3 Samsung have been using beacons or pixels to track your phone use for some time - and YOU agreed to it
Jim Killock, Executive Director of Open Rights Group warned that "Samsung wants to get to know you - but they are behaving like a peeping Tom".
He added: “Samsung have taken spying on their customers to a whole new level.
"What you can't see, and can't hear, won't worry you — or so it hopes.
3 Samsung's privacy policy outlines how it will use the technology
"It needs to own up and switch it off before their customers wise up and ditch them."
If you use a Samsung phone, it's likely that you've already agreed for the phone maker to snoop on you.
The Korean manufacturer makes reference to it on several pages in on its privacy policy.
It writes: "We, along with certain third parties, also may use technologies called beacons or pixels that communicate information from your device to a server.
"Beacons can be embedded in online content, videos and emails and allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when you have viewed particular content or a particular email message, determine the time and date on which you viewed the beacon and the IP address of your device."
They explain that they are doing this for a "variety of purposes" including to analyse how the phones are being used and "to provide content and ads that are more relevant to you".
What are beacons? Tristan Liverpool, Director of Systems Engineering, F5 Networks explains "Beaconing is an inconspicuous way of marketing - and apps have increasingly incorporated ultrasonic tones to monitor consumers. "They ask permission to access your smartphone microphone, then listen for inaudible ‘beacons' that come from retail stores, advertisements and even websites. “If you're not paying attention to the permissions you grant, you could be feeding marketers and other entities information about your online browsing, what stores you go to and your product preferences without realising it. “Smartphone manufacturers can use this method as another way to promote their devices, and as another revenue stream by taking a percentage of any new business generated for retailers.”
Samsung told the Sun Online that it "takes consumer privacy very seriously and our products are designed with privacy in mind".
It admitted that it uses beacons but a spokesperson said: "We would like to assure our customers that ultrasonic beacon technology is not embedded on Samsung mobile devices. Our privacy policy on beacons applies to the use of web beacons, a technology that is widely used across the industry and differs significantly to that of ultrasonic beacons.
"There is no relation between ultrasonic beacons and the functions embedded in our mobile products."
Apple also states in its privacy policy that it uses pixel tags and web beacons on its websites, online services, interactive apps, emails and adverts but say it will not share your IP address (which can identify your location, name and personal details) with third parties.
MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE CORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I'm divorced Revealed These SUCKS! The dodgy Android apps secretly 'slurping' your battery life and mobile data TAKING THE PIZZ Domino's fans think Dom pizza tracker doesn't actually track deliveries WATCHING YOUR EVERY MOVE How to see Google's creepy map showing EVERYWHERE you've ever been HISTORY MYSTERY History of the universe could be REWRITTEN by ancient 'dark energy event' Revealed SWITCHED OFF The £300 'dumb phone' with ZERO apps could fix your smartphone addiction
There are many different kinds of beacons, including ultrasonic, media tracking and location beacons.
Location beacons can be incredibly helpful - like in the case of Gatwick airport where it is using the technology to help guide passengers to their boarding gates.
The beacons provide a Google Maps-style service which helps navigate from Duty-Free to your departure gate.
But they are more commonly used to create intrusive profiles of a user so they can be sold customised advertising.
Google recently removed apps that used ultrasonic beacons to track users after hero computer scientists discovered 230 apps that secretly tracked Android smartphone owners.The German government-sponsored group warned that "device tracking is a serious threat to the privacy of users, as it enables spying on their habits and activities".
German researchers claimed these ultrasonic beacons can "link the watching of even sensitive content such as adult movies or political documentations to a single individual – even at varying locations.
"Advertisers can deduce what and how long an individual is watching and obtain a detailed user profile to deliver highly customised advertisements," they wrote.
Getty Images 3 Samsung discussess the beacons in its terms and conditions
Tristan Liverpool, Director of Systems Engineering, F5 Networks told The Sun Online that smartphone manufacturers used beacons as a way to promote their devices and nab a cut of any sales for retailers made using their phones.
He said: "Beaconing is an inconspicuous way of marketing and apps have increasingly incorporated ultrasonic tones to monitor consumers.
"They ask permission to access your smartphone microphone, then listen for inaudible ‘beacons' that emanate from retail stores, advertisements and even websites.
“If you're not paying attention to the permissions you grant, you could be feeding marketers and other entities information about your online browsing, what stores you go to and your product preferences without realising it.
“Smartphone manufacturers can use this method as another way to promote their devices, and as another revenue stream by taking a percentage of any new business generated for retailers.”
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
Rare white whale Migaloo spotted northbound at Eden on the New South Wales south coast
Updated
One of the world's rarest whales has been spotted heading north off the New South Wales south coast, in one of the first sightings of the whale season.
Migaloo, the male humpback, was photographed with a mobile phone camera off Green Cape in Eden on Tuesday morning.
The unique mammal was once thought to be the only all-white whale in the world and is often seen off Byron Bay during the last week of June.
The founder of the White Whale Research Centre, Oskar Peterson says it is not unusual to sight Migaloo, but it does take some luck.
"If you're lucky enough to get out and see him, then you are. It's just a matter of luck," he said.
"I know from Byron Bay to the Gold Coast, the last week of June to the first week of July is that two-week window where he'll go past.
"Now's the time down there in Eden, down the south coast and Illawarra to get out there over the next couple of weeks, you'll have a good chance of spotting him."
Mr Peterson says the rare whale is hard to miss when he does swim past.
"He sort of glows in the water like a fluorescent blue. He's quite an amazing sight," he said.
"He's been around for quite a while and he cruises up and down the east coast of Australia every year, but some years he goes missing in action so to speak."
Topics: mammals---whales, marine-biology, environment, eden-2551, wollongong-2500, huskisson-2540, gerringong-2534
First posted
Share The Latest News
A couple weeks ago HTC announced that they'll be releasing a standalone VR headset called the Vive Focus. This new HMD will be tetherless and won't require a mobile device to operate. Today, they've revealed that the headset will be available to pre-order starting December 12th for roughly around $600 in China.
The Vive Focus will be shipping out the devices starting some time in January. They will also be releasing a special white version for around $650. For those that pre-order the headset, you'll also be receiving 4 VR games with the tetherless device. We aren't quite sure which games those will be.
In China, there are a lot of VR games that have yet to make its way over to the United States. So they have various games that we have never played overseas. Some may even have been specifically designed for the Vive Focus which makes it quite interesting.
Some of the cool specs about the HTC Vive Focus is that it includes a 3K AMOLED display at 2880 x 1600 which is fantastic for a standalone tetherless HMD. It will also be able to deliver 6DoF which makes it a lot more immersive.
Below are the known specs for the Vive Focus:
Tracking Technology & Sensors: World-Scale six-DOF space-tracking technology, high-precision nine-axis sensor, distance sensor screen: 3K AMOLED, resolution 2880 x 1600 Refresh rate: 75 Hz Viewing angle: 110 degrees Interpupillary distance adjustment: stand by processor: Qualcomm® Snapdragon ™ 835 storage: MicroSD ™ expansion port, up to 2TB MicroSD ™ card Data / charging port: USB Type-C Audio input / output: Built-in microphone, built-in speaker, 3.5mm stereo headphone jack Wireless connections: Supports Wi-Fi® 802.11 a / b / g / n / ac to transfer helmet contents to Miracast ™ compatible display Power and battery: Built-in rechargeable battery, supports QC3.0 fast charging technology, up to 3 hours * continuous use of time, standby time more than a week *
VIVE Focus joystick sensor: High-precision nine-axis sensor button: Touchpad, application button, home screen button, volume +/- button, trigger Power and battery: 2 AAA batteries, up to 30 hours * continuous use of time
Each Vive Focus bundle will come included with:
1 x Vive Focus Headset
1 x Controller
1 x Wristband
1 x HTC QC 3.0 Fast Charger
1 x USB Type-C Cable
1 x Starting Guide
1 X Safety Guide
1 X Product Limited Warranty
If you've noticed, the HTC Vive Focus is priced a lot higher than what Oculus plans on selling the GO VR headset for. Oculus hasn't mentioned the specs for the headset but they plan on selling the headset for just $200. Oculus has mentioned that the headset will deliver a 3DoF experience.
But this is all relative for now since the Focus is only available in China and not the western countries. When it comes to that time we'll be doing a thorough analysis and comparison for the two headsets. Besides, the Focus will more so rival the upcoming Santa Cruz HMD by Oculus.
Update: We made a mistake about the Oculus Go on 3DoF and 6DoF
Mr. Kahn
You left many believing that sacrificing a son is the only sacrifice worth talking about. Make no mistake your son was a hero. A brave soul who chose to become a part of the greatest Army in the world and he was sent into harm's way. He alone, as a leader, decided to risk his life for his fellow soldiers. As a high ranking captain he could of made a tough call and ordered a subordinate to inspect that car and they would have done it without question. He was a true leader and a hero, there is no question about that.
Please know that sacrifice comes in all different shapes and forms, and comparing pretty much all sacrifices to your son's, is not even measurable. Your son made the ultimate sacrifice and died for his men and country.
However, to use your son's bravery and sacrifice to attack Trump about his own sacrifices is, frankly, a disgusting emotional appeal and an exploitation of a hero. Mr. Trump has sacrificed and risked more than any presidential candidate since our founding fathers drafted our beloved Declaration of Independence and created the Constitution that you so excitedly held up (which, I may point out, does not extend any rights to non-Americans on foreign soil).
So what, exactly, has Mr. Trump risked and sacrificed? Well, for starters his future, his company's future, his children's and grandchildren's future, and the future of tens of thousands of employee and investors. He took a risk to fight the powerful corruption plaguing our nation, knowing that it could ruin everything for which he has worked. He has already lost his TV show for not being politically correct, on top of the sacrifice of over a year of his life towards a campaign that has taken him away from his family, friends, businesses and finances.
Even more importantly, there have been hundreds of death threats towards and a credible assassination attempt against him. Every day he wakes up to someone new threat calling for his death. There have even been death threats against his children! It's not only his life at risk: due to the nature of our politically correct society, angry, entitled, even illegal members of our society have attacked and injured his supporters during riots, causing major injures.
While our amazing LEO and Secret Service professionals have accepted the responsibility to protect his life, if anyone of them was killed protecting him, he would certainly bear a large burden in his soul. Just ask the 22 veterans a day who commit suicide because of PTSD, many of them feeling guilty about leaving their brothers and sisters behind or feeling guilty for not protecting them. Some of the worst PTSD is seeing a fellow soldier take a bullet intended for them. I know Mr. Trump would feel terrible guilt of this were to happen to him.
Mr. Trump has put his life, his fortune, and his sacred honor on the line, for common Americans like myself. He has thrown down everything, he has ever worked for on the table and gone all-in. If he loses this election, he will have a very difficult road ahead, and it may be even more difficult for him if he wins. Fixing, the problems of this country won't be easy. He fought through 15 other candidates and won. He fought a rigged system and won. He is not politically correct in a hyper-sensitive society. He has called out very powerful people who have the power to end most normal people's careers. Mr. Trump took on power people such as Jeb Bush and Ted Cruise; these politicians had millions of dollars and high profile donors backing them. There are many of these people behind the shadows that will do everything that they can to defeat Mr. Trump. He stands with the American People and against the corporate interests, special interests, and the media. These entities need to be called out for their corruption and mishandling of our government.
Mr. Trump has also given millions of Americans like myself hope. Call us what you want, but we in the silent majority are tired of the corruption and politically correct culture. We want to put America first, Make America Great Again, rebuild our communities, relationships and rebuild our economy from within. Once the unemployed have decent jobs and the vulnerable have support systems, and we take care of the terrorist threat of ISIS, then we can start helping other nations. We cannot afford to save rest of the world unless we help ourselves first.
It's not selfish to do this -- anyone in the human services field knows how important it is to be stable and healthy yourself in order to be of help to others! Our country is no different. The majority of us just want every American citizen to have a chance to pursue the American Dream, and this includes legal immigrants of all races and ethnicities. We want the best that the world has to offer, to make our country even better. We want our soldiers to be taken care of and get the proper treatment they deserve. One single soldier suicide is one too many for us and we want this fixed. We want all Americans -- no matter their, color, creed or sexual preferences -- to be able to experience Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness.
As Americans we all make sacrifices, whether it's serving our nation, our community, or a needy individual. Americans make sacrifices, large and small, every single day. I have seen many Trump supporters forced to sacrifice family relationships because they are trying to do the right thing. I have seen Trump supporters assaulted and verbally abused daily. There are many stories of people losing jobs due to a innocent post on social media and even being fired from their jobs for supporting Trump.
In a way, this hatred and retribution towards people for supporting a candidate and an idea is its own form of micro-terrorism. There are more and more videos popping up of Trump supporters being attacked for simply walking down the street.
However, his supporters risk these abuses to promote Mr. Trump, not because we want a divided and angry society. It's the exact opposite, because we want an inclusive and united society. As Trump supporters, we must deal with a very biased and unethical media spreading intentional lies and disinformation in their talking points. Yet we push forward because, to us, MAGA (Making America Great Again) is the most beautiful sacrifice we can think of.
Mr. Kahn, we thank your son for his heroism. However, you need to understand all the sacrifices that go into maintaining our freedom. It is big and small sacrifices that people make every day that make America great. It's people like your son that make our military the greatest most respected military in the world.
As a brother to a Marine, I ask myself this: who do I want deciding what sacrifices he will have to make for his country? A proven manipulator who didn't do everything she could to protect our soldiers, or someone who has shown he isn't afraid to step on toes in the interest of our country? I know President Trump won't give a second thought about the sacrifice of offending an enemy and choose to do what he can to protect American lives under his watch. It is our unwavering responsibility to protect our freedoms first that make America the envy of the rest of the world.
Signed,
A God fearing, gun owning, Trump supporting American Patriot
JP Morgan has been accumulating massive amounts of physical silver lately, all while forecasting that prices will not rise anytime soon. If they don't expect prices to rise, why purchase such large amounts of physical silver? In this case, I think it is best to do as they do, not as they say. The following article by Michael Snyder is worth repeating in full.
Why in the world has JP Morgan accumulated more than 55 millionounces of physical silver? Since early 2012, JP Morgan's stockpile has grown from less than 5 million ounces of physical silver to more than 55 million ounces of physical silver. Clearly, someone over at JP Morgan is convinced that physical silver is a great investment. But in recent times, the price of silver has actually fallen quite a bit. As I write this, it is sitting at the ridiculously low price of $15.66 an ounce. So up to this point, JP Morgan's investment in silver has definitely not paid off. But it will pay off in a big way if we will soon be entering a time of great financial turmoil.
During a time of crisis, investors tend to flood into physical gold and silver. And as I mentioned just recently, JPMorgan Chase chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon recently stated that “there will be another crisis” in a letter to shareholders…
Some things never change — there will be another crisis, and its impact will be felt by the financial market. The trigger to the next crisis will not be the same as the trigger to the last one – but there will be another crisis. Triggering events could be geopolitical (the 1973 Middle East crisis), a recession where the Fed rapidly increases interest rates (the 1980-1982 recession), a commodities price collapse (oil in the late 1980s), the commercial real estate crisis (in the early 1990s), the Asian crisis (in 1997), so-called “bubbles” (the 2000 Internet bubble and the 2008 mortgage/housing bubble), etc. While the past crises had different roots (you could spend a lot of time arguing the degree to which geopolitical, economic or purely financial factors caused each crisis), they generally had a strong effect across the financial markets
And Dimon is apparently putting his money where his mouth is.
If Dimon believes that another great crisis is coming, then it would make logical sense to stockpile huge amounts of precious metals. And in particular, silver is a tremendous bargain for a variety of reasons. Personally, I like gold, but I absolutely love silver – especially at the price it is at right now.
Over the past few years, JP Morgan has been voraciously buying up physical silver. Nobody has ever seen anything quite like this ever before. In fact, JP Morgan has added more than 8 million ounces of physical silver during the past couple of weeks alone…
*****
According to a detailed report from The Wealth Watchman JP Morgan Chase has been amassing a huge stockpile of physical silver, presumably in anticipation of a major liquidity event.
They're baaaaack. Yes, “old faithful” is back at it again! Of course, they never really left silver, and have been rigging it non-stop in the futures market, but for awhile there, there were at least no admissions of newly-stacked silver being made in their Comex warehousing facilities. Yet, after a 16 month period of “dormancy” within their Comex warehouse vaults, these guys have returned with a vengeance. In fact, our old buddies at JP Morgan Chase, not only see value in silver here, but they're currently standing for delivery in their own house account in such strong numbers, that it commands our attention. Let me show you what I mean. Here's a breakdown of the Comex's most recent silver deliveries to JP Morgan: April 7th: 1,110,000 ounces April 8th: 1,280,000 ounces April 9th: 893,037 ounces April 10th: 1,200,224 ounces April 14th: 1,073,000 ounces April 15th: 1,191,275 ounces April 16th: 1,183,777.295 ounces This is a huge bout of deliveries in such a short space of time. In fact, within the realm of Comex world, it's such an exceptionally large amount, that it even creates quite a spike on the long-term chart of JP Morgan's vault stockpile: All in all, JP Morgan has added over 8.3 million ounces of additional silver in just the past 2 weeks alone. Full report at The Wealth Watchman (via Steve Quayle and Realist News)
*****
So why is JP Morgan doing this?
Do they know something that the rest of us do not?
Meanwhile, JP Morgan Chase has made another very curious move as well. It is being reported that the bank is “restricting the use of cash” in some markets, and has even gone so far as to “prohibit the storage of cash in safe deposit boxes”…
What is a surprise is how little notice the rollout of Chase's new policy has received. As of March, Chase began restricting the use of cash in selected markets, including Greater Cleveland. The new policy restricts borrowers from using cash to make payments on credit cards, mortgages, equity lines, and auto loans. Chase even goes as far as to prohibit the storage of cash in its safe deposit boxes . In a letter to its customers dated April 1, 2015 pertaining to its “Updated Safe Deposit Box Lease Agreement,” one of the highlighted items reads: “You agree not to store any cash or coins other than those found to have a collectible value.” Whether or not this pertains to gold and silver coins with no numismatic value is not explained.
What in the world is that all about?
Why is JP Morgan suddenly so negative about cash?
I think that there is a whole lot more going on behind the scenes than we are being told.
JP Morgan Chase is the largest of the six “too big to fail” banks in the United States. The total amount of assets that JP Morgan Chase controls is roughly equal to the GDP of the entire British economy. This is an institution that is immensely powerful and that has very deep ties to the U.S. government.
Could it be possible that JP Morgan Chase is anticipating another great economic crisis?
We are definitely due for one. Just consider the following chart from Zero Hedge. It postulates that our financial system is ready for another “7.5 year itch”…
JP Morgan certainly seems to be preparing for the worst case scenario.
What about you?
Are you getting ready for what is coming?
Although the U.S. news media's fancies itself the world's “gold standard,” it operates with stunning hypocrisy and huge blind spots, none bigger than its fawning coverage of Israel that ignores critics like Miko Peled, notes Rick Sterling.
By Rick Sterling
Despite the U.S. media's extensive coverage of Israel, what Miko Peled says is seldom heard by Americans, although he was born in Jerusalem and comes from a famous Israeli family. Peled's grandfather was one of the signers of the Israeli founding documents. His father was a soldier in the war which led to the creation of Israel and later a senior army general during the 1967 war. And one of Peled's nieces was killed in a suicide bombing attack.
However, in contrast to what one might expect, Miko Peled is a voice of sharp criticism of Israel and Israeli policies. He does not mince his words. Israel is a “settler colonial state” and Israel does NOT have a “right to exist” as an apartheid state with preferential treatment based on ethnicity.
Peled does not speak in the abstract; he gives specific examples to demonstrate what he says. Palestinians in the West Bank have no consistent running water while settlers enjoy unlimited drinking water plus swimming pools and water for green lawns. The situation in Gaza is even worse. The two million residents of the tiny Gaza strip endure horrific conditions. Babies with medical conditions die while just a few miles away, Israeli babies with the same conditions will live.
Peled does not limit his criticism to the “Occupied Territories,” He says all of the state should be called Palestine with equal rights and opportunities for all. Peled pokes fun at the claims that Jews anywhere have a “right to return” because of a supposed 2,000-year-old claim and entitlement. These claims are based on the Old Testament not scientific history.
In contrast with the myth, most Israeli citizens have zero DNA connection to the region. Peled humorously points to the irony of Zionists who claim a 2,000-year-old “right” to the land as they deny and denigrate the rights and claims of Palestinians who were expelled in 1948 and after.
As Peled explains, most Israelis are quick to tell Palestinians to “get over it” despite the fact that Palestinian claims are well documented and only go back 70 years, not 2,000. Unknown to most Americans, about half a million Palestinians languish in Lebanon, waiting for the time when they return to their villages in Palestine from which they were expelled in 1948 and after. The actual history of those events has been clearly documented by the Israeli historian Ilan Pappe.
But Peled is not entirely pessimistic. Indeed, he thinks that it is better that the pretense of a “two-state solution,” which has been used as an excuse to justify the current situation, is openly dismissed by President Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Things are now clarified, leaving two paths to the future. One, a supremacist “democracy” for Jews and continuing occupation and oppression for the Palestinians or, two, a one-state democracy for all.
Peaceful Resistance
While acknowledging that most Israelis today reject the idea of equality for Palestinians, Peled recalls how quickly the change from apartheid to democracy happened in South Africa. He says if they could overcome apartheid in South Africa, why is this not possible in Israel/Palestine?
In the 1980s and early 1990s, the international Boycott Apartheid campaign helped to end open racism in South Africa. Around the world, there is a similar peaceful and non-violent campaign pressing for the end of open racism in Israel. It's called “BDS” for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions. The goal is to pressure Israel to abandon its apartheid policies just as South Africa did.
Making clear his own stand, Peled wore a large BDS button on his lapel. For those who mistakenly believe that Israel is a progressive force internationally, the reality is that Israel was one of apartheid South Africa's closest allies.
For taking the stance he does, and especially because of his family roots, Miko Peled has been vilified and threatened. It takes great courage to follow his beliefs as he has. His family is apparently with him.
In his memoir, The General's Son: Journey of an Israeli in Palestine, he describes how his mother refused to take furniture or property of Palestinians who had been expelled from Jerusalem in 1967, as many other prominent Jewish families were doing.
Peled describes his father's evolution from military general to an advocate for peace and respect for Palestinians. And he describes the reaction of his sister and how she blamed Netanyahu and racist policies for the death of her daughter. Miko Peled demonstrates courage and integrity. Through his writing and speeches, he exposes racist policies in Israel and the U.S. He seeks a better future even if it sometimes appears hopeless and provokes slander and personal threats against himself.
On Oct. 6, Peled spoke in Lafayette, California, in an event sponsored by Mt Diablo Peace & Justice Center (MDPJC) with co-sponsorship by Jewish Voice for Peace and others. Peled's book is published by Just World Books. A video of his Lafayette presentation, including the introduction by St Mary's College Professor Hisham Ahmed, is posted at the Mt Diablo Peace & Justice Center website.
Rick Sterling is an investigative journalist based in the San Francisco East Bay. He can be contacted at rsterling1@gmail.com
NASA Decision On Crewed EM-1 Feasibility, NASA
"We are grateful for the near-term flexibility offered by the FY 2017 Consolidated Appropriations Act, and we are confident that we remain technically capable of launching crew on EM-1. However, after evaluating cost, risk, and technical factors in a project of this magnitude, it is difficult to accommodate changes needed for a crewed EM-1 mission at this time."
NASA pays the price of being subjected to a massive, expensive rocket, Ars Technica
"In the face of political pressure, then, NASA chose prudence. Yet the evidently shrewd short-term decision to hold crew off the maiden flight of the SLS rocket could not mask a larger political problem that NASA has grappled with for nearly this entire decade. Simply, it has been tasked with building a massive, complicated rocket that it can't really afford."
NASA delays debut launch of $23 billion moon rocket and capsule, Reuters
"By the end of the next fiscal year on September 30, 2018, NASA will have spent $23 billion on the rocket, capsule, launch site and support systems, according to an audit by NASA's Office of Inspector General. That excludes $9 billion spent on the mothballed Constellation lunar exploration program, which included initial development of the Orion and a second heavy-lift rocket."
NASA won't put astronauts on first flight of new rocket, Washington Post
"We're essentially building a multi-decadal infrastructure that allows us to move the human presence into the solar system," [William] Gerstenmaier said. The commercial space sector - including SpaceX, founded by Elon Musk, and Blue Origin, owned by Jeffrey P. Bezos (who also owns The Washington Post) - is racing to develop its own rockets that are comparable in scale to the SLS. "This really isn't about NASA vs. SpaceX, or NASA vs. Blue Origin, it's more about the past way of doing business vs. how do we run the government more like a business," [Phil] Larson said."
Keith's 11 May note: This is not going to position NASA in a good place. Safety issues not withstanding, NASA has big, chronic delays with the overall SLS program. Then the SLS software program is shown to be bogus. Then they have welding issues. Then they drop the LOX dome. Now there is no way to do EM-1 without money that will never be there. And even if the money was there the existing slip would simply be magnified by attempts to human-rate the SLS to be used for EM-1, bring Orion systems forward etc. There are not enough people or capacity to take the extra money even if it was there.
Slipping to late 2019 is just going to give fuel to those who think that there are SLS alternatives i.e. commercial. SLS is not necessarily dead, but the chance that humans will ever fly on it are becoming increasingly remote. At best, one might expect a batch order for a half dozen or so planetary missions or large cargo launches so as to save face and do something with the immense investment made in the whole AresV/SLS thing. If Trump wants NASA to go to Mars while he is still in office he is going to need a Plan B. But Boeing and SpaceX would have to show that they are up to the task since they have been slipping launch dates too.
Keith's 12 May additional note: At the end of the day this is all about risk - engineering, programatic, and human. Dealing with risk takes time and time = money. There comes a point when the time/money you need to retire added risk exceeds the benefits that come with adding that new risk. That seems to be the case with the EM-1 crew exercise. Trying to retire risk atop a program that is already struggling to reduce risk is just asking for trouble - and the unlearning of lessons learned with great difficulty. It would seem that NASA has come to this conclusion - and they would not be making this announcement without coordination with the White House. One would assume that the White House understands the rationale behind this decision to decline putting a crew on EM-1.
Looking back on the controversy stirred up by the decision, the official who headed up the UCI's Tour de France jury that disqualified Peter Sagan from the race following the crash of Mark Cavendish on stage 4 suggested that cycling needs commissaires examining video footage of the sprints to make decisions on rule violations. Currently the jury is made up of officials who are travelling with the race or otherwise engaged on site. Related Articles Peter Sagan disqualified from Tour de France
Peter Sagan: A look at previous disqualifications at the Tour de France
Should Peter Sagan have been disqualified from the Tour de France? Hell, no…
Peter Sagan accepts Tour de France disqualification but denies wrongdoing
Tour de France: Cavendish, Sagan final words on crash
The great debate: Should Sagan have been ejected from the Tour de France? - Podcast
Belgian Philippe Mariën, in an interview with Het Nieuwsblad, also said that the jury did not reverse a decision to first relegate Sagan. "The jury had only discussed that as a possibility in private. It had never been announced. We only made one decision," he said. That decision was the disqualification.
Sagan insisted that the jury did not ask him for his side of the story, and his Bora-Hansgrohe team protested the decision. But the UCI did not budge. Mariën took a lot of heat for the decision from Sagan fans, some of whom went to great lengths to carefully examine video footage and debate on Internet forums who was at fault. Some concluded like the panel that Sagan's elbow caused the crash. Others suggested Cavendish was already off balance from hitting a drainage grate at the kerb and ran into Sagan's arm.
Mariën said the UCI promised him they were working on a better solution.
"There must be a video referee, just like in football, that should be in front of the TV during the sprint to concentrate only on the sprint itself, then we can decide immediately and not look at the images later."
It was the second time in six years that the 52-year-old had been the chairman of the Tour de France jury. He has been head commissaire for the Giro d'Italia and worked as an official for the past two Olympic Games. But he said he had never experienced anything like what came after the decision to disqualify Sagan.
"When that happened, I received a message from a good friend that said, 'Don't watch TV, don't read any emails, Facebook or Twitter.' I received emails from around the world. Whatever we decided, it was never going to be good."
Compared with his last stint as jury chief in 2011, he said the Tour has become a monster, especially with the popularity of Twitter. "Everyone has his say, and as always, the best steering wheels are on the shore."
HSBC's cost cutting measures continue but it maintains it is committed to building world class IT infrastructure
HSBC is axing 840 IT jobs in the UK and will transfer the positions to India, China and Poland by March next year as part of a wider, ongoing restructure at the bank.
TechWeekEurope understands the majority of roles impacted are based in Sheffield, London and Tankersley in South Yorkshire and that staff will be supported through the transition. Other sites include Birmingham and Leeds, but Sheffield will be most affected with 595 losses.
It is thought that HSBC's IT operations will continue to be hit by ongoing cost cutting measures. HSBC has more than 47,000 UK employees – 8,000 of which will be let go by the end of the year. Globally, the company has 266,000 staff.
Read More: Find all the latest IT jobs here
HSBC job cuts
“In our investor update in June 2015, and many times since, we have stated that we are targeting significant cost reductions by the end of 2017,” said John Hackett, COO of HSBC UK.
“As part of a global relocation exercise, around 840 non-customer-facing IT roles will transfer from the UK to other sites around the world by the end of March 2017.
“The UK will continue to play an important role in HSBC's global IT infrastructure, employing several thousand IT professionals.”
“HSBC's decision to axe so many IT jobs is as ruthless as it is reckless,” said Dominic Hook, Unite national officer for firnance. “For almost a year staff have been left in the dark about their futures, only to be told that before being shown the door they're expected to train someone in India or China who will do their job for less money. It's a deeply cynical move by a bank which wants to be an ‘Employer of Choice'.
Does it matter to your business whether your data is stored in the EU? Yes, for privacy and performance
Yes, for privacy
Yes, for performance
No View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
“Offshoring IT jobs to so-called ‘low cost economies' is extremely short sighted. As IT glitches across the banks continue to prove, it is ultimately the customers who will suffer the consequences.
“Unite will continue to support our members throughout this process and work with our sister international trade unions to end this cynical race to the bottom.”
HSBC has rolled out biometric banking and support for Apple Pay in the past year, but customers have had to endure a number of IT failures that have stopped them from being paid or accessing their account.
In January, a “complex technical issue” stopped millions of customers from accessing online banking services, while a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack later that month had a similar effect.
Quiz: What do you know about virtual reality?
Sanctity of life implies the righteousness of killing. Refusing to be killed or physically harmed in any way is the highest moral imperative. As anyone with rudimentary knowledge of the Hebrew language knows, the Torah does not forbid killing. It forbids murder. There are certain circumstances in which killing is a righteous deed and in fact a mitzvah, a duty. Steadfast refusal to be killed or harmed is the bedrock of the most successful national liberation movements of all time – Zionism.
From the disastrous end of the Bar Kokhba rebellion against the Roman Empire in mid-second century AD to the creation of the HaShomer self-defense forces in the Ottoman Empire province of Palestine in 1909, for nearly eighteen centuries, Jews allowed themselves to be harmed and killed with impunity. Those days are long since gone, thank God. The Torah, in passages relating to nations who harassed the Israelites in their travels from Egypt to the Promised Land, from slavery to freedom, commands us to act swiftly and disproportionately to eliminate the threat to our wellbeing.
No nation and no person can be free or in fact deserves to be free unless they are willing to kill in self-defense and do so preemptively and with overwhelming force and intent.
Our sages, may they rest in peace and their memory be blessed, express the moral imperative of self-defense as follows (in my modern translation): “preemptively eliminate anyone who shows intent to do you harm.” The preemptive aspect of this commandment is paramount; it is self-evident that once lethal force is used against you, you may defend yourself. What is not self-evident to many is the moral imperative to take lethal action against those who show intent to do you harm, though no action has yet been taken.
Had the Zionist movement and later the Yishuv (the organized Jewish community in the Land of Israel prior to the declaration of statehood) and the State of Israel itself not scrupulously followed the moral imperative of preemptive lethal action to this very day, the Zionist movement would have failed and the Jewish liberation project would have collapsed. Nowhere is this more evident than in the Six Day War in which Israel preemptively struck Egypt and Syria because they were adopting a threatening posture, but before they engaged in any hostilities. The swift and decisive victory that followed that action, taken in spite of strenuous opposition from President Lyndon Johnson, allowed Israel to establish itself as a fait accompli, never to be taken lightly again. A counter example followed only seven years later, on Yom Kippur of 1973, when despite every indication that Egypt and Syria were preparing for war Golda Meir refused to take preemptive action, cowed by Henry Kissinger's and Richard Nixon's threats and admonitions. The result, when Israel was caught unprepared for massive coordinated attack on two fronts was a near disaster, only avoided by the courage and ultimate sacrifice of close to three thousand Israeli troops. So dire was the situation at one point early in the conflict that according to some sources Israel prepared to deploy its nuclear arsenal to prevent its total annihilation.
In addition to the moral imperative of preemptive self-defense, the Torah teaches us the moral imperative of disproportional self-defense. It does not matter if your assailant uses paper, rocks, or scissors to harm you. It does not matter if the intended harm is lethal and in any case, how can one be expected to read their assailant's mind? The moral imperative is to use for self-defense the highest degree of lethal force available and to use it decisively in order to eliminate the threat in the most efficient and effective way possible. The preemption and the disproportionality of self-defense as mitzvoth (commandments) are crystallized in the Torah in the story of Amalek, a desert tribe that was particularly hurtful to the Israelites during their wonderings in the wilderness. The Torah commands Israel to annihilate them and their progeny till the end of time, including all men, women, children, and even livestock.
Putin Calls For Joint Effort Against Terror
An Israeli soldier at a checkpoint or simply on the street, perceiving a threat from an Arab approaching him or her (and it is often her) will fire his or her automatic rifle with a clear and decisive intent to kill the potential assailant, without first ascertaining the assailant's actual intentions or the means of carrying them out. Firing thirty 5.56 mm NATO rounds into a person carrying a small pocket knife is a moral imperative, a mitzvah, as long as that person is perceived as a threat.
Once again, the Torah was proven right with the adoption by the Israeli Border Guards (a paramilitary police unit whose task it is to guard sensitive points in which Israelis and Arabs come into close contact) of a policy of preemptively deploying deadly force against any perceived threat. This policy stopped in its tracks the so-called “knife intifada” in which Arabs approached Israeli border guards close enough to stab them. Once the Arabs realized that they would simply be shot before they could approach unless they adopted a clearly non-threatening posture, the knifings abruptly stopped.
The acquiescence by the Left in Europe and in America to the slaughter of innocents in terror acts like the one near the 9-11 memorial in Manhattan yesterday is morally repugnant. It is moral corruption masquerading as moral superiority. It is the work of the Devil pretending to be the work of God. These terror attacks will not stop and will in fact quickly escalate unless there is an acceptance among the citizens of the West of the twin moral imperatives of preemptive and disproportionate self-defense.
This acceptance is not difficult to translate into actual concrete actions. Preemption involves a total ban on Muslim immigration and removal of all Muslim illegal aliens. It involves the permanent audiovisual monitoring of all mosques and Islamic education centers and immediate permanent closure of mosques and other Islamic institutions that preach militant Islam.
Disproportionality involves the immediate permanent removal from the US of all family members of Islamic terrorists and the confiscation of their property to be used for victim compensation. Those who doubt the constitutionality of such actions should look no further than Abraham Lincoln's suspension of habeas corpus. Just as abolishing slavery and the continuation of the Founding Fathers' promise of government by the people for the people were overriding moral imperatives, so is the right of American citizens to lead lives free from the threat of Islamic terrorism.
Barack Obama, Muslim Terrorist Financier
When you perceive a threat to your wellbeing, attack it early and with everything you got – that's the moral thing to do. So let's do it!
The following statement was issued today by Chicago Blackhawks Head Team Physician Dr. Michael Terry:
“Daniel Carcillo will undergo anterior cruciate ligament reconstructive surgery on his left knee on Tuesday, Jan. 17. This decision was made today after much evaluation and consideration of various options. We anticipate a full return in six months.”
Carcillo, 26, has recorded 11 points (2G, 9A), 82 penalty minutes and a +10 plus/minus rating in 28 regular-season tilts this year, his first season with the Blackhawks. Over parts of five National Hockey Leagues seasons with Phoenix (2006-09), Philadelphia (2009-11) and Chicago, the King City, Ontario, native has registered 84 points (38G, 46A) and 1,068 penalty minutes in 310 regular-season tilts, and 11 points (5G, 6A) and a +6 rating in 33 Stanley Cup Playoffs contests.
After the formally rigorous character studies of Afterschool and Simon Killer, director Antonio Campos is back with Christine. His first feature based on a true story — also the basis of this summer's stellar genre-defying documentary Kate Plays Christine — it follows the final weeks of the life of Christine Chubbuck (Rebecca Hall), a Florida-based news reporter who committed suicide live on air in the summer of 1974. Also led by Michael C. Hall, Tracy Letts, Maria Dizzia, Timothy Simons, J. Smith-Cameron, and Kim Shaw, an intense first trailer has now arrived ahead of the film's release next month.
As we said in our review, “Hall, in one of her best performances, embodies Christine with searing intensity, staring blankly while her co-workers offer simple questions and in one remarkable scene, puzzling a woman offering many different solutions to help her situation. Her initially nervous energy eventually evolves into verbal explosions at her mother (J. Smith-Cameron) and Michael, placing the blame on them for her current social and professional roadblocks, respectively.”
Check out the trailer and poster below.
Rebecca Hall stars in director Antonio Campos' third feature film, CHRISTINE, the story of a woman who finds herself caught in the crosshairs of a spiraling personal life and career crisis. Christine, always the smartest person in the room at her local Sarasota, Florida news station, feels like she is destined for bigger things and is relentless in her pursuit of an on-air position in a larger market. As an aspiring newswoman with an eye for nuance and an interest in social justice, she finds herself constantly butting heads with her boss (Tracy Letts), who pushes for juicier stories that will drive up ratings. Plagued by self-doubt and a tumultuous home life, Christine's diminishing hope begins to rise when an on-air co-worker (Michael C. Hall) initiates a friendship which ultimately becomes yet another unrequited love. Disillusioned as her world continues to close in on her, Christine takes a dark and surprising turn.
Christine opens on October 14.
Child sex abuse inquiry: Retired Bishop sorry for sexual abuse of children at Queensland orphanage
Updated
Retired Rockhampton Bishop Brian Heenan has apologised for the sexual abuse of children at St Joseph's Orphanage at Neerkol in central Queensland and for failing victims when they came forward.
"I apologise again for the harm and suffering of former [residents] at Joseph orphanage residents at the hands of the Catholic Church, priests and sisters and staff," he said outside the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse.
"I also apologise for the way in which I responded to these victims. I failed them and for that I'll be forever sorry."
I also apologise for the way in which I responded to these victims. I failed them and for that I'll be forever sorry. Brian Heenan, retired Bishop
Bishop Heenan was cross-examined for the second day at the Rockhampton hearings over the church's responses to the abuse allegations at the Neerkol orphanage from the 1940s to the 1970s.
Father Reg Durham, who was the administrator for the parish of Neerkol and had resided in the presbytery, was charged in 1997 with 40 sexual offences against five former residents and pleaded guilty to six counts of indecently dealing with a child.
Bishop Heenan told the inquiry he never took steps to de-frock Father Durham - even after the priest pleaded guilty - before his death in 2002.
In his apology, Bishop Heenan said he hoped his evidence provided a deeper understanding of the devastation caused by sexual abuse and the impact it has on victims and families.
"I hope my evidence has provided a deeper understanding of the devastation of sexual abuse, what it does to the victims and their families. I also hope it will help the royal commission to develop recommendations that will make all institutions safer for children."
Bishop Heenan was ordained in 1962 and was in charge of the Rockhampton diocese from 1991 until he retired in 2013.
The commission heard on Friday that it took Bishop Heenan three years to restrict Father Durham's contact with children and in 1999 he gave him a character a reference.
He also admitted that at one point he tried to protect the reputation of the Catholic Church rather than consider the victims of sexual abuse.
Abuse victim Mary Adams, who gave evidence last week, said she felt satisfied hearing Bishop Heenan's testimony.
"Bishop Heenan has endeavoured to right the wrongs of the past, I feel he's certainly moved further down the track than he had in the earlier days," she said.
"I'm certainly impressed with his honesty, but it certainly hasn't helped me tremendously because I will say that a lot of my dealings with the church, I had to initiate."
The Commission, which began hearings last Tuesday in Rockhampton, was told that for more than three decades, children at the orphanage were raped, molested and beaten.
The Sisters of Mercy ran the Neerkol orphanage for half a century before it closed in the late 1970s.
One witness says she was raped when she was 14 by a worker at the orphanage in 1965, another was sexually abused by a priest and forced to drink her own urine to stay hydrated.
Nun did not reach out to victim
A senior member of the Sisters of Mercy gave evidence after Bishop Heenan and said she too did not offer to help a victim.
Sister Berneice Loch said she first became aware of abuse allegations when she saw an article in a Rockhampton newspaper in the early 1990s.
The article quoted a former resident who suffered a miscarriage after she was raped when she was 11 years old.
Sister Loch has testified that she knew the victim but did not contact her.
"I wasn't sure if the story was correct or not, wasn't convinced it was true," she told the inquiry.
Sister Loch denied trying to protect the reputation of the Catholic Church, and said there were no proper protocols for responding to abuse at the time.
Topics: royal-commissions, child-abuse, catholic, sexual-offences, activism-and-lobbying, rockhampton-4700
First posted
There was a moment, somewhere around 15 minutes into Manchester United's insipid performance against Chelsea at Old Trafford on Sunday, when Brazilian midfielder Anderson lofted a 50 yard pass forward. With space to turn on to his favoured left foot, and under no discernible pressure, the player had time to assess the situation before striking the ball a full 30 yards beyond the nearest United forward. After six years at Old Trafford, the only surprise in the moment was Anderson's fitness to play yet another wasteful pass.
Deployed against Chelsea as the most forward of United's curious midfield triumvirate, Anderson received the ball 46 times, made 36 passes – 32 successful – and lost possession on eight other occasions. He created no chances, took no shots and scored no goals. Plus ça change.
Impudence aside, Sunday's wasn't Anderson's most slipshod performance in a United shirt. There have been plenty of those. On the day others – notably Ryan Giggs, Antonio Valencia, Tom Cleverley – were just as injurious, but after six years of increasing mediocrity few can remember when Anderson reached his current low.
This season is the player's career in a microcosm: just seven starts in the Premier League, 15 in all competitions. Sir Alex Ferguson is increasingly loathe to trust the former international, even on the sporadic occasions when the player is fit.
There have been two goals and five assists – three in a single Carling Cup match against Chelsea – and he has taken just seven shots all season. The numbers have rarely stacked up. In 168 appearances in all competitions Anderson has produced just nine goals and 21 assists – eight of those in the Carling Cup.
That Anderson has never started more than 30 games for United in a campaign says much about how little Ferguson can or does reply on the midfielder. That the player has started and finished just 18 matches in those 168 appearances for the club affirms the observation. In keeping with history, Anderson was substituted after 69 minutes of United's defeat to Chelsea at the weekend.
Now aged 25, it is impossible to argue that Anderson is a better than the player United acquired for €30 million (£20.3 million) in June 2007. He has certainly regressed from the exciting attacking talent that secured the Golden Ball as best player at the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship.
And whatever the blame for Anderson's misadventure – the player's bankrupt attitude to professionalism, Sir Alex' tactical misuse, and rank bad luck – failure it most certainly is. In the years of waiting the only wonder left is Sir Alex' enduring patience.
Indeed, the player will surely be shipped out in the summer should United find a suitable buyer, although the club will have to write off a substantial percentage of the player's original purchase price. Rumours of a return to Porto may represent the best bet for both player and United.
In fact there is no guarantee that a more suitable buyer will come forward to claim the player at a price that United is willing to accept, although with two years left on the midfielder's contract the coming summer represents the best return the club will ever achieve.
And the player has little argument to brook when United move him on; not after claiming that the campaign now drawing to a close was a defining moment in his career. It should be.
Anderson's probable exit represents a significant about face, especially for Sir Alex who has been unswerving in his public support for the former Grêmio player. After all here is a manager with a peerless reputation for developing youth who has, through some significant fault of his own, failed to get the best out of an expensive youthful acquisition.
“We are delighted,” said Ferguson when Anderson signed a new five-year £80,000-per-week contract in summer 2010. “Anderson has developed tremendously since joining us; he is going to be a really top player.”
Similar plaudits have followed each return from injury and every subsequent false start. Ferguson's support is buttressed each time by any morsel of evidence that Anderson might one-day become the player that United's management and massed support always wanted.
But there have been just 49 starts since that lucrative new contract was inked. Almost £12 million committed in wages since 2010 at around £250,000 per start. By the time Anderson leaves this summer, United will have paid out around £50 million in transfer fee, bonuses and wages for the player. As Ferguson was once so fond of saying, there really is no value in the market.
Should the player move on it will surely benefit all parties; a return to Portugal or Brazil, where economic growth now enables local clubs to finance players on European wages, will proffer the player game-time in a lower profile environment. And while Anderson will almost certainly never become the player that Golden Ball once promised, the talent remains to forge a career elsewhere.
Moreover, removing Anderson from Ferguson's roster will create the space and incentive for the Scot to acquire a new central midfielder for the first time since the Brazilian's capture six years ago.
The strategy comes at a risk of course: Darren Fletcher's chronic illness, and Paul Scholes' retirement will leave United two further central midfielders down, while Ryan Giggs will turn 40 shortly into the new season. But United's goals have moved on too. Returning the Premier League to trophy to Old Trafford this season affords the club a new incentive next year – Europe, where the genuine benchmark of quality surely lies.
Indeed, United's ability to dismiss domestic mediocrity has masked weaknesses in Ferguson's first team – a fact recorded in the Reds' mixed record of 11 points from 24 against other members of the ‘top five': City, Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur. The team hasn't beaten a European opponent of genuine note since a 1-0 victory in Valencia, September 2010.
That record is unlikely to change before Ferguson's strengthens at United's point of the greatest fragility in central midfield. Anderson's departure is now central to that goal.
Embedding data in Go executables
If you've been following along, you know that I've been developing Pendulum editor as part of the #100DaysOfCode challenge, where one commits to writing code at least one hour per day. Pendulum is a web based editor which is great for editing simple text and Markdown files.
I'm writing this article with it, in fact. It's made with a Go back-end and a VueJS front-end. I want to make it easy for users and provide a single executable which will contain everything, so they don't need to download an installer or extract zip files. I needed a way how to pack up everything together. I decided to use go-bindata and resort to code generation to add all the data into the executable with go build.
Code generation?
Well, sure. It's simple enough. The go-bindata tool already enables us to create a .go file from a public_html folder, for example. This is perfect for my use case. But why resort to a bash script or Makefile to produce it? We can use Go's code generation tool and just call go generate before we call go build .
If you want to get started with code generation, all you need to do is include a single comment somewhere in your source code, main.go for example:
package main //go:generate echo "Hello world" func main() { }
When you run go generate , you will find out that it prints “Hello world”. It's not really a requirement that you would generate any code with go generate. Whatever you put after the //go:generate text will be executed. You can even run go build if you wanted.
package main //go:generate echo "Hello world" //go:generate go run main.go func main() { println("Hello world from Go") }
Running it will produce the expected result:
# go generate Hello world from Go
Inception! Well, go generate is… interesting. Node programs are using babel to provide ES6/ES7 syntax capabilities to Node ES5 runtime, and people are attempting to use the same approach to provide Go with functionality beyond the current scope of the language.
For example: The genny project is an example more directed at generating typed-code so you don't really have to copy and paste aggressively, but projects like Have gone closer to what Babel is doing with Node - providing a language which transpiles to Go. I don't know of any other attempts that got more traction, yet. The discussions about Go2 and generics seem to suggest however, that there's some interest for this.
Well, for our case, we're slightly more boring, we're just trying to package some data in our application, so let's interrupt this social commentary and continue:
//go:generate go-bindata -prefix front/src -o assets/bindata.go -pkg assets -nomemcopy front/src/dist/...
That's a bit of a long line, let's break it down just for visual inspection:
//go:generate - hint for go generate ,
- hint for , go-bindata - main command that executes,
- main command that executes, -prefix front/src - exclude “front/src” from package,
- exclude “front/src” from package, -o assets/bindata.go - generated output file location,
- generated output file location, -pkg assets - name of the package we're generating,
- name of the package we're generating, -nomemcopy - an optimization for a lower memory footprint,
- an optimization for a lower memory footprint, front/src/dist/... - the location we're packing.
This creates an assets package in your application folder, which you can import with a short import, ie app/assets , where app matches your application folder.
Serving embedded files via HTTP
This is where things get a little bit complicated. Or simple, after you read a bit of documentation. If you wanted to serve local files, you would use something like the following line of code:
folder := http.Dir("/") server := http.FileServer(folder) http.Handle("/", server)
In fact, the package go-bindata-assetfs provides an implementation for http.FileServer. Using it is simple enough:
import "github.com/elazarl/go-bindata-assetfs" import "app/assets" // ... func main() { // ... files := assetfs.AssetFS{ Asset: assets.Asset, AssetDir: assets.AssetDir, AssetInfo: assets.AssetInfo, Prefix: "dist", } server := http.FileServer(&files) // ... }
There is only a slight hiccup. I am using a VueJS app with pushHistory enabled. This means, that when the user navigates the app, they will see links without a shebang (hash, # ), but plain ordinary absolute links like /blog/about.md . Which don't exist in this asset filesystem, but are handled with the application.
Well, turns out the solution is simple enough. The assetfs.AssetFS structure has functions AssetInfo (which is the equivalent of os.Stat ), and the function Asset (sort of like ioutil.ReadFile ). With this it's possible to check if a file exists in the asset filesystem, and to output a different file if it doesn't:
// Serves index.html in case the requested file isn't found // (or some other os.Stat error) func serveIndex(serve http.Handler, fs assetfs.AssetFS) http.HandlerFunc { return func(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) { _, err := fs.AssetInfo(path.Join(fs.Prefix, r.URL.Path)) if err != nil { contents, err := fs.Asset(path.Join(fs.Prefix, "index.html")) if err != nil { http.Error(w, err.Error(), http.StatusNotFound) return } w.Header().Set("Content-Type", "text/html") w.Write(contents) return } serve.ServeHTTP(w, r) } }
In case the file is found, I use the provided ServeHTTP method, instead of providing my own implementation. All it takes to use this is a bit of a change in the handler which we defined before:
http.HandleFunc("/", serveIndex(server, assets))
The function serveIndex returns a http.HandlerFunc , and this line was changed accordingly. This provides a full implementation of how to serve your data which you add to your application with go generate and go-bindata. And if you want to skip the //go:generate part and just put it in your CI scripts, that's fine too!
And with this I implemented a single-executable release for Pendulum. Grab it from the GitHub releases page to check it out.
Edit: Improved serveIndex example() thanks to @hipone on Reddit.
While I have you here...
It would be great if you buy one of my books:
I promise you'll learn a lot more if you buy one. Buying a copy supports me writing more about similar topics. Say thank you and buy my books.
Feel free to send me an email if you want to book my time for consultancy/freelance services. I'm great at APIs, Go, Docker, VueJS and scaling services, among many other things.
Assigning default values to variables
You can use the logical or operator || in an assignment expression to provide a default value:
var a = b || c;
The variable will get the value of c only if b is falsy (if is null , false , undefined , 0 , empty string , or NaN ), otherwise a will get the value of b .
This is often useful in functions, when you want to give a default value to an argument in case isn't supplied:
function example(arg1) { arg1 || (arg1 = 'default value'); }
Example IE fallback in event handlers:
function onClick(e) { e || (e = window.event); }
The following language features have been with us for a long time, all JavaScript implementations support them, but they weren't part of the specification until ECMAScript 5th Edition:
The debugger statement
Described in: § 12.15 The debugger statement
This statement allows you to put breakpoints programmatically in your code just by:
// ... debugger; // ...
If a debugger is present or active, it will cause it to break immediately, right on that line.
Otherwise, if the debugger is not present or active this statement has no observable effect.
Multiline String literals
Described in: § 7.8.4 String Literals
var str = "This is a \ really, really \ long line!";
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. The cost of one modern heavy bomber is this: a modern brick school in more than 30 cities. It is two electric power plants, each serving a town of 60,000 population. It is two fine, fully equipped hospitals. It is some fifty miles of concrete pavement. We pay for a single fighter plane with a half million bushels of wheat. We pay for a single destroyer with new homes that could have housed more than 8,000 people. This is, I repeat, the best way of life to be found on the road the world has been taking. This is not a way of life at all, in any true sense. Under the cloud of threatening war, it is humanity hanging from a cross of iron. […] Is there no other way the world may live?
—Dwight David Eisenhower, “The Chance for Peace,” speech given to the American Society of Newspaper Editors, Apr. 16, 1953.
With legislation extending penalties for hate crimes currently before the Utah Senate, a new bill was introduced last week that could infringe on the rights of same-sex couples.
The bill was sponsored by Rep. LaVar Christensen (above), R-District 32.
According to University of Utah law professor Clifford Roskey, HB 393 “seems to claim that even though same-sex couples can now marry in Utah and in all 50 states…they might not be able to adopt children in the state of Utah.”
Utah Capitol report adds,
The bill is a short one and borders on segregationist thinking. Christensen, in HB 393, states that “The state of Utah holds and reserves the sovereign right to decide all matters constituting and relating to its domestic relations laws and public policies.” In short, the state can ignore any federal mandate regarding what types of marriages are allowed under the law (read: same-sex marriage).
The bill continues: “The United States Constitution does not delegate any authority to the federal government of the United States on the subject of marriage and divorce.” Christensen, of course, is referring to the Obergefell v. Hodges case decided by the Supreme Court last year.
The proposed law has of course worried some LGBT Utahns. With two adopted daughters with her wife Lisa, Trudy Hardin-Reynolds told Fox13 that the bill makes them feel like second-class citizens. “It's frustrating,” said Hardin-Reynolds, “I thought we had it made, I thought it was done, I thought it was a done deal…We are entitled to those same rights, the Supreme Court has ruled on families everywhere.”
Roskey added that the bill “doesn't do much” and is just “Rep. Christensen trying to send a message to the Supreme Court that he doesn't like what they decided this summer on same-sex marriage.”
Christensen failed to respond to a request from Fox13 for comment.
Watch a news report on the bill, below.
Socrates loves pretzels. Photo illustration by Ellie Skrzat. Photos by Comstock/Thinkstock and thegreekphotoholic/Thinkstock.
Excerpted from Eat More Better: How to Make Every Bite More Delicious by Dan Pashman. Out now from Simon & Schuster.
Every time you take a bite, you make important choices, whether or not you realize it. When you dip a triangular tortilla chip, do you hold one corner and dip two corners, or hold a straight edge and dip one corner? Your choice determines your maximum dip load, the ideal angle from which to enter the dip, and perhaps most importantly, the probability of chip breakage.
These choices matter. And often, they affect others. When that happens, we must seek ways to make the world a more delicious place for everyone. That's the foundation of a civilized society.
But how best to ensure deliciousness for all? Philosophers have long engaged in dialogues to answer questions like this one. Let's take time now to study a dialogue between philosophers on the ethics of snack mix consumption.
Persons of the dialogue:
Socrates, who always wins
Thrasymachus, who is the Washington Generals of Socratic dialogues
Glaucon, who loves pretzels and is the host
Additional guests
The philosophers arrive at the home of Glaucon, who lives at the Port of Piraeus. He greets them warmly and puts out a large bowl of snack mix consisting of pretzels, peanuts, bite-sized bagel chips, and a square breakfast cereal made of crosshatched fibers, from which they all readily partake.
Socrates picks out a handful of peanuts and bagel chips from the mix, which draws Thrasymachus' ire.
Thrasymachus: I see, Socrates, that you believe it permissible to cherry-pick your favorite ingredients from a snack mix.
Socrates: I do. Should I believe otherwise?
Thrasymachus: You should. The snack mix is a delicate balance of components. To target certain ones is to deprive others of the desired experience. It is unjust.
Socrates: So do you believe, then, that the purpose of a snack mix is to bring together ingredients in a prescribed ratio?
Thrasymachus: I do.
Socrates: And would it not stand to reason, then, that the Eater should compose each bite in that ratio?
Thrasymachus: It would.
Socrates: How then should the Eater ascertain the proscribed ratio?
Thrasymachus: Well, I think it plain to see, Socrates. Survey the mix and judge the proper ratio based on its appearance.
Socrates: But, Thrasymachus, do not different components have different weights, such that some components may be found in greater abundance at the top or bottom of the mix?
Thrasymachus: Most certainly.
Socrates: And is it not also true that the mix-maker's technique may result in additional disturbance and ratio inconsistency from one stratum to the next?
Thrasymachus: It cannot be denied.
Socrates: So we agree that the proportions of the top layer are ever changing. Thus, is it not also true that Eaters will partake in different ratios at different points throughout the mix-eating process, and thus continually alter proportions further?
Thrasymachus: To suggest otherwise would be foolish.
Socrates: We are agreed, then, that it's impossible to ascertain the precise ratio of mix components throughout the bowl, and that the ratio on top may not reflect the ratios beneath. Some might suggest that the mix-maker counter this concern by binding the ingredients into clusters of consistent proportions, but even Peloponnesians know that this binding would create a cohesive new food and not a mix. So do you agree that there is no way to impose bite consistency throughout an entire bowl of snack mix, even if it were desired?
Thrasymachus: I have no reason to speak contrariwise.
Socrates: Good. Furthermore, is it possible that, if I select only peanuts and bagel chips from a snack mix, I am shifting ratios closer to another Eater's ideal?
Thrasymachus: Verily.
Glaucon [interjecting]: Indeed, I like pretzels and am less fond of peanuts. I do not object to the Socratic method, as it increases pretzel accessibility.
Socrates: Thank you, Glaucon. Have a pretzel.
[Socrates passes the bowl, and Glaucon is much pleased.]
Thrasymachus: Socrates, you are a sillybilly. What if I quite enjoy peanuts and bagel chips? I would consider it unjust to arrive at a snack mix to find all of those ingredients eaten.
Socrates: Well, Thrasymachus, a moment ago you agreed that attaining true bite consistency throughout a snack mix is impossible. Do you agree that if something is not possible, it should also not be preferable?
Thrasymachus: If not a shred of possibility exists, it is folly to prefer it.
Socrates: Well said. So the natural preference in snack mix consumption is for bite variety. Indeed, the ability to compose new and different bites throughout the eating experience is a central benefit of the form. The term “mix” refers to not only the method of preparation, but also the method of consumption. The very reason that components of a mix are never bound together is to offer the Eater a range of possibilities.
[Kant enters.]
Kant: Are you guys talking about snack mix?
Glaucon: But of course. Join us.
Kant: Equal access to and distribution of snack mix ingredients is a categorical imperative.
[Kant picks one of each mix component and arranges them in his palm Germanically.]
Kant: Subjective taste is irrelevant to this question, as it is to all issues of morality in eating. Perhaps, as you have said, Socrates, the natural ebb and flow of mix ratios is universally accepted and understood. But pure practical reason dictates that willful disfiguration of mix proportions is immoral.
[Just then, a voice calls from the bathroom. It's Nietzsche. He's been lying on the bathroom floor. Everyone thought he was asleep.]
Nietzsche: Oh, Kant, you're always worried about the weak.
[Nietzsche stumbles into the living room.]
Nietzsche: The Eater is a great philosopher king! His drive to consume the perfect combination of snack mix ingredients is the true manifestation of the will to power. The Eater has no responsibility for the experience of the lesser being, who would sit on the Eater's head like a dwarf and make it harder to chew! Besides, here we sit beneath a gateway. The name of the gateway is “This Snack Mix.” From the gateway, all snack mixes run backward for eternity. Must not whatever combinations can exist have already existed? And therefore, too, must they not be destined to eternally return? Thus, why should any ingredient be too precious to devour by itself or with others as the Eater alone deems fit?
Socrates: I can't believe I'm saying this, Fred, but I don't completely disagree with you.
[Suddenly Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau rush in.]
Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau [in unison]: Not so fast!
Nietzsche [groaning]: Oh great, here come Nasty, Brutish, and Short.
Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau [in unison]: We disagree on quite a number of details, but we agree on the basic notion that without some form of social contract, society cannot function. He who takes selfishly from the snack mix one day will be victimized by another's selfishness the next. Eventually, society will spiral out of control and nobody will even make snack mix anymore, because they'll know that as soon as they make it, it will be destroyed. When one eats snack mix, one implicitly enters into a social contract under which he gives up the freedom to cherry-pick ingredients in exchange for the freedom to partake of the bounty at all.
Glaucon: I wonder whether randomness has a role in this conversation.
Aristotle [bounding up the stairs into the scene and plunging his fingers into the bowl of snack mix]: Surely it does. Some events are unknowable. Snack mix consumption is a game of chance. You put your hand in and hope the odds are ever in your favor. … Oooh, bagel chips!
Socrates: What is the meaning of justice?
[The room falls silent. Thrasymachus drops a peanut.]
Socrates: Kant, you say that subjective taste is irrelevant, but in doing so you force the Eater to accept the mix-maker's ratios, regardless of their merit, the Eater's tastes, or the preferences of others. That's not free, just, or reasonable. Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau, I've grown tired of your slippery slopes. We're here in ancient Greece, walking around in bedsheets fashioned as garments, and yet even we can manage to create and share snack mixes from which many Eaters cherry-pick ingredients, without the fabric of civilization coming undone. Aristotle, if you consider snack mix consumption a random act, that is your decision. But the true Eater does not leave to chance that which can be made more delicious by choice.
[The room remains quiet. Socrates is on a roll.]
Socrates: Indeed, there is no greater justice than deliciousness, and the pursuit of that justice requires that one enjoy a snack mix to the fullest possible extent. Doing so means composing bites as the Eater desires them. The question here is, when cherry-picking is taking place, can all Eaters share equally in the benefits of just deliciousness?
I have no doubt that they can, and this leads me to my Theory of Snack Mix Forms.
Nietzsche's analogy to the eternal path was not far off. There is only one true snack mix, the Great Snack Mix in the Sky, which flows endlessly through the vast trough of time. From that mix, every conceivable bite can be composed at once, and no ingredient is ever lacking.
But when we eat snack mix, as we have done here today, we partake not of that most pure mix, but of a particular representation of it. These representations may vary, but when we eat them, we are all seeking to know and taste that highest Form, that most delectable reality, the one true mix. Each snack mix experience is another step in the same endless journey, not a discrete moment in time independent of the others. As with any long voyage, some steps may bring you closer to your destination while others may bear fewer fruit, or pretzels. Some days you may arrive at a snack mix that has been cherry-picked to oblivion, but over time and with persistence, you'll move ever closer to that Great Snack Mix in the Sky. Indeed, it is this most just pursuit of deliciousness that is the defining characteristic of the Eater.
[Socrates is finished speaking. The room is quiet. The only sound is Glaucon's faint pretzel crunching. Thrasymachus blushes. Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau quietly put their hats on and show themselves out.]
Kant: You guys know how to get to Prussia?
Aristotle: I'll show you.
[Aristotle and Kant leave together. Nietzsche returns to the bathroom floor.]
Glaucon: Let's go for a walk, Thrasymachus. We're out of pretzels.
[Exeunt.]
Excerpted from Eat More Better: How to Make Every Bite More Delicious by Dan Pashman. Out now from Simon & Schuster.
Hyper Light Drifter is looking magnificent. It's playing quite beautifully too, and you will hear my impressions of it very soon. But first, let's delve into the stylishly pink wonder's past, which definitely isn't all roses. Heart Machine head Alex Preston was born with a number of life-threatening heart defects, and he's spent his life alternatively triumphing over them and falling at their feet. Hyper Light Drifter is, in large part, inspired by those struggles – a swarm of ideas that have been flitting and buzzing about in Preston's mind for as long as he can remember. It was only this year, however, that he finally realized he *had* to breathe life into this game. Good ideas are infinite, but time, unfortunately, is painfully limited.
If the human gene pool was a hardware manufacturer, it'd be the most reviled in the business. It hurls out inconsistent, unpredictable products – spark-spitting machines that go all achy-breaky at the drop of a hat. Some come out top-of-the-line, destined to run marathons at peak efficiency and chug along happily for upward of a century, while others are just waiting for a single additional ingredient to set off a domino chain of degradation. Disease. Defects. Death.
There is, sadly, no return policy.
You work with what you've got. Unfortunately, some of us begin with very, very little. Forget ticking time bomb situations; some bodies have wrenches stuck in their most vital gears from the very beginning, internal clocks grinding and mashing like teeth on concrete. An “idyllic” childhood or even a careless young adulthood are just fantasies when mortality's right behind you every step of the way.
Hyper Light Drifter creator Alex Preston knows this better than anyone. But he also knows that life still happens, and you can't just quit because you weren't dealt an auto-magically winning hand.
“I have a heart condition,” he told me matter-of-factly, among the otherwise mundane chatter of a crowded hotel lobby, when I asked him why he'd recently been hospitalized. “I was born with it. I was also recently diagnosed with a genetic mutation that causes a lot of other issues. I just have things that happen all the time. I'll always be in and out of hospitals.”
“I can't live my life in a typical fashion that most people can. I have a very restricted and limited diet, for example. I'm limited in the physical activities I can do, and I have been throughout my life. That's kind of what led me down the path of playing a lot of games and indulging in a lot of media. I had a lot of downtime, so I really absorbed all that stuff. Especially with games, where it's this entire world you can escape to and become something else, you don't have to worry about stuff going on in your life currently. Games have always provided a good way to push the boundaries of my mind and get out of my own body.”
But it wasn't until this year – until Preston's third decade of life – that he found the motivation to make his own game on a large scale. He'd freelanced art and game design previously, but his own art remained insular. Close and personal. Safe. A stay in the hospital at the start of the year, however, changed all of that.
“I've always had bits and pieces of Hyper Light Drifter swirling around in my mind since I was a kid,” he explained. “This one's reared its head time after time, but it was only in the past year – I was hospitalized really early in the year – that I realized I needed to actually get something out. Before, I was very private about my work and what I was doing. I only shared it with close friends and didn't really put anything in the public eye. But I'm tired of hoarding all my work. It's time to make an effort and push on forward regardless of health problems or whatever else.”
It's hard, though. Not simply due to the fact that Preston's physical ability to work could be compromised at highly inopportune times, but because his health issues are in everything he creates. He can't help it. That piece of himself is ever-present, his core and his destruction. His work, then, is extremely personal, and showing that part of yourself to the world can be terrifying. Paralyzing. But he's moving forward with it nonetheless, and he's letting his personal life bleed through as it will.
“It goes into everything I do, really,” he gestured, thin frame suddenly powerful, almost proud. “My maladies have always been my art. Especially in this game, the story revolves around an ailing drifter. He's coping with his own set of problems, but he's still managing to live his life and do his job, essentially. There are definitely some autobiographical elements in the story.”
“The [company name] Heart Machine is inspired by that, too. I had open-heart surgery when I was about one year old. I had a couple holes in my heart. They had to patch those up. A couple years ago, I also had a pacemaker installed to help with the electrical pathways. Heart issues wrecked that stuff.”
And in the game? Yes, in the game. Hyper Light Drifter is still very much in development, but the hope is to include some sort of illness mechanic – at least, if it fits. Think less Far Cry 2 (though Preston liked the game and called it an “interesting” starting point) and more, well, whatever fits in a Diablo-meets-Link-to-the-Past ARPG.
“We're figuring out what exactly what will and work for the game right now – though we've done a lot of work on it already,” he explained. “So we're looking into all of that and maybe a possible illness mechanic.”
“We don't want to hinder the player in a way that's dissatisfying or frustrating. So if we end up having an illness mechanic, it'll be something that's interesting and fun in a way. Our baseline for this game is, ‘Is it fun?' We want to design around elegance, beauty, and an underlying core of fun. So even an illness mechanic has to be fun on some level.”
It's a harrowing line to walk, and Preston's very conscious of that. If he's letting the pressure get to him, however, he certainly wasn't showing it when we spoke. It was quite a happy moment for him, all things considered, due in large part to people's reaction to his labor of love. Openness and sincerity are powerful things, and fans – much to Preston's delight – have taken notice. More powerfully still, many of them have responded in kind.
“I've had a lot of good support and really positive feedback,” he grinned. “People sharing fan art and their own medical histories. It's been pretty touching. I'm always open to hear people's stories, and when they're genuine like that – when a complete stranger is willing to share those secrets and disabilities and what they're going through – I understand perfectly where they're coming from. How personal that is. Revealing that information is a huge deal.”
“There was also one guy on YouTube who said, ‘Fuck you, I was gonna make this game.' He was really serious. He really wanted me to get fucked,” he chuckled. “But there's been plenty of people who were like, ‘We're really inspired that you can put this out here. This is the kind of game I want to make. The kind of stuff I want to do.' As an artist, the fact that it resonates on that level is really what you shoot for.”
It's a thrillingly auspicious beginning, but now the real work begins. Preston's certainly not a game development neophyte, but he's never tackled a project of this scope and direction either. Hyper Light Drifter, meanwhile, suddenly has a whole, whole lot more expectation riding on it now that it's pulled in $645,158 on Kickstarter. You could be forgiven, then, for worrying that Preston might not be able to pull it off. But this isn't a one-man show, and Preston thinks he's assembled a team that can deliver and then some.
“I feel like I have a responsibility to these fans to make something great,” he said, soberly.
“There's been a couple failed projects where they mismanaged money or overscoped or all sorts of bad things happened. For me, I've been buddies with these guys I'm working with for a while. They're reliable. They're solid dudes. They've been working on their own games for years. Casey Hunt is one of our teammates. He was part of this group called Three Legged Legs. They made amazing commercials and motion graphics stuff for years. He's a creative producer, so he's super experienced in that area. And then there's [Samurai Gunn creator] Beau Blyth. He's been making games forever now. Also, Teddy [Diefenbach]. He's been super reliable and in the industry longer than any of us. He used to work at larger companies like Disney Interactive.”
He added that all of them are generally used to working with belts tightened and piggy banks skeletal, so they're not suddenly going to go off and splurge in all the wrong places. “It's not like we're gonna go out and buy Lamborghinis or anything,” he smirked.
For Preston, this is the start of one of the biggest endeavors of his life, art bigger and bolder than anything he's attempted previously. But it's also more than that. It's a culmination of years of shifts and upheavals, ailments he couldn't control and constant uncertainty. That aspect of his life will probably never change, but now he's taking matters into his own hands. Now he's following his heart instead of letting it hold him back and drag him down.
“My health issues are my problem. They're my disabilities, but I cope with them and I'll continue to cope with them. And now I have lots of support. I've always had solid support, but this year's been particularly rough, and I was able to get this thing out.”
“I'm done hoarding my work.”
A UF walk-on turned hero early Thursday morning when he stopped a sexual assault behind a Gainesville bar, according to police.
Cristian Garcia, a fourth-year junior from Miami, works security at a Gainesville establishment, Cantina 101. At around 2:20 a.m. Thursday he was taking out garbage when he noticed a man and woman having sex.
The report states Garcia soon noticed the 19-year-old woman was unconscious.
"I knew there was no way she could be giving consent," Garcia told First Coast News.
Gainesville Police later would arrest Christopher Lee Shaw, whom Garcia helped identify, and charged him with sexual battery.
Garcia told police Shaw's friends were watching the assault take place, leading Garcia to grab Shaw's shoulders and tell him stop. Shaw became violent and threw a few punches before he ran off.
"I hold strong moral values and I don't think anyone should be taken advantage of in that kind of way," Garcia told First Coast News.
Interviewed later at the hospital, the unidentified woman told GPD she did not consent to having sex with the man. According to the report, she tried to push him away "but was physically helpless because she was going in and out of consciousness due to her level of intoxication."
Garcia has appeared in one game for the Gators, recording two assisted tackles during the Buffalo Wild Wings Citrus Bowl loss to Michigan.
Email Edgar Thompson at egthompson@orlandosentinel.com. Read the Swamp Things blog at www.orlandosentinel.com/swampthings. Follow our UF coverage on Twitter @osgators.
3) Flip tile over and start to colour or draw a design with the sharpies. The rubbing alcohol will spread the ink around, so don't be afraid to make mistakes and don't worry about drawing pictures.
4) Once tile is coloured, use the eye dropper or toothbrush to add or flick rubbing alcohol onto the tile. At this point you will see you colours starting to mix and swirl. You can use your fingers or the popsicle stick to help move the alcohol along. Darker colours will overpower lighter colours ~ experiment with your colour choices. If you don't like what you've created you can still apply a liberal amount of rubbing alcohol at this point and wipe your tile clean to start again. (Note if you use your fingers, they will get stained, apply rubbing alcohol to help remove stain)
5) Once the rubbing alcohol is dried and you are happy with your design, colour the sides of your tiles using a sharpie. Be careful at this point, your design can be scratched.
6) Now that you've coloured the sides of your tile with a sharpie, use the Mod Podge and apply the Mod Podge with a brush only onto the sides of your tile. This will protect the colour and sides of your tile.
7) Once the Mod Podge is dried then you can spray the top of your tile with Engine Enamel. Follow the application instructions on the engine enamel as each brand is slightly different. What the engine enamel does is to protect the sharpie design on your coaster AND allow you to put hot beverages on it.
a) If you are doing this project with kids, or as a group, you can use Mod Podge on the top of the tile to protect your design. However, this will make hot beverages stick a little bit when you use the coaster, just be careful when you pick up your mug as the coaster might come with it.
8) Once dried, you have a lovely tile coaster that can be use with both hot and cold beverages* enjoy!
*If you used Engine Enamel
BEREA, Ohio - Browns coach Rob Chudzinski announced Wednesday morning that Jason Campbell will start at quarterback Sunday against the 7-0 Kansas City Chiefs.
"Obviously Brandon was disappointed, but he's a pro,'' said Chudzinski. "I'm committed to doing whatever gives us the best chance to win. From a game plan standpoint, I like the things that Jason Campbell brings to the table.''
Chudzinski said he made the decision on Monday night and talked to both quarterbacks about it.
"It's a tough decision,'' he said. "I believe this is in the best interest of the team ultimately and gives us the best chance to win. I'm excited to see what Jason will do with this opportunity."
He said Campbell's experience and leadership were the deciding factors. He's 31-40 in his 71 starts during his nine-year career.
"I think that looking at Jason and the things that he brings to the table, leadership, his experience, he's been productive and he's been successful in the league,'' said Chudzinski. "I think when you look at his arm strength and you look at his mobility and some of those things and tie it into as far as a game plan standpoint, it's what we feel like we need for this game and gives us the best chance."
Chudzinski said he'll evaluate the quarterback situation on a week-to-week basis.
"The goal is to put the guy out there who gives us the best opportunity to win,'' said Chudzinski. "Going back and forth isn't ideal, but ultimately finding the production and consistency that we need is the goal."
Weeden stopped into the locker room during the interview period, but declined to talk about his benching.
Campbell, who was passed over earlier in the season for Brian Hoyer when Weeden was out with his sprained thumb, is eager for the start.
"It's an opportunity to go out here and just get back to the game and just have fun,'' said Campbell, who went 11-7 in his last two seasons as a starter in Oakland in 2010 and 2011. "Obviously we want to win games and do the best that we can, but at the same time we understand that we are a growing football team and our goal and mission every week is to go out and win games and do the best at it. The one thing we can't forget is just to get back to having fun."
Campbell stressed that the offensive woes were not all about Weeden.
"It's not about one person, I know everyone wanted to say it is about Brandon but it was not about one person,'' he said. "We as a collective group have to do a better job play in and play out of doing our own job and I think the only thing that I should do is be a leader and at the same time try to do my job to the best of my ability and not try and do anything to the extreme and try to stay within the game."
Campbell acknowledged that the announcement was bittersweet.
"Yeah, ya know, decisions are made and it was tough for the same time for me even with the friendship that I have with Brandon I made sure I talked with him and keep him encouraged and keep his head up,'' said Campbell. "Like I said it is not about one person we understand that in this game changes are made at times and you have to move on in life and continue to keep striving to do the best you can. Like I told him you keep striving to get better."
Chudzinski said Campbell not playing in the fourth preseason game in Chicago, when he had the flu, had nothing to do with him being passed over this season.
"He was real sick,'' Chudzinski said. "It would've been difficult for him to play.''
Campbell will face a relentless defense Sunday that's No. 1 in the NFL with 35 sacks, 10 more than the No. 2 team, Baltimore. The Chiefs also own the third-ranked pass defense.
"They are number one in third down, number one in the red zone and number one I think in points allowed so it is defiantly a challenge, each and every week is a challenge but Arrowhead is one of the loudest stadiums in the NFL,'' said Campbell. "That means even more we need to be on the same page with our play calls and make sure everyone is hearing it and getting lined up correctly because it is going to be hard to hear at times and when you go into a hostile environment like this you have to make sure we are together and keep our composure."
Weeden is coming off his second straight poor outing during Sunday's 31-13 loss to the Packers.
In that game, he completed 17-of-42 attempts for 149 yards with one touchdown and one interception for a 48.6 rating.
Overall, he has tumbled to 0-4 as a starter with a 66.5 rating, which is 30th in the NFL.
React: Feel better about the Browns' chances with Jason Campbell?
Jason Campbell to start for Cleveland Browns Sunday 13 Gallery: Jason Campbell to start for Cleveland Browns Sunday
Despite only being a week from release, we still don't know who Scoot McNairy' is playing in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. Superman villain Metallo, Justice League founder Green Lantern and, most recently, a French magazine listing him as Jimmy Olsen, Superman's best pal, have all been reported.
With the movie's New York premiere this Sunday, Flickering Myth has seen the red carpet talent list – the notes distributed to the press so they know what to ask the actors about as they walk past. Scoot McNairy is listed as “Wallace Keefe”.
Who? Nobody in Batman or Superman lore shares the Wallace Keefe name. The closest resemblance we could find was in Batman #107 from April 1957 in its story ‘Robin Falls in Love!', where Ben Keefe is a jewel thief masquerading as a press photographer.
This directly disproves that McNairy is playing Jimmy Olsen, but not another rumour. Latino Review reported in February that his character is an anonymous pawn in Lex Luther's plan, and was left handicapped after Superman and Zod's fight in Metropolis at the end of Man of Steel. Luthor is said to use this man's hatred of Superman to “weaponise” him and use him as a “human bomb”.
ComicBook.com theorised from this description that McNairy was playing a character from the comics called Jose Delgado, who also goes by the name Gangbuster. Following an accident where he protected Lois Lane and lost the ability to walk, he was given a metallic suit that gave him enhanced abilities – however it was soon revealed that Luthor was controlling the suit for his own will and used Gangbuster as his own personal weapon.
As for who, exactly, Wallace Keefe is, we'll have to wait until the movie is released.
UPDATE: Here's a clip featuring McNairy alongside Holly Hunter's Senator Finch and Henry Cavill's Man of Steel…
SEE ALSO: Follow all of our DC Extended Universe coverage here
Fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero left unchecked, Gotham City's own formidable, forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis's most revered, modern-day savior, while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs. And with Batman and Superman at war with one another, a new threat quickly arises, putting mankind in greater danger than it's ever known before.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is set for release on March 25th 2016 and sees Zack Snyder directing a cast that includes returning Man of Steel stars Henry Cavill (Superman), Amy Adams (Lois Lane), Diane Lane (Martha Kent), Laurence Fishburne (Perry White), Harry Lennix (General Swanwick) and Christina Wren (Carrie Farris) alongside Ben Affleck (Argo) as Batman, Gal Gadot (Fast & Furious 6) as Wonder Woman, Jason Momoa (Game of Thrones) as Aquaman, Ray Fisher as Cyborg, Ezra Miller (The Perks of Being a Wallflower) as The Flash, Jesse Eisenberg (Now You See Me) as Lex Luthor, Jeremy Irons (The Borgias) as Alfred Pennyworth, Holly Hunter (The Piano) as Senator Finch, Tao Okamoto (The Wolverine) as Mercy Graves, Lauren Cohan (The Walking Dead) as Martha Wayne, Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Watchmen) as Thomas Wayne, Scoot McNairy (Argo) as Wallace Keefe and Callan Mulvey (300: Rise of an Empire) and Jena Malone (Sucker Punch) in as-yet-unrevealed roles.
There is a gaping hole in the latest effort to reinvigorate the search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI), one so big it could hold an estimated 357 million boxes of cornflakes.
The hole opened last week when tech billionaire Yuri Milner announced the Breakthrough Listen initiative, a 10-year, $100-million shot in the arm for SETI, operated through Milner's Breakthrough Prize Foundation. The initiative includes funding for unprecedented amounts of SETI time at three world-class observatories: the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia, the Automated Planet Finder telescope in California and the Parkes Observatory in Australia. What's missing from the partnership is the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico, which at 305 meters wide is the biggest and most sensitive single-dish radio telescope in the world. SETI godfather and former Arecibo director, astronomer Frank Drake, once calculated that the instrument could not only hold all those cornflakes, but also receive (or send) radio messages throughout much of the galaxy.
The omission at first seems inexplicable, because SETI and Arecibo are inseparably intertwined. Drake, a key player in Breakthrough Listen, famously used the telescope in 1974 to transmit his “Arecibo message” toward the globular star cluster M13. The message was meant to be an interstellar postcard from our culture, and included pictographic figures of our planet, our solar system and even the recipe for DNA. Today, the observatory remains the primary source feeding data to the groundbreaking SETI@home citizen science project, which uses idle computer time to scour the data for alien signals. Like Drake, SETI@home is also a key part of the Breakthrough Listen initiative, and will be distributing some of the project's new data to its millions of volunteers.
The foundation was and still is interested in partnering with Arecibo, Scientific American has learned. But according to Arecibo Director Robert Kerr, that partnership is currently being prevented due to a poison pill inserted by the observatory's owner, the National Science Foundation (NSF). The situation is a startling example of a cash-strapped federal agency seeking to offload an expensive, world-class facility to the private sector—at the potential cost of compromising its ability to perform world-class scientific research.
Driven by budget cuts, for years the NSF has sought to preserve its extensive program of research grants and to support newer facilities by divesting from older ones, including Arecibo, encouraging each one to find outside funding partners or to otherwise risk closure. The NSF reviews and approves all possible partnerships, provided the partnership does not interfere with an observatory's obligations to the agency. For instance, the NSF also owns Green Bank and is seeking to divest from it as well, even though the state-of-the-art facility offers astronomers the world's largest fully steerable radio dish (Arecibo is much bigger, but cannot be aimed at all parts of the sky). The NSF approved Green Bank's Breakthrough Listen partnership, allowing Milner to purchase 15 percent of the telescope's observing time for SETI, although NSF officials say even with that cash infusion Green Bank's continued operations remain in jeopardy.
According to Kerr, Breakthrough presented Arecibo with a contract for a similar partnership, but negotiations stalled when the NSF informed Kerr and the rest of Arecibo's Executive Governing Committee that the deal would be considered part of the agency's divestment strategy. That is, to accept money for Breakthrough Listen, Arecibo would first have to forgo further funding from the NSF, which currently provides some $4 million a year through a cooperative agreement that expires in September 2016. (The observatory also receives funding from other sources, including about $2 million a year from NASA, which uses Arecibo to monitor potentially dangerous near-Earth asteroids.)
Even with the Breakthrough money promised by the foundation, Kerr says, the NSF's divestment “might well result in the cessation of science operations at Arecibo, and possibly closure.” If Arecibo managed to stay open after divestment, Kerr says, it would struggle to fulfill the proposed Breakthrough Listen contract, which does not include funding for basic operational costs such as electrical power for the telescope.
James Ulvestad, director of the NSF's Division of Astronomical Sciences, disputes Kerr's characterization of the situation. Arecibo, he says, is “incredibly valuable,” and the NSF would be “quite pleased” if the observatory could partner with Breakthrough. Even so, he would not rule out the possibility of the observatory losing NSF funding through a future Breakthrough partnership. The decision, Ulvestad says, hinges on details of the proposed partnership that Arecibo's management have yet to provide to the NSF.
“We don't have any hard and fast rule that says if you get some new partner that brings in a dollar, then we're going to take a dollar away from you,” Ulvestad says. Instead, he says, the NSF evaluates any possible partnership based on how it affects the agency's broader mission. The NSF mandates that all of its telescopes, including Arecibo, must conduct a program of observations proposed and selected via peer review by the U.S. astronomy community. “We're in the business every day of making priority choices of where to spend a limited pot of money,” Ulvestad says. “If some fraction of [Arecibo's] time isn't being spent on open-user community science anymore, we have to think… Should we be giving them the same amount of money to do less of our mission?”
Kerr rejects the NSF's position as a catch-22 cleverly designed to further the agency's budget-cutting goals. As appealing as the Breakthrough Listen observations at Arecibo might be, they would be taking place outside the realm of peer review, and would thus not contribute to that portion of the NSF's mandate. The further cuts to NSF-mandated science observations that would likely be required to fulfill a Breakthrough Listen partnership could consequently provide the NSF with a convenient excuse to justify divestment. “This new situation waxes unscrupulous,” he says. “The NSF now insists that we do commercial, non–peer-reviewed science so they can divest—and show positively that Arecibo no longer does mainstream radio astronomy and is thus unworthy for NSF investment. Amazing.”
In all likelihood, Breakthrough will continue to court Arecibo, seeking a middle ground between the struggling observatory and the NSF. In addition to Breakthrough Listen, Milner has formed a sister initiative for which Arecibo seems custom-made. Dubbed “Breakthrough Message,” the $1-million effort is an open competition to design digital messages to send to extraterrestrial civilizations. Milner, Drake and others involved with the project are careful to note that Breakthrough Message does not presently include plans to unilaterally transmit those messages—a practice that many astronomers now view as irresponsible and potentially dangerous because it could attract the attention of hostile advanced civilizations. But it is undeniable that transmitting targeted messages would require much less time on Arecibo than a broadband, wide-field search for talkative aliens, meaning it could more easily coexist with ongoing NSF and NASA peer-reviewed science observations.
The NSF, for its part, seems to have a vested interest in playing along. A full divestment and closure of Arecibo—which was built in a giant limestone sinkhole deep in the Puerto Rican jungle—would obligate the agency to dismantle the observatory and return the area to its “natural state.” Two NSF-commissioned engineering studies since 2008 have priced that endeavor at around $100 million—the same price tag as Milner's entire decadal SETI effort.
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre and Gaming operator Charlie "Atong" Ang. File/Composite
NINONG: Gaming operator Charlie "Atong" Ang on Tuesday linked Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre to the $81-million Bangladesh Bank heist, saying the justice chief acted as a "protector" to one of the tycoons linked to the crime.
Speaking to radio DZMM, Ang said Aguirre is a "ninong" or protector of the family of casino junket operator Kim Wong, who has admitted to having received $35 million of the funds stolen from the Bangladesh Central Bank in February 2016.
"Kayo Aguirre, ikaw ang ninong ng anak ni Kim Wong. Kayo ang nagsimula niyan. Mag-kumpare iyan. Magkasama sila," Ang said.
For his part, Aguirre denied the allegations and said he is ready to face any investigation.
"Kung mayroong ebidensya itong si Atong, dapat magdemanda na agad siya at humingi siya ng kahit anong investigation, pwede kong harapin siya," he said in a separate DZMM interview.
BANGLADESH BANK HEIST
Chinese businessman Kam Sin Wong, also known as Kim Wong, shows a photo of the Php100 million delivered to Solaire Resorts and Casino during the Senate hearing on the $81 million money laundering scheme. Wong admitted coursing some of the money to the RCBC Jupiter branch. Jonathan Cellona, ABS-CBN New
Hackers reportedly from China transferred $81 million from Bangladesh central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to 4 accounts at a branch of Rizal Commercial Banking Corp. (RCBC) in Makati.
The money was quickly withdrawn and later disappeared in the huge casino industry in the country.
Wong admitted in a Senate hearing that $35 million of the funds were remitted to him. He returned only $15 million, saying that the rest of the money ended up with other casino personalities.
Philippine investigators have filed criminal charges against several individuals and a remittance company for money laundering in connection with the heist at the country's Department of Justice (DOJ).
Former RCBC bank manager Maia Santos-Deguito at a Senate hearing on the bank heist. File Photo
Ang noted that Aguirre excluded Wong from the filing of cases, which covered sacked RCBC manager Maya Deguito and Philrem, the foreign exchange trader that served as the link between RCBC and recipients like Wong.
"Para mapagtakpan niya ang kay Kim Wong, tingnan mo ang ginawa niya. Hinack nila iyan tapos kinasuhan nila ang Philrem money remittance tapos iyung Deguito na gustong tumestigo, kinasuhan din nila," Ang said.
"Tapos si Kim Wong na siya mismo ang kumuha, sinauli lang ang P450 million, bale 1 percent lang -- sabi niya, napakabuting tao ni Kim Wong... Kailangan malaman ng taumbayan lahat ng katarantaduhan ng si Aguirre na iyan."
JACK LAM, SANDRA CAM
Ang went on to accuse Aguirre of ordering 2 Immigration officials to extort money from gambling tycoon Jack Lam, who allegedly employed hundreds of undocumented Chinese workers in his online casino in Pampanga.
Former Immigration deputy commissioners Michael Robles and Al Argosino, Ang said, approached him for help, claiming that they were only following orders from a "higher-up."
"Siya (Aguirre) ang nag-utos. Hindi ko masasabing nakinabang siya sa pera," Ang said.
He added that Wally Sombero, Lam's alleged aide who handed P50 million to Argosino and Robles, was able to temporarily leave the country in January because of Aguirre.
"Tanungin niyo si Wally kung papaano siya nakalabas sa airport... Inilabas siya ni Aguirre. Iyan ang totoo diyan," Ang said.
Ang also alleged that Aguirre asked him not to reveal his purported role in the extortion scheme during a Senate investigation.
"Tumawag siya kay Sandra Cam. Alam kasi niyang kakilala ko si Sandra. 'Pakitanong mo nga sa kaibigan mo kung anong sasabihin niya sa Senate. Pakisabi naman na huwag niya akong idamay,'" Ang said.
AGUIRRE'S BROTHER
During the DZMM interview, Ang also accused Aguirre of using his authority to promote the Small Town Lottery (STL) operations of his brother, Engineer Ogie Aguirre, while tearing down its competitor, the Meridien Vista Gaming Corp.
Ang is an adviser of Meridien, which operates the Virtual Two lottery game that is popular in several provinces, including Pangasinan, Rizal, Bicol, Batangas and Bicol.
Meridien is based in Pangasinan but accepts bets from adjoining provinces, where its operations are sanctioned by mayors.
Aguirre, Ang said, has threatened local officials to cancel Meridien's permits.
"Patutunayan ko na iyang kapatid mo, kinakausap ang mga local government... Tinatakot niya at tinatakot mo na kailangang patigilin, i-cancel ang permit ng Meridien," he told Aguirre.
Ang previously accused Aguirre and National Security Adviser Hermogenes Esperon of plotting to kill him in order to corner the gambling trade in the country.
Aguirre and Esperon have denied the allegations.
"It is very likely that he is concocting tall tales again as in past years or is simply paranoid, which is typical of people who engage in illegal activities," Esperon said in a statement.
"He should show evidence or witnesses that I want to see him dead," he added. With a report by Reuters
I've had my Apple Watch now for a few days shy of two months and I'm not giving it up. Back in March, I had thought,going to graduate school and working full-time, that the value proposition of Apple Watch was not worth the expense. Then, as an incredible surprise, my awesome wife contacted my family and friends and had them go together to get me an Apple Watch for my birthday. It has been life-changing.
Others have panned Apple Watch and “broken up” with it.1 In my assessment, most of those bad experiences were caused by wrong expectations. What are the right expectations? The ones that Apple told us at the very start: time-keeping, communication, and fitness. Though I've written about Apple Watch each week for the last two months, I purposefully haven't written about those tentpoles as they're not things you can assess in a week. Now that it's been two months, it's time.
Timekeeping
I haven't worn a watch in nearly 20 years, so I've realized the value of having the time on your wrist. But this isn't just a watch that is unchanging. The options need to grow, but there are great ways to personalize the watch. After reading Lewis Smith's experience about his watchscreen feature, I've settled into using three faces:
On the left is the Utility face I use at work and away from the house, with the calendar so I can see my next appointment coming up. I change the color to match whatever dominant color I'm wearing that day. When I quit work and get home, though, I switch to the Simple face, as I don't need to know the time as precisely at home. The simplicity of the face is somehow calming to me and it serves as a visual reminder to be less stressed at home. I add in the sunset complication so I can see how long I have to go for my evening run before the sun sets. After my run, to celebrate, I switch over to the Mickey face as a reminder to enjoy the rest of the evening with my family. I keep in the activity setting to celebrate filling the ring, and I have an alarm complication there so I can set my alarm easily.2
What other watch can do that? What other watch can match your outfit, no matter what it is? What other watch can give you, not just time, but key information you can see at a glance? What other watch can completely change its entire face to symbolize the change in attitude you want to have based on different situations?
Though some thought the time-keeping segment of the keynotes was wasted, I'm finding, unexpectedly, that this is one aspect of the Watch that I'm enjoying the most! In fact, when I demonstrate the watch to others, I've started to make sure I start by showing them how you can change faces. That has gotten far better reactions than running apps. With one teenager, I showed her was how you can change the faces (I showed her the Mickey face) and she yelled out “I need to get one of those!” That's all she needed.
Communication
I can't tell you how convenient it is to send off messages from my wrist. I notice this most when walking, when shopping, or when driving. In all of those situations, it would be difficult, awkward, or dangerous to stop, pull out my phone, and type or dictate a message. But raising my wrist and using Hey Siri to send a message is great in those situations. Even at my desk, at my Mac with my iPhone beside me, I find that I send messages from my wrist rather than grabbing my phone or switching to the iMessage app. There's something so natural about raising to speak, and it's awesome.
I wrote previously about how getting pictures of my son on my wrist is indescribably heart-warming. Even still, when my wife sends me a picture of my son, I open it up on my wrist even if I've already seen it on my computer. There's huge power in feeling connected to them even while away.
Now that I'm taking classes four nights a week, I've come to deeply appreciate the way Apple Watch helps me tell my wife I love her and am I thinking of her. She doesn't have an Apple Watch, and doesn't really want one, so we can't use Digital Touch, so I set up a pre-formed message telling her that I love her. At random times throughout the day, during meetings at work, or during class at night, I send her that message with just a couple taps–and hear back from her discreetly. In most of those situations, I couldn't have pulled out my phone. Without Apple Watch, those little moments of connection between my wife and I couldn't have taken place.
Health & Fitness
I didn't grow up in a family that exercised, so exercise has never been a habit in my life. I can't count the number of times I've tried to start exercising. With my wife's encouragement, I've started trying this year, but I was rather inconsistent with it. I was glad to get iPhone 6 which had a pedometer (formerly had a 4s), so I started tracking my steps with Stepz. That helped. I found the app Human, which tracked my activity throughout the day and helped me more. I was being active and walking far more than I ever had in my life, but I was still inconsistent and nowhere near a healthy lifestyle. But then I got Apple Watch. As for its effect, all I need to do is show you this chart:
Because of Apple Watch tracking my fitness and giving me goals to meet, I've actually started exercising. I've finally visited my doctor to deal with knee pain that was my excuse for not exercising. I'm parking my car far away from building entrances and I'm taking the stairs. I've started to look for ways that I can add movement into my day. I now read my textbooks while walking. I've started running a few times a week, and, for the first time in my life, I'm starting to enjoy it. I've even gone for a run when I didn't “need” to b/c I had already filled my ring! Exercise is starting to be, not just a habit, but something I want to do, and my life is infinitely better for it.
It's been common for people to say that you don't need Apple Watch. But in the last two months, I've come to realize that I really do. I should be disciplined enough to exercise without it, but the reality is that I'm not. I need that constant reminder. I need the tactful urging. I need the green circles. And the green circles are working:
No, I've not been perfect. I've missed some days–even an entire week when I was at a conference. But the blue you see is blue that wouldn't be there unless Apple Watch told me to stand. The red you see is red that wouldn't exist if Apple Watch didn't give me a goal to reach during the day. And without Apple Watch, none of the green that you see would be there because I simply did not exercise before Apple Watch.
Apple Watch has changed me, not just for a day, not just for two months, but, by helping me exercise, I hope for life. If this were all Apple Watch did for me, it would be worth every penny.
Conclusion
When I reflect on the last two months with Apple Watch, what stands out is not anything related to technology. Apple Watch is technology, but it's not about speeds or specs or sizes. It is about helping me be more fully human, helping me connect to the ones I love, helping me be the person I want to be. It is helping me to live better, not just to live faster. It is helping me to be fully alive, and not just to live.
So thank, you, Apple Watch, for helping me live better these last two months. Here's to another two.
You can subscribe to this site via RSS, Tumblr or by following MarkDMill on Twitter.
If you enjoyed this, you might also want to check out the other weekly reviews of Apple Watch I've done:
Footnotes
1. Curious language, given how I've written about Apple using border-line sexual language to market Apple Watch. ↩️
2. I anticipate, in the future, that I'll switch to a picture of my family after my evening run, even though it doesn't have complications, just so I have the visual reminder to be fully present with my family.↩️
Advertisements
Reacting to a freak accident that killed a woman two years ago, the San Jose City Council is poised to give dog owners a shorter leash to control their pets on park trails.
The council on Tuesday is scheduled to consider — and expected to approve — an ordinance that would require owners to keep their dogs on leashes no longer than 6 feet, 14 feet shorter than is now allowed.
First-time violators would get a warning, second-time violators may be issued a $100 citation, and a third violation in three years could be a $200 fine.
The proposed ordinance comes after a series of community meetings held by Councilwoman Nancy Pyle. Pyle organized the meetings following a fatal accident that occurred on Sept. 16, 2009.
Beverly Head was taking a morning walk when her legs became entangled in a dog leash as a mountain biker riding alongside his two Siberian Huskies passed her on the Los Alamitos Creek Trail. The retired 62-year-old phlebotomist fell, bumped her head and was conscious after the accident. But at the hospital, her brain swelled and she died the next day.
The bicyclist, who stayed afterward to help, was never charged with a crime despite desperate pleas from her 67-year-old widower, Bob Head.
The law enforcement agencies essentially told Head that after a review of the police and coroner's reports, they determined that a crime had not been committed. There is no law forbidding bicyclists to ride on public paths while exercising their dogs on leashes.
Bob Head said he doesn't think the proposed new law goes far enough.
Instead, he wants city and park leaders to forbid bicyclists from riding alongside dogs on leashes.
But Yves Zsutty, a trail manager with the city's Park, Recreation and Neighborhood Services, said there would be no realistic way to patrol the trails and enforce such stringent restrictions.
“Basically, we tried to find a balance,” he said.
What this proposed ordinance would do is amend the current leash law, which has allowed dogs to be walked on 20-foot leashes in open spaces and on city trails. This new proposal shortens the leash to 6 feet on city trails, putting it into the same category as a city sidewalk.
Also new in the proposed ordinance is a rule that tells dogs and their owners to walk, jog or bicycle to the right of the trail.
Jon Cicirelli, deputy director of San Jose's Animal Care and Services, said dog owners can still have up to 20-foot leashes in open, grassy spaces in a park, as long as the dog isn't bothering anyone.
This shorter leash amendment follows on the heels of several actions the city took last summer, many of which were in the works before Beverly Head's death.
Also, as a result of the new ordinance, new signs will be posted to remind trail users of the new law. Those signs will include the new 6-foot-leash rule as well as documented state law that limits cyclists to wearing one headphone rather than two, and reiterates Santa Clara County's 15 mph speed limit on trails.
Contact Lisa Fernandez at 408-920-5002.
Today's contentious nomination hearing for Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-OK) to be NASA Administrator was split along partisan lines. Democratic Senators questioned his credentials and viewpoints about climate change, sexual harassment and other issues that could affect how he runs the agency and its personnel. Republicans defended him and chafed at the tenor of the hearing. The committee will vote on the nomination on November 8.
The committee's top Democrat, Sen. Bill Nelson (D-FL), has made no secret of his disapproval from the beginning. Today he laid out his case that Bridenstine is not the person for the job. Although his oral statement was slightly softer than his written statement, the bottom line is that he does not believe Bridenstine has the technical qualifications to run the agency and be the final arbiter on safety decisions regarding the three new human spacecraft that will debut in the next two years. He also thinks that it is inappropriate for a politician to run an agency that should be apolitical.
Those are only a few of his reservations, however. He and other Democratic Senators bored in on Bridenstine's views about climate change; political attacks he has made on not only Democratic politicians, but Republicans as well; his appearances on radio shows and at conferences associated with hate groups; and his views on the LGBTQ community and sexual harassment.
Bridenstine responded to each of the questions in turn. On issues affecting how he will manage NASA's 18,000 civil servants, such as his views against gay marriage, he insisted that his personal views are not the point, that he will follow the law. He repeatedly said that he believes every human being deserves respect, has worth, and is valued and everyone will be treated fairly and equally. He said he will have a zero tolerance policy for sexual harassment.
As for political attacks against others over the almost 5 years that he has been in Congress, he drew the distinction between his job representing his constituents in the first district of Oklahoma and the role he would have at NASA. He likened the latter to his duties as a military pilot where politics is not a factor. He was a Navy pilot for nine years and currently flies in the Oklahoma Air National Guard. As for his association with controversial groups or individuals, he insisted that he did not know they held those points of view or were part of hate groups.
Two of the more substantive issues were his views on climate change considering that NASA spends almost $2 billion a year on earth science research and whether he has the technical qualifications to lead the agency at a time when three new vehicles — the commercial crew systems Crew Dragon and Starliner plus NASA's own Orion — will be making their maiden flights.
In the past, Bridenstine had indicated that he did not accept the scientific consensus that the climate is changing because of human activity. Today he said that he accepts that humans are a cause of climate change, but would not go as far as to say that it is the primary cause. He went on to say that NASA is the only agency in the world that can do the kind of science needed to answer questions like that.
Several Republicans known to be climate change skeptics made statements pushing back against the extent to which humans affect it, but did not require Bridenstine to reply. Sen. Roger Wicker (R-MS) said the operative point is that Bridenstine had “solemnly assured” the committee that he would ensure politics and his personal philosophy about climate change would not be “injected” into NASA's scientific work.
Sen. Brian Schatz (D-HI) challenged Bridenstine on a provision of the American Space Renaissance Act (ASRA) that he introduced last year that, according to Schatz, would have eliminated earth science from NASA's statutory goals. Bridenstine insisted that was not his intent. In response to several questions about whether he would ensure scientific integrity at NASA and that NASA earth scientists could speak freely without fear of punishment, he assured the committee that no one would be punished for expressing their views on that topic.
As for his qualifications to ensure the safety of the three new crew vehicles, Nelson asked how he would have handled a situation like the day the space shuttle Challenger was launched on January 28, 1986. As a Member of the House of Representatives, Nelson flew on the shuttle mission immediately prior to Challenger. Challenger was destroyed 73 seconds after launch when a rubber O-ring failed in one of the shuttle's solid rocket boosters because of unusually cold temperatures at the launch site. All seven crew members were killed. Whether or not to launch had been controversial with differing technical points of view. Nelson asked Bridenstine what he would do if confronted with such a situation.
Bridenstine said that while he understands that the responsibility would be his, he would rely on technical experts such as Robert Lightfoot (currently the Acting Administrator, usually the Associate Administrator) or Bill Gerstenmaier (in charge of the Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate) and the Independent Technical Authorities at NASA who “need to remain independent.” Nelson suggested that he “ponder” what he would do if they disagreed with each other.
Republican Senators did not so much make the case that Bridenstine has the qualifications that Democrats found lacking, but praised him as a person. Sen. James Inhofe (R-OK) and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) called him a hero for his military service. Inhofe represented the first district of Oklahoma before he became Senator. He said he knows Bridenstine better than anyone on the committee and “I believe he's going to be the very best administrator” the country has had.
Cruz, one of the last Senators to speak, criticized Democrats for the tenor of the hearing: “this committee's sorry performance… may not be surprising in the current environment, but is disappointing nonetheless.” He said he was “proud and deeply gratified” that Trump nominated Bridenstine to be NASA Administrator and he brings “exceptional fitness” for the job. “I believe you're going to get confirmed, but I would say to my Democratic friends on this committee, that if the confirmation ends up going down as a party line vote, I think that would be deeply unfortunate for NASA and for the space community.”
On other issues, Bridenstine said in his opening statement or in answer to questions that —
NASA needs a consensus-driven agenda based on the national interest;
if confirmed, he will build on the work accomplished by NASA under the previous administration, and follow the NASA Transition Authorization Act, appropriations bills, and the Decadal Surveys produced by the National Academies;
he agrees with the Trump Administration's goal of sending humans to Mars with the Moon as a proving ground;
he will work to promote a NASA culture where safety, transparency, and independent oversight are celebrated;
he wants to drive the commercial space economy further out beyond Earth;
he will lead a space technology program to develop solar electric propulsion, in-space robotic assembly, and closed-loop environmental control and life support systems to form the foundation of a future expansion of economic activity in low Earth orbit and beyond;
he wants to leverage everything the United States and its international partners have to offer so NASA can carry out not only exploration missions back to the Moon and on to Mars, but Earth Science, Planetary Science, Heliophysics, Astrophysics and Aeronautics Research;
he supports the Orion program 100%; and
his “highest ambition is for NASA to remain apolitical.”
Bridenstine answered questions for most of the two-and-a-half hour hearing. Three other Trump nominees were also being considered by the committee today, but they got few questions. Among them is Neil Jacobs, nominated to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Environmental Observation and Prediction, a top job at NOAA. Jacobs did not say anything about his views on NOAA's satellite programs.
For more detail on the hearing's give and take, check out our live tweets (@SpcPlcyOnline).
Note: This article was updated on November 1 after the committee announced that it would mark up Bridenstine's nomination next week, on November 8, at 9:45 am ET. It will mark up Neil Jacobs' nomination at the same time. Also, an earlier version of this article incorrectly showed Sen. Cruz as being from FL in one instance. He is from TX, as indicated elsewhere.
Donald Trump. Pool/Getty Images Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse said during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Thursday that the president currently has the power to remove individuals from the Office of Foreign Asset Control's (OFAC) sanctions list.
Whitehouse said that while the president "is highly unlikely to be able to undo the Magnitsky Act" — legislation passed in 2012 that imposed punishing sanctions and travel restrictions on high-level Russian officials — he does have the power to "remove people off the OFAC list."
That list is officially known as the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list.
"So the Veselnitskaya approach to the Trumps had a potential goal within reach that did not require the undoing of the Magnitsky Act," Whitehouse said, referring to the meeting between a Russian lawyer and anti-Magnitsky lobbyist, Natalia Veselnitskaya, and Donald Trump Jr. at Trump Tower last June.
"We are looking at re-writing the Magnistky Act right now to close off that opportunity," Whitehouse said, "and to make sure there is not this executive backdoor to delisting people" from the OFAC list who are already sanctioned under the Magnitsky Act.
A spokesperson for Whitehouse clarified later that the Senator was not looking to re-write the Magnitsky Act itself, but was examining whether the congressional review provision in the Russia sanctions bill that just passed the House would "encompass" those listed under the Act.
OFAC did not immediately respond to request for comment.
The Magnitsky Act currently stipulates that, if the president wants to remove someone from the list, he or she "shall provide the chairperson and ranking member" of the appropriate committees "with any information that contributed to the removal decision."
The hearing's sole witness, Bill Browder, told Business Insider after the session ended that there would likely be "enormous pushback" from the Treasury Department if the president tried to remove someone from the OFAC list.
But "in theory, it's possible," said Browder, a former hedge fund manager who spearheaded the passage of the Magnitsky Act after his tax lawyer Sergei Magnitsky died in a Russian prison in 2009.
Browder contends that Magnitsky was jailed and beaten to death after he uncovered a $230 million tax fraud scheme on behalf of Browder's firm, Hermitage Capital, that implicated high-level Kremlin officials and Russian President Vladimir Putin himself.
Attempting to unilaterally lift sanctions on any individual "would put in legal jeopardy the entire US sanctions program across all countries and sectors because other sanctioned individuals could argue in court that the US sanctions are arbitrary and not based on law," Browder said.
"I would imagine enormous pushback from the Treasury Department if that was ever contemplated," he added.
Still, he said, "to be on the safe side, I'd like to see the Magnitsky law strengthened the way Sen. Whitehouse suggested removing that loophole."
W.Va. enacts reporters shield law with protection for student journos
CHARLESTON — A newly enacted law in West Virginia isamong the first in the nation to specifically protect student journalists fromrevealing confidential sources.
The bill prevents reporters from being forced to revealtheir sources in state courts, grand jury proceedings and administrativehearings unless the testimony is needed to prevent “imminent death, seriousbodily injury or unjust incarceration.”
After a last-minute amendment, the shield law applies tostudent journalists at “accredited educational institutions,” even if they areunpaid.
Neb. student press freedom bill sits in committee for second year
LINCOLN — A renewed attempt to provide Nebraskastudents with added free speech protection appears to have failed again.
The bill received a hearing before the Education Committeein March but had not received a vote by press time. The legislative session wasscheduled to end June 8.
This is the second straight year Sen. Ken Haar, D-Malcolm,has sponsored a bill to give students expanded expression rights. The versionintroduced this session did not include earlier protection for teachers whosupport their students' rights.
Calif. legislator tries again on university foundation records bill
SACRAMENTO — After twice being vetoed, legislation tomake the records of university foundations open to public is again up fordebate.
This time, however, the process has one major difference: anew governor.
Sen. Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, is sponsoring the bill. Itrequires that private auxilaries of public colleges, such as universityfoundations, comply with California's public records laws.
It passed the Senate Education Committee on May 11 and wasscheduled to receive an unexpected, additional hearing before the SenateAppropriations Committee.
The legislation has passed both houses twice before beingvetoed by former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, a Republican. Since then, JerryBrown, a Democrat, was elected as governor.
Some universities argue the bill will result in fewerdonations to the cash-strapped institutions.
Utah passes, then repeals major changes to state open-records law
SALT LAKE CITY — In the course of a week, legislatorsin Utah introduced, passed, recalled, delayed and again passed a controversialchange to the state public records law.
Three weeks later they repealed it.
HB477 would have eliminated the presumption of openness ingovernment records. It also would haveexempted text messages and many electronic records held by governmentofficials.
Shortly after it was introduced near the end of thelegislative session, the bill became a political lightning rod. Transparencyadvocates claimed the bill would completely dismantle the state's publicrecords act. Hundreds rallied via social media and in person at the Capitol inprotest.
After passing by a large margin, the bill was “recalled”under threat of veto by Gov. Gary Herbert. The effective date was delayed untilmid-summer. A few weeks later, Herbert called a special session to repeal thelaw entirely. A committee is now studying the issue.
The Lost Boys of 'Hook' then and now.
“We haven't seen each other in quite some time but I almost feel like there was no lost time,” says James Madio, who played Don't Ask.
Bangarang, Peter!
Steven Spielberg's Hook is turning 25 later this year and the actors who played the Lost Boys in the family adventure film recently reunited for a full-costumed photo shoot. The gang also reflected on their time with star Robin Williams, who died two years ago Thursday.
“We haven't seen each other in quite some time but I almost feel like there was no lost time,” James Madio, who played Don't Ask, told Entertainment Tonight. “We just picked it up right away where we were and just reminiscing about everything. It's just really cool.”
The Amblin/Tristar film, featuring Williams as Peter Pan, was released in December 1991 and grossed $300 million worldwide.
Production company 22 Vision, which spent years trying to get the Lost Boys together, already shot reunions of The Little Rascals and School of Rock, Brian Pocrass, CEO of 22 Vision told ET.
“Hook is just one of those movies that people really grew up on,” Pocrass said. “To get them together to remember Robin and celebrate this milestone is something that I loved being a part of.”
Dante Basco, who played the Lost Boys leader, Rufio, lamented the death of Williams.
“I think for all of us [Robin's death] was the death of our childhood,” Basco told ET. “There's sadness there, also there's a lot of space to kinda celebrate one of the most legendary artists of our time. [Robin] really taught me at a young age what it means to be a star, what it means to be a leader on a set. Everything you want Robin Williams to be he delivered in spades.”
Learning from the Material Past
Context:
After a long day left to my own devices, I can create a disaster zone. Those who know me well, know I also have a compulsive need to put everything in its place. When my fiancé arrives before I expect, there is a good chance he will be able to deduce what I have or have not done with my day.
So here is the scene: My dirty clothing is suddenly piled into darks and whites. The shampoo and soap haven't moved a millimeter. Dishes are piling close to bags of flour and sugar along with a muffin pan and a whisk. The television is turned at an angle. Pillows and my computer are in front of the television. A small empty Doritos bag is on the floor. See the drawing below.
Without knowing me, you can draw several conclusions. The area is a living space, domestic. You can imagine a kitchen area, entertainment area and bathroom. There are probably many more things you can guess about me. Based on the knowledge my fiancé has already collected about my habits and his knowledge of nearby locations, he can deduce more. I had good intentions to do laundry, but certainly abandoned my chore. The Doritos informs him at some point I must have put on some clothing and managed to walk down to the 7-Eleven next doors without bothering to shower. Clearly, I got cozy in front of the TV and played on the computer. I also managed to make cupcakes because I don't make muffins.
Eliminate all notes and the drawing. Slowly take each item mentioned and mentally separate them until they are completely out of context. The television is in a museum. The whisk is being sold on eBay. The pillows rot in a forest. Someone who collects shampoo bottles now owns my shampoo. None of the pieces of the scene remain together. Once that happens, based on my things, the ability to draw any conclusions about where and how I live disappears.
Criminal investigations block off crime scenes and go over them methodically. They search for as many clues as they can to reveal what occurred. Context is critical. Each item removed is a piece of a puzzle disappearing. During an archaeological investigation, even the direction an item is facing is taken into account. The television tilted at a specific angle implies the direction I was sitting. The (scatter) of stone tool making from 4,000 years before present leaves the imprint of where someone was flint knapping in 2,050 BCE. Each flake of stone can indicate many of the movements that an individual made. It is exciting, and yet, evidence can be easily destroyed and never recorded.
The Reality of Choices:
I wish archaeologists were angelic protectors of the physical past, but the truth is always full of complications. For lack of time, I have seen projects focus on time periods considered of higher research value. The higher value is often that which is older. In order to get to it faster, whole puzzles get wiped away with a backhoe. I have participated in these projects all the while mourning the huge loss of potential knowledge.
Choices litter our lives and each life is full of difficult ones.
Population pressures create a demand for the new and repairs for the old. Fiscal pressures restrict time and money. Sometimes there is a need to create interest and prove worth before funding is pulled. The double edged sword is inevitable. Working in archaeology can break a sensitive heart a thousand times over, but it is not an ideal world. We all have to work within the limitations of imperfection.
In the United States, law requires in certain situations environmental surveys including archaeology be conducted. On land owned by government, specifically local, regional, state or federal parks, it is illegal to move or remove any natural or cultural resources. You can be prosecuted for taking any item within a park. There are some situations that may indeed enact laws effecting cultural resources on private property within the United States. Many times though, privately owned land is not as restricted.
Sometimes a house desperately needs new drainage yesterday. Land needs to be plowed. It is great if a potential site can be left undisturbed. One of the first things students of the physical past learn is that archaeology is a destructive process. Even small scraps that seem devoid of story gleam with bits of data while in the ground, but inevitably, avoiding the (scatter) of old items is not always feasible or practical. The present is imposing and important.
Barest of the Bones – Recording the Past:
It only takes a moment for any individual to note a few things to ensure data is not entirely lost. It would be monumental if professional archaeologists were always called upon to do work small or large. It is always worth asking an archaeologist, but I do recognize that this ideal is not always feasible. landowners do not always have the time. Interested citizens do not always have the time. Professionals do not always have the time. As always money is also a huge issue. Archaeology in the United States, like so many other things, is terribly underfunded. No archaeologist encourages the barest bones recording, but something is better than nothing.
It may seem crazy to assign a projectile point from a plowed field a number and mark the number carefully on a map, but later that information may add to a larger picture. The number should always be associated with the item and data kept together. If possible data should include where, how deep in soil, as well as descriptions of an item and relation to any other items. Even if an artifact is given away or sold, the more information gathered, recorded and if possible reported, the better.
In many states you do not have to be a historian or archaeologist to record a site within your state. Doing so will help ensure that the site is taken into account when any research is done and add to your statewide inventory. Look for your state's department of historic resources or the state historic preservation office. There are also many opportunities to volunteer and learn more about archaeology or historic preservation. If you are interested in learning more contact your local historic parks, the state, museums and universities that are involved in archaeology. Below the drawing is a list of a few places you can volunteer within the DC metro or a couple of hours drive. Please feel free to leave a comment with other places to volunteer anywhere in the world.
The Future of Archaeology:
Perhaps slowly if we all work together, we can move to repair some of the imperfections that currently confine us. Becoming aware of the current laws, the history of the area, and best practices for necessary disturbance is essential. Technology can be an amazing tool to aide in this endeavor. Most smart phones will take a picture and geo-tag it which automatically provides a location as well as visual information. Certain applications can be downloaded that provide further options, flexibility and higher accuracy. As technology becomes more accurate and sharp, our information will follow suite.
The drawing below is far from perfect, but it gives some of the necessary information. The drawing is actually my test experiment with AutoCad 360 for iPad. I was actually fairly happy with it, but graph paper is an easy efficient and probably better alternative which most archaeologists still use while in the field.
Volunteer Opportunities in DC, Maryland and Virginia
Place Opportunity Location Contact Smithsonian Institute Various Opportunities District of Columbia metro http://www.si.edu/volunteer/ Virginia Department of Historic Resources Various Opportunities Virginia http://www.dhr.virginia.gov/homepage_features/how_involved_volmus.htm Maryland Historical Trust Various Opportunities Maryland http://mht.maryland.gov/archeology_programs.html Alexandria Archaeology Museum, Collections, Office… Virginia http://alexandriava.gov/historic/archaeology/default.aspx?id=39222 Mt. Vernon Museum, Collections, Office… Virginia http://www.mountvernon.org/more/volunteer Kenmore and Ferry Farm Archaeology, Education, Gardens Virginia http://kenmore.org/foundation/volunteers.html Washington College Archaeology Maryland http://www.washcoll.edu/departments/archaeology/opportunities.php Old Colchester Park & Preserve Archaeology Virginia http://cartarchaeology.blogspot.com Jefferson Patterson Park and Museum Archaeology, Trails, Gift Shop, Events, Office… Maryland http://www.jefpat.org/volunteer.html Lost Towns Archaeology Maryland http://losttowns.com/signupvolunteer.htm
TUCSON — An Arizona law that put an end to ethnic studies courses in Tucson schools has been largely upheld as constitutional by a federal judge, but supporters of the program say their legal fight to restore the program will continue.
U.S. Circuit Court Judge Wallace Tashima on Friday found most of the law that bans public schools from teaching certain race-related courses, such as Mexican American studies, constitutional with one small exception. Tashima ruled that the portion of the law that prohibits courses designed for certain ethnic groups was unconstitutionally vague.
Tashima ruled that the provision's wording was “broad and ambiguous,” raising serious constitutional concerns that threaten “to chill the teaching of legitimate and objective ethnic studies courses.”
Still, Arizona Atty. Gen. Tom Horne this week called the ruling on HB 2281 a “victory for ensuring that public education is not held captive to radical, political elements and that students treat each other as individuals — not on the basis of the race they were born into.”
As leaders in government and business search for ways to strengthen the U.S. recovery, new research from faculty at Harvard and Columbia indicates that elementary school teachers have an impact on how much their students earn as adults and, by extension, on the nation's economy.
“If an elementary school student has an excellent teacher even for a single year, it boosts their income by an average of about 2 percent per year,” says Raj Chetty, professor of economics at Harvard's Faculty of Arts and Sciences and a co-author of the study with Harvard Kennedy School's John Friedman and Columbia Business School's Jonah Rockoff. “To put that in perspective, if we can find a way to raise gross domestic product (GDP) by 2 percent, you're talking about nearly ending the Great Recession every year. By economic standards, it's a huge deal.”
Chetty, Friedman, and Rockoff's research isolated the long-term impact of high value-added (HVA) teachers — those that do the best job of raising students' scores on standardized tests. The trio looked at data from grades three to eight for 2.5 million children in one of the country's largest school districts over a 20-year period (1989-2009). They then used other public records to track students after high school. Friedman says the data shows that HVA teachers have an impact on students that is positive, significant, and wide-ranging.
“We found that students who had an HVA teacher — in the top 5 percent — for even a single year, not only earned more as an adult, but also were more likely to go to college or to go to a higher-ranked college, and to live in a better neighborhood,” he says. “They were also less likely to become a teen parent. Across a broad spectrum of measures, they were doing considerably better as the result of having a HVA teacher in elementary school.”
To understand the study's method, suppose that you could randomly assign some students to a teacher previously rated HVA, and other students to a teacher rated low value-added (LVA). Assuming the students were identical on average, you could compare the test scores of each group and draw some conclusions. If the kids in the class with an HVA teacher do better, you know there's a cause-and-effect relationship. Chetty, Friedman, and Rockoff couldn't perform this experiment with actual students, so they used a massive data set of nearly 20 million observations to find situations that were virtually identical.
Having a better teacher has roughly the same percentage impact on a student's future earnings regardless of the quality of the student or income of her parents. — Raj Chetty
“Effectively, we identified experiments in the data when students come into contact with HVA teachers, such as when they change grades, leave or enter the school system,” Chetty says. “By doing tests with the data set, we have direct empirical evidence that when a HVA teacher enters, test scores go up immediately, and when a HVA teacher leaves, test scores fall immediately.
Friedman says that the study's findings are extremely robust, and apply both to rich and poor school districts. In fact, he says that teacher quality may be the key to improving underperforming schools — and living standards — in poor neighborhoods.
“We found large effects even for students in poor schools, and for students with poor scores,” he says. “Having a better teacher has roughly the same percentage impact on a student's future earnings regardless of the quality of the student or income of her parents. For instance, a given teacher might raise earnings by $100 per year for someone who otherwise would earn $10K, but by $400 per year for someone who otherwise would earn $40K. The $400 is more money, but maybe the $100 is more important in terms of household well-being.”
While the impact of HVA teachers may be significant, Friedman cautions that scores of factors affect children, not the least of which are relationships with parents and peers. Moreover, while the new research may identify HVA teachers, it's still not clear what constitutes good teaching. Despite volumes of research, there are no criteria that enable schools to identify good prospects, nor are there a set of best practices to guide teachers in the classroom.
“There's been a lot of research on what exactly makes a good teacher,” Friedman says. “Frankly, it hasn't been all that helpful. There's one predictor of value-added, which is teacher experience. In the first couple of years, teachers' value-added goes up quite a bit. Beside that, people who have more-advanced degrees, [have] higher SAT scores, graduated from a better college, are certified versus uncertified — none of these things are strong predictors of value-added.”
Caveats aside, Chetty, Friedman, and Rockoff's research is making waves in the national media and in politics. New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof made the study the focus of two recent columns. President Barack Obama gave the work a nod during his 2012 State of the Union Address. While Chetty is cautious about implications for policymakers, he's also hopeful. He says it's clear that improving the quality of teaching will have substantial returns for the economy and even decrease poverty. The question is how to go about it.
“More HVA teachers will improve student achievement and long-term outcomes,” Chetty says. “One way you could do it is by hiring more HVA teachers and possibly dismissing LVA teachers. Another is to raise the value-added of the teachers you actually have. I don't feel comfortable saying that one way or the other is a better policy from the evidence we have. We need to do more research to figure out what actually works best in practice.”
Raj Chetty, John N. Friedman, and Jonah E. Rockoff's working paper, “The Long-Term Impacts of Teachers: Teacher Value-Added and Student Outcomes in Adulthood,” was published in December 2011 as part of the National Bureau of Economic Research Working Paper Series. The research was conducted with support from the National Science Foundation.
President Obama greets Pope Francis at the White House on Sept. 23, 2015 (Screen capture)
(CNSNews.com) - “So we stand with you in defense of religious freedom and interfaith dialogue, knowing that people everywhere must be able to live out their faith free from fear and free from intimidation.”
That is part of what President Barack Obama said—in touting his administration's commitment to religious liberty—when he greeted Pope Francis at the White House today.
At the same time, according to a count maintained by the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, Obama's Justice Department is actively fighting 56 separate federal court cases aimed at forcing 140 religious ministries and institutions to cooperate with an Obamacare regulation that requires virtually all health care plans in the United States to cover contraceptives, sterilizations and abortion-inducing drugs and devices.
Among the religious institutions involved in these lawsuits with the administration are 15 Catholic dioceses and archdioceses, and multiple Catholic universities, schools and religious orders.
The Catholic Church teaches that contraceptives, sterilization and abortion are morally wrong.
As of now, the Little Sisters of the Poor, Priests for Life, Bishop David Zubik of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh, and the Archdiocese of Washington have made appeals to the U.S. Supreme Court to take up their cases against the Obama administration for violating their religious liberty.
In 2012, after the administration published its contraceptive-sterilization-abortifacient regulation, Bishop Zubik published a column on his diocesean website saying that the Obama administration was telling American Catholics to go to Hell.
(AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)
"The Obama administration has just told the Catholics of the United States, ‘To Hell with you!'” the bishop wrote in the column. “There is no other way to put it.”
In his appeal asking the Supreme Court to take up his case against the Obamacare regulation, Bishop Zubik is joined by Catholic Charities of Pittsburgh, Bishop Lawrence Persico of the Catholic Diocese of Erie, the Erie Catholic Preparatory School, and the St. Martin Center and the Prince of Peace Center, which are Catholic charitable organizations in the Erie Diocese.
In their petition to the court, these Catholic organizations explain that the Obama administration's regulation, in its current manifestation, forces them to act against their Catholic faith.
“As entities affiliated with the Catholic Church, Petitioners sincerely believe that life begins at the moment of conception, and that certain 'preventive' services that interfere with conception or terminate a pregnancy are immoral,” they told the Supreme Court in their petition.
“Accordingly, they believe they may not provide, pay for, and/or facilitate access to contraception, sterilization, abortion, or related counseling,” the petition says.
“Among other things, Petitioners' religious beliefs prohibit them from signing a document that authorizes, obligates, designates, or incentivizes their TPA [the Third Party Administrator of their self-insurance plan] to provide their plan beneficiaries with coverage for abortifacients, contraceptives, and sterilization,” says the petition.
“Petitioners believe that signing such a document facilitates moral evil and makes them complicit in sin, regardless of whether they are required to pay for the objectionable coverage,” it says. “Although it takes only a few minutes, signing the self-certification form has ‘eternal ramifications.'”
Priests for Life makes the same argument in its appeal to the Supreme Court: The administration is trying to force it to act against the Catholic faith.
“Consequently, the government mandate directly forces Petitioners to provide the means and mechanism by which contraception, sterilization, and abortifacients (and related education and counseling) are provided to Priests for Life's healthcare plan participants and beneficiaries, which is unacceptable because it compels Petitioners to violate their sincerely held religious beliefs,” says the Priest for Life appeal to the court.
The Catholic Archdiocese of Washington, D.C., which is joined in its appeal to the Supreme Court by Catholic Charities of D.C., two Catholic high schools, a Catholic elementary school, the Catholic Information Center, Thomas Aquinas College and the Catholic University of America makes the same point to the Supreme Court.
“Petitioners are religious nonprofits who sincerely believe that it would be immoral for them to provide, pay for, or facilitate access to abortifacients, contraception, or sterilization in a manner that violates the teachings of the Catholic Church,” they told the Supreme Court. “The Government, however, has made it effectively impossible for Petitioners to offer health coverage to their employees and students in a manner consistent with their religious beliefs.”
The Little Sisters of the Poor, who are joined by among others the Christian Brothers Services, have appealed to the Supreme Court saying the Obama administration is violating their freedom of religion.
“The Little Sisters of the Poor are Catholic nuns who devote their lives to caring for the elderly poor,” they said in their petition to the Supreme Court. “The government has put them to the impossible choice of either violating the law or violating the faith upon which their lives and ministry are based.”
Despite these and the other ongoing federal court cases in which religious groups are arguing that the Obama administration is trying to force them to act against their faith, President Obama today featured his respect for religious liberty in his speech addressing Pope Francis.
“You remind us that people are only truly free when they can practice their faith freely,” Obama t old the pope.
“Here in the United States, we cherish religious liberty,” Obama said. “It was the basis for so much of what brought us together.
“And here in the United States, we cherish our religious liberty,” Obama continued, “but around the world, at this very moment, children of God, including Christians, are targeted and even killed because of their faith. Believers are prevented from gathering at their places of worship. The faithful are imprisoned, and churches are destroyed.
“So,” said Obama, “we stand with you in defense of religious freedom and interfaith dialogue, knowing that people everywhere must be able to live out their faith free from fear and free from intimidation.”
Speaking after Obama, Pope Francis said the bishops of the United States have reminded people to be vigilant in preserving religious liberty.
“With countless other people of good will, they [American Catholics] are likewise concerned that efforts to build a just and wisely ordered society respect their deepest concerns and the right to religious liberty,” said Pope Francis, speaking after Obama.
“That freedom reminds one of America's most precious possessions,” he said. “And, as my brothers, the United States Bishops, have reminded us, all are called to be vigilant, precisely as good citizens, to preserve and defend that freedom from everything that would threaten or compromise it.”
Good news everyone!
You can now put your Java 8 applications onto the mac app store. How do I know? Because I put a little hackathon app I wrote on the Mac App Store. The better news is that Oracle is working on making this very simple with the JavaFX packager. You can get some of the early bits in the open source repo for OpenJFX here (building and using open source code is left as an exercise for the reader).
If you don't want to wait for the code to get an official release and you are comfortable doing stuff by hand then here are the steps you will need to follow.
Prepare your Environment
First you will need to be signed up as part of the Mac Develoer program at [developer.apple.com]. For this tutorial I will presume your name is Alice Duke , that your Team ID is JJJJJJJJJJ and that the app you are shipping is titled AwesomeJavaApp . You will of course need to change these to real values.
Download your signing keys if you haven't done so already (here's how). You will need both the Mac App Distribution and Mac Installer Distribution, and they should automatically be placed in your keychain under the names 3rd Party Mac Developer Application: Alice Duke (JJJJJJJJJJ) and 3rd Party Mac Developer Installer: Alice Duke (JJJJJJJJJJ) .
You will also need an entitlements file. Read all about them at the Mac Developer Library. You will have to turn on the app-sandbox entitlement as well as any of the other entitlements you will be using. Be sure to keep track of what entitlements you grand and why they are needed. Apple will be asking you to justify every one of them.
Prepare the Application
Next, create your Mac .app bundle the normal way you are doing with the javafxpackager, Ant, Maven, or Gradle build. Make sure this app works as it is what we will be bundling up.
Next, you will need to copy the info.plist from the existing JDK or JRE into the embedded JRE in your app. It should be either at /Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0.jdk/Contents/Info.plist or /Library/Internet Plug-Ins/JavaAppletPlugin.plugin/Contents/Info.plist , but it is likely to be the first one. Copy this file to AwesomeJavaApp.app/Contents/PlugIns/jdk1.8.0.jdk/Contents/Info.plist .
cp /Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0.jdk/Contents/Info.plist AwesomeJavaApp.app/Contents/PlugIns/jdk1.8.0.jdk/Contents/Info.plist
Now we need to strip a library. The Mac App Store doesn't accept apps that even mention the deprecated Quicktime API, so we will need to remove the media capabilities tom JavaFX. If your app uses the JavaFX media apis you are out of luck for the time being. There is a bug to fix this in a future release.
The good news is that the Java 8 license lets us fix the problem, at least when it comes to JavaFX. Remove the file libjfxmedia.dylib .
rm AwesomeJavaApp.app/Contents/PlugIns/jdk1.8.0.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/libjfxmedia.dylib
Sign the Application
Signing the app (in May different places) is next. Apple loves their cryptographic hashes.
First, you may need to make the JDK in the app bundle writeable. The codesign program won't sign read-only binaries. chmod -R +w AwesomeJavaApp.app/Contents/PlugIns/jdk1.8.0.jdk should do the trick.
You need to sign all jars, dylibs, and executable files in the bundle (with one exception). Enumerating them is left as an exercise to the reader. Any decent build tool can do it for you. You will need to sign it with both the identity you have and the entitlements you want
codesign -f -s "3rd Party Mac Developer Application: Alice Duke" --entitlements <your_entitlements_file> <the_libary_jar_or_executable>
There is one caveat. Don't sign the main excitable of the app bundle. It is in Contents/macOS and has the name of your application, for example it would be AwesomeJavaApp.app/Contents/MacOS/AwesomeJavaApp . We will get that signed another way.
Another quirk is that you can give different entitlements to each file. In the javafxpackger we sign with an entitlements file that contains only the app-sandbox and inherit entitlements, so they inherit all the entitlements from the main application.
Next, you will want to sign the Java directory itself. Actually you need to sign all plugins and frameworks in your app, but the overwhelming majority of java apps will only have one plugin: Java.
codesign -f --deep -s "3rd Party Mac Developer Application: Alice Duke" --entitlements <your_entitlements_file> AwesomeJavaApp.app/PlugIns/jdk1.8.0.jdk
Finally, we can sign the application itself. Yes, we can actually shave the yak at this point.
codesign -f --deep -s "3rd Party Mac Developer Application: Alice Duke" --entitlements <your_entitlements_file> AwesomeJavaApp.app
You may or may not need all of the flags I've show with codesign , as I have not exhaustively tested them in all the possibly combinations. You may not need the --deep flag, but adding it will not get you out of signing all the interior jars and libraries. You may not need the -f flag but it insures that your signature will be the only one. Finally, you may want to add a --verbose=4 flag to see all the gory details. Or not.
Packaging for Install
I bet you thought you were done? Now we need to create an installer package to send to the app store. Use the productbuld too to generate the need file
productbuild --component AwesomeJavaApp.app /Applications -s "3rd Party Mac Developer Installer: Alice Duke" AwesomeJavaApp.pkg
Note that you are signing this with the second key you downloaded: the one for installers.
If you feel the need you can test the installation:
sudo installer -store -pkg AwesomeJavaApp.pkg
Now you can load it into the Mac App store using the Application Loader tool. You will first need to go to iTunes Connect and set things up. But we have now left the Java specific part of the assembly so there are many other blog posts out there by more qualified and experienced Mac App Store developers.
Last Words
There are many other potholes that you could run into. Two I hit were not having a 512x512@2x icon, and another was a dispute about copyright on an icon. I changed the icon rather than wade through the appeals process to prove that the icon was in the public domain.
I plan on keeping this post up to date with any changes or corrections, so feel free to bookmark this page.
The Obama administration should extend a public housing smoking ban to electronic cigarettes, health advocates say.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) proposed a smoking ban in November that would protect public housing residents, and particularly children and the elderly, from the effects of secondhand smoke.
ADVERTISEMENT
The smoking ban would prohibit people from lighting cigarettes, cigars and pipes inside government-assisted homes for low-income families. It would also extend to outdoor common areas.
With the comment period closing, dozens of health groups on Tuesday urged HUD to extend the smoking ban to e-cigarettes and make sure the rules apply not only to future residents but also current residents.
“There is no safe level of secondhand smoke exposure for children,” wrote Benard Dreyer, president of the American Academy of Pediatrics, one of the health groups that filed joint comments on the rule. "HUD's long-awaited action to make public housing smokefree is a welcome step forward not only to ensure that children will be able to live and breathe safely in their homes, but also to protect low-income families who have no control over the air they breathe in through shared walls and ventilation systems."
Vladimir Putin's tit-for-tat sanctions against food imports from the West have driven consumer price inflation in Russia to 8% in September — its highest point in three years and way above the Russian central bank's target of 5% to 6%.
Trading Economics
The figures will be a headache for policymakers faced with a sluggish economy on the one hand, struggling under Western sanctions imposed because of Russia's role in the ongoing crisis in Ukraine, and swiftly rising prices on the other.
REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Last month, Putin backed price freezes for natural gas, power, and rail in 2014 in an effort to restrain inflation, but so far his government has refused to ease up on the self-imposed sanctions that are widely blamed for pushing up prices.
Those sanctions have barred various food imports from the West. Predictably, this has led to shortages of certain types of food: brie and parmesan being two, according to USA Today. Prices of some staples have risen 36%.
It is not the case that Russia is facing the kind of food shortages it saw in the Soviet era — with breadlines — or in the 1990s, after it defaulted on its national debt. But it is the case that certain Western food products are becoming unavailable and domestic products are rising in price.
On Friday, Russia's Agriculture Ministry said it was not ready to consider the "possibility of liberalizing the list" of banned products that include meat, fish, dairy, fruit, and vegetables from the United States, the EU, Australia, Canada, and Norway.
Agriculture Minister Nikolai Fyodorov told the Russian news agency TASS:
We are waiting for them to come to their senses and reassess their perception of Russia in a civilized way.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center is a global human rights organization, working with confronting anti-Semitism and shining a light on the Holocaust.
The organization has released a new list of what it considers to be the "Ten worst anti-Semitic incidents" of last year, with Sweden's Björn Söder landing in sixth place.
Söder, who is a Deputy Speaker in the Swedish parliament said in a December interview with the Dagens Nyheter newspaper that he thinks "most people with a Jewish background who have become Swedes leave behind their Jewish identity". He added that it was important to differentiate between citizenship and nationhood.
The American organization figured the comments were offensive enough to be ranked among the world's worst anti-semitic comments of 2014. It also took a swing at Sweden's treatment of Jews in general.
"Swedish Jews have been targets of hate crimes from Muslim extremists, but authorities have rarely, if ever, taken action against the perpetrators," it wrote.
The organization has previously issued a travel advisory for Malmö, claiming that officials have "failed to protect their Jewish citizens" and that "leading political figures have often justified anti-Jewish sentiment because of the Israel-Palestinian conflict".
The number one place on the list went to a Belgian doctor who told the son of a Jewish woman that he should "send [his mother] to Gaza for a few hours, then she will get rid of the pain".
The nationalist, anti-immigration Sweden Democrats are the third largest political party in Sweden and won almost 13 percent of the vote in the last general election in September 2014.
You've probably never heard of Béla Barényi, but you've almost certainly been impacted by him in some way, shape or form. The Austro-Hungarian engineer had a huge effect on the automotive industry, most notably during his 33-year tenure as the head of pre-development for Mercedes-Benz , where he helped revolutionize and popularize the idea of passive safety.Crumple zones, collapsible steering columns and the idea of a passenger cell can all be credited to Barényi while he was at Mercedes , as this fascinating historical video from the German manufacturer points out. Besides detailing Barényi's successes, it includes some great video of the testing processes used for old Silver Arrows - you'll be amazed by how many times an old, boat-like Mercedes sails through the air or crashes into something in this three-minute video.Take a look below , and let us know what you think.
Polling is being used and manipulated to aid the professional political apparatus in their efforts to eliminate the threat that is Donald Trump. The sheer scope of the antagonistic efforts toward that end is remarkable. However, Donald Trump has a strategy to cut through the smokescreen – more on that after the PPP Poll.
Public Policy Polling has released a poll of Virginia voters (full pdf below). Everyone knows PPP leans left and they don't try to hide their bias – that's ok, we don't have any issue with ideological polling so long as there is accompanying honesty.
As long as the bias is open and admitted, and as long as the methodology and cross tabs are fully disclosed, the reader can adjust their perspective accordingly – and that's why we find PPP polls useful.
The sample within the poll is gender skewed toward polled female voters by 8%. 54/46
A traditional poll model would be 51(fem)/49(male). Against that methodology skew the resulting poll outcome is:
Public Policy Polling surveyed 1,032 registered voters from June 13th to 15th. The race is close and within the polls margin of error – and if you consider the gender skew, the race is essentially tied.
However, on a profoundly optimistic note – despite a constant media drum beat of negativism toward Trump – with independent Virginia voters Donald Trump does remarkably better than Hillary Clinton.
Here's the full poll data:
Expanding The Thoughts – Today marks the one year anniversary since Donald Trump entered the 2016 presidential race and became the first candidate to challenge the DC UniParty in the past three decades.
The most remarkable aspect to Trump's Make America Great Again campaign has been his unique capability to rip the masks from the fraudulent crony conservatives within every aspect of American politics.
Donald Trump represents an existential threat to the entire apparatus of modern political power, and both sides of the UniParty continue working earnestly to remove him from challenging their grip on power.
Toward that end Trump's enemies remain what we predicted they would be a year ago. The professional political class, the Vichy Republican party, Wall Street, The Media, Professional punditry, Consulting Class Republicans and the entire party apparatus.
These special political self-interest-groups are pulling out all the stops to undermine Donald Trump. He's well aware of that and we should be too. This is where it becomes important to see how Trump is combating the totality of the machine that is aligned against him.
Trump knows the polling is being used to psychologically undermine his campaign. The enemies within the GOPe will stop at nothing to retain their grip on power, there are literally trillions of dollars at stake. Take a look at this notation from yesterday that flies under the radar of all eyes except those who are on the front line in the battle to save America:
(link) Readers who have followed the presidential race will note how Donohue and the U.S. CoC is absolutely aligned against Donald Trump because of Trump's America-First economic principles. Donohue is the leading edge of the globalist usurpation within the United States and within the elite financial class of Wall Street.
Wall Street has written the legislative agenda for Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell; so long as that legislative agenda is maintained both Ryan and McConnell are willing to give the other side of the UniParty (Pelosi/Reid) anything they desire. It's a trade-off (no pun intended).
The #NeverTrump forces within the professional political machine are going to fight to retain the globalist perspectives of the CoC and Wall Street. Notice Steve Daines is also participating in this endeavor. <– Daines is a forceful anti-Tump voice.
Nationalism, or “America First” is a threat to the priorities of Wall Street. There are trillions of dollars at stake. Corporate media are directly tied into these endeavors. It is critical, C.R.I.T.I.C.A.L, that ordinary Americans understand who the enemy within is actually comprised of. Once you understand the enemy, you can understand the forces aligned against Donald Trump.
Now, back to polling….
As previously mentioned, the goals of the corporate entities -who have billions of their influential stakes at risk- will stop at nothing to see the risk that Donald Trump represents destroyed and eliminated. Historically these same entities are the primary financiers for the Republican Party Apparatus.
Our successful insurgency has left them no option other than to out themselves in their efforts to destroy our candidate. They will burn the house down before they allow us to take it over, but we will succeed because we have something they don't – – NUMBERS.
….There are more of us than them.
That's why these entities are working diligently, and spending millions, to transmit a psychological message that we are in the minority (see Bloomberg).
…..We're not!
Take a look at this current non-media battle ground poll snapshot from key counties as presented by Axiom (it also includes a Virginia county):
(Link to Specifics Here)
Clinton's advantages are few and far between. You might remember Loudoun County Virginia (Northern VA / DC Suburb) voted for Rubio in the primary. That group is voting to retain their seat at the trough. Southern VA and the Military Coast are overwhelmingly supporting Trump.
The critical counties of Sandusky Ohio (jobs, jobs, jobs), and Luzerne County Pennsylvania (economy, economy, economy) are all pro trump. Trump is winning 5 of the 7 bell weather counties, and he's winning PA by 17 points – THAT'S YUGE.
This is hard data. Actual data. Non-skewed data. Unfiltered data. Real data.
Team Trump, that's us, are winning…. and we're winning “Bigly“.
But Trump knows he has to have a plan to defeat both the republican machine, and their psychological warfare unit, until he can exit the convention and turn all guns blazing toward Hillary Clinton.
Trump's plan to defeat this psychological game is a simple one, Keep Campaigning.
Put the visibility of support directly in front of everyone's face. The continuation of the Trump Rallies, and the thousands upon thousands of attendees, makes it difficult for the paid pollsters to retain the ruse:
A year ago we said the key to Trump's victory will be us.
We are the insurgency,…
.. And we are winning !
Advertisements
It's safe to say that, no, I wasn't the biggest fan of James Olsen during Supergirl Season 1 because of his back and forth relationship with Kara, but now I miss that much simpler time.
James Olsen is perhaps the most mature character on The CW's Supergirl, which says a lot considering he barely gets any screen time and his relationships with every character on the show have been wiped from existence to make room for Mon-El and his involvement in Kara's life. Yet James is still treated like garbage, and, frankly, it wouldn't really matter if he continued to be on the series because the writers have nothing to do with him.
His Relationships
Season 1 heavily focused on James' relationships with others: Kara, Lucy Lane, Cat Grant, Winn, and even Superman (though he hadn't even appeared on the series at this point). However, many of these were negative, besides his relationship with Clark. Lucy and Kara were constantly competing for James' attention, whether they knew it or not, which pit two strong, independent women against one another, and we'll never really see where their relationship could have gone without James being a common factor in their love lives. His work relationship with Cat challenged him and he struggled sometimes, but Cat was always supportive and she knew she had great talent under her finger, while Winn and James were constantly making passive aggressive comments because the two had feelings for Kara, which suddenly disappeared in Season 2, and neither made comments like that toward Mon-El when he arrived.
It's like the writers have forgotten about James and his impact on the people around him. Even when Clark came to National City, there were no scenes of the two friends hanging out together or even saying hello after not seeing each other for so long. It's a disservice to the importance “Jimmy” has in the Superman comics, and to Mehcad Brooks who came on to Supergirl as a main character with a story to tell. James was supposed to be Kara's love interest, at least for a while, and the writers suddenly ignored everything that happened between them in Season 1 to throw it (and James) away in Season 2 and make room for The CW's white, male love interest whose character traits are shown in every similar piece of garbage on The CW.
Guardian
The one decent thing the writers have done for James since basically destroying his character's history is turning him into a vigilante of National City: Guardian. We've always known James stands for exactly what Superman stands for, and this was always the best way for James to really be involved in what was going on in the world. The problem with this is we've had maybe four episodes where we've actually seen James as Guardian and how this is changing his life, and this could be a story that so easily could give James something to do in every episode. We could see how his vigilantism is interacting with Kara being Supergirl on the streets, how he's balancing his position at CatCo with his night job, and how, in general, he's feeling about being a hero.
Somehow Guardian in the “Crisis on Earth-X” crossover was a better hero than James on Earth-38 ever could be because the writers didn't have to work their way up to his heroics. He was just a hero who died for what he believed in.
His Future
James has so much potential to be the character he was always supposed to be, and if Mehcad Brooks is willing to stay on this show that doesn't write him stories worth acting out, maybe this could be fixed eventually. First of all, his relationship with Lena has to go. James has said so many negative things about Lena Luthor and her family because of what Lex did to Clark in this universe, and it's unrealistic that James would ever get with a Luthor after that. He loves Clark like his own brother and would be too hesitant to ever grow close to a Luthor, no matter who it was.
Second, even if his relationship with Kara isn't revisited romantically, they could be great friends and could actually have some interaction outside of work that doesn't involve one of them being in danger. James and Kara could be friends just like Clark and James are, and Supergirl is set on never revisiting a romantic relationship between Kara and James because they're “too perfect” for one another, so why keep them apart indefinitely? James needs to be tied to Kara if he's going to be on Supergirl.
Lastly, maybe James should just hop aboard the Waverider and go to Legends of Tomorrow as Guardian. He'd actually get a story as part of the ensemble cast, and James would finally be able to be the hero he wants to be on an Earth where there are no Kryptonians. It'd be interesting to see James interact with these other heroes and to face being a hero in a different way without having Superman or Supergirl there to save him if something ever went wrong. Guardian could potentially be a great hero, but we'll never know on Supergirl.
Or, maybe it's just time Jimmy goes back to Metropolis so he can stop being disrespected and be with his best friend. James Olsen deserves better than the treatment he's currently getting on this show.
Supergirl returns January 15 at 8/7c on The CW. Follow The TV Type on Twitter and subscribe!
[Total: 0 Average: 0/5]
Share this: Share
Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Reddit
Pinterest
The Texas Longhorns added a second wide receiver to the 2018 recruiting class on Saturday in landing a pledge from Houston Lamar's Al'vonte Woodard, who will provide head coach Tom Herman with a credible deep threat on the outside.
At 6'2 and 193 pounds, Woodard projects as a flanker in college, a position where he would benefit from the need for opponents to decide how to devote safety resources.
Are there two deep safeties or only one deep safety? Is that safety shaded towards the X receiver to the boundary? Is there a safety cheating towards the line of scrimmage in run support?
If the ‘Horns can manufacture favorable match ups for Woodard against a cornerback with no safety help, he has a chance to become an impact player in college because of his verified 4.52 speed in the 40 and ability to get open on vertical routes.
The Lamar product can also run a 4.26 shuttle and record a 34-inch vertical leap — he's an excellent athlete.
When opponents failed to provide adequate safety help against Woodard during his breakout junior season, he often made them pay. And though he wasn't especially productive in terms of his volume of catches with 35 receptions in 2016, he did average 22.6 yards per catch and turned 40 percent of those receptions into touchdowns.
That's the essence of a big-play threat, so it's not surprising to see Woodard excel on go routes and post routes in high school. On many plays, he's simply out-classing the high school cornerbacks faced with defending him — Woodard is a guy who makes it look easy to create big plays.
The fact that he's excellent at tracking the ball and understanding how to set up defensive backs to create a little bit of extra separation just before the ball arrives helps facilitate that impression when watching Woodard on film.
Another positive for the national top-100 prospect is that he consistently attacks the ball outside the framework of his body, which helps ensure that he doesn't drop catchable passes and can finish plays in traffic.
There's some talk that Woodard has shown a greater ability to run a complete route tree during camp season than he did as a junior at Lamar, which would be a positive for position coach Drew Mehringer. However, questions still remain about whether Woodard can become a complete wide receiver from that standpoint, though it is a positive that he was effective in the red zone last season.
And there's still a chance to put more on film as a senior.
The other question mark is whether Woodard has any dynamic qualities after the catch, something that doesn't show up on junior film.
If Woodard can translate most of his game-breaking ability to college as a deep threat, his current ranking as the nation's No. 10 wide receiver will be justified. In that scenario, any ability to make plays in other areas of the game creating separation on other routes or picking up yards after the catch will be a bonus for the ‘Horns.
It would be a bit easier to favorably project Woodard into former offensive coordinator Sterlin Gilbert's vertically obsessed veer-and-shoot offense, but there's no doubt that Woodard is a high-level athlete with an equally high-level ability to get open down the field.
That's legitimate cause for celebration on a summer Saturday in July.
Oh yeah, and the Aggies really wanted him, too.
Danny Brown's Sexual Assault
Why We Need To Recognize Male Victims Of Assault
Page 1 of 3
Last week, rapper Danny Brown made “headlines” when he was on the receiving end of some onstage fellatio. Reddit broke the news, and Gawker eventually posted a full article complete with a grainy video of the alleged action. The “news” should have been shocking enough on its own, but things really took off in the ensuing article and discussions: Was Danny Brown sexually assaulted when the female fan decided she needed to know what was going on “down there?” The reason it's a compelling topic, and why it spawned so much discussion is that as a society we still aren't quite sure how to handle the idea of female-on-male sexual assault.
During my freshman year of college, all new students received sexual assault training by a third-party campus group called “One in Four.” Rather than an attempt to cash in on the boy-band craze of the early aughts, the group is so named because statistically, one out of every four women experiences some form of sexual assault in her lifetime. The lecturing officer told a story about a lone police officer (an accessible example of strength and masculinity) went to inspect something in an alley and ended up getting raped by two derelicts who ambushed and held him at gunpoint. The most important part of the story came after, when the officer had to deal with the shame, doubt and ridicule that can accompany the reporting of any rape.
Similarly, I remember an episode of Law & Order SVU in which, as a twist, the victim was a male stripper. In order to make things plausible, they concocted this ridiculous scenario where he showed up for a gig and was overpowered and restrained by three or four women and then assaulted. Even given the over-the-top circumstances, the crux of the case still hinged on whether arousal implied consent. Even though everyone knows that would be a ridiculous thing to say to a woman (oh, well your vagina didn't dry up like the Mojave, so you must have wanted it), in this context it seemed a plausible, if not almost reasonable, question to ponder. Even in 2013, society is still of the opinion that having a penis makes us complete masters of our sexual domains.
Kohli, Stokes in tense exchange on opening day
England allrounder Ben Stokes has been reprimanded by the International Cricket Council for a foul-mouthed tirade at the India players following his dismissal on day one of the third Test in Mohali.
Stokes had moved to 29 when he raced so far past a delivery from Ravindra Jadeja he wasn't even in the television frame when recalled wicketkeeper Parthiv Patel whipped off the bails.
As he was headed back to the dressing room, Stokes stopped to remonstrate with India skipper Virat Kohli. Words were exchanged between the pair, and the umpires stepped in.
It was unclear from the television footage who spoke first, but the ICC has officially reprimanded the firebrand Englishman for breaching the Code of Conduct.
Stokes made " inappropriate comments which were heard by both the on-field umpires", the ICC said in a release.
The governing body cited him for “using language or a gesture that is obscene, offensive or insulting during an International Match”.
Wickets fall and tempers flare in Mohali
He had one demerit point added to his record under the ICC's latest Code of Conduct. If he reaches four or more demerit points within a 24-month period, they will be converted into suspension points and he will be banned. Two suspension points equate to a ban from one Test or two ODIs or two T20Is, whatever comes first for the player.
Stokes's reprimand came just hours after stumps on day one of the third Test between England and India in Mohali.
The reprimand was the minimum penalty available to the match referee. There was no mention from the ICC if Kohli would be charged for his part in the exchange. The India skipper was spoken to by the on-field umpires after the verbals.
Conversely, there has been no word from the ICC over the send-off delivered by South Africa pace bowler Kagiso Rabada after he bowled Australia Test debutant Nic Maddinson, who had failed to score, on Friday evening in Adelaide.
Rabada gives Maddinson a departing spray
International cricket is more affordable than ever this summer, with adult tickets from $30, kids from $10 and family packages from $65 across every day of international cricket. Price for purchase at match. Transaction fee from $6.95 applies to online and other purchases. For more information and to purchase tickets, click here.
When Google Fiber was released to Kansas City residents yesterday, the world went nuts about 1000Mbps (1Gbps) fibre broadband for $US70 per month, and Australian's — despite the fact that the NBN is happening — began to pine for super fast internet of their own. Alan Noble is the engineering director of Google Australia, and he says that there's absolutely no need for Google Fiber Down Under. Here's why.
Noble took to Google Plus yesterday to share the news about the Fiber project and said that the web giant is doing it in the US for the same reason the company thinks the NBN is a good idea: "because high-speed broadband spurs innovation".
A curious follower of Noble's stuck his neck out and suggested that Google could offer a Fiber-like service running at 1Gbps for Australians in the same way that No ISP is doing it — as a co-operative, non-profit venture for tech savvy Australians.
The follower, Scott Weston, said that Google Australia should become a local ISP, adding that if it did, he'd know that there was at least one provider pushing for Gigabit speeds over fibre for their customers.
Noble said that there was just no need for Google to become an ISP in Australia because eventually, everyone would have Gigabit speeds:
"In theory, the NBN should fulfill that need in Australia. Restricting the NBN to 100Mbps speeds is purely a commercial decision, not a technical one. There is no technical reason the NBN could not run at Gbps speeds.﻿
So if you're jumping up and down about Google Fiber and pining for it at your house, head over to NBN Co's roll-out map and see when the NBN will arrive in your area. The reason you're probably excited about Fiber is because the government isn't as good at making pretty instructional videos about fibre networks as Google is.
PORTLAND — The couple moved into the West End condo in 2011. It was their first home. It was the home they brought their newborn home to from the hospital last summer. It was perfect.
Only months later, they are debating whether to put their condo on the market, driven to the possibility of giving up their dream home by a downstairs neighbor who is using the building's shared basement to grow medical marijuana. The growth operation is legal under state law, but it has contributed to an inhospitable living environment, the couple says.
The couple's situation is the latest unintended consequence of Maine's still-evolving medical marijuana law. A Scarborough business owner earlier this year complained about a neighboring office tenant who was growing legally. A Fairfield woman who reapplied for a job with her former employer was not rehired after she disclosed that she was a medical marijuana user. The state's housing authority last fall banned medical marijuana use in Section 8 housing but then lifted the ban to study the issue further. A Falmouth doctor has offered discounts to college students for medical marijuana evaluations, but the state has no legal ability to stop him.
The problems are the result of decreased regulation and oversight by state officials, ambiguity about who has oversight authority and a hands-off approach by local law enforcement officers who must respect the privacy of medical marijuana growers and users.
The Portland couple say the skunky smell of marijuana lingers day and night. But by law, there is nothing they can do to stop it.
“Every state office we have turned to have referred us to someone else,” said the woman, who agreed to talk only if her name and address were not used, out of concern for her family's safety. “No one seems to be able to deal with it. No one seems to have any answers. We have mostly been told that it is our problem to solve.”
Instead of proposing legislation to address some of the loopholes that have emerged from a law that has little regulation, state lawmakers are focused on expanding the medical marijuana law.
One bill submitted this session would remove any restrictions on the permissible conditions under which a patient could be certified for medical marijuana. Another would decriminalize marijuana altogether, so that it could be taxed and regulated.
But according to the state's own licensing authority, the current system isn't regulated.
“In an effort to ensure privacy and confidentiality for patients and caregivers, (lawmakers) have eliminated the ability for the state to intervene in cultivation complaints,” said Kenneth Albert, director of licensing for Maine's Department of Health and Human Services, the state agency that oversees medical marijuana. “We may need to propose some legislation to enhance our ability to regulate this.”
Portland City Councilor David Marshall, a member of the Green Independent Party and a supporter of legalizing medical marijuana, said the West End couple's situation is unfortunate.
“It's really a civil matter and, honestly, I think they have a good case,” Marshall said. “But there is nothing criminal taking place. And municipalities by law have no control over medical marijuana grow sites.”
UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES
Maine first passed a medical marijuana law in 1999 to allow patients with certain debilitating conditions to grow and possess a small amount of medical marijuana for therapeutic use.
The law expanded considerably after a 2009 referendum that allowed certified caregivers to grow marijuana for up to six patients, created a network of approved marijuana dispensaries and expanded the conditions under which a patient could be certified.
Before that law was fully implemented, lawmakers passed another bill in 2011 that eliminated any reporting requirements for medical marijuana patients and doctors who certify patients. The state has no way of knowing how many patients are being prescribed medical marijuana or for what purpose and no way of knowing which doctors are doing the prescribing.
Albert said the state has been good at the administrative aspect of setting up medical marijuana dispensaries and approving caregivers, but has fallen short on the enforcement and compliance side.
Albert said DHHS can only do what the Legislature allows, and lawmakers from both parties have eroded many of the checks and balances within the system.
Some regulations do exist. Earlier this month, DHHS investigated a complaint at a medical marijuana dispensary in Lewiston. The investigation found 20 state rule violations – most notably, the use of pesticides on the plants. The state cited Wellness Connection of Maine for its “security, governance, inventory control and disposal of unused products.”
Sen. Margaret Craven, D-Lewiston, said no one was concerned about pesticides when the expanded law was passed in 2009 or when the law was amended again in 2011.
“If we didn't anticipate that, what else might we be missing?” she said.
Dispensaries must be inspected annually per state law, but most of them have not been open that long. The Maine Sunday Telegram requested information about any inspections that have been done so far. That information is still pending. Albert said that there have not been any other complaints made about dispensaries.
But while there is a mechanism for inspecting dispensaries, there is nothing similar for caregivers.
In fact, the 2011 law change eliminated the state's ability to oversee caregivers' growing operations.
That's why the couple in the West End hit a wall everywhere they tried to get help. No one had any authority.
Ambiguity in Maine's medical marijuana law has created other problems, too:
• In January, a Scarborough business owner complained about a neighboring tenant who was using office space to grow medical marijuana. Shawn Swaney said the smell was so strong at times that his employees suffered side effects. Swaney first went to police, but learned there was nothing illegal about the growth operation. He then asked the property manager to intervene and insist that the other tenant install ventilation.
• In February, a lawsuit believed to be the first of its kind in Maine was filed by a Pittsfield woman who claimed that a former employer refused to rehire her once she disclosed that she uses marijuana for medical reasons.
• Last fall, shortly before the college school year began, a Falmouth doctor, Dustin Sulak, placed an advertisement in alternative weekly newspapers that offered a college discount on medical marijuana evaluations. State officials said at the time that offering the discount was not appropriate, but no action was taken.
• Also last fall, the Maine State Housing Authority temporarily banned Section 8 housing clients from growing or using medical marijuana. The authority's board later voted to suspend the ban for six months to gather more information and develop a clearer policy.
Taken together, these examples demonstrate that Maine's medical marijuana law is not crystal clear in many areas.
The situation involving the condo owners in Portland appears to be a new complaint.
Marshall, the city councilor, said in the six years he has been in office, he's never heard a concern that involves growing medical marijuana.
Marshall also said the smell of marijuana is a nuisance but does not pose any health risks, even for children.
“What if he was brewing beer and someone said they didn't like the smell of fermentation? Would that be any different?” Marshall said.
The Portland couple doesn't feel the comparison is comparable.
“What about the right to the quiet enjoyment of my home?” the woman asked. “Clearly, no one had the best interest of the rest of us in mind when the lax laws were passed.”
The woman also fears what would happen if she and her husband tried to sell their condo. Would they have to disclose what is going on in the basement?
Linda Gifford, legal counsel for the Maine Association of Realtors, says that question has come up often lately. The answer, she said, is “No.”
Under Maine law, Gifford said, “sellers only have to disclose material defects in the physical condition of the property.”
Jennifer Defillipp, a Portland-area real estate agent who is also a landlord for several rental properties, said the example in the West End exposes what she called a “slippery slope.”
“I'm a landlord and if I don't want a tenant to grow, do I have rights? No one knows,” she said. “I think there needs to be some tighter regulations and a better sense of who has the right to regulate.”
Defillipp said she even voted for the expansion of Maine's medical marijuana law.
“I don't think anyone was thinking about these things,” she said.
The usual response for people who have complaints is to contact police, but police say the loosely regulated system has made their jobs harder.
Portland Police Chief Michael Sauschuck said his officers have been working with the West End couple to address their concerns, but no laws are being broken, so their authority is limited.
Sauschuck said the problems with little regulation are bigger than just landlord-tenant disputes. Often, his officers waste time and resources investigating marijuana growing operations only to find out that they are legal.
“We don't know ahead of time because they are not required to register,” he said. “If you're going to have this law, there should be ways to enforce it.”
Absent any criminal activity, Gifford said tenants who live near a medical marijuana grower still have valid safety concerns if the location is disclosed.
Diane Goldstein, a retired lieutenant with the Redondo Beach Police Department in California, who represents an advocacy group called Law Enforcement Against Prohibition, said legalization would actually help police officers and improve safety.
“The drug war hasn't worked. Criminalization has not worked,” she said. “When Prohibition ended and we created a system to tax and regulate alcohol, things improved. The same momentum exists for marijuana.”
EVOLVING LAWS
The unintended consequences in Maine are exacerbated by two facts: marijuana is still illegal in the eyes of the federal government and there is no state playbook for how to roll out a successful, well-regulated medical marijuana program.
California was the first state to pass a medical marijuana law in 1996. Since then, 19 states have followed. Last November, Colorado and Washington became the first states to legalize marijuana.
Some in Maine want to go down that road as well.
A bill sponsored by Rep. Mark Dion of Portland, a former sheriff, would eliminate any restrictions on physicians who certify medical marijuana patients. Currently, patients are certified only if they meet one of eight specific conditions.
“We don't tell doctors what they can and can't do for any other type of medication. Why should we for medical marijuana?” Dion said when introducing his bill.
Some doctors, such as Brian Pierce of Rockport, stay away from recommending medical marijuana for patients. He said he's not convinced of its benefits.
“The enthusiasm seems to exceed the evidence at this point,” he said.
Gordon Smith, director of the Maine Medical Association, a lobbying organization that represents physicians, said the conditions for medical marijuana use are already very liberal.
“We don't want to allow the program to become a front for recreational use,” he said.
Another bill, sponsored by Rep. Diane Russell, also of Portland, would eliminate any ambiguity by legalizing use and possession of marijuana for adults 21 and older. It would direct the state to license and regulate marijuana retail stores, cultivation facilities, product manufacturing facilities and testing facilities, and it would enact an excise tax of $50 per ounce on wholesale sales. The bill also would allow the state to begin regulating the cultivation, processing and distribution of industrial hemp.
“By regulating marijuana like alcohol we can take sales out of the underground market, generate millions of dollars in new tax revenue, and allow law enforcement to focus on serious crimes,” said David Boyer, Maine political director for the Marijuana Policy Project.
Those two bills have not yet been debated or voted on.
Craven said the Health and Human Services committee could amend any bill that comes before it. If it looks like Dion's bill to expand conditions has momentum, lawmakers could try to write tighter regulations into that bill. If Russell's bill is approved, the same thing could happen, although that law would need voter approval.
Craven said increased enforcement would come at a cost but also said there is a skill in overseeing marijuana growing and distribution.
“I'm not sure we have those skills,” she said.
Eric Russell can be contacted at 791-6344 or at:
[email protected]
Twitter: @PPHEricRussell
Share
A telephone help line service for the elderly will not be ringing today in Minnesota.
Blind residents reliant on state funding for reading services will remain in the dark for as long as the government's lights are turned off. Poor families who receive subsidies for childcare are on their own. The St. Louis Park Emergency Program's food shelf will have bare pickings for those who depend on the program for sustenance. The Community Action Center of Northfield will likely be forced to close down its homeless shelter without the state funding upon which it relies to house the homeless.
And yes, 23,000 state workers will be trying to figure out how to care for their families without a paycheck for the duration along with an estimated 5,000 to 10,000 construction workers who will be laid off as the state shuts down dozens of road and highway projects.
These are but a few of the consequences of the shutdown of Minnesota's government.
At issue is how to close a $5 billion deficit in the state left by the previous Minnesota governor, Tim Pawlenty.
Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton, a Democrat, had tried to bargain his way toward an agreement by offering up massive cuts in state services. In return, he asked the Republicans to agree to a tax increase for the wealthier citizens of the state to make up the remainder of the funding required to close most of the gap in the budget.
But the Republicans held firm on taxes - even when Dayton made his final offer that would have placed an additional 3% tax on only those Minnesotans earning over $1 million a year, a burden that would have been placed on just .03% of all Minnesotans.
It's not so much that the state's GOP leaders had a violent, allergic reaction to those earning seven figures a year having to pay a few percentage points more in taxes. What appears to have ended negotiations were the Republican demands that Governor Dayton agree to their social agenda issues, including Voter ID legislation and abortion restrictions, as the price for the Republicans allowing the very wealthy to pay a little more.
When the Governor refused to swallow the notion that the conservative social agenda should be used as a tool to resolve budgetary issues, the talks broke down and the lights at the statehouse were turned off.
So, you might wonder, how did the Minnesota GOP suggest that the gap in the finances be met even as they seemed to realize that there was little left for the Governor to offer on the cutting side of the ledger?
You won't believe it.
The Republicans actually proposed creating more debt to close the gap.
The GOP proposed delaying another $700 million in payments owed to schools, which would add to the more than $1 billion the state already owes K-12 schools. Republicans also offered to issue "tobacco bonds" of an unspecified amount to cover any remaining budget gap. Sources said Dayton considered the offer, but he criticized it as unwise borrowing late Thursday. Via The Star Tribune
I guess a Republican has to do what a Republican has to do when it comes to protecting the wealthiest in the state from paying a higher tax rate- even if it means creating more debt despite a GOP platform that, allegedly, abhors debt.
If you find the lessons of Minnesota disturbing, get used to it.
What you are seeing is simply the national debate playing out on a smaller stage. I suppose this is what Republicans mean when they suggest using the states as laboratories for what will and won't work on the national level.
You can bet that every political player on the national stage will be watching to see how the Minnesota public reacts to their situation along with which party gets the lion's share of the blame for bringing this blight upon their land.
If Governor Dayton caves and simply accepts the GOP budget, we can expect that our Congressional Republicans would take great heart in such an occurrence and be emboldened to stick with the plan.
If the GOP legislators begin to fear that their jobs may be in jeopardy as punishment for shutting down the state in order to protect a little more than 7,000 Minnesotans earning at least a million bucks a year, that too will be noticed.
Watch the polls in Minnesota over the next week or two. They may tell you everything you need to know about what is likely to happen as we move towards resolving the debt ceiling debate.
contact Rick at thepolicypage@gmail.com
Twitter @rickungar
UPDATE:
Senatul a invocat astăzi, în cazul senatorului Dan Șova, aceleași argumente folosite în prealabil de avocatul Elenei Udrea.
Senatul are 168 de membri, iar pentru încuviințarea arestării preventive a lui Dan Șova au fost 79 de voturi pentru, 67 împotrivă și 5 anulate. Senatul a hotărât respingerea cererii deoarece „ în urma votului exprimat nu a fost întrunit votul majorității senatorilor”, ci doar a celor prezenți. Doar că, retrospectiv, același raționament ar invalida ridicarea imunității altor senatori: Catalin Voicu, Ion Ariton, Serban Mihailescu și Ecaterina Andronescu. Cel mai recent, imunitatea lui Ion Ariton a fost ridicată cu doar 77 de voturi pentru.
Pe 23 februarie, plenul Camerei Deputaților a votat pentru încuviințarea arestării preventive a Elenei Udrea [1] . Avocatul acesteia, Marius Striblea, a contestat validitatea deciziei, argumentând că numărul de voturi „pentru” este insuficient. Are dreptate avocatul? Si dacă da, câte din voturile privind ridicarea imunității exprimate în Parlament ar fi, retrospectiv, nevalabile?
Dl. Striblea susține că votul nu este valabil deoarece ar fi fost necesare 199 de voturi pentru, în loc de cele 170 care s-au înregistrat. Argumentul său este bazat pe legea 96/2006 privind statutul deputaților și senatorilor, articolul 24, alin. (4). Atunci când se pune problema ridicării imunității parlamentare, legea spune:
„Camera hotărâște asupra cererii cu votul secret al majorității membrilor săi.”
Potrivit avocatului Elenei Udrea, asta înseamnă că e nevoie de votul favorabil al majorității tuturor membrilor Camerei, nu doar cei prezenți în sală. În acest caz, ar fi necesar ca 199 de deputați să fi votat „pentru”, adică jumătate + 1 din numărul de membri ai Camerei Deputaților (396 momentan).
Însă practica parlamentară și Regulamentul Camerei Deputaților contrazic această interpretare. Mai exact, în Regulamentul Camerei, la articolul 195, referitor la ridicarea imunității, alin. (8) scrie:
„Camera Deputaților se va pronunța asupra măsurii în cel mult 20 de zile de la sesizare, cu votul majorității membrilor prezenți.”
Ieri, în plenul Camerei Deputaților s-au înregistrat 170 de voturi pentru arestarea preventivă a Dnei Udrea, 118 voturi împotrivă și 13 voturi nule. Conform Secretarului Camerei Deputaților Nicolae Mircovici, la momentul votului erau 325 de deputați prezenți. Dacă este necesară doar majoritatea membrilor prezenți, atunci votul de ieri este valid.
Pe baza informațiilor obținute de la Camera Deputaților și Senat, am analizat voturile pentru ridicarea imunității din 2008 și până în prezent. Din aceste date, rezultă că raționamentul avocatului Elenei Udrea ar invalida, retrospectiv, un număr de 12 decizii de ridicare a imunității.
Din 2008 și până acum, 22 cereri de ridicare a imunității au fost aprobate prin votul Senatului sau al Camerei Deputaților [2] . Dintre acestea, un număr de 12 (deci peste jumătate) s-au considerat valide, cu toate că voturile „pentru” au reprezentat doar o majoritate a celor prezenți, și nu o majoritate a tuturor membrilor camerei respective.
Printre aceste decizii, care ar fi nevalide conform Dlui Striblea, se numără inclusiv un alt vot privind arestarea preventivă a Elenei Udrea, din data de 9 februarie 2014 (152 pentru, 82 contras și 6 nule) [3] .
De fapt, atunci când se votează pentru ridicarea imunității, practica parlamentară este de a asigura mai întâi existența cvorumului necesar, și anume prezența unei majorități a membrilor camerei în sală. Apoi, pentru aprobarea unei cereri, se consideră necesar ca o majoritate a membrilor prezenți să voteze pentru.
În concluzie, deși formularea legii 96/2006, preluată și în Regulamentul Senatului, pare la prima vedere să-i dea dreptate lui Marius Striblea, practica în Parlament indică faptul că votul privind arestarea preventivă a Elenei Udrea este valid.
Graficul de mai jos ilustrează toate voturile privind ridicarea imunității din 2008 și până în prezent.
Linia roșie reprezintă pragul propus de Dl. Striblea — 50% + 1 din membrii camerei. Cazurile sub linie nu satisfac această condiție, inclusiv 12 decizii de ridicare a imunității considerate valide până acum.
Cazurile colorate cu roșu sunt cele pentru care o majoritate a celor prezenți a votat împotriva cererii de ridicare a imunității [4] .
Cazurile cu albastru sunt cele pentru care o majoritate a celor prezenți a votat în favoarea cererii de ridicare a imunității.
[1] Comunicatul Parchetului de pe lângă Înalta Curte de Casaţie şi Justiţie: http://www.mpublic.ro/presa/2015/c_16_02_2015.htm
[2] 11 au fost respinse prin vot.
[3] Ultimul vot al serii de 9 februarie: http://www.digi24.ro/Stiri/Digi24/Actualitate/Justitie/VOT+PARLAMENT+CERERI+DNA+UDREA+GALA+BUTE+MICROSOFT
Hillary Clinton is a person, her campaign insists. Someone who has feelings and is not an evil Shakespearean character plotting and scheming in the background.
In an interview with Politico's Glenn Thrush, senior Clinton aide Neera Tanden defended Clinton as a person who was not “looking at things in some crazy Lady Macbeth way.”
She urged voters and reporters to put her email decision in context, arguing that “no person was perfect.” Clinton was human, she insisted.
“Like, she's a person. She's a normal person,” Tanden insisted. “She laughs. She cries.”
When challenged by Thrush, Tanden admitted Mrs. Clinton wasn't exactly “normal” but complained that reporters were too suspicious about her deleted emails.
“It's a ubiquitous thing in the coverage that she's got some grand Lady Macbeth strategy of how to do something and really it's just like it happened and sometimes it was like a mistake or something, and like this, you know no one was sending any crazy message,” she said.
She complained that reporters harbored a “layer of suspicion to everything” about Clinton, when actually the former Secretary of State was more focused on policies.
Thrush argued that more off the record appearances with reporters would help fix the way they perceived the Democratic nominee.
Tanden criticized Clinton's vanquished presidential primary rival Sen. Bernie Sanders for damaging her character ratings.
“He did do significant damage to Hillary's negatives,” she said. “I mean, he drove a lot of those negatives, and the truth of it, I mean, just to be candid — or honest about it, I think getting those kinds of attacks from another Democrat or another liberal or another progressive is much tougher for Hillary.”
Tanden admitted that it was difficult to recover from Sanders and his campaign attacks — pointing out that she was too close to Wall Street and being “bought and paid” by the big banks and corporations.
Azucar Bakery (Photo: Jessica Oh/9NEWS)
DENVER, Colo. - A Colorado bakery is under investigation for religious discrimination after a baker refused to write anti-gay words on a cake.
In March of 2014, a customer named Bill Jack requested several cakes in the shapes of Bibles from the Azucar Bakery in Denver, Colo., according to the bakery owner, Marjorie Silva.
Silva says Jack pulled out a piece of paper with phrases like "God hates gays" and requested her to write them on his cakes.
He wouldn't let employees make a copy of the paper and would not read the words out loud, Silva claims. The bakery owner also says the customer wanted an image of two men holding hands with an "X" on top.
"After I read it, I was like 'No way,'" Silva said. "'We're not doing this. This is just very discriminatory and hateful.'"
In a statement to 9NEWS Jack said, "I believe I was discriminated against by the bakery based on my creed."
As a result, Jack filed a complaint with the Civil Rights division of the Department of Regulatory Agencies. The bakery is now under investigation for religious discrimination, and if the agency feels discriminatory acts were committed, the case could move forward to the Colorado Civil Rights Commission.
Jack is a founder of Worldview Academy, which is a "non-denominational organization dedicated to helping Christians think and live in accord with a Biblical worldview," according to the organization's website.
Jack's biography on the website says he is currently an educator who used to teach in public schools in the past, adding that he has appeared on numerous national radio and TV programs.
"It's unfair that he's accusing me of discriminating when I think he was the one that is discriminating," Silva said.
Nancy Leong, a University of Denver law professor, says she doesn't believe Silva violated any laws.
"This is not a situation where a business owner denied service to somebody," Leong said. "She offered to accommodate him to the extent that she could. In fact, requiring her to write that message would infringe on her own free speech rights."
The Department of Regulatory Agencies required an extension so a decision is not expected for at least a couple of months.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1J9ujYE
Mass Effect: Andromeda's multiplayer is pretty good, but your success in it hinges on what gear, gadgets, and character classes you're able to accumulate. To get that stuff and make a great Andromeda multiplayer build , you'll have to unpack dozens of supply packs: loot boxes that you earn from completing missions or with cold-hard cash.
Here's how the loot system works, and how you can improve your chances of getting rare gear.
Currencies
Packs are purchased using two of the three multiplayer currencies: Andromeda Points and Credits. The remaining currency, Mission Funds, is specifically for restocking consumables and outfitting your Apex strike teams.
Andromeda Points are your typical shortcut currency exchanged for real-world money. You can buy Advanced, Expert, and Premium packs with far fewer Andromeda Points over the freely earned Credits—around $5/£4 bestows enough Points for a few Advanced packs or a pair of Expert and Premium packs. Invest your moneydollars as you wish, but note that the currencies earned in-game flow pretty abundantly from even your first Bronze-difficulty round.
You'll both spend and accrue plenty of Credits throughout your multiplayer career, as it's the primary payout from completing waves, challenges, and objectives. The higher the difficulty for the match, the more you'll potentially earn, but don't get too greedy—the higher Silver and Gold difficulties will swiftly punish you if you're unprepared and send you back to the menu screen with nothing lining your pockets. If you're just starting out, it's best to stick with Bronze until you reach roughly level 10 and have accumulated enough kit to tackle Silver.
Mission Funds are earned by sending computer-controlled strike teams on Apex missions or participating in a set of three daily Apex missions. These missions feature special objectives and modifiers such as eliminating a particular target, amping the damage of a certain weapon type, or restricting power usage. Their rewards are likewise more substantial than a standard round and are the best way to gather Mission Funds for cheap resupplies on medkits, revive kits, Cobra RPGs, and other important consumables. (You'll also kick over some extra resources for Ryder in the singleplayer.)
Choosing which item pack to buy
The weapons, classes, and gear you'll gather from item packs come in four rarities: Common, Uncommon, Rare, and Ultra-Rare. Weapons and classes are additionally divided by rank quality starting from rank 1 and maximizing at rank 10. Here's the cost of each item pack and what you're expected to receive for each cost tier:
Basic (5,000 Credits): Five random items or characters with a small chance for an Uncommon quality item
Five random items or characters with a small chance for an Uncommon quality item Advanced (20,000 Credits or 100 Andromeda Points): Five random items or characters with at least one guaranteed Uncommon item and a small chance for a Rare item
Five random items or characters with at least one guaranteed Uncommon item and a small chance for a Rare item Expert (50,000 Credits or 200 Andromeda Points): Five random items or characters with at least one guaranteed Rare item and a small chance for an Ultra-Rare item
Five random items or characters with at least one guaranteed Rare item and a small chance for an Ultra-Rare item Premium (100,000 Credits or 300 Andromeda Points): Five random items or characters with at least two guaranteed Rare items and a higher chance for an Ultra-Rare item
How to spend your currency
Stick with Basic packs until both your starting Common weapons and classes reach rank 10. You'll see immediate benefits: each increasing class rank bestows a higher base skill point allotment to further augment your powers on a fresh character. Weapon stats will become better tuned for damage and weight efficiency. Most importantly, fully maxing your Common inventory removes their inclusion in future pack loot tables, increasing your chances of getting better gear from the more expensive packs.
After you've begun dipping into Silver matches, start buying Advanced packs to round out your Uncommon quality items and classes. Ideally, you want to mirror the same max-rank end-goal as you met for your Common stuff, but this is where the grind turns heavy; be patient and make sure to get your Apex dailies done for fat Credit bonuses. Once you hit rank 10 for your roster and armaments, you're primed for the high-damage and high-reward big leagues.
Lastly, skip the Expert packs and go straight for the juicier Premium packs. For double the Credit price, you get a better chance at coveted Ultra-Rare unlocks alongside the two guaranteed and powerful Rare items. At this point, your class stable should be bristling with power and gear, and you shouldn't have much trouble acing numerous Silver and Gold matches to dump Tempest-loads of Credits into your wallet. Continue using your excess Credits on Premium packs to hunt after specific weapons to your liking—some popular picks include the Mattock assault rifle, Equalizer pistol, Raptor sniper rifle, or Scattershot shotgun.
24 SHARES Share Tweet
A buddy of mine updated his status on Facebook the other day to read Casper wasn't famous until he was a ghost, which made me LOL. It also made me realize such is the case for men in our lives who we only seem to notice once they're gone. When they're no longer initiating texts. When they're no longer responding to our texts. When they become the ghost of a hook-up past, gone (but not forgotten.)
When people peace out without telling us what up, we're often left wondering where we went wrong. We take it personally. We feel like shit. We feel rejected. And that often makes us want that guy all the more so, because we want to prove that we are worthy (whether to him or to ourselves, no one knows.) Even though this approach is not something we honour, we asked Toronto bachelors (after promising them anonymity so they'd be honest AF) for some insight as to why they decided to take the disappearing route on someone they went out with (casually, or otherwise.)
Here are their responses:
“It's easier to ghost than to try and give the girl the bs line ˜I'm not really looking for anything serious right now.' I also feel like it hurts a girl's feelings more to have to tell them to fuck off in a nice way, than it would to let them slowly disappear.” Anonymous, 35 years old
“Because half the time when I try to explain to a girl what's up, they tell me I'm an asshole or I'm wrong. If they're going to think that either way, I might as well avoid the headache. More times than not, women have tried to tell me why I should stay with them. That's like a drunk dude at the bar who won't leave a girl alone. Ghosting avoids that whole ‘Oh my god I said no like 100 times' ordeal.” Anonymous, 29 years old
“People are afraid of offending others and being honest. The truth hurts. Saying nothing is easier. We all take the easy way out. It's just worse when time and experience has been invested (or sex for that matter), especially if it was amazing. I can't remember the last time I told someone or had been told ˜I'm just not interested' either without a full-blown explanation or lie for that matter.” Anonymous, 34 years old
“I don't know, sometimes I just got bored with a girl. Sometimes it was mutual and we both just faded away. We'd text less and less until it was no more. One time I tried to tell a girl that I didn't think we were headed anywhere but she kept messaging me, so I just stopped messaging her back.” Anonymous, 35 years old
“I didn't respond because I felt there were a lot of red flags and I was stressed out about my job at the time and was juggling too many things. Not a great excuse. I still feel bad. But I felt it was easier to ignore than to deal with it head on.” Anonymous, 37 years old
“Too nice/couldn't let them down. Don't want to crush them and so hope to tippy toe on out. It starts with one day. After day two and three it's gets real and then the texts get more serious, like: ‘Hey! What are you up to? Hope you have a great day!' and you definitely don't want to answer those. You eventually get to a line in the sand: I've already gone this far and, rather than explain when you're already in the wrong, it's easier to just keep on going. Think Forrest Gump when he went for a run: you don't really know where you're going but you just keep on going!” Anonymous, 31 years old
“If it's after one date or so, I don't believe it's necessary to say anything. Ideally both people will feel there wasn't a spark (again, ideally). I think it's done more out of respect, as in not looking to hurt anyone's feelings by saying you're not interested in a second date. If it's one date, I don't think you owe that person anything. If you went for a drink, no kiss or anything, you call a spade a spade.” Anonymous, 35 years old
Story highlights Japan says statue "unfavorable influence" on relations
South Korea describes expresses regret over move
(CNN) Japan has recalled two top diplomats from South Korea over a controversial statue erected outside its consulate in the South Korean city of Busan a week ago.
Tokyo will also halt talks with South Korea on a planned currency swap and delay high-level economic dialogue as part of its "initial" response to the statue, Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a press briefing Friday.
The statue was erected by a civil group in December and represents "comfort women," women who were forced to work as sex slaves for Japanese soldiers during World War II.
"The fact that the girls' statue was set up has an unfavorable influence on relations between Japan and the Republic of Korea, and it is extremely regrettable," Suga said.
JUST WATCHED Former 'comfort woman' recalls horrors Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Former 'comfort woman' recalls horrors 02:51
The temporary recall involves the Japanese Ambassador to South Korea and the Consulate General of Japan in Busan.
Read More
Sandro, an amateur Swiss artist, started this great adventure.
In late 2013, he decided to create a graphic novel based on the film Le Mans, thereby combining his two passions, art and classic cars. He sees this graphic novel as beautiful, dynamic and spectacular.
He first teamed up with Guillaume, an illustrator of 20 Michel Vaillant graphic novels, to create the magnificent and legendary cars, and then with Thomas to storyboard and create all the characters in the book.
A few months later, Florian, a German professor of architecture, and Pierre, an author of many illustrated books about cars, joined the small team. They were also responsible for the scenery and coloring, respectively.
After being approved by Chad McQueen, CBS and the ACO, the graphic novel was finally ready to print in October 2016. Sandro chose a large format and high-quality materials to enhance the beauty of the entire team's work.
On December 9, 2016, after 3 years of hard work, this graphic novel was an instant hit with enthusiasts of car racing, the movie Le Mans and the King of Cool, and its success was well-deserved.
There's growing excitement these days around organic photovoltaic solar cells, which use semiconducting plastics instead of the traditional silicon-based cells to produce thin-film solar delivery systems. Organic cells don't have the efficiency of silicon-based cells, but they're a lot cheaper. So could it be possible that organic cells are a better alternative over an entire life-cycle? Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) researchers say one of the first studies to address that question has yielded positive results.
According to an RIT press release, university researchers attempted to calculate the energy use and environmental impact that comes with material collection, fabrication, mass production and use of organic photovoltaic (OPV) solar cells. They found that “the embodied energy — or the total energy required to make a product — is less for organic solar cells compared with conventional inorganic devices.”
Annick Anctil, a fourth-year doctoral candidate in RIT's doctoral program in sustainability, led the research. “Organic solar cells are flexible and lightweight, and they have the promise of low-cost solution processing, which can have advantages for manufacturing over previous-generation technologies that primarily use inorganic semiconductor materials,” she said. “However, previous assessments of the energy and environmental impact of the technology have been incomplete and a broader analysis is needed to better evaluate the overall effect of production and use.”
While OPVs appear to have a life-cycle edge, the researchers said further study was needed to determine the stability of panels using the technology.
Like what you are reading? Follow us on RSS, Twitter and Facebook to get green technology news updates throughout the day and chat with other green tech lovers.
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – Scores of Kurdish youth may have been recruited at mosques across the Kurdistan Region and sent across the border to the “jihad” in Syria, local officials say. Most have gone without the knowledge of parents and 10 have so far been killed in the fighting.
Security officials, particularly in Sulaimani province, recently reported that around 150 young Kurds had traveled across the border to Syria to fight against the embattled regime of Bashar Assad. This month, security forces also carried out night raids on several mosques in Sulaimani to check out suspicions they were being used for recruitment.
Mariwan Naqshbandy, the spokesperson for the Ministry of Religious Affairs in Erbil, believes that part of the reason youth are attracted by the war next door is the way anti-Assad fighters have been glorified in the media.
“Some of the Arab media portrayed those who fight the Assad regime as heroes,” Naqshbandy told Rudaw in a recent interview. “So that influenced our young at the start of the Syrian conflict.”
According to Naqshbandy, most of the young Kurds who have gone to Syria are between the ages of 16 and 25. Authorities say that 10 of the estimated 150 who have gone have been killed in the fighting.
“The parents of 90 percent of those who have gone to Syria are unaware” about the whereabouts of their children, he said. “At this age, one view or one person can easily influence a young person.”
The Kurdish military and security officials usually keep tight control of their borders, especially with Syria and Iraq, to prevent a spillover of the conflict into their stable region. They also stop anyone from leaving the region to join extremist groups in places like Syria.
Kurdish political parties, including Islamic ones, have not endorsed the so-called “jihad” in Syria, Naqshbandy noted.
“Parties have officially declared that they are against the youth going to Syria, and that the reasoning behind going there for jihad is wrong,” he said.
Security forces in Sulaimani reported earlier this month that, in raids at several mosques, they had seized laptops and incriminating evidence of Islamic students and clerics recruiting youth for the Syrian war.
Naqshbandy rejected claims that mosques in Kurdistan have served as recruitment centers and said he supports the security forces in stopping any such activity. He said that authorities had been respectful in the way they had carried out the searches at Sulaimani mosques this month.
“If the documents that they have sent to us from Sulaimani security are true and were indeed taken from laptops from the mosques, then it's quite dangerous and we need to investigate accurately,” Naqshbandy said.
Naqshbandy said that Kurdistan clerics have refused to endorse the war in Syria as a jihad and have done their best to discourage people from going there to fight. In the meantime, it is not easy to control every meeting and conversation that takes place inside Kurdistan's 5,000 mosques, he explained.
“Because the mosques are public places in Kurdistan and everyone goes there freely without any obstacles, they are the best places for the young to meet and talk,” he said. “But you cannot watch everyone during prayers, and the mosques are not controlled by surveillance cameras as in other Islamic countries.”
Some 5,300 miles away from the Swedish town of Visby, an Arizona desert beckons. At a glance the two locales couldn't be more different, in terms of climate and culture, populace past and present. Yet a genre as persistent and enduring as death metal inevitably gets its tendrils into even the most arid and harsh landscapes. The continued embracement by American metal audiences of Visby's pioneering Grave or, say, Gothenburg's At The Gates, speaks to this phenomenon.
Proud residents of Sonoran Desert cities like Tucson and Phoenix, Gatecreeper cite both groups as influences, as have metal critics and fans. "One of the gateway records was At The Gates' Slaughter Of The Soul," says frontman Chase Mason. "A lot of the metal I got into was through hardcore."
Indeed, Gatecreeper's appeal spreads beyond death metal audiences and into the hardcore arena. You're as likely to find them playing punk festivals in Philadelphia as you are to catch them opening for the likes of Skeletonwitch or headlining local metal gigs in the Southwest. As technology and social media opened up music to the masses in new ways, it's become clearer and clearer how artificial the purportedly strict scene divisions are. "There's a lot of crossover right now," says Mason. "There are a lot of hardcore kids getting into death metal."
This fortuitous state of affairs bodes well for Gatecreeper, whose debut full-length for Relapse Records premieres here today. Entitled Sonoran Depravation, the nine song album reflects the prickly intermingling of genres and cities, raw with emotion and a pervasive ferocity. Unlike bands like Power Trip or Xibalba, whose sound clearly melds thrash and punk, Gatecreeper's approach on tracks like "Sterilizing" or highlight "Stronghold" emphasize death metal as a primary style.
"Being in the desert warps our minds a little bit," says Mason. So take some time to expose yourself to the furnace blast heat of Gatecreeper's new album, streaming below.
​
GATECREEPER w/ Skeletonwitch, Iron Reagan, Oathbreaker:
9/29/2016 The Earl – Atlanta, GA
9/30/2016 The Jinx – Savannah, GA
10/01/2016 Crowbar – Tampa, FL
10/02/2016 The Atlantic – Gainesville, FL
10/03/2016 Sluggo's – Pensacola, FL *
10/04/2016 Siberia – New Orleans, LA
10/05/2016 White Oak – Houston, TX
10/06/2016 RBC – Dallas, TX
10/07/2016 Barracuda – Austin, TX
10/08/2016 The Sandbox – El Paso, TX *
10/09/2016 Rebel Lounge – Phoenix, AZ
10/10/2016 Brick By Brick – San Diego, CA
10/11/2016 The Roxy – Los Angeles, CA
10/12/2016 DNA Lounge – San Francisco, CA
10/14/2016 Panic Room – Portland, OR
10/15/2016 Highline – Seattle, WA
10/16/2016 Wastelander Studios – Boise, ID *
10/17/2016 Metro Bar – Salt Lake City, UT
10/18/2016 Marquis Theater – Denver, CO
10/29/2016 Within These Walls Fest – Mesa, AZ*
*GATECREEPER Only
Gary Suarez is staying hydrated on Twitter​.
The girl's mother said workers told her they left the open manhole unattended for only a second.
We all know that walking and texting is a tough combination -- but a Staten Island teen learned the hard way when she fell into an uncovered sewer manhole while trying to send a message.
Now, the family of Alexa Longueira, 15, intends to sue.
The girl suffered a fright and some scrapes on her arms back after she dropped into the hole on Victory Boulevard.
"It was four or five feet, it was very painful. I kind of crawled out and the DEP guys came running and helped me," Longueria told the Staten Island Advance.. "They were just, like, 'I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"
For its part, the Department of Environmental Protection said its workers had turned away briefly to grab some cones when the incident occurred.
"We regret that this happened and wish the young woman a speedy recovery," DEP spokeswoman Mercedes Padilla said in a statement. She added that crews were flushing a high-pressure sewer line at the time.
The girl was checked out at Staten Island University Hospital and released.
Sewer line workers are supposed to cut off pedestrian access to work sites or at least mark them with warning signs.
The family said they will file a lawsuit -- for what, though, is not immediately clear. Her mother, Kim Longueira, said it doesn't matter that her daughter was walking and texting, and also, the 'gross' factor that can't be ignored.
"Oh my God, it was putrid," she said. "One of her sneakers is still down there"
In New Orleans, there are few names more respect than Rickey Jackson. The NFL Hall of Famer, Saints Hall of Famer, Saints Ring of Honor member and cornerstone of the Dome Patrol defense played an unparalleled brand of defense during his 13 years for the Saints. For fans of the Who Dat Nation, Jackson is a legend. To Tyler Rickey Anderson Jackson, he's Dad.
Tyler Jackson: Son of a New Orleans Saints Legend
It goes without saying that life is a little different for the child of an NFL Hall of Famer.
As one could imagine, there are some positives.
“One thing is, not too many people can say that they have a Hall A Fame father, that's pretty cool,” Jackson mentioned.
Jackson would go on to mention that he appreciates the amount of time he gets to spend with his father, despite his popularity and busy schedule.
The Downside
As one could imagine, there are also some drawbacks to being born to such a legend.
“The negatives, less personal time because of his busy schedule and there is no sense of a normal life,” he emphasized. “Often times people think, since your father is a Hall of Famer, you get a lot of perks. One of the drawbacks is, he's a Hall of Famer. I'm just the kid trying to make it in this world. I am an athlete and often get compared to my father. I respect the game of football. However, my love is for basketball. Also, when people find out who my dad is, they try to challenge me, etc. Most of the time, I don't say a word until I have total trust in a person. To me, it's just a name. My loyalty lies because he's my dad.”
Just like being an NFL player, being related to an NFL player can make it tough to know if people have good intentions when you meet them. When asked if he has a hard time trusting people or if people treated him differently because of his father's success on the football field, Jackson replied in the affirmative.
“Often times, I find people get caught up in the limelight that they forget that my dad, myself, and our family are just like any other family out there without the titles,” Jackson stated.
His humble upbringing with his mother keep him grounded through all these type of challenges.
A Fight For Attention
As a child of a Hall of Fame player, you often share your father's attention with many different outlets. You split that attention even more when, like Jackson, you're one of nine children. While Jackson may feel like he missed some time with his father in his early years, their relationship has grown into something special in recent years.
“To me, what's important, (is) that I am living with my father today and have been with him for a while,” Jackson said. “He supports me, I support him. I'm old enough to understand, dad has a life and with his fame, there are consequences. Less time with family but, the time he does provide, are the BEST! I used to live with my mom but, now I live with my dad. In my case, I have the best of both worlds. Both mom and dad are really good.”
Jackson would go on to say that despite being the youngest of nine children, he doesn't feel like he missed out on anything.
What did Tyler Jackson say his father is like when the door is closed and the cameras are off? Probably just what you'd think.
“My dad is a funny guy,” he said. “He makes a lot of jokes. Sometimes I think he let's his fame go to his head because when we disagree, he reminds me that he is the Hall a Famer, we both laugh. What the public see is a nice guy, at home what I see is a dad that is trying to live his life based on his fame. As a father, he has rules, those rules are somewhat different than the norm because having his status, I cannot bring just anyone home due to the sensitivity of who and what he is and stand for.”
What Drives Tyler Jackson?
As for the future, Jackson has no time to spend in his father's shadow. Jackson was built with the same itch for greatness as his father. This generation of Jackson, however, is not spending most of his time on a football field. If you're looking for Tyler Jackson, odds are you can find him on the basketball court.
“A lot of folks doesn't know this but, dad was a basketball player and a good one as well,” the 6'2″ guard emphasized. “I think he played that sport prior to football. My goals are simple, I want to finish school, and play professional basketball. I am currently at Tulane.”
While the city of New Orleans sees Rickey Jackson as NFL royalty, Tyler Jackson still sees his father, his friend and his mentor.
popcorntime.se warning a guest Feb 13th, 2015 1,455 Never a guest1,455Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 0.80 KB popcorntime.se warning -------------------------- popcorntime.se is yet another clone of the original popcorntime client for downloading and viewing movie torrents. This is yet another reminder to use caution when downloading applications from unauthorized sources. This particular client opens a vpn connection to 94.242.228.64 over port 1080 with a username and password to check for a new APK to download, and on the android apk, it uses the deviceid to uniquely identify your device. Any application that downloads apk or code automatically should not be trusted. As a reminder, applications should only be downloaded from an authorized store such as iTunes, Amazon, or Google Play although applications related to the name popcorntime seem to be linked to malware in many different versions. -Stryker
RAW Paste Data
popcorntime.se warning -------------------------- popcorntime.se is yet another clone of the original popcorntime client for downloading and viewing movie torrents. This is yet another reminder to use caution when downloading applications from unauthorized sources. This particular client opens a vpn connection to 94.242.228.64 over port 1080 with a username and password to check for a new APK to download, and on the android apk, it uses the deviceid to uniquely identify your device. Any application that downloads apk or code automatically should not be trusted. As a reminder, applications should only be downloaded from an authorized store such as iTunes, Amazon, or Google Play although applications related to the name popcorntime seem to be linked to malware in many different versions. -Stryker
House arrest should not prove too irksome for Robert Mugabe. After all, the house in question is most likely the 25-bedroom mansion in Borrowdale, an affluent suburb of Zimbabwe's capital Harare, built for the now-deposed president and his wife, ‘Gucci Grace'.
A gilded cage, quite literally, in the baroque style, marble-clad, drenched in gold leaf and with two swimming pools and a state-of-the-art security system, it is a study in vulgarity.
This wedding cake of an edifice, built at vast expense, is an opulent rebuke to millions of ordinary Zimbabweans who must daily contend with appalling poverty, struggling by on barely a dollar a day.
If the 93-year-old dictator is permitted to serve out what time remains to him in such a setting, he should be grateful.
Others of his kind ended up swinging from lampposts.
House arrest should not prove too irksome for Robert Mugabe. After all, the house in question is most likely the 25-bedroom mansion in Borrowdale, an affluent suburb of Zimbabwe's capital Harare, built for the now-deposed president and his wife, ‘Gucci Grace'
Robert Mugabe's wife Grace (pictured together) is said to have fled to Namibia according to an opposition MP, though there has been no official confirmation of her whereabouts.
Robert Mugabe's wife Grace (pictured together) is said to have fled to Namibia according to an opposition MP, though there has been no official confirmation of her whereabouts.
And 93 is a good age in Zimbabwe — a very good age. When Mugabe came to power in 1980, the life expectancy of a Zimbabwean male at birth was 59. It is now 58.
This is testament to a regime that has transformed what was once one of Africa's most prosperous countries, endowed with fertile lands and mineral wealth, into an economic basket case where in 2008 the monthly inflation rate peaked at 79.6 billion per cent.
If one object sums up ‘Comrade Bob' Mugabe's custodianship of his country, it must surely be the production of the One Trillion Dollar note. The hyperinflation of Weimar Germany appears like a minor glitch in comparison.
The dictator who was feted by the world His years in charge of Zimbabwe were an orgy of murder and corruption — but look who was happy to welcome him... Welcome to Washington: President Bush greets Mugabe in the U.S. capital in 1991 Unholy alliance: Pope Francis with Mugabe and his wife Grace at the Vatican in 2014 Royal role: Independence in 1980 and the new prime minister meets Prince Charles With Nelson Mandela in 1998. South Africa consistently refused to rein in Mugabe Tyrants together: The Zimbabwe leader was a guest of Putin at the Kremlin in 2015
Luckily for Mugabe and his wife, there is plenty of hard currency stashed away in family bank accounts in Asia and elsewhere, as well as property in Hong Kong, Dubai, Malaysia and South Africa.
These billions are the fruits of decades of corruption which have transformed Zimbabwe into a mafia state, a society in which members of the ruling civilian and military elite always expect their cut.
Robert and Grace Mugabe stand comparison with the very worst in the league table of kleptocratic dictatorial couples.
Nicolae and Elena Ceausescu and Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos, curses of Romania and the Philippines respectively, are among the few who can rival Mugabe and his wife in the obscene scope of their greed and heartlessness.
But even their countrymen were not as poor as the 16 million people of Zimbabwe are now.
In 2015, the UN World Food Programme estimated that a quarter of children under five in the southern African country were stunted due to malnutrition, and just over half were suffering from anaemia.
Robert Gabriel Mugabe claims to be a Roman Catholic.
Schooled by Jesuits, he has attended the canonisation of Popes in the Vatican.
How he has ever been able to square his religion with the monumental lack of compassion displayed during his 37 years in power is one of the enduring mysteries of the man.
Certainly, ‘Gucci Grace', a woman who at 52 combines a rapacious appetite for luxury goods with a keen sense of self-worth and a violent temper, was not the person to provide her ageing husband with any form of moral guidance.
Mugabe's first wife, Sally Hayfron, who lay dying from kidney failure even as the president courted his future second wife — she was his secretary — is considered to have been a restraining influence.
Grace, by contrast, displays no facility for restraint, lavishing millions on bling, including, of all things, a diamond-studded headboard. Cost: £200,000.
Mugabe, said to be a frugal man despite his purloined wealth, may not worship money like his wife but he has the Maoist's disdain for the individual.
After coming to power in 1980 after years of armed struggle against the white-supremacist government of Ian Smith, Mugabe, leader of the Zanu-PF movement, was at first feted by world leaders.
Margaret Thatcher chatted to him by the fireside at No. 10 during his visits to London, she with a whisky, he with water.
Mugabe always enjoyed a love-hate relationship with the old colonial master, combining admiration of the British with deep suspicion.
His capacity for ruthlessness would soon become clear.
First Lady: Grace Mugabe, 52, pictured with her husband, has been seen as being a successor to her husband after her opponent was fired
In 1983 his forces began a brutal campaign of repression against the Ndebele people of Matabeleland, in western Zimbabwe, who constituted the main support for Zanu's liberation struggle rival, Zapu.
This exercise in ethnic cleansing, known as the Gukurahundi, is the darkest episode in Zimbabwe's post-independence history, involving as many as 20,000 civilian deaths. Mugabe justified this slaughter on grounds that the Ndebele required ‘re-education'.
Mugabe's campaign against Zimbabwe's white population was far less bloody but no less vindictive. From 1999, the regime initiated a programme to transfer 4,000 white-owned farms to black owners, mainly supposed veterans of the liberation struggle.
Driven out by beatings and intimidation, farming families joined an exodus that saw the white population fall from 296,000 in 1975 to 29,000 now. Zimbabwe's once-thriving agricultural sector collapsed, particularly its profitable tobacco-growing industry.
As Mugabe aged, he began to suffer the classic symptoms of the dictator. A refusal to acknowledge the true conditions of his people was combined with increasingly lavish expenditure on family events and political rallies.
Mugabe's marriage to Grace in 1996, dubbed the ‘Wedding of the Century' in Zimbabwe, was an extravagant Catholic affair. And each decade of the old dictator's life was marked with ever more expensive partying — his 90th year being marked by a celebration costing £600,000.
Equally extravagant were the president's foreign jaunts. Despite an EU travel ban, Mugabe continued to criss-cross the world, tailed by a retinue of between 20 and 30 people. Standard allowance for each of them: £1,500 per day.
Grace, who shares her husband's humble beginnings, was also doing her bit to transfer Zimbabwe's slender national wealth abroad.
During one bout of retail therapy in Paris in 2002, the First Lady — known in her homeland as the First Shopper — spent more than £120,000 in department stores. And by 2014 her spending on luxury goods was running at £2 million a year. That year's shopping list included 12 diamond rings, 62 pairs of Ferragamo shoes, 33 pairs made by Gucci and an £80,000 Rolex watch.
After one trip to London, where she stayed in a suite at Claridge's, Mrs Mugabe was asked how she could justify spending so much on designer shoes.
Grace, who shares her husband's humble beginnings, was also doing her bit to transfer Zimbabwe's slender national wealth abroad
‘I have very narrow feet, so I can only wear Ferragamo,' came the tear-jerking reply.
The Mugabes were banned from Europe in 2002, depriving Grace of favourite haunts such as Harrods, but she continued to spend in China and the Middle East.
A diamond ring purchased to celebrate her 20th wedding anniversary cost her £900,000, although she later sued the dealer in question for failure to deliver.
In a further act of retaliation, the First Lady threatened to seize the businessman's properties in Zimbabwe — hardly a new tactic for a woman who has managed to ‘purchase' no fewer than five dairy farms with funds that simply appeared out of nowhere.
The Mugabe offspring have acquired their parents' taste for the good things in life.
In September, Grace's son by her first marriage, Russell Goreraza, took delivery of not one but two Rolls-Royce limousines.
The 33-year-old playboy is something of a ‘petrolhead', owning a fleet of expensive cars that he uses to drive around his bankrupt country.
The Mugabes' youngest son, Chatunga, is similarly extravagant.
He posted a video on Snapchat showing himself pouring champagne (Armand de Brignac Ace of Spades, price £200 a bottle) over a £45,000 watch on a night out in South Africa. He bragged that he owned the timepiece because ‘daddy runs the whole country'.
Soldiers and an armoured vehicle are pictured on patrol on a street in Harare, Zimbabwe today. The Zimbabwean military appeared to have taken control of state institutions, saying that it was 'targeting criminals' in the government
And of course no expense was spared when Mugabe's only daughter, Bona, married in 2014.
It is estimated that some £3 million was spent on the ceremony, including £500,000 to upgrade the road leading to the venue, a country club. Some 4,000 guests attended.
But do not criticise Mrs Mugabe's children, to her face at least.
Grace has a fearsome temper, exhibited in Hong Kong in 2009 when she ordered her bodyguard to punch a photographer outside a luxury hotel.
Mrs Mugabe then joined in hitting the hapless journalist in the face with her diamond ring-encrusted fist.
She ‘lost it' again in August this year, when she assaulted a 20-year-old model called Gabriella Engels with an extension lead in a hotel in Johannesburg.
Only diplomatic immunity, hastily granted by the South African authorities, prevented her being arrested.
But where does the money come from?
One answer is diamonds. Like other members of the ruling clique in Zimbabwe, the Mugabes take their share of proceeds from the Marange diamond fields near the Mozambique border.
The mining operation there is run in co-operation with the Chinese and heavily guarded.
But the estimated £800 billion worth of stones in Marange have so far failed to benefit ordinary Zimbabweans.
If Grace had kept to shoe shopping she might still be enjoying her life as First Lady.
But political ambition got the better of her.
In a bid to succeed her gerontocrat of a husband, in recent years she began selling herself as a political candidate and his rightful heir, angering the political and military establishment, who regarded the succession as their preserve.
‘They say I want to be president. Why not? Am I not a Zimbabwean?' she told a rally of her supporters.
But she remained deeply unpopular with the population at large.
Her husband's removal of his likely successor, Emmerson ‘the Crocodile' Mnangagwa, apparently in favour of his wife, this month was the prompt for military intervention.
In taking on Mnangagwa, a veteran of the liberation struggle and former spy with close ties to the military and intelligence services, Grace was out of her depth, perhaps for the first time in her life.
The price could be a life in exile. Last night it was claimed she had fled to Namibia.
For years, Mrs Mugabe insisted her husband would never cease to be leader of Zimbabwe.
‘We are going to create a special wheelchair for President Mugabe until he rules to 100 years, because that's what we want,' she joked. ‘If God decides to take him, then we would rather field him as a corpse.'
But the age of Mugabe is now over, much to the relief of those who have suffered under him.
The question is, will what comes next be any better?
“Rondalf, The White” -- a mix of Rep. Ron Paul and “Lord of the Rings”wizard Gandalf as rendered by Aaron Gilje
The Paulite revolution may have flickered away with its overlord, Ron Paul, giving his farewell speech to congress on Nov. 14.
With his frail head cast to flipping pages, the great white wizard addressed the Congress in defeat.
He thanked his subjects, commemorating them for their heroic dedication to glorious causes such as the eradication of the national debt and the failed drug policy; all the while weaving the word “liberty” into his speech a whopping 44 times.
Wielding his constitutionally abiding wand, Paul used his terms in the House to flick away blasphemous unconstitutional bills proposed by both his opponents and conservative allies, probably bellowing “You shall not pass.”
So, here ends the 23-year reign that the white wizard used to battle big-government tyranny and promote “liberty” within these American borders.
So who was he? It depends on who you ask.
He was different to all of us, taking different forms.
A magically-inclined sorcerer, an orthodox constitutionalist, a libertarian freedom fighter, a possible racist, an ultra-conservative flag bearer of recreational drug use, the benevolent Dr. No, an idealist in a froth of political greed, a shape shifter perhaps, figures, his wizardry probably reached back eons, or decades or something.
However you describe Ron Paul he certainly left his mark in American politics.
Paul is succeeded by his ragtag band of die-hard, drink-the-punch, kind of followers called Paulites. Paulites are made up of young upper class, tech savvy college kids, conspiracy theorists, tea partiers, and even other, darker wizards like David Duke, former Klu Klux Klan Grand Wizard, who endorsed Paul for president.
Paulites across the lands lamented over the resignation. His fanatic followers across the country removed their tin-foil hats, tuned into C-Span for his surrender and wept.
They contemplated which courses of action would be most appropriate: constructing back-yard bomb shelters, or stashing their depreciating currency in loose floorboards, where inflation can't get to it.
Although the grand wizard will leave us, his haunting spirit and white magic, will reside in the spirit of his stead-fast supporters, and just know, Paulites, he is still with you. So you don't need to secede – ahem, Texas – there is still hope.
Paul is with you.
Next time you lift your lips to that rolled “cigarette,” know that Ron Paul is with you.
When you drink PBR and fire off your developing-nation-sized-munitions-arsenal off into a thick tree in the woods with your friends spitting chaw spit at the ground, Ron Paul is with you.
When you look at your paycheck, and raise your fists in vexation because of the outrageous tax rates that fund abortion factories and illegal immigrant welfare, Ron Paul is with you.
When your sons and daughters enlist in an armed service to go fight in another war half-way across the world that America has no business being in, Ron Paul is with you.
When you find an FBI wire behind the lamp in your bedroom next to your copy of the anarchist's cookbook, Ron Paul is with you.
When you snag your ballot and let your pen pass the Republican and Democrat candidates and instead let it glide to the third party potentials, Ron Paul is with you.
Being a former Paulite, turned lazy Democrat, I understand the plight of the Paulites. They're cornered into a political landscape that offers two choices, neither of which represents their interests. Then Paul comes along and offers them mystical policies with grand sweeping reform.
Yes I was once one of them. But I have broken from the sorcerers persuading spell.
His policies were too good to be true, like the withdrawal of American forces around the globe, thereby virtually unclenching America's decades old grasp on the international community's testes.
Those policies, that I once vehemently defended, seem more like bedtime fairy tales – befitting for a wizard – rather than viable campaign objectives.
I've come to find that much of Paul's stances regard oversimplified answers to incredibly complex issues. Yet still the Wizard's absolute adherence to his principles demands great respect.
And so a concoction of nostalgia and admiration leads me to harbor great remorse for the wizard's passing. As I watched his farewell, a trickle of sorrow coursed through my liberal veins.
Just for a moment, I was hollow.
Goodbye sweet wizard; goodbye my friend. You have been the one for me.
Farewell Ron Paul.
ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. - The father of a Central Florida teenager is outraged after learning that no charges will be filed in the fatal shooting of his 13-year-old son.
Investigators said Lavardo Fisher Jr. died in February after he was shot by his 18-year-old cousin who was riding a hoverboard and playing with a gun.
The state attorney's office determined that the shooting was an accident.
Lavardo's father, however, said some accidents, especially those that end in death, should have consequences.
Lavardo Fisher Sr. told News 6 that he has tried to hold it together for six months, but he broke down when talking to News 6 about his son's death.
"We used to play games together, watch movies together," he said. "I have a PlayStation 4, and I haven't turned it on. It's just so unfair."
Fisher said he has been waiting to start his healing process until he found justice for his son.
"I just feel like I'm left in the dark, like I don't matter," he said.
Officials said Brandon Lewis was playing on a hoverboard with a gun that he didn't know was loaded when it went off.
"If I had touched my child, first of all, I would have been in jail, but an 18-year-old man shot my son and he gets to walk free," Fisher said.
Fisher said he wants Lewis to learn from his mistake.
"It's not like I want him to rot in prison," he said. "I don't want him to die in prison, I just feel like he should be punished. That is what I honestly think."
Fisher said he pays for Lewis' mistake every day. He has sought counseling, and is leaving the city, saying that he doesn't want to live in Orlando without his son.
"I always told him that if anybody does anything to hurt him, I would raise hell," he said. "(I) never want to physically hurt anybody, but I certainly want to do everything in my power to make sure that he's protected. It just hurts me to know that he was with people that should have protected him."
Fisher said he plans to pursue other legal options.
Copyright 2016 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 13, 2017, 7:11 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 13, 2017, 7:11 PM GMT By Lucy Bayly
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates by one-quarter of a point on Wednesday, in a widely expected move that signifies the central bank's confidence that the economy is continuing to strengthen.
The Fed set its benchmark borrowing rate at 1.25 percent to 1.5 percent at the conclusion of its two-day December policymaking meeting, and projected three more hikes in 2018.
Wednesday's decision was not unanimous, however, with a dissenting vote from two Fed presidents: Chicago's Charles Evans and Neel Kashkari of Minneapolis.
Federal Reserve Board chair Janet Yellen testifies before Congress on November 17, 2016.
It's the third rate hike this year, and part of a slow but steady strategy to ensure the economy does not overheat.
For almost a decade after the financial crisis, the Fed held off introducing any rate hikes at all, making money easy to borrow while the economy got back on its feet. Now, with unemployment at its lowest level in 17 years and consumer spending on the rise, the Fed is signaling that it is ready to remove the scaffolding supporting the nation's economic recovery.
The Fed rate affects the cost of borrowing for everything from savings to credit cards to adjustable rate mortgages.
"The third rate hike of the year and fifth in the past two years means that consumers with credit card debt and home equity lines of credit will be welcomed into 2018 with higher interest rates," said Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.
Today's meeting was the penultimate one for outgoing Fed Chair Janet Yellen, who is set to be succeeded by current Fed Governor Jerome “Jay” Powell.
A Republican and former hedge fund executive, Powell was approved by the Senate Banking Committee last month by a 22-1 vote, and is expected to receive full confirmation by the Senate before Yellen's term ends on Feb. 3.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Elizabeth Warren said Friday that the Labor Department should press ahead with brokerage industry reforms, and not be deterred by the Securities and Exchange Commission's plans to adopt its own separate rules.
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) speaks at the Credit Union National Association Governmental Affairs Conference in Washington March 11, 2015. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
President Barack Obama, with frequent Wall Street critic Warren at his side, last month called on the Labor Department to quickly move forward to tighten brokerage standards on retirement advice, lending new momentum to a long-running effort to implement reforms aimed at reducing conflicts of interest and “hidden fees.”
But that effort could be complicated by a parallel track of reforms by the SEC, whose Chair Mary Jo White on Tuesday said she supported moving ahead with a similar effort to hold retail brokers to a higher “fiduciary” standard.
“I want to see the Department of Labor go forward now,” Warren told Reuters in an interview Friday.
“There is no reason to wait for the SEC. There is no question that the Department of Labor has the authority to act to ensure that retirement advisers are serving the best interest of their clients.”
Warren said that while she has no concerns with the SEC moving forward to write its own rules, she fears its involvement may give Wall Street a hook to try to delay or water down a separate ongoing Labor Department effort to craft tough new rules governing how brokers dole out retirement advice.
She also raised questions about White's decision to unveil her position at a conference hosted by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), a trade group representing the interests of securities brokerage firms.
Not only is the SEC the lead regulator for brokers, but unlike the Labor Department, it is also bound by law to preserve brokers' commission-based compensation in any new fiduciary rule.
“I was surprised that (Chair) White announced the rule at a conference hosted by an industry trade group that spent several years and millions of dollars lobbying members of Congress to block real action to fix the problem,” Warren said.
Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat who frequently challenges market regulators as too cozy with industry, stopped short of directly criticizing White.
The SEC and SIFMA both declined to comment on Warren's comments.
SIFMA has strongly opposed the Labor Department's efforts, fearing its rule will contain draconian measures that would cut broker profits, and in turn, force brokers to pull back from offering accounts and advice to American retirees. It has long advocated for the SEC to take the lead on a rule that would create a new uniform standard of care for brokers and advisers.
The SEC has said it has been coordinating with the Labor Department on the rule-writing effort, but on Tuesday White also acknowledged that the two can still act independently of one another because they operate under different laws.
The industry and reform advocates have been waiting now for years to see whether the SEC would move to tighten standards.
Warren expressed some skepticism on Friday about whether the SEC will ever in fact actually adopt a rule, saying that for years the agency has talked about taking action, but has not delivered.
Russia, Iran and Turkey have agreed to be guarantors of a six-month cease-fire in four Syrian regions — Idlib and parts of its neighboring provinces, Eastern Ghouta, northern Homs, and areas around Daraa and al-Quneitra provinces — to de-escalate violence, facilitate humanitarian access and improve the conditions for a political settlement.
UN Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura praised the agreement as a “promising and positive step in the right direction.”
With the Astana agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin has again changed the conversation on Syria, making clear to Washington that the road to both a political settlement and the defeat of the Islamic State and al-Qaeda passes through Moscow.
Just last month US-Russia collaboration on Syria, which US President Donald Trump had proposed during the US presidential campaign, seemed on life support. There had been an international outcry over allegations that the Syrian government has used chemical weapons against civilians in the town of Khan Sheikhoun, killing over 90. The US intelligence community had assessed with a “very high level of confidence” that Syrian forces had used chemical weapons against the town in Idlib province April 2, and responded with a missile attack on a Syrian air base. The Russian government rejected US accusations of Syrian blame, condemned the US missile attack and stepped back from the US-Russia conflict-avoidance arrangements in Syria.
But Putin seized on an ill-defined American plan for “safe zones” in Syria to put US-Russia partnership back in play. A White House statement noted that Trump and Putin discussed “safe, or de-escalation, zones to achieve lasting peace for humanitarian and many other reasons,” in a telephone call May 2. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov linked the de-escalation zones in the Astana agreement to earlier US proposals for “safe zones” to reduce violence in Syria, telling MIR TV on May 6, “It is not by chance that the United States welcomed the results of the meeting in Astana, specifically an agreement on setting up de-escalation zones.” The same day, US Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford and the Russian chief of the General Staff of the armed forces, Gen. Valery Gerasimov, affirmed their commitment to conflict-avoidance operations in Syria.
Although the State Department made clear that the United States was not a party to the agreement, despite the presence of Acting Assistant Secretary of State Stuart Jones at the Astana talks, and that Washington has concerns about the role of Iran as a “guarantor” of the agreement, the United States nonetheless encouraged Syrian opposition groups to participate in the talks and declared that “the opposition must also live up to its commitments, with Turkey as the guarantor, to separate from designated terrorist groups, including Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham, which continue to hijack the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people for a representative and accountable government.”
Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham is a coalition of radical Salafi groups led by Jabhat Fatah al-Sham, Syria's al-Qaeda affiliate.
Because military operations against IS and al-Qaeda and its affiliates continue, the Astana agreement reopens the possibility of deepening US-Russian coordination beyond conflict avoidance, especially as the United States readies an offensive against IS in Raqqa. The deal calls on parties to “take all necessary measures to continue the fight against [IS], Jabhat al-Nusra and all other individuals, groups, undertakings and entities associated with al-Qaeda or [IS] as indicated by the UN Security Council within and outside the de-escalation areas.” On May 5, Gen. Sergei Rudskoy, the chief of the Russian Defense Ministry's Main Operational Directorate, stressed that the memorandum of understanding "does not stop fighting against terrorists of [IS] and Jabhat al-Nusra in Syria. State guarantors undertake to continue fighting against formations of these and other terrorist organizations in the de-escalation zones as well as provide assistance to the government troops and armed opposition in fighting insurgents in other areas of Syria. After establishing the de-escalation zones, the government troops will be sent to continue offensive on the [IS] formations in the central and eastern parts of Syria as well as to liberate areas located along the River Euphrates.”
Four weeks ago, this column predicted that Russia might consider “reinforced military deployments or even a Russian no-fly zone” following the US attack on the Shayrat air base.
The inclusion of Turkey in the deal suggests that Washington may require Moscow's good offices to manage Turkey's role in Syria. Last week, we wrote that following Turkey's airstrikes against the Syrian People's Protection Units (YPG) in northern Syria, the United States is “out on a limb as Turkey, a NATO ally, is almost daring the United States to continue its reliance on the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), whose most effective fighters are drawn primarily from the YPG, in the long-anticipated military campaign to expel IS from Raqqa.”
Maxim Suchkov writes, “As Moscow has sought a reliable way to move the Syrian conflict from the battlefield into the political realm (the conflict has gradually claimed more Russian lives and drained more resources) the idea of safe zones became worth exploring. The concept only had to be recalibrated to meet at least three objectives: to not impede Russia's own military actions on the ground; to be packaged as Russia's own political achievement domestically; and to be presented as a genuine international effort co-mediated by Turkey and Iran to get them on board. Besides, such a move would also be helpful to show Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the Iranians that Moscow is not “selling them out to Americans” as they fear. At the same time there is an understanding that without Washington, implementing the initiative would be more difficult. Hence, Russia's Defense Ministry said it is willing to resume discussions with the United States — which Russia halted after the strikes on the Shayrat air base — on a flight safety memorandum designed to prevent midair collisions.
"For now, the Russian Defense Ministry says safe zones will be a key tool in securing these immediate goals:
To divide moderate opposition forces from the Islamic State (IS) and Jabhat Fatah al-Sham
To more freely deliver humanitarian aid to population in the de-escalation areas
To restore infrastructure and water facilities in the zones so refugees can return."
Suchkov adds, “Most importantly, the memorandum is seen as a key step to stop the fighting in Syria. … Operationally, Russians believe that the safe zone initiative will untie the Syrian government's hands and help Assad direct forces to liberate central and eastern parts of Syria from IS, including territories along the Euphrates River and east of Palmyra. All that would help with preparing a large-scale offensive on IS-held Deir ez-Zor. The Russian military makes it clear it will support those efforts with its airstrikes.”
In this Feb. 14, 2001, file photo, "Dear Abby" advice columnist Pauline Friedman Phillips, known to millions of readers as Abigail van Buren, signs autographs for some of the dozens of fans after the dedication of a "Dear Abby" star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles. (Reed Saxon/AP)
Era over. What a strange institution it is, the advice column; it's part of the cultural air we breathe, but only because of Pauline Phillips, who died yesterday at 94, and her sister Eppie Lederer. Dear Abby and Ann Landers to most of us, of course.
As a writer who gives advice now, I get to see all the unanswerable questions that pop into my inbox day and night, week after week, year after year. Unanswerable to some extent due to my limitations, which are legion, and also due to the limits of the human experience, where we can never fully know another's heart. Often, it's a twisted mystery just knowing our own.
And as someone who has appeared publicly in need of advice herself — as both Pauline Phillips and Eppie Lederer did at well-publicized times, especially given their rivalry — I can say it's also a state of being in which your private and professional lives are so entwined that the meaningful distinctions might exist in our imaginations alone. The lives we lead and witness end up in columns, and columns affect our lives, and if any of it goes awry, we end up in someone else's column.
And so a life of advice is to walk the finest of lines, between knowing and guessing; entertainment and empathy; compassion and criticism; between trying to help and presuming to; between being a public resource and a punch line.
About that rivalry. Phillips and Lederer lived this already-weird life with the added weirdness of being the Friedman Twins: identical, double-wedding-and-double-honeymooned, then transformed into fierce competitors as Phillips, the younger by minutes, pulled a classic little-sister move and launched her own column after practicing on Lederer's.
She is said to have responded to 70 letters in two hours when she tried out for the new gig. That slim anecdote encompasses what made Phillips so huge — quick, smart and breezy — and why advice columns evolved away from the bite-size buck-ups the sisters brought to virtually every kitchen table in America for decades, a feat unthinkable now. Nearly 50 years' worth of 10-year-olds used one or both of these columns to decode the cryptic world of adults.
“Ann” and “Abby” didn't provide the first public forum for the lovelorn but, in combination, they made advice into a central tenet of pop culture — one their heirs try to, variously, live up to, live down and live by to this day.
Portions of this essay are adapted from a May 7, 2012, benefit performance at Theater J. Read Carolyn Hax's columns at washingtonpost
.com/lifestyle.
A coming episode of the acclaimed FX drama “Rescue Me” will tackle what may sound like a far-fetched plot line: that the attacks of Sept. 11 were an “inside job.” The actor who espouses the theories on camera, it turns out, also subscribes to them in real life.
Claims that Al Qaeda terrorists were not solely responsible for the attacks have a lively following on the Internet, including on YouTube, but the second episode of “Rescue Me's” fifth season, starting in April, may represent the first fictional presentation of 9/11 conspiracy theories by a mainstream media company (FX is operated by the News Corporation).
“They're not discussed a lot in the press,” Daniel Sunjata, the actor who plays Franco Rivera on “Rescue Me,” told reporters at a television press tour last month. He predicted that the episode would be “socio-politically provocative.”
In the episode, Mr. Sunjata's character delivers a two-minute monologue for a French journalist describing a “neoconservative government effort” to control the world's oil, drastically increase military spending and “change the definition of pre-emptive attack.” To put it into action, he continues, “what you need is a new Pearl Harbor. That's what they said they needed.”
Photo
Mr. Sunjata surprised some of the TV reporters when he said that he “absolutely, 100 percent” supports the assertion that “9/11 was an inside job.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The alternative theories “seem to me to make a lot more sense than the ones that are popularly espoused,” he said, calling it admirable that the conversation was allowed within “Rescue Me.”
Former NHLer Michael Nylander joined the Ontario Hockey League's Mississauga Steelheads as an assistant coach on Sunday.
The Steelheads announced the move on their Twitter account prior to a pre-season matchup against the Kitchener Rangers.
Nylander spent 15 seasons in the NHL with the Hartford Whalers, Calgary Flames, Tampa Bay Lightning, Chicago Blackhawks, Washington Capitals, Boston Bruins and New York Rangers. In 920 career games, the 42-year-old scored 209 goals and 679 points.
The hiring comes a day after Mississauga received a commitment from Nylander's son Alexander to join the team. Alexander was the team's first round pick at the 2015 CHL import draft.
Alexander's brother William was the eighth overall pick of the Toronto Maple Leafs at the 2014 NHL draft. William joined the Maple Leafs organization in January and spent the rest of this past season with their AHL affiliate, the Marlies.
New Delhi: In a move that will not click with selfie enthusiasts, the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), under a new policy, has banned the use of selfie sticks at its 46 site museums across the country.
“Selfie sticks are strictly not permitted in the museum premises," states the photography/ filming policy for the archaeological site museums of the Archaeological Survey of India. So, visitors to archaeological site museums like Taj Museum in Agra, the Indian War Memorial Museum in Delhi, Archaeological Museums in Konarak, Hampi and others across the country, have to tuck away their sticks in their bags if they want a glimpse of the artifacts on display.
Site museums are museums where the ASI keeps the small and movable antiquities, recovered from the ancient sites, in close association with the remains to which they belong. Such museums often close to the excavation site displays objects retrieved during site excavations, found during explorations, during scientific clearances and during conservation of monuments. These objects generate a lot of academic and commercial interest because of their historical or archaeological significance to the site.
People familiar with the matter in ASI say that the decision to exclude selfie sticks was taken to ensure security of the artefacts as there have been instances of the sticks getting too close to them. “Times are changing and at every site there are people with mobile phones and taking pictures freely. There are people even shooting inside the monuments, so a decision was taken by the ASI to put in place some restrictions," said Dr K. Lourdusamy, director, ASI.
However, it is not just the selfie stick that has raised concerns among officials but also heavy equipment and accessories used for photography. The policy has also said that while photography is open to public in all the museums free of cost, but the catch is that they cannot use tripods, monopods or flash-lights.
In fact, visitors can only use existing museum lighting for their pictures. Visitors wanting to use multiple lenses, tripod monopods or carry large photography bags have to get prior permission provided they use them for academic purposes. This permission has to be with 15 days before the scheduled arrival of the person at the site.
R.K. Mishra, additional director general of National Museum, Delhi, an autonomous body under the ministry of culture said that the museum was yet to face any problems due to the selfie sticks, but conceded that “we might have to think about it (selfie sticks) and bring in a policy if required, but so far, there is no need".
Former culture secretary Jawhar Sircar seemed to be completely opposed to the idea. “I am of the opinion that technology cannot be stopped. ASI officials should understand that only opening a shop doesn't help, they should learn to smile at customers too. ASI is a custodian of Indian culture, not its owners and they should have an open spirit," Sircar said.
And that means more young voters, more voters of lower income brackets and more Latinos.
"Young, poor, and brown are three characteristics that Republicans have never done well with," said Madrid.
It's the Republican presidential slugfest, one where immigration issues have become a flashpoint, that's getting all the attention. Donald Trump, the brash billionaire, has led the charge by calling for mass deportations of millions of undocumented immigrants -- a campaign promise at least one GOP candidate in California sees as tantamount to an electoral annihilation.
"It kills us," Assemblyman Rocky Chávez, R-Oceanside, told reporters at the state party convention. The first-term legislator is one of several Republicans who plan to run for the state's open U.S. Senate seat in 2016.
"I've been very active in saying that man [Trump] does not have the character, or the leadership, to be at the top of the ticket," said Chávez in an interview.
The saga of Latino voters and the state GOP has played out so many times over the years that it's hard to keep count. From the flashpoint days of 1994 onward, party loyalists have wrestled with how to reach out to the state's fastest-growing demographic. And this weekend, yet another fight is looming over the state party platform and language designed to reshape the official position on illegal immigration.
But a number of Republicans interviewed at the weekend state convention said they hope all candidates, on the national level and here in California, focus on what voters really care about -- namely, pocketbook issues.
"I care about jobs and the economy," said Shaz Umer, a Republican from Orange County. "Those are the issues that are most important to myself and to, I think, this country."
Others at the convention suggested the national campaign is, at worst, a distraction from the real rebuilding work for Republicans in California: winning over voters where they live.
"We're making inroads at the local level," said Pat Bush, president of the Orange County Federation of Republican Women. "You have to start locally and build up."
Because most local offices in the state are technically nonpartisan, and thus feature candidates running without a party affiliation beside their name, strategist Madrid said it's a playing field where issues are more important than ideology, and Republicans winners outnumber Democrats.
"When you take out the social issues and the [party] brand," said Madrid, "Republicans win on things like government accountability, government transparency, law enforcement."
Derby County Football Club is saddened to announce that Paul Clement will leave his post with immediate effect.
The Head Coach, who joined the club in June last year, has been relieved of his duties and is replaced by Academy Director and former Rams defender Darren Wassall until the end of the season.
Chairman Mel Morris said: “We are grateful for the contribution Paul has made to the football club but the time is right to make a change.
“When Paul joined us last year we worked with him to develop a plan for the club which we asked him to embrace.
“It was clear in this plan, which was briefed to supporters, players, sponsors and all our stakeholders last summer that promotion this season was not the primary target. The priorities were building on the Derby way and style of football enjoyed in the past two seasons; adding depth and strength to our playing squad; and, developing and improving player and team performance.
“Sadly, on these measurements, we have not made enough progress and that is why we have decided to part company with Paul.
“I firmly believe that we have one of the very best first team squads in this league. Our players are highly talented professionals who are more than capable of winning games at this level and beyond.
“I want to record our thanks to Paul for his efforts in leading the team through the first 30 games of this season and in achieving a top six position at this point. We wish him every success in his future career.”
Chief Executive Sam Rush, confirmed that Wassall, 47, will take training tomorrow in his new role.
He said: “We are in the fortunate position to have somebody as capable as Darren at our football club and he will be leading the coaching staff with immediate effect.
“Our focus is to get the team back on track, delivering the style of football and performance we know they are capable of. I know our fans will give Darren, the coaching staff and the team their full support.”
Tweets by @ dcfcofficial
Do you know his ultimate end game? Or are you in the dark, too?
For the last couple of seasons we have been in the dark — we don't have books to consult anymore. I guess if you really wanted to hound the writers for your end game, they might indulge you. But I personally don't like to know. I think if you know it, you play it, and you might do something obvious.
In the beginning Littlefinger was more inscrutable but he's since become a more transparently villainous character. Which was more fun to play?
Even with the obvious villainy, you're always trying to at least make it likable and for there to be some fun to it. Sometimes it's just a matter of screen time. If you still have a lot of stories to tell in a certain amount of episodes, sometimes you've got to get straight to plot detail. It might seem a bit more black-and-white or, in my case, villainous. There's so much story going on at the moment. You're living in the shadow of dragons.
The show has gotten much faster, narratively.
There's a lot of story still to tell. But a lot of this is what people have been waiting to see happen, and alliances people have been hoping for for so long. No matter how you pace it, it's probably going to seem like it's happening pretty fast. But the audience has to always feel they're privy to intimate moments. There was a beautiful moment in last night's episode with Daenerys and Jon Snow — it's great to see her show that vulnerability again. Despite the breakneck pace of development, it's important for the makers to take their time with those moments.
The ill-will people wish for your character, on social media, is pretty profound —
Is it? I don't look at that stuff. What are they calling for, specifically?
They want Arya to wear your face some day, for example.
O.K. [Laughs.] I may wear her face.
Who do you think poses the biggest threat to him?
Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald has been criticized for continuing to give out bonuses at the troubled agency (Photo11: Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP)
WASHINGTON —Despite the controversies still swirling around the Department of Veterans Affairs, nearly 189,000 employees received more than $177 million in bonuses for fiscal 2015, according to data obtained by USA TODAY.
More than 300 senior executives of the troubled agency received $3.3 million in bonuses, for an average payment of about $10,000 each. The non-executives received about $900 on average.
Among those receiving bonuses was the former top VA official in Ohio who retired the same day he received a notice he was going to be fired. Another was the former chief of staff at the Phoenix VA Medical Center who received a bonus four months before he was fired.
More than half the agency's employees received a bonus, again raising concerns about the performance review process used to evaluate workers. Plus, the number of employees receiving bonuses jumped by more than 20 percent from 2014 and the total amount paid out increased by 24 percent.
“Whether it's shuffling problem employees from one location to another instead of disciplining them or repeatedly paying out bonuses with reckless abandon, VA's habit of coddling those who can't or won't do their jobs is as well documented as it is disgraceful,” said Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla., chairman of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee.
He said the fact that the bonuses have continued throughout a period of major scandals, including one involving veterans facing long waits to receive treatment, shows that the agency “cannot be trusted to fix this problem on its own.”
"VA is in the midst of a massive transformation effort to improve Veterans' experiences with VA care and services," said agency spokesman Randal Noller. "Performance management systems and performance-related awards afford leaders an effective means of recognizing superior employees, rewarding strong customer service, and building an exceptionally effective and successful workforce. Employee rewards and recognition not only build employee engagement and morale, but also motivate stronger performance and better service for veterans".
Among those receiving bonuses were:
• Dr. Darren Deering, who was fired as chief of staff of the Phoenix VA Health Care System in June 2016 for what the VA said was "negligent performance of duties and failure to provide effective oversight." Deering was paid a $5,000 bonus in February 2016.
• Jack Hetrick, formerly the top Veterans Affairs official in Ohio, who retired after receiving a notice of pending removal in February 2016. He had received a $12,705 bonus on Jan. 10. An investigation by a Cincinnati TV station gathered evidence that Barbara Temeck, acting chief of staff at the Cincinnati VA Medical Center, was prescribing medication to Hetrick's wife without a proper license. Also, employees claimed to the TV station that cost-cutting measures hurt quality of care. Hetrick was suspended during the probe of oversight of the Cincinnati VA. The VA said its review did not substantiate impropriety related to quality of care. It did find misconduct in Temeck providing prescriptions and other medical care to members of Hetrick's family. Temeck was paid a $5,000 bonus in January 2016
• Stella S. Fiotes has been executive director of VA's Office of Construction and Facilities Management since January 2013. She is responsible for planning, design and construction of major construction projects – those more than $10 million. This includes the replacement VA facility in Denver that was hundreds of millions of dollars over budget. In September, a bipartisan group of lawmakers asked the Justice Department to investigate whether Fiotes and other VA executives lied to conceal the massive cost overruns. She received a bonus of $9,120 in January 2016. She received a bonus of $8,985 in January 2015.
Miller called on the Senate to pass legislation approved by the House in September which would ban bonuses for VA executives for five years and would give the VA secretary the authority to recoup bonuses already rewarded. A similar Senate bill has been introduced by Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla.
Caps on the total amount the VA could give out for bonuses over the next eight years were inserted into unrelated legislation signed into law this summer. The law states that limits should not disproportionately effect lower-wage employees.
Data compiled by the Government Accountability Office shows that 99.7 percent of non-executive VA employees received a rating of at least “fully successful” in the evaluations or their work in 2013.
The five-level scale includes: “Unacceptable,” “Minimally Successfully, “Fully Successful,” , “Exceeds Fully Successful” and “Outstanding.”
About 70 percent of VA employees were rated outstanding or excellent.
Also in 2013, all 470 senior executives at the VA were scored as fully successful or higher, according to testimony at a 2014 House Veterans Affairs Committee hearing. Seventy-eight percent were in the top two categories. In fact, going back four years, no executive had been scored in the lower two categories.
At that hearing, Miller described referred to an “outlandish bonus culture” at the VA.
“Instead of using bonuses as an award for outstanding work on behalf of our veterans, cash awards are seen as an entitlement and have become irrelevant to quality work product,” Miller said then.
J. David Cox Sr., president of the American Federation of Government Employees, which represents the non-executive VA employees, said “bonuses for frontline health care providers and other rank-and-file employees are vital for retaining employees who might otherwise leave due to uncompetitive salaries."
He said the VA has been “disproportionately reducing bonuses paid out to low-wage workers” — in defiance of lawmakers' wishes.
“Neglecting to reward or recognize the modestly paid workers who do the necessary work of caring for veterans in order to finance big bonuses for top executives is wrong. Every worker deserves recognition for a job well done, not just the highest paid bosses," Cox said.
VA spokesman Noller said the "preponderance of awards is given to front-line workers at facilities across the country, in every congressional district, who have the closest interactions with veterans." He said nearly 97 percent of all A performance awards go to employees working in the field. Nurses, with an average award of $952, received the largest percentage of the total awards,
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eEaO5V
Does glass ever stop flowing? Researchers at the University of Bristol and Kyoto University have combined computer simulation and information theory, originally invented for telephone communication and cryptography, to answer this puzzling question.
Watching a glass blower at work we can clearly see the liquid nature of hot glass. Once the glass has cooled down to room temperature though, it has become solid and we can pour wine in it or make window panes out of it.
On a microscopic scale, solidification means that molecules have settled into a crystalline structure. And yet, when looked at under the microscope, it appears glass never settles down but keeps flowing, albeit extremely slowly -- so slowly, in fact, that it would take over 10 million years for a window pane to flow perceptibly.
This puzzle of a material which seems solid to any observer while appearing fluid under the microscope is an old one. And even with the help of today's supercomputers it seems impossible to verify in simulations whether a glass ever stops flowing.
To answer the question of what happens at very low temperature, and whether the whole material becomes truly solid, researchers in Bristol's Schools of Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics led by Dr Paddy Royall and Dr Karoline Wiesner, teamed up with Professor Ryoichi Yamamoto of Kyoto University.
The researchers discovered that the size of the solid-like regions of the material increases over time and that atoms in the solid-like regions organize into geometrical shapes, such as icosahedra. Such icosahedral configurations were predicted in 1952 by Sir Charles Frank at the University of Bristol's HH Wills Physics Laboratory.
Dr Karoline Wiesner said: "Information theory provided us with the mathematical tools to detect and quantify the movements of atoms, which turned out to move as if they were in communication with each other."
Dr Paddy Royall added: "We found that the size of the solid regions of icosahedra would grow until eventually there would be no more liquid regions and so the glass should be a true solid."
This is the touching moment a bridegroom asked his step-daughter to be his child for life as he gave her a ring to seal the vow at his wedding to her mother in Brazil.
Kneeling down to the little girl's height, Diogo Bolant, 37, surprised six-year-old Isadora with the amazing question.
'I want to ask you something,' he said during the cute gesture in front of the altar and their guests at the wedding in Sao Bernardo do Campo, São Paulo, last Saturday.
Kneeling down to the little girl's height, Diogo Bolant, 37, surprised six-year-old Isadora by asking, 'Do you agree to be my daughter forever?'
'Do you agree to be my daughter forever?' he asked Isadora.
The child, who was the maid of honour for her 27-year-old mum Nicole de Souza, did not hesitate as she answered 'yes'.
Bursting into tears, Isadora sobbed uncontrollably as her new step-dad took a ring out of a box and slipped it onto her finger.
The pastor, giving his blessing to the vow, said: 'So seals the alliance.'
Overcome with emotion, Isadora at first buried her head into her mum's wedding dress.
Then, realising how special the moment is, she fell into her new dad's arms, hugging him as she cries on his shoulder.
He kissed her gently on the cheek as her mum held her tearful daughter's hand to reassure her.
The tender moment was filmed by the Blessed Space Company wedding organisers, who hosted the ceremony at their venue.
Edilaine Gaeta, commercial manager for the company said: 'This was all pre-planned.
'In one of the meetings before the wedding Diogo said he wanted to do a surprise for Isadora, who is like his daughter.
Bursting into tears, Isadora sobbed uncontrollably as her new step-dad took a ring out of a box and slipped it onto her finger
The child, who was the maid of honour for her 27-year-old mum Nicole de Souza, did not hesitate as she answered 'yes' and the pair embraced
The tender moment was filmed by the Blessed Space Company wedding organisers, who hosted the ceremony at their venue
'The little girl had no idea this was going to happen. All the guests and our team of organisers knew and were thrilled and close to tears too, even though we were in on the secret beforehand.'
The video posted on Facebook has received over nine million views in the space of a week.
The impact has shocked the newly married couple who are currently on their honeymoon in Cancun, Mexico.
Nicole said to Brazilian newspaper Extra: 'Wow! What a surprise the video has been. We had no idea it would make such an impression.
'We wanted Isa to participate in our wedding ceremony because she is at that phase where she loves all things about princesses and is in love with the idea of being a bride.'
Describing her daughter's relationship with her new husband, who she has been with for three years, Nicole said: 'Isadora has a biological father who is present in her life and no one can take that relationship away from her.
'However, Diogo has this love, a true love, and affection for her [Isadora] which is bigger than any title,' she added.
Nicole said Diogo has always had a good relationship with her daughter and Isadora even calls him dad.
Nicole said Diogo has always had a good relationship with her daughter and Isadora even calls him dad
Diogo said: 'Isadora always wanted us to get married. And I wanted to do a special tribute for her so she felt part of the moment in front of our guests'
Diogo said: 'Isadora always wanted us to get married. And I wanted to do a special tribute for her so she felt part of the moment in front of our guests.
'I had this idea of a surprise with Nicole a little while ago. It was so Isa could feel part of this family that is forming.'
The São Paulo businessman said he was 'surprised by all the repercussions' that had been positive and encouraging as he didn't think the video was going to be so popular.
Online comments included congratulations to Diogo for his 'wonderful attitude' and emotional words from those who were moved by the 'amazing gesture'.
Owner of Blessed Space venue, Katia Araujo said: 'I filmed this on my mobile as it was such a beautiful scene. We're used to seeing doom and gloom and this was so uplifting.'
NASHVILLE — The Tennessee Senate today took final action on a bill criticized by the LGBT community which seeks to require state courts use the "natural and ordinary meaning" of undefined words in state law.
Critics say the legislation could be interpreted by judges and used to deny rights to same-sex couples as well as transgender persons. At best, they contend, it will sow confusion in Tennessee courts.
Senators passed the bill, provisions of which Tennessee Attorney General Herbert Slatery raised concerns about in a legal opinion, on a 23-6 vote and will soon go to Republican Gov. Bill Haslam.
Sen. Sara Kyle, D-Memphis, was among Democrats and a few Republicans pressing the bill's sponsor, Sen. John Stevens, R-Huntingdon, about his intent.
"I just want to know, is this aimed at the LGBT community?" Kyle asked.
Replied Stevens: "It absolutely is not."
A somewhat similar that hasn't passed used the same "natural and ordinary meaning" construction in the context of words like "husband," "wife," "father" and "mother."
An attorney, Stevens said it was important for words to be taken at their long-understood meaning, saying words "mean what they meant at the time we passed the bill."
But Senate Minority Leader Jeff Yarbro of Nashville, also an attorney, said he believes it could be seen legally as "injurious."
"I appreciate the sponsor's recognition that a targeted bill would be of dubious constitutionality," Yarbro said.
But referring to the other bill that had first been offered up with the "father," "mother" definitions raised, Yarbro said that given the "origins" of such legislation, "I think it's near impossible to remove this bill from the context in which it was created."
He also raised constitutional issues of separation of power with the legislative branch directing the judicial branch, which interprets law, on what to do.
In his legal opinion earlier this month, Attorney General Slatery said the legislation could result in a conflict with Tennessee law with the U.S. Supreme Court's landmark same-sex marriage ruling when it comes to interpreting gender-specific words as inclusive.
But Slatery's opinion also states a judge would probably use gender-inclusive interpretations of such words.
Stevens, meanwhile, he argued that while his bill affects general law, individual statute language construction could supersede it.
After the bill passed, the Tennessee Equality Project quickly attacked the measure and warned of potential economic consequences for Tennessee.
Executive Director Chris Sanders called on Republican Gov. Bill Haslam to veto it.
"Tennessee Equality Project condemns Senate passage of SB1085, known as the sneaky LGBT Erasure bill, today," Sanders said in a statement. "The Attorney General noted potential conflicts with existing law in his recent opinion."
Those conflicts could cause judicial confusion and discrimination against LGBTQ people in Tennessee. The bill makes Tennessee a target for national economic boycotts."
Recovery worker reflects on months spent at Ground Zero 29 May 2002
By Jennifer Lin
Knight Ridder Newspapers NEW YORK -- Towering floodlights filled Ground Zero with an electric glow last Friday as Joe "Toolie" O'Toole, a Bronx firefighter, descended into the 16-acre pit for his overnight shift. For five months, O'Toole has worked with a crew of 100 firefighters, combing every shovelful of debris at the World Trade Center site for the remains of the dead. O'Toole said he would not leave until the last mound of dirt is upended and sifted for fragments of bones. "I'm here till the end," O'Toole said. "How can I leave?" But that time has come. Thursday, O'Toole will join other recovery workers and the families of victims to mark a ceremonial end to the recovery effort. In the 8 months since Sept. 11, hundreds of workers have removed more than 1 million tons of concrete and steel, and retrieved almost 20,000 body parts. Firefighters like O'Toole have spent lifetimes helping people live. But at Ground Zero, they have taken on the added task of helping people cope with death. One of the strangers whom O'Toole has helped was Fiona Havlish, of Lower Makefield, Pa., whose husband, Donald Havlish Jr., died in the South Tower. O'Toole met Havlish briefly during his first week on the job in January. She was volunteering at St. Paul's Chapel, a relief center for recovery and construction workers. He was on a break, warming up. After hellos, he didn't really know what more to say to her. "There was a lot of pain in that woman," O'Toole recalled. "I could feel it. I didn't know what the hell to do. I was lost and I was very nervous. I really didn't want to talk to her." He returned to Ground Zero, where a heavy machine with a clawlike grappler was lifting a steel box-beam that weighed 800 pounds a foot. O'Toole watched the claw release, sending the steel hulk crashing to the ground. He thought of Fiona Havlish. He shuddered to picture the brute force of steel timbers hurling to the ground from 110 stories. O'Toole went back to the chapel and, pulling Fiona aside, told her point blank that her husband didn't feel a thing. "I felt I had to talk to her," O'Toole said. "I didn't have a right to say something, but I thought it might help her." It did. In a note to O'Toole, she told him that knowing that her husband's death may have been swift "was about the only thing I could hold onto." When O'Toole signed on for trade center duty in January, he thought it would be a 30-day assignment. But after one month, he volunteered for another. And another. And another. And another. Tall and redheaded, the 47-year-old married father of three grown children speaks in an unhurried way about Ground Zero. He said he felt driven to keep working there to bring honor in death for the victims. Every time the crew discovered a body, they placed it on a stretcher, covered it with an American flag, and prayed. "Each person was treated with the greatest dignity and respect," O'Toole said. "Everybody." Too often, what he saw in the underground cavities was too unspeakable to share with anyone, even his wife. "It didn't go home with me," O'Toole said. "It didn't even go to the firehouse. It remained with the people who saw it. If you didn't see it, you didn't want to see it." He said workers found pockets that were "hot" with intact bodies. "You would find clusters and groups. It was very emotional, but you're not thinking about it. You just think, you've got to get these people out of here." The first time O'Toole came face to face with the destruction of the twin towers was dawn on Sept. 13. He said it felt as if he were standing in the portal to hell. "All the steel sticking up, it was like Satan's fingers," O'Toole said. "The sun was coming up and reflecting off the buildings. It made an eerie glow as it came through the haze." In those early days, when firefighters were still hoping to rescue trapped victims, they hauled away concrete, ash and glass "by the spoonful," careful not to disturb the wreckage too much. "We passed out metal rebar one 4-foot piece at a time," he said. "The men never gave up hope." But by the time O'Toole started working at Ground Zero full time in January, heavy equipment was being used to haul away wreckage. Before a truck could leave to take its load to a barge, bound for the Fresh Kills landfill in Staten Island, the cargo would be placed in a "rake field" where firefighters worked like archeologists, searching for fragments of bones. At the site, O'Toole's job has mostly involved handling logistics -- taking water to fellow workers, shuttling tools back and forth, getting more lights on rake fields. "I've done everything down here," O'Toole said. "I've been a tour guide, funeral director, counselor, exhumer." Underground fires raged for months. O'Toole remembers in February seeing a crane lift a steel beam vertically from deep within the catacombs of Ground Zero. "It was dripping from the molten steel," he said. Today, the site looks like a big rectangular pit, so scraped of debris that little is left to suggest this was the footprint of the twin towers. In a few days, O'Toole said, he will return to his Bronx firehouse. He is looking forward to fighting fires again -- "smashing windows and cutting holes in the ceiling," he said. He knows it will take months, maybe years, to process everything he has seen. "I'll go see a shrink just to let him tell me if I'm nuts," he said glibly. Years from now, if his future grandchildren ask him what he did at Ground Zero, he will answer: "I did a noble task." Shaking his head, he added, "I don't know if I want to tell them any more than that."
The new NBC-Wall Street Journal poll not only contains a slew of bad news for the Republican Party but also an explanation for why the GOP is losing the blame game over the government shutdown.
Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-Ohio) pauses as he and House Republican leaders speak with reporters following a strategy session at the Capitol, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2013. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
The answer is simple: The American public views the Republican party's motives in the shutdown as overwhelmingly political. And looking political is the absolute worst thing that can happen to a political party.
A single question in the NBC-WSJ poll captures that sentiment. Seven in 10 people agreed with the statement that Republicans are "putting their own political agenda ahead of what is good for the country" while just 27 percent said that the GOP is "demonstrating strong leadership and standing up for what they believe in."
Compare those numbers to where President Obama stands on that same question. Forty-six percent of respondents said he is "demonstrating strong leadership" while 51 percent said he is putting his own political agenda first. Those aren't stellar numbers for the president but they look a whole heck of a lot better when compared to where Republicans stand at the moment.
As we have written in this space before, Republicans have no one but themselves to blame for how the public perceives their actions on the shutdown. The decision to link keeping the government open with defunding or delaying Obamacare was clearly a strategic misstep that allowed Obama to paint Republicans as ideologues bent on achieving their political ends no matter the consequences for the country.
And then, once the shutdown hit, an internal debate over strategy and tactics -- with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz at its center -- broke into public view, drawing even more focus to the political sausage-making of the GOP.
All of that focus on the winning and losing of the shutdown led directly to the current dismal state Republicans find themselves in. Any time a politician or a political party talks about a serious policy matter in political terms, it's a recipe for disaster. (Just ask the White House, which did everything it could to run like hell from a blind quote from a "senior administration official" in the Wall Street Journal who asserted that the shutdown could keep going because "we are winning.")
To be clear: There are politics -- and political calculation -- in everything. The trick, however, is to make the other side look like they are on a political mission while you are acting out of some combination of principle and pragmatism. Republicans have lost that fight and, in so doing, are watching their brand take a major hit.
Fixbits:
After their meeting on Thursday, House Republicans and President Obama are still at odds over ending the government shutdown.
Senate Republicans are developing their own proposal to reopen the government and raise the debt ceiling for as long as three months.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) said he won't negotiate the budget with House Republicans until the government is reopened.
Here's what's coming Friday in the shutdown showdown.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) raised more than $1 million during the third quarter for his political committees.
Newark Mayor Cory Booker's father passed away at the age of 76.
Neither the Club For Growth nor Heritage action will penalize Republican members for voting for a short-term debt ceiling increase as House GOP leaders have proposed.
Must-reads:
"Cuccinelli, McAuliffe use campaign surrogates in different ways" -- Ben Pershing, Washington Post
"Who, Exactly, Just Blinked in the Debt-Ceiling Showdown?" -- Michael Hirsh, National Journal
Shown above is a sturdy shagbark hickory tree caught in the late afternoon autumn sunshine at the Kennicott Grove located in Glenview, Illinois. It's easy to see how this tree got its name. Native to Illinois and much of Eastern North America, the shagbark hickory (Carya ovata) grows slowly, often with a very straight trunk. These deciduous hardwood trees can grow to over 100 ft (30 m) and may live as long as 350 years. Highly prized for furniture, firewood, ax handles, drumsticks, as well as for many other uses the tree's numbers have dwindled in the last century. The nuts of the hickory tree were once sought after by Native North Americans and early North American settlers. It's taste is like that of a pecan. But, the tree is only a sporadic producer, yielding nuts only every 3 to 5 years. Thus, it's not planted as a crop-yielding tree. This time of year squirrels and deer readily feed on hickory nuts. Note that the shaggy appearing bark develops only after trees reach an age of 50 years or so.
The Black Eyed Kids An urban legend says that children with completely black eyes go around trying to be allowed inside. by Brian Dunning Filed under Paranormal, Urban Legends Skeptoid Podcast #410
April 15, 2014
Podcast transcript | Download | Subscribe
Also available in Italian Listen:
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning Please contact us with any corrections or feedback. Cite this article:
Dunning, B. "The Black Eyed Kids." Skeptoid Podcast. Skeptoid Media, 15 Apr 2014. Web. 26 Feb 2019. <http://skeptoid.com/episodes/4410> References & Further Reading Bethel, B. "Black-eyed children." alt.folklore.ghost-stories. Usenet, 28 Aug. 1997. Web. 1 Apr. 2014. <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/alt.folklore.ghost-stories/HFXkIXeq9ec> Editors. "What are the children with the black eyes?" r/Paranormal. Reddit, 23 Aug. 2013. Web. 1 Apr. 2014. <http://www.reddit.com/r/Paranormal/comments/1ky169/what_are_the_children_with_the_black_eyes/> Flora. "Black Eyed Kids (BEK)." Museum of Hoaxes. Museum of Hoaxes, 6 Aug. 2006. Web. 1 Apr. 2014. <http://www.museumofhoaxes.com/hoax/weblog/comments/black_eyed_kids/P60> Mikkelson, B. "Black-Eyed Children." Urban Legends References Pages. Snopes.com, 29 Apr. 2013. Web. 1 Apr. 2014. <http://www.snopes.com/horrors/ghosts/blackeyed.asp> Monster Talk. "Black Eyed Kids." Monster Talk. Facebook, 18 Apr. 2013. Web. 1 Apr. 2014. <https://www.facebook.com/groups/monstertalkgroupmail/permalink/600143483337810/> Stockton, C. "16 Terrifying Encounters With The Black Eyed Kids." Thought Catalog. Chris Lavergne, 14 Nov. 2013. Web. 1 Apr. 2014. <http://thoughtcatalog.com/christine-stockton/2013/11/16-peoples-terrifying-encounters-with-the-black-eyed-kids/> Weaver, M. "The Black Eyed Children." Skeptoid Blog. Skeptoid Media, 15 Jan. 2013. Web. 1 Apr. 2014. <http://skeptoid.com/blog/2013/01/15/the-black-eyed-children/> Copyright ©2019 Skeptoid Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Rights and reuse information
opposition allegations +
Election Commission has defended its machines +
NEW DELHI: Afterover the last month that electronic voting machines (EVMs) were tampered during recent state polls, the chief election commissioner (CEC) Nasim Zaidi said today "no proof has been submitted" by the complainants". He also added that the Election Commission will hold its electronic voting machine (EVM) hacking challenge starting June 3 when parties can also come with their IT experts to test them out."Any party can only choose four EVMs used in any four constituencies to demonstrate tamperability. The claimant will have to prove that the results were altered on EVMs with admin and tech safeguards. Parties have to confirm their participation by May 26, 5 pm. Only they will be allowed to take part in the challenge," said CEC Nasim Zaidi, adding, "Each national and state recognised party can nominate three authorised persons."He also said that many parties have registered a complaint with the election body, alleging that there were many discrepancies related to the results recorded in the last few elections, but again, without proof."People who questioned the reliability of EVMs haven't yet submitted any proof or credible material to support their claim." Zaidi said during a long demonstration session to show how EVMs work."Trojan Horse (a key press sequence) can't be inserted into EVMs since chip on EVM is one-time programmable and doesn't have a Wi-fi chip," he said, adding that it is impossible to inject viruses into the voting machine.The CEC also said that all future elections will be held with Voter-Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT) machines along with EVMs in all polling stations to bring in transparency."13 political parties had met the commission earlier this month, questioning why VVPAT machines were not used in the elections," Zaidi said in his clarification.Thetime and again, stating that there is no way to hack EVMs as they are stand-alone machines.Meanwhile, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), the BSP and others have accused the EC of working under political pressure to "delay the EVM hackathon ".
The beautiful rural east coast of Taiwan is often referred as the cradle of Taiwanese baseball. As the region has produced countless famous aboriginal baseball players playing at CPBL, NPB and the MLB level.
The East Coast League has announced the tournament schedule for 2017. There will be 8 industrial league teams participating in the tournament this year, including a foreign team Kochi Fighting Dogs from the Shikoku Island League of Japan.
2017 East Coast League Teams
Chii-Lih Coral
Taiwan Power
Taoyuan Aerotropolis
Taiwan national development squad
Taiwan Beer (NTSU)
Meiho University (Meiho)
National Taitung University (NTTU)
Kochi Fighting Dogs (Japan)
The games will be held in Taidung stadium and the Taitung Physical Education Senior High School baseball field.
2017 Tournament Schedule
7/15 – 0900 – Power vs Kochi – Taidung stadium
7/15 – 0900 – NTTU vs Meiho – Taidung high school
7/15 – 1330 – Taoyuan vs National – Taidung high school
7/16 – 0900 – Meiho vs Taoyuan – Taidung stadium
7/16 – 0900 – National vs NTTU – Taidung high school
7/16 – 1330 – Coral vs Kochi – Taidung stadium
7/16 – 1330 – NTSU vs Power – Taidung high school
7/17 – 0900 – Power vs Taoyuan – Taidung stadium
7/17 – 0900 – National vs NTSU – Taidung high school
7/17 – 1330 – Coral vs Meiho – Taidung stadium
7/17 – 1330 – Kochi vs NTTU – Taidung high school
7/18 – 1330 – Coral vs NTSU – Taidung stadium
7/19 – 0900 – Kochi vs NTSU – Taidung stadium
7/19 – 0900 – NTTU vs Taoyuan – Taidung high school
7/19 – 1330 – National vs Coral – Taidung stadium
7/19 – 1330 – Meiho vs Power – Taidung high school
7/20 – 0900 – NTSU vs Meiho – Taidung stadium
7/20 – 0900 – Power vs NTTU – Taidung high school
7/20 – 1330 – Taoyuan vs Coral – Taidung stadium
7/20 – 1330 – Kochi vs National – Taidung high school
7/21 – 0900 – Power vs National – Taidung stadium
7/21 – 0900 – Taoyuan vs NTSU – Taidung high school
7/21 – 1330 – Coral vs NTTU – Taidung stadium
7/21 – 1330 – Meiho vs Kochi – Taidung high school
7/22 – 0900 – Kochi vs Taoyuan – Taidung stadium
7/22 – 0900 – NTSU vs NTTU – Taidung high school
7/22 – 1330 – Coral vs Power – Taidung stadium
7/22 – 1330 – National vs Meiho – Taidung high school
Please refer to the East Coast League official Facebook page for official schedule
Will we see Manny Ramirez back in Taiwan?
With the announcement of Kochi Fighting Dogs participating in the industrial league tournament. Will we see the former Boston Red Sox (MLB)/ EDA Rhinos (CPBL) slugger Manny Ramirez back to Taiwan once again?
Manny Ramirez have signed a half season contract with Kochi Fighting Dogs earlier this year. It is still unknown whether Manny will re-sign with Kochi Fighting Dogs for 2nd half season. Should Ramirez agrees to extend his contract with the Japanese team. Maybe fans in Taiwan will be able to see Manny playing in Taiwan again! (Here's a link to our top 10 Manny Ramirez moments during his 2013 CPBL season)
Update 8-July-2017
According to Brandon DuBreuil at CPBL English. Apparently, Manny Ramirez will be coming back to Taiwan to participate in the East Coast League.
Manny Ramirez is coming back to Taiwan!! https://t.co/C1bYoEjKx9 pic.twitter.com/3tyWwix0Un — Brandon DuBreuil (@brandondubreuil) July 8, 2017
Further Reading
Steve Ott
The Red Wings hope Steve Ott brings an element of sandpaper to their fourth line.
(AP file photo)
DETROIT -- The Detroit Red Wings signed forward Steve Ott to a one-year deal for $800,000, filling their need for an abrasive fourth-line player.
Ott, 33, was limited to 21 games last season with the St. Louis Blues due to surgery in December on his hamstring. He finished with no goals, two assists and 34 penalty minutes.
He returned in the playoffs, appearing in nine games (no goals, one assist).
Ott (6-0, 189) is a physical, agitating player who will occasionally fight.
Ott can play all three forward positions and is good in the faceoff circle, winning more 55 percent of his draws in multiple seasons.
In 795 career games, Ott has 106 goals and 175 assists for 281 points.
He played for the OHL Windsor Spitfires and was a first-round pick of the Dallas Stars in 2000 (25th overall).
Follow MLive Sports on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Download the Detroit Red Wings on MLive app for iPhone and Android
Follow Ansar Khan and Brendan Savage on Twitter
In 2003, British philosopher Nick Bostrom (pictured) published a probabilistic analysis examining the possibility that we might all be living in a computer simulation. His conclusion – that we quite likely are living in a computer simulation – might soon be put to the test with experiments proposed by University of Washington physicists.
In Bostrom's original work, he argues that at least one of the following propositions is true:
(1) the human species is very likely to go extinct before reaching a “posthuman” stage;
(2) any posthuman civilization is extremely unlikely to run a significant number of simulations of their evolutionary history (or variations thereof);
(3) we are almost certainly living in a computer simulation. It follows that the belief that there is a significant chance that we will one day become posthumans who run ancestor-simulations is false, unless we are currently living in a simulation.
So, if we are in a simulation, is it possible that we could know that for certain?
University of Washington physics professor Martin Savage believes that with current limitations and trends in computing, it will be decades before researchers will be able to run even primitive simulations of the universe. But he has suggested tests that can be performed now, or in the near future, that would expose tell-tale signs of the simulation. Specifically, those tests would reveal constraints imposed on future simulations by limited resources.
Savage explains that simulations of reality using a technique called lattice quantum chromodynamics can model the fundamental physical laws that govern the universe on the scale of one 100-trillionth of a meter, a little larger than the nucleus of an atom.
Eventually, he says, more powerful simulations will be able to model on the scale of a molecule, then a cell and even a human being. But it will take many generations of growth in computing power to be able to simulate a large enough chunk of the universe to understand the constraints on physical processes that would indicate we are living in a computer simulation.
However, Savage says there would be signatures of resource constraints in present-day simulations that are likely to also exist in simulations in the distant future, including the imprint of an underlying lattice, if one is used to model the space-time continuum.
He explained that the supercomputers performing lattice quantum chromodynamics calculations essentially divide space-time into a four-dimensional grid. This allows researchers to examine what is called the strong force, one of the four fundamental forces of nature and the one that binds subatomic particles called quarks and gluons together into neutrons and protons at the core of atoms.
“If you make the simulations big enough, something like our universe should emerge,” Savage said. “Then it would be a matter of looking for a ‘signature' in our universe that has an analog in the current small-scale simulations.”
Savage and his co-researchers suggest that the signature could show up as a limitation in the energy of cosmic rays. In their paper, they say that the highest-energy cosmic rays would not travel along the edges of the lattice in the model, but would travel diagonally, and they would not interact equally in all directions as they otherwise would be expected to do. “This is the first testable signature of such an idea,” Savage contends.
If such a concept turned out to be reality, it would raise other intriguing possibilities. Co-researcher Zohreh Davoudi suggests that if our universe is a simulation, then those running it could be running other simulations as well, essentially creating other universes parallel to our own. “Then the question is, ‘Can you communicate with those other universes if they are running on the same platform?'” she mused.
Related:
Discuss this article in our forum
Quantum “Uncollapse” Muddies Definition Of Reality
UK scientists aim to create artificial bee brain
“Super-Turing” AI gets development funding
3 And 7 Lucky Numbers For Dimensional Evolution
Buy Photo Rocky Mountain National Park Tuesday, April 21, 2015 at Rocky Mountain National Park near Estes Park, CO. (Photo: Morgan Spiehs/The Coloradoan)Buy Photo
Your wallet will take an extra hit if you're planning a visit to Rocky Mountain National Park starting Oct. 1.
On that date, Rocky Mountain National Park will increase its entrance fees and annual pass cost and introduce a new single-day pass, given the park's proximity to Colorado's populated Front Range.
Effective Oct. 1:
•A new "Day Use Pass" will cost $20
•A seven-day pass pass will cost $30, up from $20
•A Rocky Mountain National Park annual pass will cost $50, up from $40
In 2016, campground fees will increase to $26 a night, up from $20.
By 2017, a Rocky Mountain National Park annual pass will increase to $60.
"We are committed to keeping Rocky Mountain National Park affordable and we also want to provide visitors with the best possible experience," said Vaughn Baker, park superintendent, in a release. "We feel this modest fee increase is still an incredible value when considering other family and recreational experiences one can enjoy. Plus, 80 percent of those funds stay right here in Rocky to benefit visitors. As we celebrate Rocky's Centennial, these funds will be critical as we move forward into the next one hundred years."
Rocky Mountain National Park attracted a record 3.4 million visitors last year, who spent $217 million. The park is the fifth most visited national park in the U.S.
The last time Rocky Mountain National Park increased user fees was in 2009, the annual pass jumping from $35 to $40.
Rocky Mountain National Park's busiest days in 2014
Sept. 27: 13,295 Vehicles
Sept. 20: 10,289 Vehicles
July 6: 9,355 Vehicles
July 5: 9,253 Vehicles
July 20: 9,139 Vehicles
Sept. 28: 8,668 Vehicles
Aug. 16: 8,634 Vehicles
July 27: 8,492 Vehicles
June 2: 8,248 Vehicles
Sept. 26: 8,152 Vehicles
Xplore reporter Stephen Meyers covers the outdoors and recreation for the Coloradoan. Follow him on Twitter @stemeyer or Facebook.com/meyersreports.
Three churches were bombed and a fire razed Gombomru market in Nigeria's northeastern city of Maiduguri [Reuters]
Dozens of people have been killed during several days of fighting in northeast Nigeria between security forces and a Muslim sect responsible for a series of increasingly bloody attacks in the country, authorities said.
The fighting, between suspected members of Boko Haram and a joint task force of police and military, left residents cowering in their homes amid gunfire and explosions on Saturday. The violence began on Thursday in Borno and Yobe states in Nigeria's arid northeast corner bordering Cameroon, Chad and Niger.
At least 50 people have died in Damaturu and Potiskum in Yobe state during the fighting, local police commissioner Lawan Tanko told The Associated Press on Saturday.
In Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state, a mortuary official who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter told the AP at least 11 bodies had been brought in from the fighting.
The violence left at least two senior police officers dead in Yobe state, while a military spokesman in Borno said three churches had been bombed during attacks there.
Police and a local rights group have said the death toll could reach 100.
"From reports I have been receiving from Damaturu, up to 100 people could have been killed," a senior police source in the region told the AFP news agency, while Chidi Odinkalu, head of the Open Society Justice Initiative, gave a figure of 69-100.
A Damaturu resident on Thursday said it appeared that suspected members of Boko Haram were in the streets shooting and setting off explosions at random. Residents in Maiduguri said people were fleeing and one of six explosions there had shattered the windows of a mosque in an office complex.
Speaking to AFP, Abul Qaqa, a purported spokesman for Boko Haram, said: "We are responsible for the attacks in Maiduguri, Damaturu and Potiskum. We carried out the attacks to avenge the killings of our brothers by the security forces in 2009. We will continue to wage war against the Nigerian state until we abolish the secular system and establish an Islamic state."
Wave of attacks
Boko Haram, which means "Western education is sacrilege", has carried out a succession of recent attacks in the country against Nigeria's weak central government.
The group wants the strict implementation of Islamic law across the nation of more than 160 million people, home to both Christians and Muslims.
Maiduguri has borne the brunt of the violence attributed to Boko Haram, which has claimed responsibility for scores of attacks in the north as well as the August suicide bombing of UN headquarters in the capital Abuja that killed at least 24.
A military task force has been deployed in Maiduguri in a bid to stop the sect, but it has in turn been accused of major abuses, including shooting civilians and burning their homes in the wake of bomb attacks.
In Yobe state, the fighting became so intense that the military ordered those living in a neighborhood surrounding Damaturu's central mosque to evacuate. After a deadline, soldiers riding in armoured personnel carriers and tanks drove into the neighborhood shooting, Tanko said.
"We were able to kill 12 of the Boko Haram armed sect and bombers," Tanko told the AP. The police commissioner said officers also recovered Kalashnikov rifles, ammunition and explosives.
Little is known about the sources of Boko Haram's support, though its members recently began carrying out a wave of bank robberies in the north. Police stations also have been bombed and officers killed.
Boko Haram has splintered into three factions, with one wing increasingly willing to kill as it maintains contact with terror groups in North Africa and Somalia, diplomats and security sources say.
The sect is responsible for more than 450 killings in Nigeria this year alone, according to an AP count.
The Hong Kong 10s are a long-standing tradition in the week leading up to the Hong Kong 7s.
Canadians have long played a role, sprinkled in amongst the famed squads which form up every year to play at the Hong Kong Football Club.
This year, three Canadian internationals are in the mix: hooker Eric Howard is playing for the Penguins, while scrum half Gordon McRorie and winger Dan Moor are turning out for Samurai.
Howard's Penguins teammates include New Zealand sevens stars Teddy Stanaway, Lewis Ormond and Joe Webber. The Classic Wallabies squad is filled with former stars like Wendell Sailor and Morgan Turinui. The Asia Pacific Dragons have former South Africa sevens star and Springboks winger Cornal Hendricks in the mix.
Sixteen clubs in all are part of the event, which kicks off Wednesday Hong Kong time. The tournament is being live streamed on the HKFC10s YouTube channel.
The day one feed is here:
Update 4:42 p.m. Google speaks out against MPAA anti-piracy/anti-Google efforts revealed in Sony hack
Google spoke out Thursday against efforts the Motion Picture Association of America, the film industry's lobbying group, was reportedly involved in trying to push an approach to combating piracy that was previously defeated legislatively — and, as part of that, attacking Google. The information about the MPAA, which represents studios including Sony, came out in information released by hackers from the Sony hack.
"We are deeply concerned about recent reports that the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) led a secret, coordinated campaign to revive the failed SOPA legislation through other means," Google senior vice president and general counsel Kent Walker wrote in a blog post on Google's Public Policy Blog, "and helped manufacture legal arguments in connection with an investigation by Mississippi State Attorney General Jim Hood."
The Stop Online Piracy Act, aka SOPA, was a piece of congressional legislation that included provisions that would block websites seen as being involved with piracy. Google, citing statistics from an anti-SOPA nonprofit, notes that 115,000 sites participated in a protest against SOPA and that Congress received more than 8 million phone calls and 4 million emails regarding SOPA.
"One disappointing part of this story is what this all means for the MPAA itself, an organization founded in part 'to promote and defend the First Amendment and artists' right to free expression,'" Walker writes. "Why, then, is it trying to secretly censor the Internet?"
Google cites recent press reports coming out of the Sony hacks, making three points:
"The MPAA conspired to achieve SOPA's goals through non-legislative means"
Google cites reporting from the Verge saying that the MPAA, in cooperation with six studios including Sony, joined together to try to revive SOPA. The plans involved convincing state prosecutors to go after Google, with each studio budgeting $500,000 for legal support and the MPAA seeking $1.175 million to use in these efforts.
The Verge reports that the leaked correspondence includes a code name for Google: "Goliath," with the efforts against Google and to achieve their anti-piracy goals named "Project Goliath." Like the Bible story of Goliath, they wrote depicting themselves as the David in this situation, taking Goliath down.
"The MPAA pointed its guns at Google"
Citing the New York Times, Google says that MPAA hired law firm Jenner & Block to attack Google, while also funding a nonprofit called "the Digital Citizens Alliance" to lead its efforts to combat Google.
"The MPAA did the legal legwork for the Mississippi State Attorney General"
The MPAA also reportedly pitched their plan to Mississippi State Attorney General Jim Hood, who was already a supporter of SOPA, Google says.
"Even though Google takes industry-leading measures in dealing with problematic content on our services, Attorney General Hood proceeded to send Google a sweeping 79-page subpoena, covering a variety of topics over which he lacks jurisdiction," Walker wrote in the Google blog post.
Google cites Hood telling the Huffington Post that the MPAA "has no major influence on my decision-making," while both the Post and the Verge report Hood had conversations with MPAA staff and attorneys from their law firm.
— Mike Roe/KPCC
Previously: 'Sophisticated actor' behind cyberattack, White House says
The White House said Thursday that evidence shows the hack against Sony Pictures was carried out by a "sophisticated actor" with "malicious intent," according to the Associated Press.
A number of media outlets citing anonymous sources — including NPR, The New York Times, NBC News and TIME magazine — have reported that U.S. intelligence officials are linking North Korea to the attack.
KPCC has not independently confirmed this information, and at least one media outlet claims the evidence against North Korea is flimsy at best.
Spokesman Josh Earnest declined to blame North Korea, saying he doesn't want to get ahead of investigations by the Justice Department and the FBI, according to AP.
Whoever was behind the studio hack has pulled off what one cybersecurity expert says may be the costliest ever for a U.S. company.
"This attack went to the heart and core of Sony's business and succeeded," Avivah Litan, an analyst with research firm Gartner, told AP. "We haven't seen any attack like this in the annals of U.S. breach history."
The attack prompted Sony to cancel the Christmas Day release of "The Interview," a comedy about an assassination plot against North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, after the hacker group calling itself "Guardians of Peace" threatened physical violence against moviegoers. Several theaters had already backed out of screening the film, and Sony subsequently said it had no further plans to release the movie.
The fallout
Fallout from the cyberattack and Sony's response to it continue to ripple across the entertainment industry.
Two more former employees of Sony Pictures Entertainment are suing the company over the leak of their personal information, bringing the number of lawsuits so far to three, AP reports. The suit was filed Wednesday and seeks class-action status for current and former Sony employees whose information was hacked from the company's servers:
Ella Carline Archibeque, accuses Sony of holding on to her medical info long after she left the company in 2009. Joshua Forster, a Denver resident, worked for the company in various roles from 2006 until February.
Meanwhile, Sony's decision to scrap showings of "The Interview" has prompted widespread criticism from celebrities within Hollywood.
Judd Apatow, the successful comedy filmmaker and frequent collaborator with "The Interview" star Seth Rogen, warned on Wednesday that "when a hacker threatens to shut down free speech, or a disgruntled employee threatens to shut down free speech, it sets a very dangerous precedent."
"Everything in our culture is not liked by somebody, and as soon as we say that we're going to shut it down just because someone posted something on the Internet, we're changing the world in a big way," Apatow said, speaking with The Frame's John Horn.
In a show of support for artistic freedom in Hollywood, a Dallas-area theater pledged to screen "Team America: World Police," a film that lampoons Kim's late father, Kim Jong Il.
AP reports:
Alamo Drafthouse Cinema in Richardson on Thursday advertised the Dec. 27 showing of "Team America" as a show of support for freedom. It says it marks the 10-year anniversary of the film by "South Park" creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, which featured a puppet version of Kim Jong Il as a singing, lonely villain.
However, the theater backpedaled Thursday, saying that Paramount decided not to offer the film, according to Deadline.
The content of leaked emails has also prompted calls for Sony co-chairman Amy Pascal to step down.
According to the Los Angeles Times, African American advocacy group ColorOfChange claims that more than 30,000 of its members have called on Pascal to be fired following the discovery of an email exchange, leaked in the cyberattack, in which she wonders what to talk to President Barack Obama about at an event:
"Should I ask him if he liked DJANGO?" she wrote, referring to the film about a freed slave. Later in the exchange, Pascal wondered if she should ask Obama if he liked two other African American-focused films, "The Butler" and "Think Like a Man." Pascal apologized last week, calling the comments “insensitive and inappropriate, but not an accurate reflection of who I am.”
Pascal was scheduled to meet with Rev. Al Sharpton Thursday morning in Manhattan after she called him to discuss the emails, according to the Times.
This story has been updated.
Attention, Empire Citizens! join the Crusade to help us with it! This article must be worked on to expand, correct or cite its contents. Please contact andto help us with it!
The Realm of Chaos is a place of dreams and nightmares, where effect need not follow cause; within its bounds anything is possible. Here there are no physical laws akin to those that dominate the mortal world. Within its confines hopes and fears become real, and reality is reborn as fevered hallucination. Gravity, shape, space and reason — all are in flux and utterly mutable to the will of the Chaos Gods. Few mortals are capable of perceiving the Realm of Chaos in its true splendour, for the living mind recoils from its otherworldly landscapes. Thus, no two visions of the Realm of Chaos are exactly alike, and are often contradictory. If there is anything that can be called the truth, it is this; the Realm of Chaos is but a mirror reflection of the misery, pain and horrors of the material world, created in its current form by the destruction and suffering made by the mortal races.[2a]
Contents show]
Overview
The Dark Gods of Chaos each have their own particular spheres of influence, their own daemonic servants, and their own territories. Yet the Realm of Chaos is not merely the home of the Dark Gods. It is also their battlefield, the arena for a Great Game of supremacy. The brothers are constantly at war with one another, vying for power amid the planes. Despite their myriad differences, the Chaos Gods share a common goal: total domination of all that is. But such absolute power cannot be shared, even amongst gods. So it is that this peculiar world is burdened by constant wars of attrition. Vast daemonic armies swarm across crystal plains, venomous forests, bone-choked swampland and rivers of churning gore, battling to the death to claim and counterclaim territory and the magical lifeblood that goes with it. In the Realm of Chaos, where magic is the stuff of being, the breadth of a domain is not merely a symbol of power, it is indeed power itself. As the minions of one god seize advantage, captured territory is moulded to the whims of its new master. If Khorne overruns a portion of Nurgle's festering garden, the diseased foliage swiftly decays down to nothing, leaving only ruddy wasteland. Similarly, should Tzeentch manage to wrest that same territory from Khorne, crystalline structures burst forth from the parched firmament.[2a]
Alliances in this eternal war are complex, but far from unknown — in fact, the Dark Gods often seek advantage through common cause. Though Khorne is the greatest of the brothers, he is not all-powerful. Tzeentch is his closest rival, but if the circumstances are right then Nurgle - and sometimes Slaanesh — can rise to be his equal or eclipse him entirely. As if this were not complicated enough, there are deep-seated rivalries amongst the gods that can further influence matters. Khorne most despises Slaanesh, whose dark designs are an affront to the Blood God's sense of honour and martial pride. Similarly, Tzeentch and Nurgle - respectively the manifestations of hope and despair - need little spurring to come to blows.[2a]
Each god strives for dominance over the others, and though one may gain ascendancy for a while, no god has yet succeeded in vanquishing another. As one god gains mastery the others combine against him, and as the allies grow in power they divide, forming new pacts of necessity until another conqueror emerges to be vanquished in his turn.[2a]
Major Regions
Possible Neutral Territories
Bad Moon
Black Pit -- Elven Underworld of Mirai.
Drifting Castle
Eye of Terror
Great Sea
Source
DoD Photo LOS ANGELES (AP) — A former Southern California man who fled the U.S. to live on his yacht has been convicted of selling the U.S. military more than $2.6 million in cheap, knock-off batteries that were used in aircraft carriers and submarines.
Federal prosecutors say Didier (Did-ee-yay) De Nier was convicted Wednesday of conspiracy and wire fraud. His wife previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy.
De Nier was CEO of a company that sold the government 80,000 batteries that were used as emergency backup power for Navy vessels.
Authorities say De Nier and his workers removed "Made in China" markings and slapped counterfeit labels on the batteries indicating they came from approved manufacturers.
De Nier fled in 2012 and lived on his yacht in the Caribbean. He was arrested last fall in the Virgin Islands.
(Newser) – Anthony Bourdain is both a renowned chef and a frequent traveler, which would seem to make him well qualified to offer advice about what food to order when on a plane. The answer? Don't order food at all, he tells Travel and Leisure. “You're not digesting your food on the plane, which is why you feel like a horribly bloated beach ball when you get off,” says the host of the travel-food series Parts Unknown. Plus, the food itself is pretty lousy, "edible at best," because of the unique circumstances of air travel.
The meals have to be prepped in advance, and freeze-frying and reheating don't do wonders for taste. What's more, “every food tastes completely different than it does on the ground, so they have to make adjustments to it,” he says, referring to the changes our sense of taste goes through in a pressurized cabin. (He's right about that, per this BBC explainer.) Bourdain's advice—he does recommend a Scotch on the rocks—is echoed by another famous chef, Gordon Ramsay, who spoke to Refinery 29 about why he never eats on a plane. "I worked for airlines for 10 years, so I know where this food's been and where it goes, and how long it took before it got on board." (Read more Anthony Bourdain stories.)
Robert Underwood (Photo: Courtesy of Robert Underwood)
Amongst my many heroes are Professor Miget Bevacqua, (University of Hawaii Manoa) graduate student Ken Kuper, Dan Fitzgerald and former Sen. Bob Klitzkie. None of these individuals grew up speaking Chamorro, but all of them can carry a legitimate conversation in Chamorro. They all learned Chamorro as adults. I am constantly amazed by their level of knowledge and the fact they learned Chamorro against all odds.
This lesson was taught to me in two other ways during the past year. I went to Aotearoa, New Zealand, last May as guest of the Pacific Studies program. When I first visited there in 1982, I bore witness to the demise of Maori. Last May, I watched panel conversations and discussions about science being aired over Maori TV by high school students. Early last month, Nerissa and I visited the Ke Kula o Nawahiokalani K-12 immersion school near Hilo, Hawaii. We bore witness to a school where children and adults spoke in Hawaiian to each other on a full curriculum.
When the future of Pacific island languages was being discussed several decades ago, the danger was greatest to Hawaiian, Maori, Chamorro and Tahitian, in that order. Today, Chamorro tops the list. The Chamorro language is the single greatest treasure that connects the people of this land to their origins and their history. Everything else pales in significance. No singing, chanting, dancing, eating or wearing of sinahis will substitute for genuine effort toward learning and speaking Chamorro.
I am disappointed with all of the handwringing and sometimes pompous statements about the state of the Chamorro language by adults who sign petitions and decry the loss of their language. These statements typically say something like “I never learned Chamorro because my parents decided, the schools forbade me and somebody needs to do something like pass more laws, create more programs for children, develop a website, do something in the name of Chamorro.”
We need immersion programs for children, but we need immersion programs for adults as well, so they have the opportunity to make a contribution to the future of the Chamorro people. Several years ago, I spoke at a Chamorro conference in Saipan. I had to counter some statements in previous conferences that you don't have to speak Chamorro to be Chamorro. I pointed out that some men were willing to pay up to $300 to buy a sinahi, but not spend $30 to buy a Chamorro dictionary.
Nerissa and I try to play a game once a week where I speak Ilonggo (Hiligaynon) and she speaks Chamorro. I lose every time because her Chamorro is pretty good. While Chamorro wins in this household, Ilonggo will win in the end. There are 7 million speakers of Ilonggo in the world. There are maybe 30,000 speakers of Chamorro left, most of them over 40. This is a daunting statistic. It's incumbent upon all of us who have a little knowledge of Chamorro to extend it.
I am very fortunate to have parents who not only spoke Chamorro to each other but to me. But most of the knowledge of Chamorro that I have was developed as an adult who studied Chamorro and spoke it awkwardly, but continually and wherever I could, whether testifying at the United Nations or speaking on the floor of Congress.
Si Yu'us ma'ase', Mom and Pop, yan biba fino' haya.
Robert Underwood is president of the University of Guam and Guam's former delegate in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Read or Share this story: http://www.guampdn.com/story/opinion/columnists/2017/03/02/underwood-more-adults-should-learn-chamorro/98665770/
M&M sorting machines are a popular project for people who like combining electronics, programming and machine building. I decided I'd try to make my own version but with a different approach to the majority of existing M&M (or Skittles / Smarties!) sorting machines out there.
Most of them send a single M&M down a chute to a simple colour sensor where the colour sensor will then take a second or two to figure out the colour. A servo motor will then rotate a chute that will direct the M&M into the correct pot.
My approach sends M&Ms down a chute to start with. But I don't stop the M&M for colour recognition. Instead I use an iPhone to capture the colour of the M&M as it is in freefall. As it is still falling the iPhone talks to a Bluetooth module attached to an Arduino and that fires off the correct electro magnet controlled gate. This sends the M&M into the correct pot. Even though this is just a rough prototype it is reasonably fast because the colour recognition and path that the M&M takes down the chute is decided and determined whilst the M&M is moving under gravity. Here's a video of the prototype:
Initial M&M sorting ideas
I'd been thinking about making an M&M sorter for a while as a fun project so I could play around with an Arduino. But I didn't want to stop the M&M for colour recognition or use a servo motor to direct the M&M as these approaches seemed slow to me.
It was this video of a high speed coin counting machine that got me thinking about some kind of binary gate that would deflect the M&Ms into the correct place. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GGKYHf8DQo. What they've done is really cool and impressive – the coins zoom through a sensor faster than you can see, and are nudged down the correct path by a pop up nodule.
M&M dispenser
Starting from the top of the machine I had to figure out how to ‘release' the M&Ms one by one.
I did attempt to make some kind of spinning ‘thing' that would shoot M&Ms down a tube in the style of the coin sorter video I saw. It did kind of shoot them down the tube, but mostly it sent the M&Ms flying all around my living room. I still don't know if I've found them all!
The problem here was making the M&Ms come out one at a time (they often came out in bunches), and the fact that they flew out at different angles and velocities – this would lead to them bouncing around which would make it hard to predict where they were going to go next.
I also experimented with a cylinder that the M&Ms would go into first, and then they'd fall though the holes when the holes lined up. I realised here that the amount of torque I'd need to rotate these two tubes would be too much for my motors. Plus there was still the problem of the M&Ms falling out in twos.
I had more success with trying to replicate this tried and tested design adopted by a number of other successful M&M sorters. The M&Ms are in the container and they drop into the holes as the holes become empty.
The trick to success is to ensure that the height of the hole that the M&M drops into is about the same height as the M&M. This ensures that only one M&M is in the hole at a time. And then as the M&M rotates and approaches the chute it goes under a covered area (like a bridge which touches the surface of the spinning disk) which ensures that when the M&M and the hole line up only the M&M in the hole can fall down.
The bridge is barely visible in the photo as it is obscured by the sides – it is right at the front and is secured into place with that screw. The piece of foam board on the left perhaps helps to encourage the M&Ms into the hole but may not be necessary. I have the dispenser angled to the back so that the M&Ms fall to the edges (I want to ensure that they all go through the sorter).
Spinning the dispensor
I initially bought a 6V 500RPM motor from Amazon, and a set of motor mounts to attach the motor to the spinning disk.
I tried to decrease the speed to something sensible using a set of gears that I got from Maplin. However with my crude setup there was so much juddering that it prevented the M&Ms from falling smoothly.
So I bought a 12V 80RPM high torque motor from eBay along with a motor speed controller which allowed me to direct drive the spinning disk. It was much smoother now, and this shows that simpler is often better.
Electro magnet gates
I'd decide to try deflecting the M&Ms down the correct chute by using electro magnets to control quick reacting gates. Electro magnets can react very fast – much faster than the slow turning of a servo.
I first bought a very small low powered electro magnet – it was useless as it was so tiny it wouldn't have been able to move anything. So I bought a bigger 12V 2A pull magnet from eBaay. This had pulling power (and goes back to its original position when the power is off because of the spring).
My first attempt was a simple ‘pull' gate. Here the pulling of the magnet would close the gate.
I tried doing this with both the magnet on the same level as the chute (above) and also below the chute (below).
The problem was that the magnet only pulls 1cm, and taking the diagonal into account that does not fully close the chute. It worked a lot of the time, but sometimes an M&M would slip past the gate. As I couldn't find electro magnets with a larger pull length (one with 2-3cm would have made all this much simpler!) I went for a ‘chop' gate instead.
As the electro magnet pulls back the gate ‘chops' downwards by means of 3 pivot points. This design turns the small amount of electro magnet movement into something much larger which can cover the entire width of the chute diagonally.
The difficulty is figuring out the exact shape and size of the moving parts. I didn't have any scientific way of doing this – I just experimented. First using thin cereal box cardboard as shown in the image on the right. Then using rigid plastic sheet that I bought from a hobby shop. On the left is the final design I went for. These gates react extremely fast, and make quite a bang as the plastic hits the bottom of the chute.
I had to make 5 of them and here is what they were looking like when glued (using a glue gun) onto the foam board. I added a bit of black tape (which was loose at the bottom) to slightly muffle the sound.
Colour sorting of M&Ms
I knew that I was going to use an Arduino to control the M&M sorter so it seemed natural to buy the Arduino compatible colour sensor that most of the other projects were using. The colour sensor is in the photo on the left and is the thing that the bright white light is coming from. What I discovered though using it was that the sensor is very slow. You have to individually sample the 4 colour sensors (red, green, blue and white) and then figure out the colour. This isn't as easy as the sensors aren't calibrated with each other, so you need to figure out the calibration first.
I abandoned the colour sensor as too slow (I can see why the designs that use this sensor have to stop the M&M to figure out the colour now) and decided to use an iPhone 5S camera instead. The iPhone's camera and CPU was fast enough to film the M&M in free fall and 1) spot that there was an M&M in the field of view and 2) figure out what colour it was. The traditional cheap colour sensors available for the Arduino wouldn't have even been able to detect that an M&M was even there as it wizzed past in freefall.
The camera is placed a bit back from the chute to give it a wider field of view. And for efficiency it is only processing the vertical strip of pixels that make up the chute. No need to process the parts of the image that the M&M will never appear in.
I bought a Bluetooth LE module for the Arduino (shown in red above) so that the iPhone could talk to the Arduino.
To make determining the colour more simple I flattened the colour palette of the video images as they came in. I made it so the software only saw the colours of the M&Ms that I was interested in seeing (so no shadows which were a big problem!) and everything else was white. It was then simply a matter of counting the number of coloured pixels, and then if the number was above a threshold sending the Bluetooth command to the Arduino.
Here you can see the Bluetooth board plugged into the Arduino and wired up to the relay. Wires are then heading out of the relay to the electro magnets.
Putting the M&M machine together
Once the three key problems of the 1) M&M dispenser, 2) electro magnet gates and the 3) colour recognition were solved it is just a matter of putting it all together. This involved a lot of foam board and glue from a hot glue gun.
I used a sharp hobby knife to cut the foam board, and bought a cutting compass so that I could cut neat circles for the dispenser.
As I started testing various bits together I did find a few problems.
The M&Ms would ricochet about as they fell down the chute, sometimes ricocheting down the wrong chute before they had reached their gate. I kind-of solved this by putting the chute at an angle so the M&Ms would be ‘encouraged' to stay on the smooth side of the chute.
The electro magnets could get very hot if left on. So hot in fact they could melt the glue that was holding them in place. I had to modify the software to disengage the magnets after they'd been fired (but after the M&M had hit) rather than leaving them in the engaged position.
Here's a side view of the assembled prototype.
And here is the front view. It differs slightly from the version in the video as I extended the M&M ‘pots' at the bottom to store more M&Ms and I added a button to turn the motor on/off at the top as well as a speed dial for the motor.
I have a small compilation of video snippets of earlier M&M sorting experiments on YouTube.
Future improvement ideas
I think there is a lot of potential for improving on this design. I think with some improvements the speed and accuracy of the M&M sorting could be better.
Try to get rid of the whole iPhone / Bluetooth setup. I think to do this you could try using a Raspberry Pi with a high speed (60/120FPS) capable camera directly attached. The Pi probably has the processing power to do the image processing.
At the moment there are three power supplies – one for the Arduino, one for the electro magnets, and one for the motor. It would be great to get everything running off a single power supply.
More work on the image processing – you may have noticed I wasn't sorting brown M&Ms. They are a pain to distinguish from orange and shadow. Obviously it can be done but it would need a bit more software work and perhaps some LED lighting on the chute to reduce the effect of the shadows.
3D printing of the parts – my prototype is very rough – it would be amazing to see it as a smooth 3D printed consumer unit.
Currently the gates are in a line – this causes slight timing issues – there is less time between the camera recognising the M&M colour and the first gate needing to fire than the last gate needing to fire. NES4_Life came up with the suggestion of having all the chutes arranged in circle (like a flower) and then have the chutes move into the centre at the correct time. This would mean a fairly constant time between colour recognition and firing the electro magnet which could simplify things, especially if the speeds get higher. I did a quick test of the concept (below) and I think it has potential but I haven't figured out exactly how to do it.
Some of the items I bought for the M&M machine
Here is a partial list of what I bought – I'll try to add more if I remember!
Bought and used on final prototype
Arduino Mega kit – comes with lots of extra components to play with.
Extra jumper cables
8 channel relay modules
Arduino Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE)Shield – £18.05
Various power supplies (which I won't give links to as the ones I got were really dodgy ones that I'm sure weren't properly safety tested!)
DC 12V 2A Push Pull Type Open Frame Solenoid Electromagnet 10mm 20N 4.4LB * 5 – ~£5 each, the ones I bought are listed on eBay not but there from the same seller but are loads of other identical ones on the site
12V 80RPM motor from eBay – £6.30
Motor mounts – for attaching the motor to the spinning dispenser disk.
PWM Pulse Width DC Motor Speed Control Controller Governor 6V-28V 3A – £5.59 from eBay
30cm steel ruler
Circle cutting compass – from any good hobby shop
Foamboard – lots of this!
Plastic sheet – white for the electro magnet gates
Plastic sheet – clear to cover the M&M chutes and stop the M&Ms bouncing out on their way down to their designated pot.
Bought but not used on the final prototype
Other M&M / Skittles sorting projects
Here's a list of other M&M sorting projects that I'm aware of (in alphabetical order). It is definitely worth looking at all of them to get inspiration for your own.
Lego Mindstorms M&M Sorting Machine
Lego Mindstorms NXT – The M&M Dispencer
m&m's sorter
m&m sorter #3, take two
M&M sorter
M&M Sorter (da Vinci's Workshop)
Skittles Sorting Machine 3
Sorting Machine – Skittles and M&M's
And there's even more if you search on YouTube!
If you like this post please consider linking to it using this code: <a href="https://www.reviewmylife.co.uk/blog/2014/12/22/high-speed-mandm-sorting-machine/" >High speed M&M sorting machine</a>
Related
Tags: Arduino, Bluetooth, electro magnets, electronics, high speed, M&M, M&M sorting machine, machine, motor, sorting
claraccoon:
So a teacher in my friends' class told them he had grounded his daughter for wearing make up at school, and turns out that the next day every single girl in class had slapped the brightest blood red lipstick they had and there was a line in the bathroom to apply knife sharp, enormous curves of winged eyeliner on everyone and they looked like a legion of warrior goddesses on their way to avenge their sister, so when the teacher came in the room his face just FELL and he kept avoiding the girls staring at him during class, so they started raising their hands and asking questions about the subject to force him to look at them, and if you don't think girls are amazing when they get down to battle you are missing out on something glorious
Google has decided to follow in the wake of companies such as PayPal who have developed physical extensions of their mobile payment solutions. The Google Wallet Card allows you to spend your money in stores, or withdraw it from an ATM without having to wait for money to transfer from your Google Wallet Balance to your bank account. It could also be seen as the perfect companion to devices like Coin, which let you store up to 8 payment cards in one customizable card.
The Google Wallet Card is a debit card that lets you quickly access your Wallet Balance, whether you've received it from a friend or added it directly from a linked bank account or credit/debit card. You can use it at millions of MasterCard® locations or simply find the nearest ATM. There are no monthly or annual fees to use the card, plus it can send notifications to your phone every time you spend, which makes it easy to stay under budget.
That herd has now grown to about 160 elk in and around the original release area near the tiny town of Clam Lake in southern Ashland County, mostly roaming on Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest land.
Now, Wisconsin is planning to expand its elk population in a big way. Gov. Scott Walker last month announced plans to import up to 150 more elk from Kentucky in the next three to five years.
“We're trapping in Kentucky right now and those elk should be in Wisconsin by late March or early April,'' Kevin Wallenfang, deer and elk ecologist for the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, told the News Tribune last week.
The animals will be placed in quarantine before being released to make sure they are disease-free.
The first batch of Kentucky elk will be released as a new herd in central Wisconsin's Jackson County, near the Black River State Forest. The long-term goal is for about 390 elk in that area.
Next year, another 75 or so will be brought up to mingle with the Clam Lake herd, with a long-term goal of reaching 1,400 elk in the area. Officials are hoping that herd spreads out more so the elk are less vulnerable to wolves, but there are no plans for the two herds to overlap.
The Clam Lake herd has been growing much slower than expected, with genetics, habitat and wolves taking their toll.
“Wisconsin got all of their elk from Michigan, which got their elk from one source, and the concern is that they lack the genetic diversity to really thrive. That's why a new release might help them out,'' said Mike Schrage, wildlife biologist with the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Resource Management Division. “It's also why it might be nice to have more than once source if we go forward with this (in Minnesota).”
A decline in logging in the Clam Lake area also has provided less habitat for the elk, which can thrive on grass or woody browse such as aspen saplings.
An increase in wolf numbers in the past 20 years has affected elk survival in Wisconsin. Studies show elk restoration efforts should start with a minimum of 75 animals, both to increase genetic diversity and to withstand predation by wolves and bear.
Of the Wisconsin elk that have died and been found by elk biologists over the past 20 years, 42 percent have been killed by wolves; 16 percent from vehicle collisions and 12 percent from bear attacks, mostly on calves 6 weeks old and younger.
Warning: This contains a spoiler from Sunday's Game of Thrones.
They're two of the most iconic characters on television, let alone on Game of Thrones: Tyrion Lannister and Daenerys Targaryen, two rebel outcasts from dynastic families who have never met before … until now. In a season full of unexpected character pairings, Sunday's Thrones concluded with the most mind-blowing and eagerly anticipated partnering of them all when the fugitive Lannister revealed himself to the Breaker of Chains as she toured a fighting pit.
Showrunner David Benioff said pairing these two characters—played by Emmy winner Peter Dinklage and Emmy nominee Emilia Clarke—was one of the twists the producers most eagerly anticipated this season. “We're really excited to see these two characters we love so much finally set eyes on each other,” Benioff said. “Creatively it made sense to us, because we wanted it to happen. They're two of the best characters of the show. To have them come so close together this season then have them not meet felt incredibly frustrating. Also, we're on a relatively fast pace. We don't want to do a 10-year adaptation of the books, we don't want to do a nine-year adaptation. We're not going to spend four seasons in Meereen. It's time for these two to get together. It's hard to come up with a more eloquent explanation, but this just felt right. [Varys] puts Tyrion's mission out there [in the season premiere] and the mission ends in Meereen.”
Tyrion and Daenerys have not yet met in George R.R. Martin's novels upon which the series is based. But as is increasingly the case on the show, the producers opted to progress the story beyond the characters' stopping point in Martin's most recent book, A Dance with Dragons, in order to maintain an intense TV-friendly pace. Benioff and his fellow showrunner Dan Weiss have previously pointed out they prefer to cap the series around seven seasons.
“There will always be some fans who will think it's blasphemy,” Benioff noted. “But we can't do something because we're afraid of the reaction. I like to think we've always done what's in the best interest of the show and we hope most people agree.”
Next week, Tyrion and Dany will have their first real conversation, and you can expect it to rank among the best scenes of the season. While some fans were upset by the death of Ser Barristan earlier this year, his demise means that Dany lost an experienced senior adviser with strong knowledge of Westeros at a time when her regime is under attack from insurgents. So Dany now has a real need for Tyrion's help. But whether she can bring herself to trust the son of Tywin Lannister is a big question.
More coverage of this week's episode: George R.R. Martin reveals which real-life religion inspired the Faith Militant, while our deep-dive recap is in progress.
A Germanwings flight leaving Dusseldorf. Photo: Gerard van der Schaaf
If Germanwings pilot Andreas Lubitz had told a doctor in Norway he was too ill to fly, the doctor would have been required to inform his employer, a medical expert with Norway's Civil Aviation Authority has claimed.
“It would have triggered a duty of notification to the aviation authorities in Norway,” Lars Tjensvoll, a doctor for Norway's Civil Aviation Authority at Fornebu told Norway's state broadcaster NRK . “Even I have sent notice to the aviation Authority of pilots who were not fit to fly.”
According to German prosecutors, Lubitz had been given a sick note by his doctor for Tuesday, the day he crashed his Airbus A320 into the side of a mountain in the French Alps, but had ripped it up and arrived to fly the plane anyway.
The doctors had not informed Germanwings of the risk, however.
In Germany, as in most other countries, a doctor's duty of confidentiality trumps safety concerns.
“It's very unique and very fortunate that we have this law in Norway,” Tjensvoll said. “I've talked with colleagues in other countries envy us this legislation.”
German prosecutors said on Friday morning that they had discovered documents in Lubitz's house which pointed to a serious medical condition.
“Documents with medical contents were confiscated that point towards an existing illness and corresponding treatment by doctors," the prosecutors' office in Dusseldorf, said, according to Reuters.
"The fact there are sick notes saying he was unable to work, among other things, that were found torn up, which were recent and even from the day of the crime, support the assumption based on the preliminary examination that the deceased hid his illness from his employer and his professional colleagues.”
BEIJING—Acknowledging the industrialized nation's role in global climate change, China reportedly reached a landmark agreement with the United States Wednesday, pledging to significantly increase the rate at which it falsifies air pollution data over the next 15 years. “As the world's leading manufacturer and a rising global economy, we consider it our responsibility to begin taking aggressive measures to fabricate pollution statistics and openly misinform the rest of the world about our level of carbon emissions,” said Chinese president Xi Jinping during a joint press conference with U.S. president Barack Obama, noting that, while China has already taken steps to misrepresent its air quality, it will steadily expand its current deception and begin distorting data in a variety of new sectors, such as grossly overstating its level of investment in solar, wind, and other renewable energy sources. “China is strongly committed to the goal of claiming its greenhouse gas output has been cut in half by 2030. We will work tirelessly to exaggerate, manipulate, and in many cases flat-out lie about the amount of pollutants Chinese factories and energy plants release into the atmosphere. That is our unwavering pledge.” At press time, Chinese officials announced that the country had already met its goal.
Advertisement
Some students in Michigan will be getting an extra-long holiday break this year, thanks to the supposed end of the world.
Israel Leal/AP A Mayan dancer performs at the Xcaret Eco Theme Park on the outskirts of Playa del Carmen, Mexico, Wednesday, Dec. 19, 2012. Amid a worldwide frenzy of advertisers and new-agers preparing for a Maya apocalypse, one group is approaching Dec. 21 with calm and equanimity, the people whose ancestors supposedly made the prediction in the first place.
Some students in Michigan will be getting an extra-long holiday break this year, thanks to the supposed end of the world.
Five Michigan school districts in Lapeer County have shuttered their doors early this holiday season, partly out of concern over end-of-the-world hysteria sparked by the Mayan Long Count calendar.
(MORE: Mayan Apocalypse Film Festival – 21 Films for Our Final 21 Days)
The decision, which was made Wednesday night, cancelled all classes, extracurricular activities and athletic events for Thursday and Friday this week, two days ahead of schedule. Matt Wandrie, the superintendent for Lapeer Community Schools, cited recent rumors of violence following last week's mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., as well as “overall distractions” and “rumors connected to the Mayan calendar predicted end of the world.”
In a letter to parents and students, Wandrie, explained each rumor had been independently investigated and dismissed. However, he stood by his decision:
There have been no credible threats made against any of our students. However, these rumors have been a serious distraction for students, teachers, administrators, and parents. Therefore, given the significant disruption to the teaching and learning process, I have decided, along with my fellow superintendents of Lapeer County, to cancel school for both Thursday, December 20th, and Friday, December 21st.
(MORE: Sandy Hook Viewpoint: Should Teachers Be Trained in Counterterrorism?)
Last week, in Connecticut, 20-year-old Adam Lanza took the lives of over 26 adults and children at Sandy Hook Elementary school, sparking a national debate on safety and mental health awareness. Meanwhile, the Mayan Long Count calendar is expected to move to the next b'ak'tun, or a cycle of 144,000 days, on Dec. 21st, 2012. Despite the belief that “the end” of the Mayan calendar will bring about the apocalypse, it simply means that a new cycle of the calendar will begin.
On a recent fall evening, a crowd of about two hundred filed into the Bell House, a nineteen-twenties former warehouse with a rough brick exterior, in Gowanus, Brooklyn, to raise money for Bernie Sanders's Presidential campaign, and to laugh. The concert and special-events venue sits on a wide block of stumpy converted spaces, across from an Apple support store. Inside, the atmosphere was warm, vibrant.
Near the ticket window, just outside the main event hall, a flyer decorated the wall. “Stand Up for Bernie Sanders: Bern'in Down the House,” it read, in an autumnal, chestnut-and-pumpkin color palette. A ghoulish drawing of Sanders sat beneath a burning building (maybe the White House?). Two women representing the Bushwick Berners, a grassroots organization mobilizing for Sanders in North Brooklyn, stood adjacent to the ticket counter, hunched over a fold-out table crowded with signage, stickers, a donation jar, pens, voter-registration forms, and pamphlets. (“Bernie is Bae,” one sign read.) In the room next door, a d.j. launched into a cut of Ol' Dirty Bastard's “Got Your Money.”
Lauren Irwin, a Bushwick Berner dressed in a long black coat with fur-like fuzz on the shoulders, solicited new volunteers and registered voters. “It's all very D.I.Y.,” Irwin said, enthusiastic and proud, pointing to the chaotic arrangement of papers on the table. Irwin had designed and printed one of the pamphlets—a “zine,” she called it. The “BK Bern Book,” a few folded pieces of white paper stapled together, contained features like Sanders's Senate voting record compared with Hillary Clinton's, a Republican-candidate-quote matching game, an image of Donald Trump superimposed on a hair-transplant advertisement, celebrity tweets in support of Sanders—from Lil B the Basedgod, Anne Rice, Sarah Silverman, Cornel West, Killer Mike—and information about how to get involved with the campaign.
“This is something that I'm very passionate about—the physicality of a pamphlet or a zine, where you can pass them around,” Irwin said, beaming. “The zine is not just about [Sanders]. He represents this larger movement, this larger grouping of people who are not down with establishment politics.”
Inside the hall, a relatively young, mostly white after-work crowd gathered in an orchestral arrangement of seats. Flannel shirts, plaid tops, and knit hats were sprinkled throughout the audience. The chandeliers dimmed as the night's hosts—Kenny DeForest, Will Miles, and Clark Jones—took the stage together. “Yell out some reasons you're a fan of Bernie Sanders,” Miles, a comedian from Chicago and a co-host of Sunday Nights at the Knitting Factory, said. He had a thick mustache and wore a dark button-down shirt and dark jeans. “What do you guys think?”
“Socialism,” a man yelled.
“The hair,” a woman hollered.
“He's not an asshole,” another woman shouted, her voice strained and groggy.
“His accent!” a man with an Irish-sounding lilt, who was sitting near the sound technician, bellowed. He had to repeat himself three times before the hosts onstage could understand him. “What about your accent?” DeForest countered, to the crowd's amusement. The exchange set a light, conversational tone that would carry throughout the event. “We're just going to have some fun and support a good man,” DeForest said, sipping a can of Tecate.
Each of the eleven comics had between ten and twenty minutes onstage, broken up by appearances by the hosts, and nearly all of the acts seized on some of the central issues in the 2016 campaign: Black Lives Matter, police brutality, economic inequality, feminism, mass incarceration, abortion and contraception, the regulation of financial institutions, and campaign-finance reform. The comedy show was, after all, also a political fundraiser. (Proceeds from the ten-dollar admission benefitted Sanders's political campaign. The event's organizers are not officially affiliated with Bernie 2016.) The comedians, each of whom performed pro bono, also turned many of the Presidential hopefuls, including Sanders, into punch lines.
During his own set, DeForest, who lives in Bushwick and is originally from Springfield, Missouri, quipped about his appearance and his privilege. “It's a hard thing to accept that my life is easier because I'm a white dude,” he said. “I don't want to accept that. I'm a competitive dude. I don't want an asterisk on my scorecard.” DeForest was at his funniest all night during that earnest searching.
The Lucas Brothers—identical twins named Kenny and Keith, who perform together—brought the laid-back style from their animated series, “Lucas Bros. Moving Co,” to their colorful routine. “Every time Steph Curry makes a three pointer,” one brother said, followed by an extended pause. The crowd held their focus. Then: “a nigga gets shot in America.” The audience managed to let out a delayed, nervous laugh. Throughout their set, the two brothers, who affixed political pins to their jackets—a Goldwater '64 buttons and a blue “Say Nope to Dope” button—craftily disguised dense, heavy subject matter in their characteristic deadpan delivery.
The “Saturday Night Live” star Sasheer Zamata applied a more melancholy tone to her dialogue. Inquisitive and caustic, she spent much of her time onstage appealing to the need for more honesty. “I'm tired of saying I'm fine when I'm not,” Zamata lamented. “I wish there were a concise way to say that I'm thankful to be alive, but I'm not good.” Zamata's frustrations garnered a variety of responses from the crowd, which oscillated between excitement, unease, befuddlement, and amusement. A bit later in her set, Zamata received her loudest cheers not for telling a joke but for testifying to the merits of open and sincere dialogue. “I don't think race or gender or sexuality or religion are taboo subjects,” Zamata said. “I think they are just subjects that we can talk about. And if we talk about it more the less uncomfortable it gets.”
Hearing this, I thought about Sanders himself, who has been both revered and reviled for his candor. The show raised an essential question about his campaign: Does a willingness to talk about difficult issues render them more uncomfortable or less?
After the show, I found Seaton Smith, one of the night's standout performers, who co-stars on Fox's “Mulaney,” standing in the rear of the room chatting with a couple friends. Smith, whose long, untamed Afro extends his chiseled jaw line, explained the importance of having conversations. “I like to talk political shit with people,” Smith said. I asked him about comedy's role in facilitating political discourse. Then Smith, in a blue denim shirt and taupe sport coat with an upturned collar, briefly glanced toward the stage. “Comedy allows you to say things poignantly, but in an easy way. So it's not forcing down your throat,” he said. “It's an easier way to deal with a problem.”
Share. The rise and rise of eSport, and how it's poised to take over. The rise and rise of eSport, and how it's poised to take over.
There's something in the air at the World Championship Series StarCraft II Oceania Finals at the Australian Technology Park. It is, in fact, the roof of the Australian Technology Park. Or was, rather. 100km/h winds had blown a section of it off the converted locomotive workshop earlier.
But there's definitely a buzz down here, and it's not just the iron sheets vibrating as they cling to the beams above while the gale outside tries to peel them off like a stubborn nether-hair from a bar of soap. People seem excited. Excited about StarCraft II. They're sitting in clusters fixated on the big screen while a man brings around platters of tiny chicken schnitzels on tiny pieces of toast. The crowd is small today, but it's a Friday. The show isn't open to the public until tomorrow, when we're assured things will get a lot more boisterous. All 600 tickets for the event were snapped up inside of 11 minutes. Tomorrow the crowd of people cheering on a man in a small glass booth playing a video game against another man in a different glass booth will be a lot larger and louder.
There's very little about this experience that would seem real to your everyday everyman. It barely makes sense to me. I'm watching two people I don't know battling against one another on a video game I've never played. The commentators aren't actually called commentators, I can't quite figure out why everyone is cheering and I don't actually understand what anybody is talking about.
This must be how my wife feels when I play video games at home. Or perhaps a more potent example would be what my sister feels like when she watches cricket. She doesn't understand the game and she doesn't understand the rules.
Two of the expert StarCraft II commentators – or "shoutcasters", rather – brought in to provide commentary for the event, Nick ‘Tasteless' Plott and Dan ‘Artosis' Stemkoski, laugh when I confirm with them they don't know anything about cricket.
“No, we don't!” says Plott. “Basically our jobs are to try and make that as accessible as possible to a viewer like you, for instance. We're just trying to translate, ‘Okay what's this guy trying to do? What's this guy's dilemma? What's the other guy's advantage? We're there to navigate the viewer through the experience so they can enjoy it.”
Thus far I'm still working on volume. When the shoutcasters start shouting I figure something exciting is happening. Plott and Stemkoski are the commentators I'd know all about if I knew anything about StarCraft. The pair is currently based in South Korea.
“ [In South Korea] if I say I'm a StarCraft commentator that doesn't require an explanation.
“Out there,” says Plott, “if I say I'm a StarCraft commentator that doesn't require an explanation. If I say I'm a pro-gamer that doesn't require an explanation. They did a poll a few years ago where they asked young Korean boys, ‘What do you want to be when you grow up?' and the number one response was professional gamer.”
“We live in this world where it's one of the most watched things on TV, completely culturally accepted. It's not a taboo, it's not weird and there's an ecosystem there that supports it.”
Peter Neate is 31. He's from Brisbane. For three years, however, Peter Neate lived in South Korea and everyone called him Legionnaire.
After qualifying for the first World Cyber Games main event in 2001 Neate found himself in South Korea.
“I went overseas to Seoul in Korea and I was the only Australian to win a match,” says Neate. “They set up a show match afterwards and I was the only one to win versus a Korean pro-gamer. They offered me [a chance] to stay, just out of the blue. I really did not expect it and I didn't really understand just how big professional gaming was in Korea at the time, so I turned it down.”
“I did a bit of research after that; I started playing a lot more. The next year, WCG came around again, I qualified, I went to Korea, I extended my Visa out for the full three months and I just went around trying to play as much as I could. We got very fortunate, I was there with another Australian... we got picked up by a sponsor a couple of days before our Visas were to expire.
“We were sponsored for three months and we played non-stop. At the end of the three months there was a big tournament – 512 players I believe – in Korea and I went through to the top eight where I got noticed by one of the professional teams. I became friends with them and they asked me to join so I leaped at the opportunity. From that time on I spent three years playing professionally in Korea.”
Neate illustrates just how hardcore South Koreans are about eSports.
“Back then they had an event down in Busan, the second largest city in Korea,” he says. “They did a custom built stadium, on the beach; they brought the players in on rafts, up onto the beach.”
“There were 90,000 spectators. So if you think about that, it's like an AFL Grand Final. That many people were turning up just to watch a computer game."
That's Australian Rules football, for non-antipodeans.
“It's amazing,” Neate continues. “It's really hard for people who haven't seen anything like it to understand how big it is. In Korea, it is considered a sport; it's a real sport, it's the fourth biggest sport in Korea after soccer, baseball and basketball I believe.”
Neate retired after three years, conceding many players stay in the scene for longer.
“It's a full-time job over there, so a lot of Koreans stick with it for a lot longer,” he says. “For me it was long enough. I'd done everything I'd wanted, my brother was getting married and I'd never actually met his fiancé because I'd been over there for so long. I'd had a lot of fun, I'd travelled around everywhere and I just felt it was time to move on and get back to normal life.”
Normal is probably not a term you'd apply to the life of fellow finalist Andrew Pender. Pender has a nickname for his nickname, but that's not what makes his life so fascinating. No, it's because Andrew ‘mOOnGLaDe' Pender, or GLaDe, quit his job to play StarCraft II eight to 12 hours a day in the lead up to this tournament.
Pender's first real-time strategy game was the original StarCraft.
“As that went on Brood War came out and I continued to play during high school and I stumbled across pro gaming on the Internet, and I thought that was an amazing thing at the time,” he says. “That was the thing I wanted to be as a kid. Pro-gaming; it sounded so amazing.”
“From there after StarCraft I jumped into WarCraft III as fast as I could and started competitive playing there in the hopes that one day I could be a pro gamer, but at the time it was only a hobby. For six years I was competitive playing WarCraft III and I managed to travel around the world for it and do rather well, nothing too amazing, and then StarCraft II was on the horizon so I quit WarCraft III, worked for a couple of years until StarCraft II came out and then pretty much put all my time into StarCraft II and tried my best to go pro gamer with it.
“Basically from there I started to do very well and I joined a pretty good team and I managed to travel around the world with a salary and make some money and some fame and do pretty well. For the last two years I've just been travelling around the world for StarCraft II.”
The prospect of being paid to play games might be a tempting one for many. It sounds like the perfect job for someone who loves games. However, one of the more interesting things is how few games pro gamers actually play.
“If you're a pro gamer you're probably only playing StarCraft,” says Plott.
Stemkoski agrees; he spends his free gaming time playing StarCraft too.
“Yeah, it's definitely mostly StarCraft,” he says. “I find that I'm so involved in StarCraft, I enjoy it so much that I find if I have some free time I don't necessarily want to pick up a PlayStation controller. I want to go and play some more StarCraft. There's a reason why this is the biggest eSport; it's because it's the best game.”
Pender tends to avoid other games too.
“ I used to play many, many games before I became a professional gamer. Once you become a professional gamer it's a lot harder to just jump on another game.
“I used to be a gamer, he says. “I used to play a lot more other games; I used to play many, many games before I became a professional gamer. Once you become a professional gamer it's a lot harder to just jump on another game.”
“In the back of your mind you're worried that it's going to affect your StarCraft, or your mouse movements or whatever. But that's not really the main reason I don't play many other games. Currently I don't have time for it, and when I do have time for it I kinda don't want to be in front of the computer, more than anything. I like to do physical things. Anything but be on a computer.
“I do love exercising. I do a lot of boxing; not so much the getting hit in the head, but the training for it I really enjoy.”
There are other misconceptions about pro gaming.
“I think that the biggest misconception about pro gamers and especially about this industry as a whole is that it's a bunch of geeks or nerds or something like that,” says Stemkoski. “We have such a diverse line-up of humans that play this game and compete professionally at it.”
“We had people that worked at McDonald's, we had people that were bodybuilders, we had people that play basketball, just every type of person. There are dog catchers that turned into professional video game players. This is not something like some of these other sports where, ‘Well, you have to be born this tall to do this'. No, anyone can do it.”
So where to now for eSport? Speaking to GamesIndustry International at Gamescom Riot Games co-founder Brandon Beck believes that the popularity of eSports could grow to the point where video games are actually played at the Olympics.
“We don't have our sights set on replacing soccer right now, but we definitely think that eSports has a place as a large, important, mainstream competitive activity,” he said. “I fundamentally believe that eSports will be an Olympic event in my lifetime.”
Plott and Stemkoski stop a few miles short of anything as monstrously optimistic as this, but both agree eSports are on the rise.
“It's gonna take some more time,” says Stemkoski. “Some places are starting to catch up, like China and Germany, and to a lesser extent Sweden. These places are starting to get more and more there. You need to get the word out, you need a lot of tournaments, and the more that you have the more people will see it and the more it'll be in the news.”
Plott picks up from Stemkoski.
“The way I would look at it is, are you familiar with dubstep?” he asks. “So like, dubstep started out in the UK and it's actually been around for a long period of time now. Imagine the UK is to dubstep what South Korea is to eSports.”
“ Imagine the UK is to dubstep what South Korea is to eSports.
“They had the right club scene, they had the right attitude; progressive, electronic music was taking over there. Nowadays everybody knows what dubstep is right, but it just took time for it to catch on. If you imagine video games as music, I feel like eventually there's just gonna be a point in time where this is kinda a genre of gaming that's just gonna take over everywhere.
“I mean, two years ago this was so niche outside of South Korea it was mind-boggling how long it took me to explain to anybody how big my job was. Now I've ping-ponged all over the globe, we're going to Germany right after this, and I would say I don't know whether it's going to be two years, five years or 10 years, it's gonna be a genre of gaming. “
Looking at just how heavily the likes of Black Ops II are becoming geared towards the competitive player, I'm inclined to agree. It's not going to matter if you or I are interested or not. Enough people are.
I leave to find the foul weather has knocked over a tree just outside the building. If a tree falls in the park and everyone is inside watching two men play StarCraft II, does it make a sound?
Apparently not.
While veteran Peter Neate's tournament was ended early, Andrew Pender came in as runner-up in the Australian National championship and was the overall winner of the Oceania Finals the following day. He and his fellow finalist will advance to the StarCraft II World Championship Series Global Final at the Battle.net World Championship in Shanghai, China in November.
Luke is Games Editor at IGN AU. You can chat to him about games, cars and other stuff on IGN here or find him and the rest of the Australian team by joining the IGN Australia Facebook community.
The Nationalist People's Coalition is the latest political party to express support for the incoming administration of president-elect Rodrigo Duterte
Published 8:30 PM, May 19, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – The Nationalist People's Coalition (NPC) is set to formally forge an alliance with the Partido Demokratiko Pilipino-Lakas ng Bayan (PDP-Laban), the political party of president-elect Rodrigo Duterte.
In an advisory sent to media, NPC – the country's second largest political party – said it will sign an "Agreement of Support" with the "administration of incoming President Rodrigo Duterte and Congressman Pantaleon Alvarez" on Friday, May 20.
NPC member and senator-elect Sherwin Gatchalian told Rappler that the agreement is to represent the "coalition between NPC and PDP-Laban" in the House of Representatives.
This alliance would ensure the backing of NPC lawmakers for Alvarez, who has been endorsed by PDP-Laban as next House Speaker.
Newly-elected Davao del Norte Representative Alvarez needs to secure the votes of more than 150 lawmakers.
'80 jumping ship'
Alvarez earlier said in a lunch gathering on Wednesday, May 18, that lawmakers from several parties and party lists partnering with PDP-Laban would make him win the speakership.
He also said that PDP-Laban is forming a coalition with 3 other parties – the NPC, Nacionalista Party (NP), and National Unity Party (NUP).
"When the 3 big parties coalesce, including party lists, [the number of lawmakers on our side] will be more than enough," Alvarez said in Filipino.
He also claimed that "no less than 80" lawmakers from different political parties will shift to PDP-Laban.
Meanwhile, Lakas-CMD president Martin Romualdez already signed documents during Wednesday's gathering to formalize his party's coalition with PDP-Laban. – Rappler.com
Showing a silver lining to end the long standing insurgency, the ULFA leaders on Friday declared for the first time that they do not want secession from India and would seek some sort of sovereignty within the constitutional framework.
In what may further reduce the remaining clout of commander-in-chief Paresh Baruah in Assam, ULFA's general secretary Anup Chetia would be joining the formal negotiations.
“We have been told by the Home Minister that Anup Chetia will return within weeks. He would be part of the formal negotiations that we are going to have anytime after August 15,” said ULFA's foreign secretary Sasadhar Chowdhury .
The announcement came soon after a seven member ULFA delegation led by chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa met Home Minister P Chidambaram and submitted their 12 point charter of demands.
ULFA is expected to sign suspension of operations agreement with the government and surrender their arms before starting the formal talks.
The charter of demands, on which ULFA wants to hold negotiations, calls for acknowledging ULFA's struggle and genuineness, constitutional and political arrangements aimed at protecting the identity and material resources of indigenous population, solving issues of illegal migration, ethnic issues, border disputes and encroachment and rights on natural resources and to engage in relationship with foreign countries.
“We have to negotiate within the framework of Constitution of India which is a sovereign instrument of India,” Chowdhury said explaining their idea of negotiations on the issue of sovereignty.
“But sovereignty does not mean separation from India,” he added.
The delegation, however, made clear that they would remain stiff on demands of settling the issue of illegal migrants and hoped that Paresh Baruah would also come and join them for peaceful settlement.
I have decided to start selling an updated 40th Anniversary shirt on redbubble myself, if you would like one, go here to get one now! www.redbubble.com/people/calic… . I will make a wallpaper of it soon.EDIT: Seeing as Joe Bolingbroke, AKA Goldkingranger1992 has decided to rip my artwork off and try to sell it online ( www.redbubble.com/people/jbtig… ), I'm now adding a watermark to the Super Sentai/Power Ranger Anniversary wallpapers. I don't like having to do this, but if this is what it comes to, then so be it. I'm sorry to everyone who wanted a clean version of these.I found a stylized version of the Power Rangers at Pixiv, (found here: www.pixiv.net/member_illust.ph… ) specifically the Tyranno Ranger/Red Mighty Morphin Ranger, and enjoyed it so much that I recreated it, and started working on the other Red Rangers as a anniversary tribute. I will probably update this as years ago along, but I will do small updates as I finish each design. Enjoy!Finished! From Aka Ranger to Kyoryu Red as well as the "unofficial" Akiba Red! This wallpaper is in 1920x1200 size, same as the Power Rangers wallpaper. If you want a different size, note me and I'll happily make the size that you want.Super Sentail are copyright of Toei.
How prophetic was George Washington when he defined the fundamental principle of political parties stated in his farewell address; “They serve to organize faction, to give it an artificial and extraordinary force; to put, in the place of the delegated will of the nation, the will of a party, often a small but artful and enterprising minority of the community; and, according to the alternate triumphs of different parties, to make the public administration the mirror of the ill-concerted and incongruous projects of faction…”
Literature provides even more frightening scenarios than Washington's prophecy with the Orwellian prediction that “…they adored the Party and everything connected with it... All their ferocity was turned outwards, against the enemies of the State…”
ADVERTISEMENT
Are we replacing the state with the party and blurring distinction between the state and the party? One only has to look in recent history's experience with the Soviet Union's Communist party, Germany's Nazi party and Italy's Fascist party. Can the state act in the best interest of the people when we cannot discern the difference between the state and the interest of the party? Do officials begin to make decisions in the best interest of the party and can the state function without the decadent corruption of party politics? Does propaganda begin to take hold to provide a facade for the preservation of the party?
Other political prophets provide more insight. Many of us have heard the statement “If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it.” This is attributed to the Nazi Reich Minister of Propaganda, Paul Joseph Goebbles. But, this was just a portion of the statement. Most of us have not heard the sentence which followed this famous quote: “The lie can be maintained only for such time as the State can shield the people from the political, economic and/or military consequences of the lie.”
In this next sentence Gobbles continued the political philosophy of modern media manipulation of those you are supposed to serve and the time dependence of the lie as it will eventually threaten the government's and the party's credibility.
Gobbles further stated that “It thus becomes vitally important for the State to use all of its powers to repress dissent, for the truth is the mortal enemy of the lie, and thus by extension, the truth is the greatest enemy of the State.”
Joseph Stalin realized the value of propaganda when he said “Print is the sharpest and the strongest weapon of our party.” The party and the state by extension need to divert attention away from the truth which threatens party control of the state.
But the party also hides behind “safety in numbers.” The party promotes collective responsibility and collective accountability. Therefore no one is responsible and no one is accountable. It is most apparent in the term “bipartisian.” The term is a fabrication of the political parties. It has no substantive meaning for the average citizen. This concept was developed to provide cover for a failed action which the political parties jointly supported. Therefore, there is no political responsibility, accountability or blame for “bipartisian” action.
In the 1930's many in Germany went along with the party and forgave minor infractions. By the time people admitted the truth, they had become complicit in the “minor infractions;” entrenched in the propaganda of the Nazi party; collectively guilty. Hannah Arendt adroitly observed how collective accountability provided an excuse for the propaganda and lack of accountability in the German Nazi Party “Where all are guilty, no one is, confessions of collective guilt are the best possible safeguard against the discovery of culprits, and the very magnitude of the crime the best excuse for doing nothing.”
In “Mafia Allies,” Tim Newark observed that “Outside the Socialist Party, Mussolini ‘felt lighter, fresher, I was free! I was better prepared to fight my battles than when I was bound by the dogma of any political organization.'”
Even Mussolini felt the pressures to conform to the party's coercion rather than perform while contained by the political party system. His observation is echoed by George Orwell in that “Nothing exists except an endless present in which the Party is always right.”
Chris Lowery writes in “Heroic Leadership” that “bad things happen — and heroism evaporates — when leadership becomes confused with surviving, getting ahead, or watching one's back.” Are “bad things” happening; is “leadership … confused with surviving, getting ahead, or watching one's back?” In today's government, how many times do our politicians invoke references to the political parties when discussing issues instead of invoking references to their constituents? Do the facts bore out how much our political “leaders” are confused with party survival, getting the party ahead in the next election or watching each party member's back?
Isn't it uncanny how within minutes of an event, party loyalists chant a parroted script for media broadcasts to the cult's devotees to divert attention, reinforce collective conformance and maintain party unity.
Madison put it simply in the Federalist Papers as “…the public good is disregarded in the conflicts of rival parties…”
Disturbing as each of these statements is, taken together they outline a calculated control of the many by the few of the political party to impose their will on the masses and make the masses support the faction of the few. Is this not what George Washington predicted over 200 ago about the effects on the government when the interest of political parties outweighs the interests of the people?
The separation of powers, a fundamental principle of the United States Constitution, between the Executive, Legislative and Judicial branches of government has been usurped with a separation of party loyalties across the branches of government by party devotion and conformance demands without regard to the politician's oath of office or their constitutional duties and responsibilities.
When did the transition occur that the demand for party loyalty outweighs the oath of office under the Constitution?
John DeMaggio is a retired Special Agent in Charge and retired Captain in the U.S. Navy. The above is the opinion of the author and is not meant to reflect the opinion of the U.S. Navy or the U.S. Government.
The views of contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
It came from the top and that's never been a secret. The president authorized the building of those CIA “black sites” and the use of what came to be known as “enhanced interrogation techniques” and has spoken of this with a certain pride. The president's top officials essentially put in an order at the Department of Justice for “legal” justifications that would, miraculously, transform those “techniques” into something other than torture. Its lawyers then pulled out their dictionaries and gave new meaning to tortured definitions of torture that could have come directly from the fused pens of Franz Kafka and George Orwell. In the process, they even managed to leave the definition of torture to the torturer. It was a performance for the ages.
Last week, former Vice President Dick Cheney, who only days after 9/11 claimed that the Bush administration was going to “work the dark side,” once again championed those techniques and the CIA agents who used them. It was a handy reminder of just what a would-be crew of tough-guy torture instigators he and his cohorts were. The legal veneer spread thinly over the program they set in motion was meant to provide only the faintest legal cover for the “gloves” they bragged about taking off, while obscuring the issue for the American public. After all, few in the rest of the world were likely to accept the idea that interrogation methods like waterboarding, or “the water torture” as it had once been known, were anything but torture. Even in this country, it had been accepted as just that. The Bush administration was, of course, helped in those years by a media that, when not cheerleading for torture, or actually lending the CIA a helpful hand, essentially banished the word from its vocabulary, unless it referred to heinously similar acts committed by countries we disliked.
All in all, it was an exercise in what the “last superpower,” the world's “policeman,” could get away with in the backrooms of its police stations being jerry-built around the world. And some of the techniques used with a particular brutality were evidently first demonstrated to top officials in the White House itself.
Then, of course, the CIA went out and applied those “enhanced techniques” to actual human beings with abandon, as the newly released (and somewhat redacted) executive summary of the Senate Intelligence Committee's “torture report” indicates. This was done even more severely than ordered (not that Cheney & Co. cared), including to a surprising number of captives that the CIA later decided were innocent of anything having to do with terror or al-Qaeda. All of this happened, despite a law this country signed onto prohibiting the use of torture abroad.
ORDER IT NOW
Although what I've just described is now generally considered The Torture Story here, it really was only part of it. The other part, also a CIA operation authorized at the highest levels, was “rendition” or “extraordinary rendition” as it was sometimes known. This was a global campaign of kidnappings, aided and abetted by 54 other countries, in which “terror suspects” (again often enough innocent people) were swept off the streets of major cities as well as the backlands of the planet and “rendered” to other countries, ranging from Libya and Syria to Egypt and Uzbekistan, places with their own handy torture chambers and interrogators already much practiced in “enhanced” techniques of one sort or another.
Moreover, those techniques migrated like a virus from the CIA and its “black sites” elsewhere in the U.S. imperium, most notoriously via Guantanamo to Abu Ghraib, the American-run prison in Iraq, where images of torture and abuse of a distinctly enhanced variety then migrated home as screensavers. What was done couldn't have been more criminal in nature, whether judged by U.S. or international law. In its wake, its perpetrators, both the torturers and the kidnappers, were protected in a major way. Except for a few low-level figures at Abu Ghraib and one non-torturing CIA whistleblower who went to prison for releasing to a journalist the name of someone involved in the torture program, no American figure, not even those responsible for deaths at the Agency's black sites, would be brought to court. And of course, the men (and woman) most responsible would leave the government to write their memoirs for millions of dollars and defend what they did to the death (of others).
It's one for the history books and, though it's a good thing to have the Senate report made public, it wasn't needed to know that, in the years after 9/11, when the U.S. government created an offshore Bermuda Triangle of injustice, it also essentially became a criminal enterprise. Recently, Republican hawks in Washington protested loudly against the release of that Senate report, suggesting that it should be suppressed lest it “inflame” our enemies. The real question isn't, however, about them at all, it's about us. Why won't the release of this report inflame Americans, given what their government has done in their names?
And in case you think it's all over but for the shouting, think again, as Rebecca Gordon,TomDispatch regular and author of Mainstreaming Torture: Ethical Approaches in the Post-9/11 United States writes today.
With the vote cast and Britain leaving the EU, it's hard to say what's going to happen. Ellis Rintoul takes a look at what people have been saying.
The new nuclear build in the UK, planned in order to replace our fleet of ageing nuclear reactors, is being controversially pioneered by the new pressurised water reactor at Hinkley Point C (HPC). It will be the first nuclear plant to be built in the UK in almost 20 years and is designed to provide about 7% of the UK's power [1]. Capital is being provided by EDF as well as China General Nuclear (CGN), who will take a 33.5% stake in the £18bn project for their troubles. CGN have also expressed their aims of following HPC up with an additional plant in Essex, using Chinese reactor technology and with EDF's support.
Two more plants have been proposed. One by NuGen to be located at Moorside using the Westinghouse Electric AP1000 design [2] and the other an advanced boiling water reactor situated on the Isle of Anglesey and constructed by Horizon Nuclear Power, a subsidiary of Hitachi [3]. So, will these plans come to fruition? HPC has been given the go ahead and the chairman of EDF, Jean-Bernard Lévy, has said in a statement following the referendum “Our business strategy is not linked to Great Britain's political affiliation with the European Union, so we have no reason to change it”. Horizon Nuclear CEO Duncan Hawthorne has declared that “New nuclear is vital for the UK's future electricity mix and so today's announcement on Hinkley Point C is good news for the country's security of supply and clean energy needs” [3]. NuGen are waiting for the AP1000 design's final approval in the UK before taking a final investment decision. A spokesperson for NuGen has however expressed their continued support the project and that “NuGen's shareholders, Toshiba and ENGIE, remain committed to taking forward Moorside – Europe's largest new nuclear power station – to produce and sell power to the UK grid. We firmly believe the case for new nuclear power stations for the UK is compelling, and unchanged as a result of the referendum.” [4]
To me, these statements by the three show a continued support of our nuclear industry. Andrea Leadsom, the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has also reiterated the UK's commitments to decarbonisation of our energy supply [5]. There are other hurdles, however. The European Commission has ruled that withdrawal from the EU would also come with automatic withdrawal from the Euratom treaty which could have major implications for our nuclear industry [6]. The Euratom treaty was created in 1957 and is governed by EU institutions while still being, legally speaking, a separate entity. It covers all civil nuclear activities including things such as the supply of ores, source materials and special nuclear materials inside the EU community [7].
It's hard to tell what exactly the effect of renegotiating something like this may be. It's possible that contracts already in place would remain unaffected by the UK exit of Euratom, but it's impossible to tell until Article 50 is triggered. Furthermore, problems could arise with having to renegotiate the US's nuclear cooperation with us as it comes via their arrangement with Euratom under the 123 agreement.
While the view of groups wishing to invest in the UK nuclear industry look positive, people such as Fiona Reilly, PwC's global head of nuclear capital projects and infrastructure would disagree. Fiona commented that leaving the EU “Could have significant impact on our nuclear programme” and that “Ongoing uncertainty in the market, at least in the short term, could affect access to capital and investors confidence in what is already a limited trading arena” [8]. And that was only addressing nuclear industry! What of our research? The UK Atomic Energy Authority (UKAEA) receives £55m annually from European funding and Professor Steve Cowley, CEO of the UKAEA, has expressed fears that this may be lost [9]. He said groups such as the Joint European Torus (JET), located in Oxfordshire, may have to shrink if funding is lost and that “After [Brexit] we will lose our influence, we will lose our capability to argue for it, and eventually the EU will put the experiments in this area of science in other places.”
Either way Brexit does not necessarily spell doom and gloom for the UK nuclear industry. With HPC given the go-ahead and investors still seeming keen to build new and innovative plants in the UK there could still be hope for a country that once led the worlds in terms of civil nuclear technology.
[1] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-36897180
[2] http://www.nugeneration.com/moorside.html
[3] http://www.horizonnuclearpower.com/
[4] http://www.itv.com/news/border/update/2016-06-27/moorside-nuclear-plant-plans-unchanged-following-brexit/
[5] https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/realising-the-vision-for-a-new-fleet-of-nuclear-power-stations
[6] https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/sep/27/brexit-could-trigger-uk-departure-from-nuclear-energy-treaty
[7] http://ec.europa.eu/euratom/index.html
[8] http://pwc.blogs.com/press_room/2016/06/eu-referendum-pwc-comments-on-the-impact-on-the-energy-industry.html
[9] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-oxfordshire-36288657
A pharmacy in the city of Berehove with signs in Hungarian and Ukrainian. Anton Skyba
The region's population of 1.3 million is a mixture of all the bordering nationalities, plus Ukrainians, Russians, Ruthenians and a large population of Roma. In the regional capital's squares and cobblestoned streets, it's as common to hear Hungarian as it is Russian or Ukrainian. Bilingual signs can be found across the region, particularly in areas where there is a heavy concentration of one group.
Some in the region say that through a campaign of embellished and often outright fabricated news reports, the Kremlin has tried to paint a picture of frustration and distress among Ukraine's minority groups living under an unsympathetic far-right nationalist government in Kiev.
The most recent example of this is a mid-March report aired on a popular Kremlin-owned channel claiming that some 10,000 Ruthenians, an eastern Slavic people with a large concentration in Transcarpathia, convened a congress and were demanding autonomy.
Prokup, a Ruthenian and the director of a local Ruthenian choir, Babchyna Spivanka, never heard of the meeting. Nor had the de facto leader of the Ruthenian community, Yevhan Zhupan, until he received a frantic phone call from a friend the night of the report.
Prokup and Zhupan said there was no meeting of thousands of members of the close-knit Ruthenian community in March and no call for autonomy. The report was simply made up, just as a similar one was the year before, Zhupan said.
“This wasn't the first provocation from Russia in our region,” said Zhupan, the head of the Carpatho-Rusyns People's Council, an umbrella organization representing more than 90 percent of the Ruthenian cultural and advocacy groups in this mountainous enclave. “It was only the latest one, and I'm afraid it won't be the last.”
The reports are a familiar tactic used by the Kremlin-controlled media and social media trolls. Kiev and the West have accused Moscow of using information warfare to fuel the separatist movement, first in Crimea and then in eastern Ukraine.
“The strategy is to show that there is a lot of unhappiness in Ukraine and to show the Ukrainian authorities are incapable,” said Margo Gontar, the editor and a co-founder of StopFake.com, a fact-checking project developed last year that aims to counter Russian propaganda. “If everything appears to be falling apart, an impression is created that Ukraine is not really a working state.”
In Transcarpathia, most people seem to have dismissed the provocative reports.
“Less than 1 percent of the population paid any attention to such stories,” said Volodymyr Chubirko, a Ruthenian and the head of the Transcarpathia regional council. “We don't need outside players interfering in our internal affairs. Nobody is interested in a situation like they have in Donetsk or Luhansk now.”
The conflict in the east has claimed more than 6,000 lives and destroyed much of the industrial region's infrastructure and economy. A fragile cease-fire is barely holding.
Like the rest of the country, Transcarpathia has felt the effects of the war, raging some 900 miles away. Thousands of young men have been mobilized to serve in Kiev's forces against the separatists. The draft has not always been popular among the region's minorities.
How to contribute to Leverj Token Sale using MyEtherWallet(MEW)
Nirmal Gupta Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 7, 2017
Pre-requisite:
First visit https://register.leverj.io to register for token sale.
You will be asked to provide your name, email, country of residence and Ethereum address.
Using MyEtherWallet:
Now visit https://www.myetherwallet.com/#send-transaction and choose your wallet.
2. You will be presented with the following screen:
Fields Input:
To Address: 0xf2Fbb2939981594e25d93e6226231FcC1b01718e or leverjico.eth
Amount to Send: desired Ether amount. E.g., 20 for 20 ETH
Gas Limit: 300000 (don't worry, all the gas will not be used.)
Next, click on +Advanced: Add Data
Enter in Data: 0x3290ce29
Your screen should look something like this example below:
Double check all fields for accuracy, then click Generate Transaction and Send Transaction.
Mobile Wallets
Any mobile wallet which supports advanced settings with “Data” field can be used.
Your mobile phone's camera can capture our QR code (see below).
Alternatively, https://etherscan.io/address/leverjico.eth can be used for Token Sale Contract address.
For convenience you can use following QR code for address field:
Use 300000 Gas Limit and 0x3290ce29 for data.
Jaxx Wallet example:
Summary:
After registering for token sale, send Ether contribution to address 0xf2Fbb2939981594e25d93e6226231FcC1b01718e with Data field set to 0x3290ce29.
Data MUST be set to 0x3290ce29 for successful transaction.
Want to learn more?
You'd think it was the name of a superhero, but the Planetary Protection Officer doesn't wear a cape or work in a secret underground lair. The most devious villains encountered by NASA's Planetary Protection Office are microscopic creatures that live in pond water and vaguely resemble inflatable bears. Though the office is tasked with protecting Earth from alien threats (for instance, from samples brought home from outer space), its primary purpose is to save the rest of the solar system from us.
Life is messy. It gets everywhere. On Earth, every niche we've found where liquid water is even intermittently present is positively teeming with the stuff. Microbes swarm in drops of water, tiny arachnids burrow in your eyelash follicles (sorry), and super-hardy creatures known as extremophiles make their homes in seemingly hostile habitats such as frozen glaciers and deep-sea volcanic vents.
By flourishing so well where we'd least expect them on Earth, these extremophiles give us hope for finding life in the unfriendly conditions of the outer Solar System. But they also present a problem.
Recommended Cassini's final Saturn plunge approaches Space
With our intrepid microbial menagerie always present, when we humans build and send out a spacecraft to look for life, we risk contaminating the very environment we're trying to study. Aside from being generally impolite and perhaps setting off an extremely small-scale war of the worlds, contamination like this could make it hard to tell if any life we detect is really alien.
This is where planetary protection comes in. Article IX of the Outer Space Treaty, drawn up by the United Nations' Office for Outer Space Affairs and to which 107 nations are party, asserts that space exploration should avoid “harmful contamination” of other space bodies. Whenever an agency such as NASA sends a probe out into the universe, non-contamination guidelines require sterilisation procedures appropriate to the probe's ultimate destination. The rules are significantly stricter for a lander than an orbiter, and even more rigorous if the landing site is thought to have a high chance of hosting life. The Planetary Protection Officer oversees the process.
It can have frustrating consequences for exploration. Planetary protection is part of the reason for NASA plunging its Cassini spacecraft into Saturn's atmosphere, vaporising it in a blaze of glory. Cassini was never meant to be a lander; but Saturn has moons with liquid water, such as Enceladus, that are considered some of the best bets for the possibility of alien life in the Solar System. If Cassini hadn't burned up, it might at some point crash into one of those moons, potentially wrecking whatever biosphere that moon might contain.
Similar concerns have prevented anyone from sending landers to regions on the surface of Mars that appear to have intermittent seepage of liquid water, where chances for life might be high. No matter how hard we try to completely sterilise a spacecraft, there's always some chance a tiny Earth denizen might be clinging on.
Some of those microscopic explorers have proven incredibly hard to get rid of. The tiny tardigrade, also known as a water bear, for example, is an eight-clawed aquatic animal that grows to a maximum length of about one millimetre and sort of looks like a cross between a monochrome panda and an air mattress.
Recommended Could there be life in Titan's methane sea? Space
Tardigrades have long been known to survive extreme temperatures, hard radiation and even the vacuum of space. When water isn't present, they can shrivel up and wait it out in a dormant state for up to a decade, or perhaps – according to some researchers – even centuries.
While tardigrade habitats are usually far from spacecraft labs, it is conceivable one could stick to a shoe or blow around on the breeze; and there may be other tiny extremophiles we haven't yet catalogued hitching rides into space.
When humans eventually walk on the surface of Mars, sterilising everything will be impossible. It may be that, at that point, all hope of avoiding contamination will be lost.
In the meantime, the Office of Planetary Protection is here to look out for our fellow citizens of the cosmos, even if it does mean we have to say goodbye to our favourite robotic explorers a little sooner than we'd hoped.
