Conservative senators are warding off a renewed push for a free vote on same-sex marriage for Liberal MPs, warning it would lead to chaos and fail anyway in the party room.
But prominent Liberal MP Alex Hawke, who does not support same-sex marriage, is calling for a conscience vote, saying a showdown is the "only way" to resolve the issue.
Assistant Minister to the Treasurer Alex Hawke. Credit:Andrew Meares
Liberal MPs will need to make a decision on same-sex marriage in the new year, with Liberal Democratic Party senator David Leyonhjelm introducing his marriage equality bill to the Senate on Wednesday evening.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott - who is a strong opponent of same-sex marriage - has repeatedly said that the issue of a free vote on the matter would be a matter for the post-2013 election Liberal Party room.
Alleged key Witness in Las Vegas Massacre Kills Himself and Daughter After FBI Raid
At this time, it is unknown whether the information regarding John Beilman's connection to the Las Vegas mass shooting as a key witness is true or false. It is being provided for informational purposes only.
According to the website Neon Nettle, a key witness in the tragic Las Vegas mass shooting has killed himself and his disabled daughter following a raid by the FBI at his home.
The man's name is John Beilman and he was allegedly wanted for questioning in connection with a device discovered in Stephen Paddock's Mandalay Bay hotel room.
Neon Nettle reports sources close to the investigation revealed federal agents obtained a search warrant and raided Beilman's Fairport home the day before he killed his daughter and himself with a 12-gauge shotgun.
Nicole Beilman, John Beilman's 27-year old daughter, had a rare neurological disorder called Rett Syndrome. She depended on her parents for personal care.
According to a report on The Impious Digest, authorities discovered a suspicious cell phone charger in the Vegas shooter's hotel room at the Mandalay Bay. The charger was reported to have no accompanying phone, but technology experts identified that this type of charger is used to power a CP502520 3.0V 600mAh Li-MnO2 non-rechargeable thin cell battery, which is allegedly often times used in U.S. special forces and other covert government communication devices.
This unique lithium battery is produced by a New York based company, Ultralife Corporation, which specializes in military-grade communication systems for the Pentagon. Coincidentally, its lead development engineer was reported to be John Beilman.
On his LinkedIn profile, Beilman described himself as a "product design and manufacturing professional." He was employed at Ultralife Corporation between 2007-2012 where he reportedly worked on various top secret U.S. military projects. After he left the corporation, he became an engineer at the General Motors Research Facility in Rochester, New York.
CRESCENT CITY, CA— Growing up queer in a remote Northern California town of just 7,500 people, I experienced firsthand how a rural school can fail to meet the needs of LGBTQ students. It's a failure with dire consequences.
I experienced abuse in a relationship for the first time at age 13, in part because I lacked any knowledge of what it means to consent. And without healthy queer relationships to model, I presumed my partner's manipulations were normal. Suffering abuse, dealing with intolerance in my community and lacking any institutional support to speak of, I developed some unhealthy coping mechanisms: I was self-medicating by age 14, and self-harming at 15. At the time, I hated myself and was feeling ashamed. In an attempt to leave Del Norte, I had my first experience in sex work at 16, with a man three times my age.
Advertisement
Sadly, this ripple effect is not altogether uncommon among LGBTQ youth, especially for those of us living in geographically and culturally isolated areas. When we don't see ourselves reflected in the world around us, when we are systematically marginalized and when our very identities are painted as deviant, we can become that self-fulfilling prophecy.
California took a positive step toward addressing the problem with the passage of AB 329, otherwise known as the California Healthy Youth Act, late last year. The bill expanded on existing law to ensure that students will receive “comprehensive” sex education, including “affirmative” examples of same-sex relationships and education about gender identity.
But how will it actually play out in the classroom? If taken seriously and applied thoughtfully, the new law could make a huge difference in the lives of queer youth, especially those living in rural communities. So, I went to my local high school, Del Norte High, to ask queer students: What would you like to see covered in your new, “comprehensive” sex-ed classes? This is what they told me:
Advertisement
Healthy relationships are learned, so teach us.
“I have a lot of friends who I've experienced abuse with and I haven't always known how to get away from it or deal with it,” said Andria Algis, 14. “I just don't think a lot of kids today understand [consent]. I think a lot of the kids today who are abusive don't even realize it. They don't see what they're doing.”
Advertisement
An effective sex-ed curriculum, suggested Algis, would also include concrete tips and tools to empower students to feel more in control of their lives.
“[I want to] talk about manipulative relationships, come up with ways to eliminate [that], control the situation or end those friendships,” she said. “We need positive and different solutions as to how to remove toxic people from our lives.”
2. We need to talk about gender identity and preferred pronouns.
Advertisement
Roughly 50% of young adults now believe that gender should not be limited to the traditional categories of male and female, according to a recent Fusion poll, and more and more young people are choosing to identify themselves with pronouns that are gender neutral, or non-conforming.
“A big thing, in my opinion, would be that when [teachers] talk about a person with a uterus or with a vagina, that they wouldn't say ‘girl' or ‘woman,'” said Bennette Durkee, a 15-year-old transgender student. “They would say ‘person with'… whatever body part they were talking about.”
Durkee said he is routinely identified incorrectly by staff and students. “I'll tell them on the first day to call me this name, these pronouns, and then they don't,” said Durkee. “They might remember the name, but they don't use the right pronouns.”
Advertisement
3. We need a truly LGBTQ-inclusive curriculum.
Nearly 8 in 10 queer students have experienced harassment at school, according to the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network. And students who experience bullying are more likely to develop anxiety, depression and other mental health issues.
Advertisement
Willow Rodgers, 15, believes LGBTQ-inclusive curriculum can go a long way toward increasing awareness—and decreasing harassment—at schools, but only if it's given the importance it deserves.
“In some towns and cities there are centers solely for [LGBTQ] counseling and education, but here [in Del Norte] the only thing we have might be one occasional line in sex ed class,” said Rodgers, who identifies as “gender fluid” but uses the pronouns “she” and “her” because she says it's easier.
“Teachers are like our parents away from home… and they should teach inclusiveness,” she continued. “It could make the school a safer placed for LGBTQ students. If you start talking with a child soon enough, I think the whole problem could just disappear.”
Advertisement
4. Let's talk about sexual identities. All of them.
Shayla Austin, 15, identifies as asexual: a person who does not experience sexual attraction. Misinformation about asexuality, she said, contributes to the insecurities and stress that asexuals often experience around relationships.
Advertisement
“Sometimes asexual people feel like they need to have sex with their partner because they don't want their partner to get tired of them and leave them. Especially because the asexual person can feel bad about that, so they'll give in and do what their partner wants.”
Research suggests that validation of student sexual identities could help stem the tide of LGBTQ school push-out, a term used to describe queer students who feel pressured to leave school prematurely before graduation.
“When I'm not included it makes me feel wrong for who I am," said Austin, "and that I'm not really who I am.”
Advertisement
5. Can we get some gender equality?
Having sex educators who are informed and comfortable speaking about female experiences is of vital importance to 15-year-old Zoe Critz.
Advertisement
“I feel like they focused more on the male anatomy than female anatomy, and were almost squeamish in talking about female anatomy,” she said. “They showed the inside stuff and not actually what it looks like; then they'll literally have a picture of a dick up.”
As a result, added Critz: “I can feel confused because when I'm in a relationship with a girl, I'll be terrified that I don't know anything about anything, and that makes me stressed out.”
This content was made possible by a grant from The California Endowment and produced independently by Fusion's Rise Up: Be Heard Journalism Fellows.
Advertisement
All photos via Jacob Patterson
Jacob Patterson is a Queer activist with a passion for social justice, gender equality, and storytelling through digital media. Hailing from rural Crescent City, California, she returned to Del Norte County and Adjacent Tribal Lands after exploring her love for travel and volunteer work abroad. Since her return, she has begun community organizing, focusing on outreach work with youth, particularly women, girls, and members of the LGBTQ community. Currently a Youth Leader with the Opportunity Youth Initiative, she is working towards addressing youth disengagement in education and the local workforce. Jacob serves on Coastal Connections Youth Center Council, and facilitates a local community group, Gender Talk, with the mission of providing education, information, and support to all on issues of social disparities—work that takes form in weekly radio broadcasts, print publications, and video productions. Reporting interests for Jacob include equitable sex education, body autonomy, the BLM movement, indigenous peoples' rights, domestic violence prevention, immigration reform, universal health care access, and creating safe spaces for Femme, Queer, and Trans bodies. When Jacob is not working on a campaign or out smashing the patriarchy, she is at home playing with her three dogs.
Adobe Photoshop Creative Cloud (CC), despite any misgivings that you might have about Adobe's shift to a subscription-based software-as-a-service (SaaS) business model, is the best image editor in the world. It takes the strong legacy left behind by CS5, which introduced Content-Aware Fill and Refine Edge, the performance boosts and interface improvements introduced in CS6, and adds its own set of killer features and performance tweaks. If you thought that Content-Aware Fill was awesome, the new Smart Sharpen, Shake Reduction, and Camera Raw filters will blow your mind.
Today we're going to look at Shake Reduction, which can almost eliminate blurriness caused by most kinds of camera motion (linear, rotational, zigzag, and arc-shaped motion). In short, this means that most blur caused by telephoto lenses, or indoor photos of still objects taken with a slow shutter speed and no flash, can be rectified by Shake Reduction. As you can see in the video below, where the subject itself is moving, the efficacy of Shake Reduction is significantly impaired.
How Shake Reduction works
Like most of Adobe's recent feature additions, such as the Content-Aware tools and Refine Edge, most of the magic is performed by some very clever computer vision algorithms. These algorithms analyze your photos with incredible depth, looking for edges, patterns, and objects. Shake Reduction, in essence, looks for the ghosting in your picture, probably via edge detection, and then reconstructs the path that your camera took during the exposure. As an example, one of the most common kinds of cameras shake, linear, is caused by the whole camera moving downwards as you push down on the shutter button. This causes very characteristic ghosting, which can then backtracked and “compressed” into a de-blurred image. The same method can be used on rotational, zigzag, and arc-shaped motion, as long as Adobe's algorithm can successfully work out which kind of blur afflicts your photo.
As you can see in the video above, and in the sample images at the top of the story (larger) and below, Shake Reduction never removes all of the blur caused by camera shake, but it does a damn good job of it in some cases. You won't be using shake-reduced photos in magazines, but it's still a very powerful tool for recovering blurry holiday snaps, or sharpening the occasional product photo that's just a little too blurry.
Now read: Bring out the GIMP: Adobe Photoshop and Creative Suite to become subscription-only
CTV Atlantic
Hundreds of bikers from across Eastern Canada rolled into Moncton on Monday to share one more ride, and remember a fellow biker who loved the open road.
Erin Robertson's family has been left reeling after she was killed in a collision on her motorbike last week.
“She often said, ‘Mom, if I die on my bike, I'll die a happy girl,'” said Robertson's mother, Judy Robertson.
The crash happened just days after Robertson wrapped up one of many Maritime road trips.
“On the day she passed, we went to Young's Cove, Cole's Island,” said Robertson's husband, Tony LeBlanc. “It was a great memory and we had a great day. It was a fantastic day. We were happy, she was so happy.”
Robertson had participated in several funeral bike rallies in the past, but this time, it was being held for her.
“She wanted to do something, and something should be done to make people aware they are on the road, and cars have to share the road with them,” said Judy Robertson. “She would have loved to have been here today to go on the run.”
The close-knit biking community extended beyond Erin's circle of friends, drawing more than 300 riders to Moncton to drive in her honour.
But they did so with a message.
“It's always back to the safety aspect of it,” said bike Amos Ward. “That's what we're really here for. To show the public the safety involved, motorcycles are vulnerable. You don't have a lot of protection on them.”
“I have it happen every day,” said friend Richard Wilson. “This past weekend, I had a camper pull in while I was taking a turn into Riverview, and I got pushed within a foot of the curb.”
Those attending say Erin's memory will serve as a sober reminder of the risks thousands face every day when they get on their bikes.
“Just make sure you have a second look,” said Wilson. “Bikes can be invisible, almost, because we're a third or a fourth of the size of a different vehicle.”
With files from CTV Atlantic's Cami Kepke.
Background for those who are late to this topic: it's completely true that we were cryptic in our response on the webinar just two weeks ago. However, our intention was simple: don't announce anything that we are not yet ready to deliver.
On a similar note, we also wanted to be certain that everyone understands the difference between unlocked devices and carrier-locked phones. The latter is what ZTE primarily sells at the moment, and these devices will never have any bootloader unlocking support. The former, however, is where ZTE has started gaining experience in the US market, namely with the debut of the Axon product line just last year.
With Z-Community's launch two months ago (happy anniversary!), we stand committed to our customers - listening to what you value and want from an unlocked flagship device. While we are still new at the unlocked device market in the US, our goal is to make large strides with you to drive product features, functionality, and yes bootloader unlocking for unlocked devices.
To wrap up this thread, this topic has been discussed so many times that I've been dreaming of it lately. But to be certain, I'm not just dreaming about it, and neither should you. Get it? Got it? Good!
Former GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson said on Sunday that Donald Trump's stance on the deportation of illegal aliens is similar to Bill Clinton's when he was president.
“What hypocrisy. What incredible hypocrisy,” Carson told “Fox News Sunday” host Chris Wallace, claiming that Trump is held to a different standard regarding his position on the illegal immigration issue.
Carson, a retired neurosurgeon who is a Trump surrogate, pointed to Clinton's 1995 “State of the Union” speech in which he received a standing ovation after calling for the deportation of illegal aliens from the U.S.
“Go back and look at the 1995 ‘State of the Union' address by Bill Clinton and see what he said,” Carson told Wallace.
“He says basically the same thing, but when he says it, ‘Wow!' Great standing ovation. ‘This is a great president!' When Trump says it, it's ‘hate speech,'” said Carson.
In his remarks, Clinton said that Americans had a right to oppose illegal immigration. Illegal aliens take jobs from Americans and “impose burdens” on taxpayers by taking welfare benefits, he said.
“All Americans, not only in the states most heavily affected but in every place in this country, are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our country,” Clinton said during the speech. “The jobs they hold might otherwise be held by citizens or legal immigrants. The public service they use impose burdens on our taxpayers.”
‘That's why our administration has moved aggressively to secure our borders more by hiring a record number of new border guards, by deporting twice as many criminal aliens as ever before, by cracking down on illegal hiring, by barring welfare benefits to illegal aliens,” he continued.
Clinton went on to assure Congress that in his forthcoming budget proposal he would “try to do more to speed the deportation of illegal aliens who are arrested for crimes, to better identify illegal aliens in the workplace as recommended by the commission headed by former Congresswoman Barbara Jordan.”
Jordan, a black Democrat from Texas, was a staunch opponent of illegal immigration. From 1994 until her death two years later, she chaired the U.S. Commission on Immigration Reform. The group sought more restrictions on immigration and called for deportation of illegal aliens and more penalties for employers who employed illegal aliens.
Clinton ended his remarks on illegal immigration to a standing ovation from lawmakers, saying:
We are a nation of immigrants. But we are also a nation of laws. It is wrong and ultimately self-defeating for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws we have seen in recent years, and we must do more to stop it.
WATCH:
Follow Chuck on Twitter
In recent news beloved artist Ellie Goulding has opened up to her fans to publicly announce her sad news that she will be leaving music for some time. After splitting up with her boyfriend of two years Dougie Poynter, Goulding needs to take some much-needed time to herself to mend a broken heart. Conflicting work schedules is pointed to be the troubling issue that lead to the unfortunate breakup occurring. It is for this reason Goulding has decided to take some time away from music to relax and clear her head. She is currently on her Delirium tour, which has been a great distraction for her during this sore time; and upon conclusion of her tour she will say her farewells. She cannot put a time stamp on when she will make her return, but whenever she does there will be a warm welcome waiting for her. Till then we wish you all the best!
Follow Ellie Goulding:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
SoundCloud
Youtube
Source: edmtunes.com
Photo source: songkle1.blogspot.com
© US Army/Wikipedia
More than half the cases in the military justice system involve child victims of sex assault, according to an investigation by Associated Press. This has raised questions about the transparency of military courts.With information obtained through the Freedom of Information Act, AP uncovered that out of the 1,233 inmates in US military prisons, 61 percent were convicted of sex crimes.The military justice system operates independently from federal and state criminal courts. The US Constitution requires openness in civilian judiciary, which is why trials and court filings are open to the public, as a way of providing accountability.The military judiciary is much less transparent, however, and acquiring full accounting of perpetrators' crimes and sentencing is difficult. The most that the public can generally hope to see is a brief summary of the results of the trial. Records for most federal court cases are available online via the Public Access to Court Electronic Records.To obtain records from military trials, on the other hand, a request must be made through the Freedom of Information Act,. CIn January, a military Judge found Chief Warrant Officer Daniel E. DeSmit of the US Marine Corps guilty of several sex offenses. He had spent $36,000 producing and viewing child pornography over a period of six years. DeSmit, 44, was sentenced to 144 years in prison, but. AP asked for the investigative report in DeSmit's case, but their Freedom of Information Act request was initially rejected on privacy grounds. The report was only release after AP appealed.While the Army, Marine Corps and Navy have recently begun including references to plea deals in trial summaries, the Air Force still does not. In civilian courts, there are minimum sentences that are mandated by the federal government for sex crimes. This includes 15 years for child sex trafficking, or 30 years for engaging in a sex act with a child under the age of 12.While the Department of Justice maintains a federal registry for civilians that can be viewed by the public, and many similar systems exist on the state level, there is no equivalent database documenting the sex crimes of service members.Exacerbating these transparency problems is the fact that, which Congress and the Department of Defense have focused on preventing and prosecuting.Department of Defense officials, however, said that such a high proportion of military prisoners are child sex abusers because judges and juries view the crimes as particularly heinous and impose longer sentences. They also said that military prosecutors pursue cases that civil prosecutors would never take to court, and the startlingly high number of convicted pedophiles in the military reflects this.
BY: Follow @BillGertz
The Obama administration recently notified Congress that it has agreed to license exports of sensitive U.S. space technology to China from a U.S. company that was fined in the past for illegally supplying space support that improved Chinese ballistic missiles.
The State Department's Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, the unit that licenses exports of sensitive technology, notified House and Senate leaders on Wednesday of plans to go ahead with an export license for a deal between Space Systems/Loral and AsiaSat, a company owned in part by a Chinese state-run investment company linked to past satellite deals in the 1990s.
Additionally, U.S. government reports indicate that China's People's Liberation Army, which is currently engaged in a major space warfare program that involves anti-satellite missiles and lasers, used AsiaSat communications satellites in the past.
An intelligence report produced by the National Air and Space Intelligence Center stated that AsiaSat satellites were used by the People's Liberation Army for military-related communications.
Congressional investigators who have been probing the Loral-AsiaSat deal since earlier this year is questioning whether it is legal under U.S. export laws and restrictions on transfers to China.
Documents obtained by the Free Beacon reveal that the Obama administration appeared to ignore two U.S. laws prohibiting space cooperation with China. They include sanctions against selling military goods to China imposed after the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre by Chinese military forces, and a 1999 law requiring all space exports to China to be treated as military transfers.
The State Department justified its approval of the Loral license as permitted under the 1992 U.S.-Hong Kong Policy Act, which the department said exempts Hong Kong from other U.S. laws restricting exports of space technology and defense goods to China. The British colony reverted to Beijing control in 1997.
Investigators determined that AsiaSat is owned under a joint venture between General Electric Co. and state-owned China International Trust and Investment Corporation (CITIC). The two companies set up AsiaSat in the British Virgin Islands and named it Bowenvale Ltd.
GE's plan to create the joint venture as a 50-50 ownership structure was opposed by State's Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance in 2007. Instead the ownership was structured so that GE and CITIC each owned 37.2 percent, with the remaining 25.6 percent ownership sold as stock on the Hong Kong exchange.
The State Department opposed the 50-50 ownership split over concerns it could give China a potential controlling interest.
However, congressional investigators also learned in June that AsiaSat plans to privatize the publicly held portion of the company in an apparent bid to avoid regulatory sanctions and compliance obligations of public companies.
The State Department told investigators in response that it held discussions with AsiaSat and agreed AsiaSat would not allow the privatized stock shares to be purchased by Chinese or other entities restricted from gaining access to U.S. space technology.
David S. Adams, assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs, stated in a July 18 letter to Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Sen. John Kerry and House Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and their minority counterparts that unless Congress objects, the export license will be issued for the $263.4 million deal between Loral and Asia Satellite Telecommunications Co., Ltd (AsiaSat) and its Hong Kong representative, Barry Turner, a Canadian resident of Hong Kong. Thailand's Thaicom Public Co., Ltd. also is part of the deal.
Congress has 28 days to decide whether or not to block the sale.
A spokesman for the House Foreign Affairs Committee said the panel is reviewing the notification. A Kerry spokeswoman had no immediate comment.
Loral spokeswoman Wendy Lewis said: "Space Systems/Loral is very rigorous in our compliance with export control regulations."
According to U.S. officials, the export license will permit the transfer of what the congressional notification describes as "defense articles, including technical data, and defense services necessary for the post-preliminary design review design, manufacturing and delivery phases of AsiaSat 6 commercial communications satellite program."
The satellite will provide commercial communications for India, Philippines, Australia, New Zealand, Indonesia, and China, and the Pacific region.
According to congressional investigators, the State Department also sought to dismiss concerns about the Chinese military's use of AsiaSat satellites. A department official stated that if the AsiaSat communications satellite is commercial in nature and had no military-hosted payload, it is not viewed as having "military-related purposes," and thus U.S. space cooperation would not be banned under U.S. laws.
Only if intelligence data showed that AsiaSat had allowed the Chinese military to put payloads on its satellites would enforcement action be taken, the State official said.
The license to AsiaSat is being carried out under the Arms Export Control Act, and is part of the Obama administration program of seeking a major loosening of export controls of sensitive technology.
Critics opposed to loosening export controls have said the new policy will help China's large-scale military buildup, specifically its space warfare programs.
A joint State Department-Pentagon report made public in April warned that U.S. plans to loosen controls on satellite exports will boost China's space warfare capabilities.
Because of close ties between Chinese civilian and military space development, there is a "high likelihood that space-related items and technology will be diverted from a civil use and applied to military programs," under relaxed U.S. export controls, the report said.
"As China advances in operational space capabilities, it is actively focusing on how to destroy, disrupt, or deny U.S. access to our own space assets," the report said.
The report said China is building several new classes of offensive missiles, upgrading older missile systems, and "developing space-based methods to counter ballistic missile defenses of the United States and our allies, including anti-satellite (ASAT) weapons."
Regarding space technology transfer, the report said: "Inadvertent or deliberate transfer of space-related expertise poses the most significant potential harm to U.S. national interests."
Richard Fisher, a specialist on Chinese military affairs, said he is opposed to loosening controls on space technology transfer to China.
"We do not have a required level of transparency with China's overall space program to be relaxing rules sufficient to enable commercial cooperation," said Fisher, with the International Assessment and Strategy Center.
"We are still not able to assure that U.S. technology will somehow assist some future Chinese space weapon," he said. "China still laughs at our efforts to promote such transparency."
Congressional investigators said both CITIC and AsiaSat were involved in the strategic compromise of U.S. missile technology that grew out of satellite launch and space cooperation between U.S. companies and China in the 1990s.
For example, a representative of CITIC, Wang Jun, met at the White House on Feb. 6, 1996—the same day that then-President Clinton approved the launch of four U.S. satellites on Chinese rockets.
Records at the time also revealed that Loral chairman Bernard L. Schwartz gave large donations to the Democratic Party, including $15,000 to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee on Feb. 15, 1996—just over a week after Clinton approved the satellite launches in China. On Feb. 29, 1996, Schwartz gave $50,000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
The satellite launches were the first step in the ill-fated technology transfer that made Chinese intercontinental ballistic missile more reliable.
Eight days after the satellite launches were approved, a Chinese launcher carrying a Loral satellite blew up on launch and destroyed a nearby Chinese village.
The launch failure investigation over the next several months led to the improper sharing of restricted U.S. missile technology.
Several officials opposed to the license say it appears to reward a U.S. company that was linked by Congress to the loss of U.S. strategic missile technology to China as a result illegal missile-related space technology sharing following a series of Chinese space launch failures in the late 1990s.
As a result of that compromise, Congress in 1999 passed legislation that forced the administration to treat U.S. satellite exports and space technology cooperation as military and defense exports.
The two companies involved in the illicit space cooperation were Loral Space and Communications Co. that owns Space Systems/Loral, and Hughes Electronics Corp. In 2002, Loral was fined $14 million for the illegal exports; Hughes was fined $32 million in 2003 for its role in the transfer. A Pentagon technology security report on the tech transfer concluded that "the significant benefits derived by China from these activities are likely to lead to improvements in the overall reliability of their launch vehicles [i.e., rockets] and ballistic missiles and in particular their guidance systems."
Alonso explains Benitez falling out
By Football Espana staff
Xabi Alonso revealed he fell out with former Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez over not being permitted to miss a game for his child's birth.
The match in question was a Champions League tie with Inter Milan, which clashed with Alonso's wife going into labour and he asked his then-manager to be excused from the trip until the birth.
“I told Rafa that I could not travel with the team with this situation going on,” Alonso explained in an interview with El Pais.
“I would travel to Milan when everything was fine, I could get a plane straight out and meet up with the squad but he did not accept this.
“I had to make a decision and I opted to spend the time with my family at that moment, and I never regretted it.”
Ahead of Bavaria's Champions League tie with Real Madrid, the 35-year-old – who will retire in summer – compared trying to stop Los Blancos with trying to stop Lionel Messi.
"There are teams who you can analyse and see how to shut them out, stop them from playing down the wings, or through the centre," he continued.
"With Madrid you cannot think too much about them. They have so much talent, so much skill in all positions, that it is difficult to stop them -- they can score against you in any way.
“It happened to us at Madrid with Messi. We asked ourselves how to stop him, then on the pitch he would dribble past three defenders and show up in the area.
"How do you predict this movement? Madrid has this on the level of their team. [To beat them], besides playing well, you must have a bit of luck and for them to not have a good day."
I can forgive novices for writing clunky Perl code because they're following the example of far too many books and tutorials. If you date the Perl Renaissance to the year 2000 (as I do), then you can identify code written before that point and code written after that point.
If modern Perl is safer or easier or clearer or simpler or cleaner to write than legacy Perl, then it should be possible to explain how and why to use modern features in lieu of older features.
For example....
Three-argument open()
There are two forms of the open() function in Perl 5. The modern version takes three arguments: the filehandle to open or vivify, the mode of the filehandle, and the name of the file.
The legacy version has two arguments, only the filehandle and the name of the file. The mode of the file comes from the filename; if the filename starts (or ends) with any of several special characters, open() parses them off and uses them.
If you accidentally use a filename with those special characters with the two-arg form of open() , your code will not behave as you expect. This is especially a problem if you're not careful about sanitizing user input, and if any user input ever becomes part of a filename. Consider:
open my $fh, ">$filename" # INSECURE CODE; do not use or die "Can't write to '$filename': $!
";
While this code appears to open $filename for writing, an insecure $filename could start with > to force appending mode, or - to open STDOUT (though I suspect you have to work really hard to force this). Likewise, code without any explicit mode in the second and final parameter is susceptible to any special mode characters.
Extracting file modes into a separate parameter to this function prevents Perl from parsing the filename at all and removes the possibility for this unintentional behavior. As Damian Conway has mentioned, using a separate file mode parameter also makes the intention of the code clearer:
open my $fh, '>', $filename # safer and clearer or die "Can't write to '$filename': $!
";
The modern version of this code is safer and clearer, and it's been available since Perl 5.6.0, released on 22 March 2000. There's no reason not to use the modern version. (If you need your code to run on Perl 5.005, try a core module such as IO::Handle. If you need your code to run on older versions of Perl 5, you have my sympathy.)
Rep. Tom Cotton (R-AR)
Rep. Tom Cotton (R-AR)
Groups like the Islamic State collaborate with drug cartels in Mexico who have clearly shown they're willing to expand outside the drug trade into human trafficking and potentially even terrorism. They could infiltrate our defenseless border and attack us right here in places like Arkansas.
But, as Time magazine reports, federal officials have repeatedly stated that there is no active plot or operational threat that would entail ISIS infiltrating the southern border. Congressman Cotton's version seems to go a step further, envisioning an active, ongoing collaborative effort between the Islamic State, and Mexican drug cartels who are looking to diversify by branching out into terrorism, whose end goal is to kill Americans on U.S. soil.
Arkansas Rep. Tom Cotton is out on the campaign trail sounding like one of Breitbart's more unhinged writers, pushing this fearmongering conspiracy theory on the dangers of an insecure border:Yes, I'm sure that if Islamo-Mexican drug terrorists infiltrate the border, they're making a beeline for Arkansas. Greg Sargent explains how outlandish this theory is:Given the hysterical rhetoric Republicans have applied to migrant kids looking for safety, I guess it shouldn't be a shock that, as Election Day approaches, they'd be struggling to find ever-scarier things to threaten about the border. Mexican drug cartels? Scary, but Tom Cotton is in a close race for Senate. He needs something more. ISIS? Cotton needs even more fear. Thus you get, in Cotton's telling, Mexican drug cartels and Middle Eastern Islamic fundamentalist terrorists somehow joining forces for a long-term partnership to attack Arkansas. The only kind of sense this makes is desperate Republican campaign sense.
Rogers will make gigabit internet speeds available to customers in Toronto and the GTA this year, with the rest of Ontario and Atlantic Canada following in 2016.
The company made the announcement at an event at Toronto's Rogers Centre Monday.
Rogers said it is starting to take online reservations for Ignite Gigabit internet packages with unlimited usage, gigabit download speeds and upload speeds of 50 megabits per second for $149.99 per month.
In addition to announcing the internet upgrade, Rogers said it:
Was introducing a new set-top box that can stream video in "4K" ultra-high-definition for its TV customers.
Will broadcast over 100 live sporting events at that resolution next year, including all 81 Toronto Blue Jays home games.
Has struck a deal with Netflix for a direct connection between its network and Netflix servers, to boost speed and image quality.
In the past, Netflix has ranked Rogers's Netflix streaming speeds as being slower than that of most other Canadian internet service providers.
Rogers said its gigabit internet will be available this year in:
Toronto's Harbourfront, Cabbagetown-Riverdale, King Street west, Queen Street West, Financial District, Discovery District and Yonge and Bloor neighbourhoods.
The GTA communities of Vaughan, Markham, Richmond Hill, Pickering, Ajax and Whitby.
It will become available by the end of 2016 to all four million homes in Ontario and Atlantic Canada where Rogers internet service is available.
The new internet service is similar to Bell's Gigabit Fibe service, announced in August. Bell said it had made download speeds of 940 megabits per second and upload speeds of 100 megabits per second available to a million homes in Ontario and Quebec for $150 a month. According to Bell, those download speeds are fast enough to save an entire 3 GB HD movie in just 25 seconds.
Previously, download speeds for major internet service providers in Canada topped out at 100 to 250 megabits per second.
Telus announced on Friday that it would be investing $1 billion to boost internet speeds across Vancouver to 150 megabits per second.
De Arbeiderspers/A W Bruna, the largest publisher in the Netherlands, has removed DRM from its e-books for the first time.
All of the publisher's e-books, aside from those sold via the iBooks store, will be sold with a watermark attached rather than any DRM system.
Without Adobe DRM attached, customers will be able to download their e-books on to any device, including phones, tablets and dedicated e-readers. People will also be able to share books.
The watermark will mean that any copies of the book which are spread online can be traced back to the original source.
De Arbeiderspers/A W Bruna currently has 1,200 e-books available, and plans to digitise more of its backlist in 2013.
Paul Auster, Michel Houllebecq, Frederick Forsyth and Ian Fleming are among the authors with e-books on the publisher's lists.
C.e.o. Joop Boezeman said: "Digital or paper books, we are proud of the story that is told within the book. This means that the digital form should also be an attractive offering. With watermarking, we are one more step in the right direction."
At this point, anyone pays even the slightest bit of attention to the central planning economic totalitarians running the fraudulent global financial system is aware of the blatant push in the media to acclimate the masses to accepting a “cashless society.”
In the mind of an economic tyrant, banning cash represents the holy grail. Forcing the plebs onto a system of digital fiat currency transactions offers total control via a seamless tracking of all transactions in the economy, and the ability to block payments if an uppity citizen dares get out of line.
While we've all seen the idiotic arguments for banning cash, i.e., it will allow central planners to more efficiently centrally plan economies into the ground, Martin Armstrong is reporting on a secret meeting in London with the aim of getting rid of any economic privacy that remains by ending cash.
From Armstrong Economics:
I find it extremely perplexing that I have been the only one to report that there is a secret meeting in London where Kenneth Rogoff of Harvard University and Willem Butler the chief economist at Citigroup will address the central banks and advocate the elimination of all cash to bring to fruition the day when you cannot buy or sell anything without government approval. When I Googled the issue to see who has picked it up yet, to my surprise Armstrong Economics comes up first. Others are quoting me, and I even find it spreading as the Central Bank of Nigeria, but I have yet to find reports on the meeting taking place in London when my sources are direct. Other newspapers who have covered my European tour have stated that the “crash” of which I speak is the typical stock market rather than in government. What is concerning me is the silence on this meeting where there are more and more reports about a cashless society would be better. If we look at the the turning points on the ECM, yes they have been to the day when there has been a concentration of capital in a particular market. However, it has also picked the turning points in political decisions such as the formation of the G5 with 1985.65, the very day Greece asked for help from the IMF in 2010, to the day of 911. What we better keep one eye open for here at night is this birth of a cashless society coming in much faster than expected. Why the secret meeting? Something does not smell right here.
This scramble by the power structure signals a certain desperation in the face of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. While these economic totalitarians always wanted a “cashless society,” they now realize time is not on their side. The best way to fight back against this is to support alternative, free market non-government solutions to the money problem (see my first article ever on Bitcoin: Bitcoin: A Way to Fight Back Against the Financial Terrorists?). Those of us who want a return to free markets and economic liberty need to do money better than governments ever could, so that the fiat fraud model is disrupted and thrown aside before it has a chance to evolve into something even more stifling and dangerous.
On a related note, if you haven't seen the documentary America: Freedom to Fascism, I suggest you take a watch. If you want to skip to the part on the “cashless society,” go to 1:17:35.
For related articles, see:
Why Fiat Money is Immoral
JP Morgan Spews “Cashless Society” Propaganda in TV Ad
Mexico Bans Large Cash Transactions…Oh and They Store Their Gold in London!
In Liberty,
Michael Krieger
Donate bitcoins: Like this post?Donate bitcoins: 3J7D9dqSMo9HnxVeyHou7HJQGihamjYQMN
Follow me on Twitter.
The Wednesday before the convention began, my cheeks touched the seat of my desk at 8am. 28,800. If I'm being honest, I'm not sure I should have gotten paid for work that day. 28,790. I opened my email inbox and pretended to read a few work messages. 28,755. Like a fool, I glanced at the lock screen on my iPhone. 28,740. Ugh. 7 hours and 59 minutes to go.
I have been playing Blizzard titles for just about a decade. I began playing World of Warcraft in my freshman year of college. Nearly ten years later, I still play the game semi-regularly. I don't always keep my subscription active, but I'm always down to dive right back into the fray. What I'm trying to say is, I am a big Blizzard fanboy. But when I say I'm a fanboy, I feel I should qualify that statement. I consider myself a very thoughtful, reasonable person. Those qualities extend to the way I think about the games I play. I am able to distinguish the difference between a game I like and a well-designed game. Heroes of the Storm is a beautifully designed game. Blizzard has identified a lot of the shortcomings of the MOBAs that came before it and have done their best to mitigate them. That said, there's something about the game that I find distasteful. The movement speed feels wrong and I find myself dissatisfied with the game's simplicity. The reason I mention any of this is because I don't want my thoughts about Blizzard and BlizzCon to be confused with blind fanaticism. I've always dug Blizzard and their games, but in a measured, self-aware sort of way.
So, what did I think about the convention?
BlizzCon is the single coolest convention I've ever attended. No wait, BlizzCon is the single coolest video game event I've ever witnessed. No, that doesn't quite cover it. Going to BlizzCon was one of the most breathtaking experiences of my life. Yeah. That's the one. The sheer size and scope was epic. The mood over the duration of the con was one of joy and wonder. The convention hall was Blizzney Land, complete with Mickey Metzen. 25,000 attendees filled the halls of the Anaheim Convention center. We came in all shapes and sizes, but our common appreciation and gratefulness for Blizzard bonded us as a community.
The magic began at the opening ceremony. If I can recommend one event at BlizzCon, it's gotta be this one. You simply can't miss this presentation. Sure, the coverage itself is cursory, but its the sense of togetherness that makes the opening ceremony so special. If the aura and experience of the convention could be distilled down to one event, it would be that first hour and a half on the main stage. Many of Blizzard's Project Leads took the stage and shared with us their passion for the games they create. I'll be honest, there may have been some grown-man tears shed that day.
My friends and I made sure to do as much as we could at the convention. There was a lot of ground to cover. I attended a ton of panels. Sure, I could have just read up on the news on a website, but hearing about a game from its creators is special. It's one of the things that makes Blizzard such a great development house. These guys and gals love their work. And it shows. On the Heroes of the Storm panel, it was obvious that the team has been absolutely stoked to talk about Cho'Gall, the first MOBA character-specific to be controlled by two players at once. The team wasn't dissuaded by what must have been an enormous developmental undertaking simply to deliver a unique, thrilling experience for their players. They were just as excited to share it with us as we all were to hear about it.
We also waited in lines to play with all the new goodies. My friend Terry and I sat down to play some tandem Cho'Gall at the Heroes of the Storm setup. I accidentally picked Kael'thas. God I'm bad. Luckily, one of the three strangers playing with us agreed to play the other half of the ogre duo with my buddy. We won the match, and Terry made a friend. Our group also waited in line to get our eager mitts on some Overwatch. It's truly amazing that a studio, having never dabbled in first-person shooters, is able to produce something as tight as refined as Overwatch. The game has all the usual polish and pedigree one might expect from a Blizzard title. And even though the arena shooter genre is not particularly suited for narrative, the studio revealed this weekend that they will be producing animated shorts to tell the game's story.
My friends and I were sure to get down on some e-sport goodness. The convention acted as the venue for the world championship tournaments for four of the studio's titles: World of Warcraft, Heroes of the Storm, Hearthstone, and Starcraft 2. We scoped out some Starcraft 2 matches and also watched the semis and the finals of the Heroes of the Storm tournament. Rabid fans packed the seats in their respective halls and the matches were all covered with the highest production and professionalism, complete with spotlights and camera crews. It was something to behold.
Being on the show floor didn't feel like just being at a convention. It somehow felt like more. And it wasn't just the snazzy colored stage lights that lit most of the 800,000 square feet of the convention center. It was the feels! It's hard to describe, really. Even after a thousand words, I still don't know if I'm able to communicate just how awesome my time with Blizzard was this weekend. When I began forming my thoughts on my drive home on Sunday, I was conflicted. I knew how I felt about the con, but I didn't want to come off as disingenuous, or as some sort of shill. I told all of this to a friend of mine, and he said, “Screw it. Just write what you feel. Tell your readers what you told me.” And so I will. As pragmatic as I am, and as much as I think over my experiences, I can't come to any conclusion other than this: Blizzard is doing something very special. BlizzCon is a place where gamers and game-makers come to celebrate joy, community, and killer video games.
BlizzCon 2015 marks the 9th Blizzard convention, but for me it was my very first. It will not be my last.
Comments
It could spell the end of time-honored Navy titles like fireman and seaman.
The Navy secretary has ordered the service to review all job titles and consider removing any reference to "man" in them, a move that could force name-changes to nearly two dozen specialties, from airman to yeoman. Navy Secretary Ray Mabus ordered the scrub as the force prepares to open the last remaining billets to women sailors in Marine ground combat elements and the Navy SEALs.
Is this move about time, or an unnecessary change to tradition? Tell us at navylet@navytimes.com
"Lastly, as we achieve full integration of the force … this is an opportunity to update the position titles and descriptions themselves to demonstrate through this language that women are included in these positions," Mabus wrote, according to sources who quoted directly from the letter. "Ensure they are gender-integrated as well, removing "man" from their titles, and provide a report to me as soon as is practicable and no later than April 1, 2016."
Mabus sent the directive to Chief of Naval Operations Adm. John Richardson. A similar memo and mandate was sent to the Marine Corps commandant, asking for the same job title review.
"Ensure they are gender-integrated as well, removing "man" from their titles, and provide a report to me as soon as is practicable and no later than April 1, 2016."
Some hallowed titles like seaman could be tough to replace, but others could be swapped with gender neutral descriptors as the service has done before. In 2005, for example, officials changed personnelman, a rating where many women had served, to personnel specialist.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Navy Times Daily News Roundup
There are at least 20 job titles that include the word "man." Aviation has the most to review, with five of their 12 enlisted rating descriptions ending with "man." Surface engineering includes eight.
Seabees and Surface Warfare and Operations both have two apiece with Supply and Medical having one.
Those don't include the traditional entry-level designations for non-rated sailors as well as designated strikers. How the Navy finds gender neutral titles for airman, seaman and fireman is likely to prove challenging, as well as for the Seabee and medical titles of constructionman and hospitalman for non-rated sailors.
Mabus hasn't mandated that any titles go away, according to a source familiar with the memo. He simply wants to see options for making titles as gender neutral, as part of persuading more women to make the Navy a career.
If it's too tough to make a change, the source said, he's willing to listen to the reasons.
"This isn't a isn't a draconian edict to get rid of all references to the word 'man,' " said the official, who asked not to be identified publicly while internal deliberations continue. "But it is an opportunity to look at position descriptions and change them where it makes sense."
Nearly all of the Navy's jobs with "man" in the title have been opened to women for decades, and without interruption since the Women's Armed Services Integration Act was enacted in 1948.
Women were allowed on active duty briefly during and after World War I as "yeomanettes" and again in a greater number of enlisted ratings as Women Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service (WAVES) during World War II.
But since the 1948 change in law, women have serv ed permanently in the armed forces, and have been serving in nearly all enlisted ratings ever since.
The job of coming up with these options — or justifications to keep things unchanged — will likely fall to Chief of Naval Personnel Vice Adm. Bill Moran and the enlisted community managers he oversees. He'll most likely delegate the job to his enlisted community managers.
"We are in the beginning stages of this review and are working to comply with the Secretary's direction," said Cmdr. Nathan Christensen, spokesman for CNP told Navy Times on Jan. 7.
As the Navy has merged or created new ratings, it has opted for gender neutral titles. In 1999, the radioman rating was merged into information systems technician.
For example personnelman, long considered a "traditional" rating for women, was merged in 2005 with disbursing clerk and the new title was personnel specialist. The same happened in 1999 when radioman was merged into information systems technician.
This could be the model for upcoming changes, too.
Take fire controlman. This surface fleet specialty could be renamed to match their counterparts in the submarine force, the fire control technicians.
Barring unforeseen technical reasons, adopting the sub designation Navy-wide could be an easy solution, sources say.
"Simply removing 'man' and replacing it with technician or specialist works in many cases," said the source familiar with the memo.
But the toughest to alter will be long-standing titles like seaman and airman, both practically and culturally, according to senior enlisted leaders familiar with the review.
Fireman could be easily changed to engineer, the sources say, which is technically a better description today anyway with fires less common than before.
Up to now, the title seaman has applied to men and women in the Navy. But the usage situation is more confusing elsewhere. The Merriam-Webster dictionary says it applies to any of the three ranks below petty officer, but also specifies it for "an enlisted man in the navy or coast guard." The WebstersAccording to Websters online dictionary, a seaman is initially defined as already gender neutral, saying "a sailor in the U.S. or British Navy or the U.S. Coast Guard who is not an officer."
But under the full definition, it also says "an enlisted man in the navy or coast guard ranking above a seaman apprentice and below a petty officer"
NAVY RATING NAME-SCRUB
The Navy has 21 rating designations that could get changed as a result of Navy Secretary Ray Mabus' mandated review of job descriptions. The job titles include "man" in the title and could be removed:
Apprentice, non-rate designations:
Airman
Constructionman
Fireman
Hospitalman
Seaman
General and compression Ratings:
Administration
Yeoman
Legalman
Aviation
Aircrew Survival Equipmentman
Aviation Ordnanceman
Aviation Support Equipmentman
Aviation Maintenance Administrationman
Master Chief Constructionman
Surface Engineering
Damage Controlman
Engineman
Machinery Repairman
Seabees
Utilitiesman
Master/Senior Chief Constructionman
Surface Warfare/Ops
Fire Controlman
Mineman
Medical
Hospital Corpsman
Supply
Ships Serviceman
During the time of their rise as a nation, Slavs were pagans called rodnovery. This word is a compound of “rodnoy”, which means “native”, and “vera”, which means “faith”.
This was a polytheist religion that prevailed among the majority of Slavic tribes. It was later replaced by orthodox Christianity. However, some of the religious festivals and traditions were so deeply engraved in people's minds that even the Church allowed some concessions. This resulted in modifying some traditional Christian festivals and replacing the deities in some legends with Christian saints. This is why today Christians in Slavic countries celebrate some holidays that have pagan roots.
Are There Any Rodnovery Left?
Although, this religion hasn't been popular for many hundreds of years, traditions of rodnovery have not been forgotten. It also seems that some people today are ready to drag them back into the light.
The Christian Church holds much sway over people's minds. Constant technological progress increased the number of skeptics and atheists. This is why not many people today are ready to convert in the religion of their ancestors. However, Slavs are extremely strong willed people that can overcome any obstacles. The result of their spiritual power is resurrection of ancient rituals and popularization of the religion that was an extremely important part of their ancestors' lives.
Today, there are many groups of youths in Ukraine that form various clubs specialized in Slavic culture. Religion was a very important part of that culture, so these young people study it closely and bring back some of the archaic rituals.
There are also people from the older generation that are quite taken with this idea. Some of them even form settlements where they strive to imitate the lifestyle of their ancestors. They worship the same deities, celebrate the same festivals and live in harmony with nature.
Is Returning of an Ancient Religion a Good Thing?
This is the question that people should be asking themselves when they see that the popularity of rodnovery is growing. Religion, after all, can be a very dangerous weapon that some people won't hesitate to use.
Rodnovery today are neo-pagans that worship ancient Slavic deities. They follow the lunar calendar and celebrate the same festivals as their ancestors. There can be no doubt that these people honor the old traditions and do a very good deed by trying to preserve them from being forgotten and lost forever.
The problem with this situation is that some of the people that take active part in the resurrection of Ancient Slavic culture cannot live up to their great ancestry. It is shameful that such a noble ambition is dimmed by the fact that several individuals try to use it for personal gains turning some of the rodnovery communities into sects.
There is also another group of people. They are quite dedicated to the ideas of rodnovery and truly take this religion to heart. However, they are shrewd enough to spot an opportunity for business that the recent popularization of neo-paganism represents.
As the number of people interested in these traditions starts to grow, they require various tools that can bring them closer to their ancestors. These are amulets, statues of deities, traditional clothes and musical instruments, etc. Selling these things at various online shops and ethnic festivals allows these religious businessmen build up a fortune while promoting the traditions they chose to follow.
However, the Slavs are honest people by nature, and they are ruthless with those who try to cheat and use them. This is why the number of cons in this area is reduced constantly. The moment the liars are spotted, they are shunned and condemned by the community.
Basically, Ukrainian rodnovery today can be separated into two categories. There are those who are genuinely interested in history and restoration of ancient customs and traditions. They pour over various texts and documents trying to recover any details that can make the picture of the ancient Slavic society complete.
The other group mainly focuses on spiritual practices. They believe in magic used by their ancestors through various religious rituals. It's this group that is more prone to problems, but close relations of different neo-pagan communities help to remove any conmen from their midst.
There can be no arguing the fact that the attempt to restore ancient Slavic traditions is a truly commendable initiative that should be supported by the Department of Culture. This is why many people believe that it's the cause worth fighting for.
Ukrainian Neo-Paganism
There are several neo-pagan organizations in Ukraine today. The most prominent of them are The Council of Native Ukrainian Faith, Native Orthodox Faith and the Union of Ukrainian Rodnovery. There are also dozens of neo-pagan communities that are not registered. Today you can also find independent rodnovery who have their own set of concepts and beliefs.
This versatility can be explained by the fact that religious traditions of the Slavs weren't celebrated for many years. Their rituals and deities weren't forgotten completely, but there weren't any priests that took over the experience of their predecessors. This is why rodnovery today have to rely on studying various historical documents in order to reconstruct the traditions of their ancestors.
The ascent of Ukrainian neo-paganism that one can witness today is a proof that the magnificent culture of Slavs is still alive. The tribes that were known under this name over a thousand years ago were known for their resilience and spiritual power. It seems that even time couldn't defeat them.
Today there are neo-pagan communities in many countries. They were established by emigrants from Ukraine. The most well-known of them is RUN Vera. It was registered in Chicago in 1966. The leader of the cult, Lev Silenko, established it after the WWII in order to preserve the traditions of ancient Slavs in the US Ukrainian diaspora. Today there are many RUN Vera communities registered in Ukraine.
The members of these religious communities worship only one Slavic deity, Dazhbog. They believe polytheism to be the lowest form of religion. The differences in Slavic deities worshipped by different tribes they explain by the difference in perception. This means that they believe that Slavs only believed in one god, they just singled out various aspects of its divine nature.
Some of the people that argue this theory wonder why there can be no other gods if Dazhbog exists. Runoveri (people that follow the teachings of RUN Vera cult) explain this by some very mysterious kind of divine evolution. They claim that there had indeed been many deities at some point in the past, but spiritual growth of people made those deities evolve and merge into Dazhbog.
Rodnovery Communities and Settlements
Religion of ancient Slavs demands unity of the worshippers. Rituals that have to be performed require the presence of every member of the community. This is why people that support these ideas today strive to live with those who share their views.
The Slavs have always been a very community oriented nation. Their hospitality is well-known even today, and almost every legend describes the bonds of friendship that are stronger than blood. A Slavic community is like a family, even if the people within it are not related by blood. This spirit of unity is impossible to describe unless you've been lucky enough to witness the strength of these bonds.
The idea of close-knitted communities is so deeply engraved in the minds of Slavs that it's no wonder that the rebirth of paganism prompted them to form new communities. This led to the establishment of several settlements for people who decided to live their lives following the laws and rules of their ancestors.
Today you can find several settlements like this in Ukraine and other countries that were populated by Slavs hundreds of years ago. These communities are little oases where life seems completely different from what we are used to. Although, these people cannot go without the benefits of civilization completely, they do everything within their power to lead the lifestyle that is as close to their ancestors' as possible.
Visiting a community like this can be a truly eye-opening experience, and not because it's unusual to see a place where people live without computers. It's the spirit of the community that makes it truly special. Using traditional tools in their daily lives, and following the ways of the ancient Slavs, makes people interact all the time. This allows them to form bonds that go way beyond any common relationships with neighbors and colleagues. The closeness of the people living in these communities is almost unbelievable.
Considering how introverted many people are today, it's really no wonder that neo-paganism gains new followers every day. This cultural and religious phenomena allows anyone to become a part of something great and find new friends and family that will support them no matter what.
Recent Examples on the Web
Frank Lee bucked free from the back of a delivery truck chauffeuring him to his doom at a small abattoir in Brooklyn in April 2016. Zolan Kanno-youngs, WSJ, "Escape From New York: Slaughterhouse Refugees Have a Country Place," 1 Oct. 2018
That first scene describes, in graphic detail, the slaughter of a 700-pound pig in an abattoir in Gascony, France. Taylor Antrim, Vogue, "Can We Eat Meat Ethically? Ask Butcher-Memoirist Camas Davis," 25 July 2018
And an abattoir in Scotland that slaughters about 60 percent of the pigs there has transported some of its animals to locations in neighboring England because the company had run out of carbon dioxide. Amie Tsang, New York Times, "U.K. Fears for Its Beer and Crumpets. Blame a Carbon Dioxide Shortage.," 29 June 2018
Scotland's biggest pig abattoir was forced to close because of shortages of the gas, which is used to stun the animals before slaughter. Billy Perrigo, Time, "Brits Are Running Low on Crumpets and Beer as CO2 in Short Supply," 2 July 2018
Even Nancy Meyers' happy kitchens are foodie abattoirs in their way. Jonathan Gold, latimes.com, "Jonathan Gold recommends 10 food-centric films," 3 May 2018
Back then on Fulton, actual meatpackers, not the glossy magazine-friendly Publican Quality Meats butchers, hosed down the sidewalks in front of their abattoirs. Michael Nagrant, RedEye Chicago, "At BLVD, you'll find approachable fine dining in a glamorous setting," 6 Oct. 2017
The transition from abattoir to a lab that built life-saving robots seemed fitting. Caroline Lester, The Atlantic, "What Happens When Your Bomb-Defusing Robot Becomes a Weapon," 26 Apr. 2018
The abattoir in Baringo has been running for almost two years, slaughtering hundreds of donkeys a day to satisfy Chinese demand. The Economist, "Saving assesAfricans want to sell donkey skins. Western charities want to stop them," 8 Mar. 2018
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'abattoir.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
Mind the price gap
For generations, Canadian consumers have watched enviously as our southern neighbours waltz out of American stores with more stuff for less money. With two such highly integrated economies and close proximity, it's hard not to notice how much more we pay for just about everything. The difference has been even more visible in recent years as the Canadian dollar has hovered around par with the greenback.
In early February, Canada's Senate finance committee issued its report The Canada-USA Price Gap, enumerating some of the reasons behind this gap, and laying out a four-point plan for narrowing it. The report didn't find any one reason for the price differences. Rather, it pointed to three main factors: taxes and tariffs, differing rules and regulations, and economic factors, such as shipping costs and economies of scale. So which factors exactly are responsible for the higher prices you pay on TVs, trucks, jeans and detergent? We looked up a few specific examples of price differences (not average prices by country) and explained the price difference for each to tease out the factors at play.
Select a date Select month July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 Select a category Agriculture Bihar Votes For Its (and India's) Future BUDGET 2014 Budget 2015: Modi's Moment of Reckoning Budget 2016: The stories behind the numbers Chart of the Day Climate Change Cover Story Currency Chaos Development Education Elections 2014 Employment Fact Check Governance Newsletter Health homepage video Hunger India's Great Challenge: Health & Sanitation IndiaSpend In The News IndiaSpend Interviews Industry Investigations Central State Latest Headlines The Latest Reports Making Sense of Breaking News Modi's Message: India's States Reply Modi's Report Card Mumbai Special: The Revival Agenda Opinion – Videos Opinions Pollution Poverty Prime Time: India's Grand Challenges Resources Central State Sectors Agriculture Defence Economy & Policy Education Health Infrastructure Snapshots States Central India Chattisgarh Madhya Pradesh EAST Bihar Jharkhand Orissa West Bengal NORTH Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu & Kashmir New Delhi Punjab Rajasthan Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand NORTH EAST Arunachal Pradesh Assam Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Sikkim Tripura SOUTH Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu WEST Goa Gujarat Maharashtra Story In A Minute The Air We #Breathe The Road To Delhi: Elections 2015 The Transition: 2015-2016 Uncategorized Viznomics: A Quick Glance At Big Issues Welfare Women Women@Work Search with Google
A man walks past houses in Bhaktapur, Nepal that were damaged in Saturday's earthquake.
Guwahati and Srinagar are the two Indian cities at highest risk of being devastated by an earthquake, with 36 other cities in areas prone to earthquakes, according to government data.
Guwahati and Srinagar fall in what is called “very severe intensity zone”, or zone V, the highest-risk earthquake zone.
Eight cities, including Delhi, fall in the “severe intensity zone” or zone IV, according to a seismic zoning map issued by the Bureau of Indian Standards and quoted in this National Disaster Management (NDM) report. The other 30 cities fall in the “moderate intensity zone”, or zone III.
This map shows India's 38 earthquake-prone cities:
Source: National Disaster Management “India has highly populous cities, including the national capital of New Delhi, located in zones of high seismic risk,” said the report. “Typically, the majority of the constructions in these cities are not earthquake resistant. Thus any earthquake striking in one of these cities would turn into a major disaster.” A reminder of India's vulnerability The Nepal earthquake, which has now claimed more than 3,000 lives, and the NDM data are a reminder of India's vulnerability. IndiaSpend recently reported that nearly 60% of the sub-continental landmass is vulnerable to earthquakes. About 50 million years ago, India—then an island that had previously broken off from a supercontinent called Gondwana, a name still used for what is now Chhattisgarh—slammed into the Eurasian mainland, creating the Himalayas as it collided. All land on earth rides on “plates”, which glide on the mantle, a rocky inner layer. The Indian plate continues to grind into the Eurasian plate, and as it does, the Himalayas and north India are on shaky ground. India pushes northeast into Asia at roughly 5 cm every year, causing subterranean stresses that are released in the form of earthquakes every now and then. Vulnerable zones are monitored, but prediction is impossible An array of sensors in India and abroad monitor plate activity, but it is impossible to predict an earthquake, as many tweets and Whatsapp messages after the Nepal temblor appeared to indicate:
The five ridiculous rumors circulated on social media and WhatsApp after the #NepalEarthquake http://t.co/oHRSYPYNJ3 pic.twitter.com/YIN1ZWO9cW — The Quint (@TheQuint) April 28, 2015
What is available is data on areas of specific vulnerability.
Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh appear to be the most vulnerable states, with six cities each in earthquake- prone zones. Both the states have one city each under zone IV and five cities marked under zone III. Maharashtra is next with four cities in zone III.
The Bureau of Indian Standards [IS-1893 – part – 1: 2002], based on scientific inputs from a number of agencies, including earthquake data supplied by Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), has grouped India into four seismic zones, II, III, IV and V.
The Modified Mercalli (MM) intensity scale, which measures the impact of earthquakes on the surface of the earth, is broadly associated with India's earthquake zones, as follows:
Intensity Of Earthquakes In Different Zones Seismic Zone Intensity on Modified Mercalli scale % Of Total Area Zone II (Low intensity zone) VI (or less) 43 Zone III (Moderate intensity zone) VII 27 Zone IV (Severe intensity zone) VIII 18 Zone V (Very severe intensity zone) IX (and above) 12
India has 42 digital seismograph stations to measure earthquake magnitude and monitor earthquake activity, operated by the Ministry of Earth Sciences. As many as 78 new digital seismographs are likely to be installed during 2015-16.
Here is a look at some of the major earthquakes that have struck India since the 19th century:
Tip: Click in the top-right corner to scroll forward; Source: Indian Meteorological Department.
China, United States, Indonesia, Philippines and India were among the five countries world-wide most frequently hit by natural disasters over the last decade, according to this report from the Center for Research on Epidemiology of Disasters.
No country without risk of being hit by natural disasters. #earthquakes the biggest killer in Asia http://t.co/GRu68HeHpg pic.twitter.com/oKdi3UeZuq — Syed Nazakat (@SyedNazakat) April 27, 2015
__________________________________________________________________
“Liked this story? Indiaspend.org is a non-profit, and we depend on readers like you to drive our public-interest journalism efforts. Donate Rs 500; Rs 1,000, Rs 2,000.”
It's not been a pleasant few months for Iggy Azalea. Throughout the rollout of her new album, she's suffered barbs at the hands of Halsey, a verifiably bad track or two, and now this: Azalea says that Def Jam CEO Steve Bartels refuses to release any more singles from her sophomore record. This means the…
By Dale Eisinger / Spin
It's not been a pleasant few months for Iggy Azalea. Throughout the rollout of her new album, she's suffered barbs at the hands of Halsey, a verifiably bad track or two, and now this: Azalea says that Def Jam CEO Steve Bartels refuses to release any more singles from her sophomore record. This means the news of Iggy collaborating with homonymous problematic cohort Azealia Banks puts a limp punctuation mark on this stage of Iggy's second record.
Azalea revealed the news through a series of tweets Saturday morning, July 8. She said she was “very disappointed” with the rollout of the record, but it wouldn't deter her from plowing forward with her career. She even assured fans a third album is planned.
Steve Bartels says he doesn't want to release another single for my album unfortunately 👎 So that's that. — IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) July 8, 2017
PRETTY much! Sucks – savior is great. im very disappointed that's their decision. — IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) July 8, 2017
I'm very unhappy with the way things have been handled too. I will make sure it's not this way for ia3… I can assure you guys of that. — IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) July 8, 2017
My album isn't canceled, it's just not having another single. It's still being released. — IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) July 8, 2017
Digital Distortion was set to come out last year, was pushed back to June of 2017, but still has yet to get an official release date.
This post Iggy Azalea Very Disappointed Label Won't Release Any More Singles first appeared on Stereogum.
San Francisco finished off a busy week by pulling out a 1-0 victory over the visiting FC Edmonton at Kezar Stadium on Saturday night, its first home win since April 8th. Here are three things we learned from the game:
1) The Deltas need to avoid slow starts
San Francisco has been able to finish out many games this season by scoring late, but they have also had the problem of starting out slowly as well. The team has not scored a goal at home before the 30th minute all season and they often let other teams get off to a good start at Kezar.
On Saturday Edmonton was unfortunate to not be up early after a trio of quality chances from Sainey Nyassi and Tomi Ameobi. The Eddies the best chance was when Nyassi intercepted a soft pass back from Christian Portilla that defender Patrick Hopkins did not run onto. Nyassi ended up 1-on-1 and was denied by a quality kick save from Deltas keeper Romuald Peiser.
The slow start might have been caused by the heavy workload the Deltas players have been carrying during their US Open Cup run and an emotional loss to the San Jose Earthquakes last Wednesday. In their previous two games after a US Open Cup match, the Deltas were steamrolled by the Jacksonville Armada 3-0 and fell behind by two goals to Indy Eleven before rallying to score twice in the last 10 minutes.
“The game wasn't easy,” said Deltas coach Marc Dos Santos after the match. “I thought we were passive in the first half and not dynamic enough. But we answered better in the second half.”
Although falling out of the US Open Cup was disappointing, in the long run, it will help the Deltas thin roster recharge and focus solely on achieving a top four place and make the NASL playoffs.
2) Jackson brings a new dimension to the team at right back
Coach Marc Dos Santos has given the freedom for all of his players to join the attack even if they are on the defensive line.
For the first several games of the season, the Deltas kept the same back four of Nana Attakora and Renier Ferriera in the center and Karl Ouimette and Kenny Teijsse out wide. The back line was stout in defense and Teijsse and Ferriera often pressed up into the attack during the match.
Right back Karl Ouimette played shut down defense in his position but would not often venture upfield. The Deltas struggled to score in the eight games Ouimette started, only scoring 7 goals.
Looking to bring some more attacking presence to the team, and perhaps to allow more of the Delta's crowded midfield talent to play, Coach Dos Santos slotted the winger Jackson into right back position starting the May 27th away game to the Cosmos. Jackson's skill on the ball has allowed him to play a strong defense and join the attack whenever possible.
The Deltas have scored six goals in the four games Jackson started in the defense. He has been able to readily interchange with the right winger and press up at will. Jackson's speed also allows him to cover back and snuff out potential attacks as well.
With San Francisco's positive form it looks as if the right back position is the perfect fit for Jackson and the team going forward.
3) Will the tiff between FC Edmonton coach Colin Miller and Deltas coach Marc Does Santos carry into next week?
At the end of the match during the traditional handshake between coaches, FC Edmonton's Colin Miller started to have words with Deltas coach Marc Dos Santos. Although it is unclear what led to Miller's verbal assault on Dos Santos, neither coach backed down from the exchange and was eventually pulled apart.
It will be interesting to see if the argument will carry some bad blood for the teams that will meet again this upcoming Saturday in Canada.
(Mohd Asim is Senior News Editor, NDTV 24x7)
Dear Prime Minister:
Let me borrow a phrase that you use often - "Main hairaan hoon" (I am surprised).
I am amazed, Mr Prime Minister, at the euphoria and media attention for your speech at a conference organized by Christian leaders in Delhi on Tuesday.
You chose your words well and delivered them to the desired impact, but in the end, you only stated the obvious - and after taking a very long time to call a spade a spade. The timing of your comments is also being hotly debated -are they linked to two reprimands by President Barack Obama?
So why such hysterical response? Maybe because you have finally ended your silence about incidents that try to rob our great country of its character, which is defined by tolerance and mutual respect towards faiths.
Your words, though as old as this country itself in their essence, carried new meanings for both your detractors and fans. While your detractors were surprised that you actually said what you did, your fans, especially the online variety, were aghast at the message you tried to put across.
Mr Prime Minister, your fans, commonly dubbed 'bhakts' in the online space, want you to stay caged in an image. That image is of a rabid Hindutva-vadi, Muslim and Christian hating tough leader who has arrived to liberate the 'Hindu' society from centuries of 'oppression' and 'insult'. The right-wingers were celebrating your silence on a series of hate remarks that were shot off in the initial months of your government. The hate-mongers saw you as 'their man' in power. As someone who will not spew venom himself any more owing to the position you now occupy, but will definitely let the larger parivaar have a free run.
And to be honest, you did give them a long rope. So now when you speak of tolerance, freedom of faith, communal harmony, they feel betrayed. Some online responses, again from people of a particular ideological orientation, were ridiculous, to put it mildly. Some were agitated that you conceded to the fact that churches may have been attacked and asked if you have evidence that the vandalism or arson was communally motivated. Well, bhakts will be bhakts.
Your critics, on the other hand, welcome your words but caution the country to wait for some real action before raising a toast to 'peace'. "PM's words are fine, but will the parivaar rabble-rousers listen?" they ask. And this is a genuine concern. As you would remember, sir, that your August 15 speech calling for a 10-year moratorium on communal discord didn't cut much ice with the right-wing hotheads.
Pardon me for saying this, but it's always going to be tough for someone like you with the baggage of the past and the burden of expectations of the loony fringe to tread a middle path. But I am sure you can navigate this Catch-22 situation if you decide once and for all that the fringe belongs to the fringe. Their noises need to be muffled by strong reassurances like the ones you offered yesterday, and not long silences.
The recent Delhi elections and the earlier UP bypolls have shown that pampering the fringe doesn't help in the long run. It has, on the other hand, put you in a position where you have to now state the obvious and reassure a minority gathering that your government actually believes in what is written in the Constitution.
I can assure you, Mr Prime Minister, that the majority of this country (cutting across religious lines) care more about education, jobs, affordable housing etc etc. And Mr Prime Minister, this section of the population is also in a rush. It wants things to be delivered at the speed of light. It doesn't give any concessions to the establishment and certainly sees all the communal jazz as an impediment to its growth and achievement.Short point is you cannot obviously wish away the fringe (of all religious or ideological denominations) but you can certainly show it its place."Der aaye, durust aaye" (better late than never) goes the age-old proverb. Mr Prime Minister, you have made a good beginning.My humble advice as a concerned countryman: ignore your fans for a while and listen more to your critics. They may make for better fellow-travellers on the road to 'sabka saath sabka vikas' than the cheerleaders.You extended a hand on Tuesday. Here's mine, if you'll have it.
VidCon Controversy Continues YouTube's Descent Into Drama
Carl Benjamin, a.k.a. Sargon of Akkad, attending the Women Online panel at VidCon 2017.
2017 has been an incredibly difficult year for YouTube, and nowhere has this been best exemplified than at this year's VidCon event.
An annual conference organized by Hank and John Green of the popular channel VlogBrothers, VidCon has routinely been a pleasant space in which YouTube creators can meet with their fans, host panels and stage Q&A sessions, reaching out to their audience IRL rather than from behind an iPhone screen. However, this year's VidCon was staged in the midst of what is steadily becoming a civil war (albeit with more vloggers and GoPro cameras on the site), with the increasingly politicized nature of online discourse having bled into the video-sharing site so much that its financial bottom line has been hit, with advertisers boycotting as a result of hate speech and derogatory content uploaded to it. Inevitably, VidCon was the next stage for this ongoing battle, and the event was not without its controversy.
Anita Sarkeesian, one of the creators of the feminist media critic channel Feminist Frequency, appeared in a few panels across the event including one intended to discuss the presence of women online. During this panel Carl Benjamin, more commonly known as Sargon of Akkad on YouTube, sat himself in the front row of the audience alongside a selection of his friends. Sargon, one of the most notable anti-feminist figures on YouTube, has made a habit of frequently criticizing Anita during his videos and live streams, sharing an audience typically made up of GamerGate supporters and self-described “anti-SJWs” who make up the vast majority of Anita's critics. As a result, Anita viewed his decision to sit in the front row of his panel as deliberately hostile, addressing Sargon as a “shithead” while talking on the panel, along with referring to him as a “garbage human.”
The footage can be seen below:
In a blog post published following the panel, Anita wrote: “He showed up with several others; together, his group took up the two front rows at the panel. Their presence was plainly not, as one of them later said in an “apology” video he posted to Twitter, to “give us the chance we never gave them” and to “hear us out,” but was instead to intimidate me and put me on edge.”
In a video posted following the incident, Sargon argued that rather than him harassing her as she had claimed, he was the one who had been harassed as a result of her calling him a garbage human in front of her audience. “I was sat quietly anticipating an interesting discussion, but instead Sarkeesian decided to use her position of privilege as one of VidCon's featured creators to launch an unprovoked tirade of abuse, after singling me out specifically to bully, culminating in her calling me a ‘shithead' and a ‘garbage human,'” he said. He used the video to call for oraganizers Hank and John Green to remove her from the cyber-bullying panel she was set to attend later that weekend, though she ultimately went ahead with participating in the panel.
Sargon later appeared on Joe Rogan's podcast, discussing both Anita and the VidCon incident at length for the better part of an hour before the host intervened; after Sargon began to discuss a “group of people” who “hate me” because “they know I'm right,” an incredulous Rogan replied: “Are you talking about Anita Sarkeesian again?” Rogan continued: “I just feel bad that she's not here defending herself.” Sargon then went on to add that journalists were claiming that he had “stormed the stage and started screaming abuse at her.” When Rogan said that he'd look at an article to corroborate Sargon's claims, Sargon added: “There probably aren't any yet, but I bet you tomorrow there will be articles about me and some of them will say something like ‘I abused her.'” Rogan replied: “Pause. Pause. Pause. Do you not understand the irony that we're talking about people labeling themselves as victims, and you're labeling yourself a victim of a crime that has not been occurred?”
Watch the segment of the podcast below:
VidCon's response
VidCon's founders have now responded to the controversy, expressing that while they did not appreciate the language used by Sarkeesian in her panel and her public addressing of Sargon, they also understood the complexities of the situation and agreed that Sargon and his cohorts' actions were likely an attempt to intimidate her. In response, Sargon tweeted that the organizers had not contacted him for comment on the issue.
The relevant portion of the statement from VidCon reads:
“There is a fairly prominent genre of social/political commentary on the internet that focuses on specific individuals as a path to attack ideas and build outrage. These creators do not violate harassment policies, but the result is often that the vitriol of their followers ends up focused not on ideas, but on people (usually women.)
Many people in these communities end up believing the righteous thing to do is threaten, harass, and dox the thinkers they're arguing with. Whether or not this is an intentional strategy to cultivate harassment or an awful side-effect, the result is some of the worst discourse and most intense harassment on the internet.
This year, we had a contingent of attendees (some who paid, some who snuck in with fake passes) who had been either perpetrators of this harassment, or had, for years, watched as the outrage they cultivated resulted in followers doxxing, harassing, intimidating, and even threatening the lives of the creators on these panels.
It is difficult to imagine that this group of people (who are aware that their channels have been base-camps for years of harassment of some of our panelists) did not realize that their arriving early to fill up the three front rows of a panel was going to be intimidating. In any case, it looked like intentional intimidation to most people in attendance, and the panelists were understandably on edge throughout the discussion.
During the panel, a panelist called out one of the audience members for being someone who has made her life very difficult, and wished she didn't have to give him attention because he was a “garbage human.” Look, we don't want our panelists to insult our audience members, even when we completely understand that the comment exists in a much broader (and pretty messed up) context. Even when people have said hateful things that everyone in our office disagrees with, we have a policy, and it exists not just to protect people at the show, but to protect our ability to have these conversations.”
The statement then added that Hank Green had told Anita that her comment had violated VidCon's policy, but also apologized for not having been “more active and aware of the situation” which had “resulted in her being subjected to a hostile environment that she had not signed up for.”
For those who have been following the ongoing YouTube controversies over the past few months, that VidCon was home to yet another high-profile incident between two of its notable names should be of no surprise. With YouTubers becoming increasingly political as the site is placed under scrutiny by key advertisers, YouTubers' self-defeating descent into drama continues to harm the perception of the site, with it being inevitable that it would bubble over into reality during the annual event.
Like an ouroboros, YouTubers continue to eat their own tail by pursuing outrage and controversy for views, leading to other video makers on the site being harassed by sections of their audience in the process, while making the site a difficult prospect for advertisers to consider investing in. 2017 was the year that the YouTube bubble arguably burst, but rather than helping it take off the ground again, the site's community is continuing to help poison it.
Paul Tamburro is Crave's UK, Tech and Gaming Editor. You can follow him on Twitter @PaulTamburro.
Most people are covered through the workplace, so when they lose their jobs, they lose their health benefits. On average, for each jobless worker who has lost insurance, at least one child or spouse covered under the same policy has also lost protection, public health experts said.
Expanding access to health insurance, with federal subsidies, was a priority for President-elect Barack Obama and the new Democratic Congress. The increase in the ranks of the uninsured, including middle-class families with strong ties to the work force, adds urgency to their efforts.
“This shows why — no matter how bad the condition of the economy — we can't delay pursuing comprehensive health care,” said Senator Sherrod Brown, Democrat of Ohio. “There are too many victims who are innocent of anything but working at the wrong place at the wrong time.”
Some parts of the federal safety net are more responsive to economic distress. The number of people on food stamps set a record in September, with 31.6 million people receiving benefits, up by two million in one month.
Nearly 4.4 million people are receiving unemployment insurance benefits, an increase of 60 percent in the past year. But more than half of unemployed workers are not receiving help because they do not qualify or have exhausted their benefits.
Photo
About 1.7 million families receive cash under the main federal-state welfare program, little changed from a year earlier. Welfare serves about 4 of 10 eligible families and fewer than one in four poor children.
In a letter dated Oct. 3, Archway told workers that their jobs would be eliminated, and their insurance terminated on Oct. 6, because of “unforeseeable business circumstances.” The company, owned by a private equity firm based in Greenwich, Conn., filed a petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Archway workers typically made $13 to $20 an hour. To save money in a tough economy, they are canceling appointments with doctors and dentists, putting off surgery, and going without prescription medicines for themselves and their children.
Archway cited “the challenging economic environment” as a reason for closing.
“We have been operating at a loss due largely to the significant increases in raw material costs, such as flour, butter, sugar and dairy, and the record high fuel costs across the country,” the company said.
At this time of year, the Archway plant would usually be bustling as employees worked overtime to make Christmas cookies. This year the plant is silent. The aromas of cinnamon and licorice are missing. More than 40 trailers sit in the parking lot with nothing to haul.
In the weeks before it filed for bankruptcy protection, Archway apparently fell behind in paying for its employee health plan. In its bankruptcy filing, Archway said it owed more than $700,000 to Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, one of its largest creditors.
Richard D. Jackson, 53, was an oven operator at the bakery for 30 years. Mr. Jackson and his two daughters often used the Archway health plan to pay for doctor's visits, imaging, surgery and medicines. Now that he has no insurance, he takes his Effexor antidepressant pills every other day, rather than daily, as prescribed.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Another former Archway employee, Jeffrey D. Austen, 50, said he had canceled shoulder surgery scheduled for Oct. 13 at the Cleveland Clinic because he had no way to pay for it.
“I had already lined up an orthopedic surgeon and an anesthesiologist,” Mr. Austen said.
In mid-October, Janet M. Esbenshade, 37, who had been a packer at the Archway plant, began to notice that her vision was blurred. “My eyes were burning, itching and watery,” Ms. Esbenshade said. “Pus was oozing out. If I had had insurance, I would have gone to an eye doctor right away.”
She waited two weeks. The infection became worse. She went to the hospital on Oct. 26. Doctors found that she had keratitis, a painful condition that she may have picked up from an old pair of contact lenses. They prescribed antibiotics, which have cleared up the infection.
Ms. Esbenshade has two daughters, ages 6 and 10, with asthma. She has explained to them why “we are not Christmas shopping this year — unless, by some miracle, Mommy goes back to work and gets a paycheck.”
Photo
She said she had told the girls, “I would rather you stay out of the hospital and take your medication than buy you a little toy right now because I think your health is more important.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In some cases, people who are laid off can maintain their group health benefits under a federal law, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, known as Cobra. But that is not an option for former Archway employees because their group health plan no longer exists. And they generally cannot afford to buy insurance on their own.
Wendy Carter's case is typical. She receives $956 a month in unemployment benefits. Her monthly expenses include her share of the rent ($300), car payments ($300), auto insurance ($75), utilities ($220) and food ($260). That leaves nothing for health insurance.
Ms. Darling, who was pregnant when her insurance ran out, worked at Archway for eight years, and her father, Franklin J. Phillips, worked there for 24 years.
“When I heard that I was losing my insurance,” she said, “I was scared. I remember that the bill for my son's delivery in 2005 was about $9,000, and I knew I would never be able to pay that by myself.”
So Ms. Darling asked her midwife to induce labor two days before her health insurance expired.
“I was determined that we were getting this baby out, and it was going to be paid for,” said Ms. Darling, who was interviewed at her home here as she cradled the infant in her arms.
As it turned out, the insurance company denied her claim, leaving Ms. Darling with more than $17,000 in medical bills.
The latest official estimate of the number of uninsured, from the Census Bureau, is for 2007, when the economy was in better condition. In that year, the bureau says, 45.7 million people, accounting for 15.3 percent of the population, were uninsured.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
M. Harvey Brenner, a professor of public health at the University of North Texas and Johns Hopkins University, said that three decades of research had shown a correlation between the condition of the economy and human health, including life expectancy.
“In recessions, with declines in national income and increases in unemployment,” Mr. Brenner said, “you often see increases in mortality from heart disease, cancer, psychiatric illnesses and other conditions.”
The recession is also taking a toll on hospitals.
“We have seen a significant increase in patients seeking assistance paying their bills,” said Erin M. Al-Mehairi, a spokeswoman for Samaritan Hospital in Ashland. “We've had a 40 percent increase in charity care write-offs this year over the 2007 level of $2.7 million.”
In addition, people are using the hospital less. “We've seen a huge decrease in M.R.I.'s, CAT scans, stress tests, cardiac catheterization tests, knee and hip replacements and other elective surgery,” Ms. Al-Mehairi said.
We meet Iron Roots Farm Manager Curtis Moore on Canfield Road on the south side of Youngstown, not far from where the defunct Idora Amusement Park‘s wooden roller coaster burned down in 1984. Thrills, since then, had been in short supply, until recently. “This neighborhood has turned the corner,” says Moore. “It's still in transition. But this was a highly blighted, highly dangerous part of town.” Change came about three years ago, when the Youngstown Neighborhood Development Corp. established Iron Roots, its working farm and training center. In spring and early summer, over 10 weekends, it offers free training for would-be urban farmers.
A lot to learn
They learn how to purchase land; how to select and grow their own produce; how to harvest, clean, and care for their crops; and how best to take them to market. This isn't just for casual gardeners. It's for those who want to grow enough to sell in the local farmers markets, at roadside stands and to local restaurants. Iron Roots Farm has two greenhouses where seedlings can get started, as well as lots of green, leafy crops. Moore points to rows of all-star lettuce. “This has actually been growing since last October, and it was under low tunnels to maintain it through the winter. “Further on, we've got Russian red kale and last year's collards that are actually bolting, going to seed. And some green onions down at the end.” Besides the working farm, there are several community gardens that residents are welcome to plant in. But Moore says many of those taking the training already have their own growing spaces. “Youngstown, having lost all of the steel from the 1970s and early 80s, we have a lot of empty lots of available land. Residents are able to purchase that land and be able to maybe turn it around into a market garden.” Most residential city lots have sold for between $200 and $300. The smallest are 40' by 120' and the largest 60' by 140'. “Unfortunately much of the land that they're purchasing is demolition sites,” says Moore. “So it needs a lot of work initially just to get organic matter back into the soil so that it becomes productive.” Aspiring market gardeners can get compost along with the training. Huge heaps are piled all over Iron Roots Farm. “We get woodchips from the various tree companies in the area and we get spent grains from a local brewery, Rust Belt Brewery, and we integrate those to get our carbon-nitrogen ratio to where we can actually make good compost with a lot of micro-organisms in them.” Good soil underneath it all
Youngstown's soil can be improved, but some of it is already pretty good. “We have a silt loam in the Youngstown area so it's got the potential. It's got the texture. It feels good to the hand actually.” Long before it was a steel town, Youngstown's farmers prized it's soil. “The greater Youngstown area, as was Cleveland and some of the major metropolitan cities were all agricultural zones at one time. And unfortunately we built cities on some of the best agricultural soil in the state of Ohio.” Now, one of the key points Curtis Moore makes to aspiring urban farmers is to get their soil tested. “To test for lead specifically because the old homes had lead paint on them, just to know what you're getting into even before you purchase the lot.” New farming entrepreneurs
Katrina Love of Youngstown was one of the first residents to take advantage of those cheap lots being offered for sale. She acquired three that she's combining for a small farm. “It's on the corner of Indianola and Griselda, and I'm going to have different types of gardens there," she says. “I'm going to have an organic garden. I'm going to have a vegetable garden and a flower garden. I also have some fruit trees, apples and pears right now, and I'm planning on getting some peach trees in a couple of days.” Her mother, Lois Love, joins her for the market gardener training. “I came to class. I enjoy it. I know about gardening but I came to class in case she forgets something.” She says she tried to get her daughter involved in gardening when she was young. “She would come out every now and then, but she's interested in it now.” Good examples set
Zacharia Eliza Buller is only 8, but her mom brought her along and she's interested, too. “I'm learning about plants, foods, and other stuff, and herbs and stuff like that.” Having a good example helped Joseph Taylor become a gardener and now a farmer. We find him at the training, munching on some just-picked lettuce. “My mother started me out eating healthy from a youngster, and I continue on today.” He's 71 but just starting a new life as a farmer. “This will be a business for me when I get into it full-time.” Liberty Merrill is senior program coordinator for the Youngstown Neighborhood Development Corp. She manages all the vacant land programs including the educational program that goes along with vacant land and agriculture. Hands on instruction
When everyone's assembled in front of a row of all-star lettuce, Merrill begins with a little advice. She says lettuce is a good crop for a small urban farm because it goes from seed to harvest in four weeks and you can get a second cutting in another three weeks. “So that kind of turnaround means that you can get a volume out of a small space.” Next, she takes a firm stance and bends over to demonstrate how to cut the lettuce. She recommends a good sharp knife. “You would start from one side of the row. Grab with the side of your hand like this. And get a handful of your leafy greens there. Now you want to cut them about three-quarters of an inch above the ground. It leaves enough of the plant there that they can regenerate the leaves so you can get another cutting off of it.” Later they double-rinse the lettuce and find out the best way to tear it up. “Go to the grocery store and look at those like the Earthbound Farms and the bagged lettuce. Look at that leaf lettuce and see what it looks like and that's what you want.” Not everyone's going to market
New urban farmers need to understand their customer's preferences in order to sell at farmers markets or to restaurants, but Julia Fuhrman of North Lima isn't looking that far ahead. "I want to reduce my use of fossil fuels. I want to reduce my carbon footprint on this earth without dying. I need to learn how to be a good gardener before I could even consider selling. I don't even know if I'll save money. But I'm having a good time, and I'm learning a lot and today's my 64th birthday. So it's fun.” Fun for the teachers, too. Curtis Moore says he doesn't hear as many police sirens these days as he tills the soil off Canfield Road at the Iron Roots Farm. He's seen first-hand how urban agriculture brings neighbors together. “It gets people out of their homes and it builds a sense of community again. People take pride in what's going on again. Crime goes down and people's hopes grow up.” The Youngstown Neighborhood Development Corporation also offers one-on-one technical help to serious student farmers after they complete the free, 10-week market gardener training. All Youngstown residents are eligible for it, and the plan is to offer the help again next spring. And that's this week's Quick Bite. Next week we'll talk with Momocho's Eric Williams about El Carnicero, his new restaurant in Lakewood.
TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - A record dolphin die-off in the northern Gulf of Mexico was caused by the largest oil spill in U.S. history, researchers said on Wednesday, citing a new study that found many of the dolphins died with rare lesions linked to petroleum exposure.
Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries photo shows one of the stranded dead dolphins that came ashore in 2012 along the Louisiana coast that was being photographed for study in this July 30, 2012 photo released on May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries/Handout
Scientists said the study of dead dolphins tissue rounded out the research into a spike of dolphin deaths in the region affected by BP Plc's oil spill that was caused by the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion.
Millions of barrels of crude oil spewed into Gulf waters, and a dolphin die-off was subsequently seen around coastal Louisiana, Alabama and Mississippi, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
“Dolphins were negatively impacted by exposure to petroleum compounds,” from the spill, said Stephanie Venn-Watson, a veterinary epidemiologist at the National Marine Mammal Foundation and lead author of the study published in the scientific journal PLOS ONE.
“Exposure to these compounds caused life-threatening adrenal and lung disease that has contributed to the increase of dolphin deaths in the northern Gulf of Mexico,” she added.
More than 1,200 cetacean marine mammals, mostly bottlenose dolphins, have been found beached or stranded since the spill, according to NOAA, which has declared an ongoing “unusual mortality event” under 1972 Marine Mammal Protection Act.
To understand the cause of death, researchers compared tissue samples from 46 dolphins in areas affected by the spill with 106 dolphins that were not exposed.
One-third of the oil-exposed dolphins suffered rare adrenal damage, consistent with petroleum exposure, the study found.
Yet only seven percent of the dolphins away from the spill had similar adrenal disease, which would hurt their ability to produce critical hormones and make them vulnerable to stressors, researchers said.
Dead dolphins near the spill were more likely to have lung damage and pneumonia, researchers found, explaining the mammals would have inhaled contaminants coming up for air near the water's surface.
“These dolphins had some of the most severe lung lesions I have ever seen in wild dolphins throughout the United States,” said Kathleen Colegrove, the University of Illinois-based lead veterinary pathologist for the study.
Yet BP questioned whether other factors were to blame.
“The data we have seen thus far, including the new study from NOAA, do not show that oil from the Deepwater Horizon accident caused an increase in dolphin mortality,” said Geoff Morrell, BP's senior vice president for U.S. communications, in a statement.
The Today Show with Matt Lauer interviewed Hillary Clinton in January, 1998, asking her about accusations that her husband was lying when he said he didn't have sexual relations with White House intern, Monica Lewinsky.
Bill had already been in trouble for his affair with Gennifer Flowers. He'd just gone on national television, announcing he did not have sexual relations with Ms. Lewinsky.
Lauer then asked Hillary this question: Should the American people call for her husband's resignation, if it turns out he lied about having an affair?
Of course, Hillary dodged the question, saying “They should certainly be concerned about it.”
When asked the same question again, she continued to refuse an answer, saying “That would be a very serious offense,” this time quickly elaborating, “But that is not going to be proven true. I think we're going to find some other things.”
What other things exactly?
Why, “the vast right wing conspiracy” she made up earlier in the interview!
“This is—the great story here for anybody willing to find it and write about it and explain it is this vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president. A few journalists have kind of caught on to it and explained it. But it has not yet been fully revealed to the American public. And actually, you know, in a bizarre sort of way, this may do it.”
Now, hoping that by continuing to speak, maybe Lauer would forget that he'd just asked her a question and that Hillary had refused to answer it.
“I think we're going to find some other things.” Clinton said. “And I think that when all of this is put into context, and we really look at the people involved here, look at their motivations and look at their backgrounds, look at their past behavior, some folks are going to have a lot to answer for.”
Obviously, Clinton didn't avoid answering Lauer's question for no reason. And she'd said “that isn't going to be proven true” instead of “that isn't true” because she wanted to cover her own behind if the going got tough.
Today, before the 2016 presidential election, Lauer's question needs to be asked again, rephrased.
“Secretary Clinton, if a First Lady lied on national television, and she accused people who were after the truth of conspiracy, should she be president?”
“If a Secretary of State lied to the American people about a terrorist attack in Benghazi in order to protect her self-interests, should she be president?”
“If a Secretary of State lied to the American people about her use of a private email server to handle confidential information, should she be president?”
“And if these are just some of the public lies you've been caught making before you were president, if you become president, how many lies do you think ought to be forgiven before Americans expect you to resign?”
Or is all of this just “something they should be concerned about?” Maybe just “a very serious offense?” Or perhaps another “vast, right-wing conspiracy?”
H/T: Young Conservatives
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
On the banks of River Betwa, lost amidst the glamour of Agra and Khajuraho, somewhere frozen in time, between the pages of history lies Orchha. In fact it is the only place apart from Ayodhya, where Lord Rama is worshipped as a King and not as the Almighty. Founded by the Bundela king, Rudra Pratap Singh in 16th century AD, Orchha acted as the seat to his Princely state and has a gamut of gargantuan monuments to reconnoiter. Vultures, on the other hand acts as a bonus.
In this mad race of what we call development, we often tend to knowingly disregard a basic but fragile concept of food chain. Our unschooled deeds are hell bent to reverse the order of nature. Not realizing the grave consequence that even if one unit of this chain falls, the whole system will malfunction resulting in an irreparable collapse, to which we all can just be a mute witness.
“Pehele bahut dikhte they .. ab utne nahi dikhte” (earlier they were numerous but now they are scanty) said Raghunath, our guide, pointing towards a pair of Gyps Indicus perching peacefully on a cupola, in a rather apologetic tone. He for sure was not aware of the catastrophic decline of Vultures in the Indian Subcontinent over the last two decades and the fact that having a decent Vulture breeding population in his hometown is such a rarity today.
Cradled majorly in the Cenotaphs and soaring high adorning the skies of Orchha, Vultures have made it one of their last strongholds. Intimidating looks immense wingspan and frolicking nests, Orchha, is perhaps one of the only places left in India where one can observe Vultures going about their daily chores nonchalantly.
In the last few decades more than 90% of the Vulture Population of India has been lost mainly because of incessant use of a vet painkiller - Diclofenac. In a recent first-ever Vulture census carried out by the Forest Department, 125 Vultures of four different species viz. White Backed Vulture, Long Billed Vulture, Egyptian Vulture and King Vulture were recorded in Orchha and the adjacent Orchha Wildlife Sanctuary. While the less often seen Cinereous Vulture is a migratory bird here. The census inferred that the population is stable and although on a slow pace, is on a path of recovery. A subpopulation of these flawless scavengers at Bhagwantpura (Near Jhansi) also thrives basically because of a Slaughter house present in the vicinity. Needless to say, this population is under constant threat due to habitat loss, lack of awareness among locals and accidentally Diclofenac adulterated carcasses, though this last surviving population has a lot of potential to be developed as a birding spot for the ever increasing wildlife enthusiasts and Orchha shall prove to be a cornerstone for Ornitho-Fauna conservation.
Uncanny but true to a very large extent, vernacularly, Orchha means ‘Hidden'. There are a plethora of unknown architectural marvels hidden in Orchha's kitty, each having an intriguing legend adhered to it. Herds of cows, mellifluous Bhajans mingled with intermittent ever-fervent chants of ash-smeared saffron clad saints, Orchha quite effortlessly takes one back to its glorious past. While sauntering around the town one can easily gauge that nothing much has changed, the grandeur and its culture remains unbroken, remains intact. The jewel in the heart of India is the classic amalgamation of history coupled with wildlife.
Built in the 17th and 18th century the Chatri Samooh or the Cenotaphs - A total of 14 of them, appearing more or less alike, stands tall in testimony to the bravery of all the Bundela kings and dwells the most number of Vultures as well. After having spent some time staring into nothingness that extends beyond these cenotaphs, we proceeded towards the main city of Orchha and its twin palaces. Adjacent to each other, these palaces are built in a blended architectural style combining Mughal and Bundela architecture.
We started our tour with visiting Ram Raja Temple – One of the most famous Temples of Bundelkhand, It is in fact one of the only Temples in India where a daily guard of honor is given to the main Deity i.e. Lord Rama by Police personnel. An invitation card of any wedding around is first sent to the Temple and then to other relatives and friends. A visit/pilgrimage to this Temple is a must to get an insight into the life of masses.
The Jehangir Mahal proved to be far more interesting. This 17th Century three storied grand Citadel was built by Maharaja Vir Singh of Bundelkhand for the exclusive stay of his ally Emperor Jahangir. Legend has it that Jahangir spent only one night in the Citadel and left for Lahore, never to return again to Orchha. Overlooking the River Betwa its terrace offers a serene view of the town. Most of the Citadel has been converted into a heritage hotel.
Then came the legendary Rai Parveen Mahal – According to another legend “Jhooti thaali mein to kutte khaana khaate hain” (Only Dogs feed on the leftover) said Rai Parveen, the Nightingale of Orchha, to Emperor Akbar when she was brought to the latter's court to perform.Akbar was so moved by Rai Parveen's sheer display of true love and integrity for Maharaja Indrajeet Singh of Bundelkhand that he let her go back to Orchha, unblemished and even ordered to build a Palace for her, which stands till date.
Orchha gave us an insight into how events in history are turned into myths and perhaps even folklore. Passed down generations they become something that resembles history through rose tinted glasses. Other places worth visiting in Orchha are Rani Mahal, Chaturbhuj Temple, Laxminarayan Temple, Phool Bagh, Sunder Mahal.
Orchha makes one eerie to even spare a thought about our future generations, who might never know how beautiful and diverse our country once was, and decades ago a Tower of Silence was never so silent.
Orchha for sure leaves an indelible imprint.
Cool Stuff Strange Things Hosted by Ripley's lead researcher, Sabrina Sieck, let Ripley's Believe It or Not! introduce YOU to the coolest stuff and strangest things. Today: The Cat Phone
The Princeton Cat Experiment
If we told you a live cat could be turned into a telephone, would you believe it? You better. Successful kitten transmissions were made in 1929, and believe it or not, it was no Island of Doctor Moreau shenanigan, it was done in a lab by two Princeton researchers!
RING RING
In 1929 Ernest Wever and Charles Bray thought, “Hey, how about a cat telephone? Yeah—let's do it in the name of science!” and proceeded to remove part of a cat's skull, along with most of its brain, and attach an electrode to the animal's right auditory nerve and another to the cat's body.
Those electrodes were hooked up to an amp and the signals were sent to a telephone receiver. To Ernie and Chuck's surprise, when they talked into the ear of the cat, the sound could be heard in the receiver. IT WORKED! The cat itself acted as the telephone's transmitting end.
The Cat Phone
Their research states that speech was transmitted with “great fidelity,” and was “easily received.” They even said this could actually be “employed as a means of communication.”
The Princeton cat survived the first experiment, but Ernie and Chuck went for round two, deciding to kill the cat and try again. They were not successful.
Lesson learned?
Although certain aspects of the experiment were later disproven, it is believed that this insanity inspired research on cochlear implants, which also convert sound into electrical signals. This stimulates the auditory nerve to create a sense of hearing in deaf individuals.
This is my translation of a statement made by four Finnish Green party (Green League) candidates today, calling for the use of both nuclear power and renewables to combat climate change. It illustrates quite nicely how more and more thoughtful people are beginning to accept what should be, in my opinion, quite obvious: it's well past time we had the luxury of choosing only low-carbon power sources we like. Note though that this is the opinion of these four party members, not an official recommendation. Some notes have been added to provide context for those who, for some reason, don't follow closely the Finnish energy policies. Any mistakes in translation are my own.
A green energy vision acknowledges the facts
The Finnish Green party is well known for its history of strict opposition to nuclear power. On the other hand, the party also strictly enforces the principles of open discussion. Nuclear power is a topic that divides opinions very strongly, but it is not an issue that would split the party. Even within the party, nuclear power is at the end a question of opinions, not of values. The three guiding values of the party are responsibility for the environment and the future, freedom for all, and caring for other people. These are loose and often ambiguous values. On the other hand, the newly accepted strategy of the Green party demands that the party “Reduces … the demands for unanimity – both in relation to other party members and in relations with potential partners.” As such, there exists a broad diversity of opinions, and an open discussion.
While precise and recent statistics are lacking, the party veteran Osmo Soininvaara estimated in 2012 that approximately one third of the party members could accept nuclear power, at least under some conditions. Current acceptance is not known, but for example, the latest Green energy vision does not demand the closure of the currently operating Finnish nuclear power plants. [Note: Four reactors dating from late 1970s and early 1980s currently provide about one third of our electricity and about 18% of primary energy] In the Green party political platform, nuclear power is handled as follows: “The role of expensive and old-fashioned nuclear power in Finland's energy supply shouldn't be increased. Retiring capacity should be replaced with renewable energy sources.” Our interpretation is that this platform does not necessarily rule out modern and possibly more economical nuclear technologies, such as small modular reactors. [Note: In the link, another Green party candidate, the chairman of the Greens' Climate and Energy committee Antti van Wonterghem, proposes a small modular reactor to provide heat and power to the city of Kotka.]
The party has been strictly negative regarding the Fennovoima nuclear power plant under construction, but this particular project divides opinions even among those Greens who support nuclear power. The project involves undeniable geopolitical and economic risks. [Note: The Fennovoima plant, scheduled to be online by 2025, is to be built by the Russian state company Rosatom, which will also hold a 34% share in it and provide financing to the rest of the owners. In the current geopolitical situation, the project certainly increases the risks of undesirable Russian influence in Finnish affairs.]
The Finnish Government's current bioenergy policy is nevertheless a disaster for both the climate and the Finnish nature. Increasing wood harvests will destroy our valuable forests without clear climate benefits: wood chips that are burned emit their carbon dioxide to the atmosphere right away, while similar quantity of carbon will be sequestered in newly grown forest only 50 years later. We need to get rid of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere now, not 50 years hence. Currently, it is completely clear that getting rid of fossil fuels is the most important goal. Renewable energy sources such as wind and solar power work very well, up to a point, but the practical limits of these sources will be reached surprisingly quickly. For example, wind power plants require large land areas and considerable quantities of raw materials. Solar power, on the other hand, would demand electricity storage systems that would, again, demand huge quantities of raw materials. Relying solely on renewables would demand, among other things, a lot more mining activity. All energy sources have their drawbacks from the environmental point of view.
The German Energiewende serves as a sad example of what can happen if ideology trumps reality. The German decision to shutter their nuclear plants has led to renewable energy replacing nuclear power, not fossil fuels. As a result, emissions have been reduced only marginally. In Finland, the Greens have quietly but firmly stayed on a different course from the Germans, and therefore, as Olkiluoto 3 nuclear power plant becomes operational [in 2018, it is hoped], we have a real opportunity to produce the most of our electricity with very low carbon dioxide emissions – behind the schedule and with a high price tag, but nevertheless cleanly. For us, heating and transportation pose larger challenges. Biodiesel [currently, there is much talk about biodiesel in Finland] is not a sustainable solution on a large scale. Electric cars are more sustainable, but require very drastic increases in electricity supply. For this, it is hard to see alternatives to building more nuclear power.
We are already too late in our efforts to stop climate change, and we no longer have the luxury of choosing between nuclear power and renewables. Many propose that we should put our limited resources to developing renewables, rather than nuclear power. This opinion is problematic however, as it assumes that climate change can be stopped only with those limited resources. For all practical purposes, this is not the case. Unless we spend a lot more money in all clean energy sources, we are certain to be doomed. This is caused above all by the fact that the world's energy demand grows rapidly as the living standards in developing countries increase. Therefore, it is not enough for us to replace our coal power plants with other solutions. Someone has to replace also the coal plants that are otherwise inevitably built in China and India, for example. Therefore, in practice our starting point must be that we increase the resources available for both nuclear power and for renewable energy sources. Views like these are still within a minority in the Greens, but the acceptance for an open discussion of these views is broadening.
Signed,
Jakke Mäkelä (vice-chairman of Viite, the science and technology subgroup within the Finnish Green party)
Tuomo Liljenbäck
Markus Norrgran
Heidi Niskanen
Green party candidates in the municipal elections in Turku, and members of Viite.
[Note, again, that this is the opinion of the signatories, not an official recommendation of the Viite or the Finnish Greens.]
So I've always been a fan of BCC's. Even since back in the day when I didn't re-wick and coil them myself. They just make sense – use gravity to your advantage and avoid the pain in the ass you have to deal with on gennies trying to get them to wick upwards. Of course with BCCs you have to deal more with flooded tanks and gurguling, but if you are comfortable messing around with the wick and coil setup you can get amazing performance.
In one of my several October Fasttech orders, I tacked on a GS-H5 Bcc Clearomizer. Why? Well it sure as hell wasn't for looks. But shit, for $2.55, it's a great guinea pig BCC to try some new stuff out on. This order was stuck in China's shipping hell for several weeks, but I finally got ‘er in and today I decided to take a crack at turning this little plastic shit kicker into a fog machine. I've been messing around with different coil configurations on BCCs quite a bit, and have come upon one that I am really starting to like a lot –
the carto coil.
Basically the idea is to wrap a nano coil (really small diameter coil), then position it vertically above the pin and surround it with cotton wick. This puts pressure on the outside of the coil but keeps the inside clear for air to flow, and keeps you vertically aligned with the air holes to keep everything moving naturally. I have tried this on T3s, Protanks and now the GsH5, and I have gotten really solid results so far. The end result is really similar to the way a coil looks and works in a cartomizer, except you have all the benefits of bottom wicking, and you can change the coil whenever you want and tune it to your liking.
Here's How to Do It…
This tutorial assumes you already have a basic knowledge of how to recoil a BCC. As always, please don't do crazy sub ohm coils unless you have the proper knowledge and hardware, and you know the risks. My coil in this tutorial measured in at 1.2 ohms.
First off you need to wrap a nice nano coil. I have been using a large paper clip, straightened out to wrap my coils on. You could actually take it a step further and use something with an even smaller diameter like a pin or a smaller paperclip. I used 28ga kanathal at 7 wraps around a paperclip, wrapped tightly.
The end result looks like this:
Not the greatest picture, but you get the idea – coils tightly wrapped so they all touch and plenty left on both end. You will need to turn down the leftover wire on the top and the bottom, as they will be going down into the head.
Once you've got your coil wrapped, you can assemble the head. First you will need to unscrew the head from the base, pull off the top cap, pull out the gasket and the pin, and remove the stock wick and coil.
Once you've got it empty, thread your coil through the base – I usually keep mine on the paperclip.
I take the leftover from the top end of the coil and bend that around the bottom of the base. Then thread the bottom leftover wire through the rubber gasket and put that back on.
Stick the pin back in and trim any wire still sticking out. You should have your coil aligned right over the hole and just above the pin.
It helps a lot if you keep the paperclip through the coil while you are doing this.
Once you have completed this step, you should have a coil that looks like this:
At this point, I usually like to screw the head back into the base and check my OHMs. This one came out to 1.2 ohms for me.
The next step is applying the wick. Once you've checked your ohms and everything is kosher, it's time to apply the wick.
The key here is to tightly position the wick around the coil, while making sure not to obstruct the airhole in the coil or move the coil.
I use cotton wick for this setup. You will need to tear off some TINY pieces of cotton. I usually keep the paperclip through the coil for this part to keep anything from getting into the inside of the coil. Ball up a little piece of cotton and push it down into the head to the side of the coil, without moving the coil. I use another paperclip or a small screwdriver for this, while keeping one hand holding the paperclip in the coil to keep it in position.
Repeat this process until you've got cotton tightly added around the entire coil, all the way up to the top of the coil, so that all you can really see is the hole. Then I take a couple slightly bigger chunks of cotton and push them tightly into the grooves on each side of the head, still making sure not to get anything in the way of the coil.
By this time you should have something that looks close to this:
Now you will want to apply juice to the wick until it is fully saturated. If you dry burn the wick, you could potentially have to start over again, so make sure it is fully soaked. Once you've got your wick soaked, you can put the top cap back on.
Make sure to put the rubber sleeve back on as well – I have forgotten this step countless times. it doesn't always matter but it's a good habit. I usually use a (pliers) to put back the top cap so that I can ensure it is on there super tight.
At this point, you should be good to go.
I usually like to take a few hits off of it before I completely fill it with juice, just to be on the safe side. Once you're sure It's ready to go, fill it up with juice and blast off.
If you want to pick up a GSH5 and mess around with it, you can't really go wrong for $2.55 shipped. You can check them out here.
Here's a video of the finished product – this is a cloud of “The Boss” from Naturally-Extracted-tobacco – 79 pg, 30 vg.
TROUBLESHOOTING
The main problem you can encounter is a flooded tank. If you are getting a lot of gurgling or shit in your mouth, the reason is almost surely that you don't have enough cotton. You can always go back and add more cotton to the head, so this is generally the easiest way to cure problems with this build.
If you're not getting enough vapor, then the airhole is likely being obstructed. In this case, try to remove any visible blockage. If you still can't get air through, you might need to recoil it. I have had a couple builds where the coil was just too low and close to the pin and it was causing problems with airflow – if this is the case, you probably just need to start over and try to keep the coil up slightly higher.
Any questions, leave a comment.
Korea is one of the most male-dominated societies on the globe, especially outside the Islamic world. A ranking this year of 125 countries by their proportion of female Government employees found that South Korea ranked 107th and North Korea 114th; those that ranked lower were almost all Arab countries or tiny island nations.
Scholars and social workers say wife-beating remains an integral part of life in many homes. In one recent survey, 42 percent of South Korean women said they had been beaten by their husbands at least once.
''Women should be beaten at least once every three days,'' declares an old Korean saying in loose translation. Another, also no longer used seriously, says, ''Dried fish and women both are better after they are beaten.''
To be sure, South Korea is changing, especially among educated families in the cities. But here in Punsooilri, a hamlet of 150 clustered around a couple of dirt roads, most people accept that angry husbands may slap as well as sulk.
''Of course my husband beats me,'' said Chong Chin Suk, 56, who runs the village store. ''But it was my fault because I scolded him.''
''Maybe there are some cases where it's just the man's fault,'' added Mrs. Chong, a small, plump grandmother who used a broom of twigs to sweep the dirt in front of her shop. ''But ultimately the woman is to blame, because if she won't argue with her husband, he probably won't beat her.''
Mrs. Chong said she took her beatings quietly, and she counseled her married daughter to do the same.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
''I told my daughter not to fight back,'' she said. ''I told her, 'If he hits you, just sit back and take it.' '' But in fact, Mrs. Chong added, her daughter never took that advice, and when she is hit by her husband she slugs right back -- ''like this,'' Mrs. Chong explained, shadow boxing as if she were in the ring.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Several other women, mostly younger ones, also recounted with relish how they would hit back; as they see it, fistfights are almost a sign of social progress. Yet villagers all said that beating was wrong, and that they would look down on a man who beats his wife as well as on the woman who is beaten.
''When my husband beat me, I would lie about the bruises, of course,'' said Park Kum Ok, 70, a rail-thin woman, who said her husband used to drink too much and ''go wild,'' beating her once or twice a month.
Kang Kyong Sun, a 40-year-old housewife, nodded at that and added: ''If I fight with my husband, I don't want the neighbors to know, because it's a disgrace. If you get bruised by your husband, you never tell the truth. You say you bumped into a tree, or you fell, or whatever.''
Despite the humiliation, nearly every woman interviewed in Punsooilri acknowledged having been beaten, although sometimes the admission was elicited only after a long and delicate conversation. Several women emphasized that while their husbands had beaten them in the past, they no longer did so.
''We don't fight physically now because we understand each other better,'' Mrs. Kang said, in a remark that several others repeated.
Eleven shelters for battered wives have been set up around South Korea, and reports of wife-beating are on the increase, but social workers in Seoul say the police are reluctant to get involved.
''Wife-beating is clearly a crime, but it is still regarded by many as a family matter, and the police usually don't pay much attention,'' said Shin Hye Su, a theology professor who runs a women's hot line in Seoul.
In Punsooilri as well, people said wife-beating was never regarded as a matter for the law, or even as a good reason for divorce. There has never been a divorce in the village.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While the police do not respond, villagers said they sometimes scold a man if he beats his wife frequently, shaming him into greater restraint. Moreover, life seems to be becoming a bit more equitable for men and women, and in a break from tradition parents now send their daughters to get as much schooling as their sons. Women also play a greater role in family decisions.
''I try to grab power in my family,'' said Shin Hee Sook, 40, who was carrying her baby daughter on her back in a cabbage field. ''And my husband listens to me. I told him not to drink, and now he doesn't drink so much.''
A Christian minister who lives in the village and sometimes counsels local people, Kim Young Min, said that wife beating was receding and that families were becoming stronger units.
''It used to be that women stayed home and didn't know much about the outside world, so they didn't have anything to talk about with their husbands,'' said Mr. Kim, who added that he never hits his wife. ''But now they're more knowledgeable, and they can have closer relationships with their husbands.''
Kevin Love won't be with the Cleveland Cavaliers for the NBA Finals, but he says he will be back in Cleveland and ready to play at the start of the season, according to Dave McMenamin of ESPN.
Talking to reporters for the first time since his season-ending shoulder surgery, Love said, "I truly expect to be suiting up for Game 1." When asked by a reporter if it would be for the Cavaliers, Love responded, "Yes, sir."
Love's current contract has a $16.7 million player option for 2015-16, but he could opt out to explore free agency.
He has been out since injuring his shoulder in Game 4 of the Cavaliers' first-round series against the Boston Celtics on April 26. Without Love, the Cavaliers managed to beat the Chicago Bulls and the Atlanta Hawks to advance to the NBA Finals, where they'll face the Golden State Warriors. Game 1 is set for Thursday, June 4.
Love averaged 16.4 points and 9.7 rebounds in his first season with the Cavaliers. He didn't gel as much as expected with LeBron James and Kyrie Irving early in the season, but the Cavaliers were fantastic after the All-Star break with Love on the court.
Kelly Olynyk was involved in the play that injured Love's shoulder. Love said that he texted Olynyk and that the two of them have moved on from the play with no hard feelings.
Kevin Love says he sent Kelly Olynyk a text, saying it's all good. He has moved on. — Chris Haynes (@ChrisBHaynes) May 31, 2015
Love said he lost about 15 pounds after the surgery, according to McMenamin. Love also told reporters that he's proud of what the Cavaliers have accomplished without him.
SB Nation presents: LeBron is carrying a team of spare parts. Again.
President Obama should resist a pressure campaign by some religious groups to weaken a promised executive order that would prohibit federal contractors from discriminating against gay men, lesbians and transgender people in their hiring practices.
Emboldened by the Supreme Court's addlebrained Hobby Lobby decision, several groups wrote to Mr. Obama on July 1 asking him to allow federal contractors to fire or refuse to hire workers based on their religious objections to a person's sexual orientation or gender identity.
This is not a question of religious freedom. It is a question of whether to allow religion to be used as an excuse to discriminate in employment against a particular group of people. Many states already have laws protecting gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender workers. There is no such federal law, so the presidential order (promised but not yet produced) would extend those rules to companies that receive federal contracts in states without those kinds of anti-bias laws, protecting millions more people.
Mr. Obama's resolve is being tested. There is no good reason to give religious employers a special privilege to inflict undeserved pain by, for example, refusing to hire someone to work on a government-backed project just because she happens to be a lesbian, or firing a capable employee who marries someone of the same sex.
Rescuers have drilled through to the underground chamber where 33 Chilean miners have been trapped since August.
The breakthrough at the San Jose mine came shortly after 0800 local time (1200 GMT), sparking celebrations.
It means efforts to remove the miners through the tunnel should begin within days.
The men were trapped when part of the mine collapsed on 5 August - their 65-day ordeal is the longest suffered by a group of miners caught underground.
They have been living in a shelter 700m (2,300ft) underground. However, the Plan B drill - the second of three which have been working simultaneously - has penetrated 624m to a workshop which can be reached by the miners.
Officials say everything needed for the rescue is now in place.
However, they still need to determine whether the miners can be winched up through the exposed rock, or if they will have to wait for the shaft to be encased with steel piping.
Once the drilling machinery has been removed, a camera will be lowered into the shaft to allow experts to examine the state of the rock walls.
At the scene At 0800, cries of joy could be heard from inside the camp where relatives have been living for more than two months. They'd finally been given the news they'd been waiting for - the drillers had broken through. A bell was rung and, in the morning mist, relatives scrambled up a barren hillside overlooking the site. They chanted and waved red, white and blue Chilean flags. Shortly afterwards Mining Minister Laurence Golborne walked down from the mine to talk to reporters. He pointed out that it took the drill, known here as Plan B, 33 days to reach the 33 men. This is a highly symbolic moment - effectively marking the end of the drilling process. But it's not the end of this ordeal for the miners. Cries of joy as drill reaches trapped Chile miners
Huge cranes have been brought in to lower the metal casing if it is needed.
Tests are expected to take hours, possibly days, and Mining Minister Laurence Golborne has warned that it will be three to eight days before the rescue mission can begin.
The layers of rock nearest to the surface are crumbly and loose and will definitely need casing, the BBC's Tim Willcox reports from the mine.
But if the authorities decide not to encase the rescue shaft all the way down to miners, the effort to pull them out could begin within a few days.
Once the tunnel is secured, the rescue team will set up a winch at the top of it and lower a specially designed escape capsule down to the miners, and only then will they be brought up to the surface.
Health Minister Jaime Manalich says his medical team is ready to start the rescue as early as Tuesday.
'Huge relief'
Engineers from the "Plan B" team were monitoring a live video feed from the miners' camps underground when confirmation came that the hammer had broken gingerly through the last layer of rock.
"We did it very carefully. If the hammer had gone through it might have become stuck," engineer Eugenio Eguiguren told the BBC.
"The men were really happy and excited, very emotional. The people on the surface were really happy.
"For the professional teams who work there it's an outstanding feeling."
On hearing the news, families ran up the hillside by Camp Hope waving their Chilean flags, our correspondent reports.
Relatives, many of whom have been camping near the mine since the collapse, milled around in excitement at the news. Sirens wailed in celebration.
Alicia Campos, the mother of trapped miner Daniel Herrera, said she was "very happy".
"I have a huge sense of relief because I feel I'll see my son soon," she told the BBC.
"God had his hand in this and he's going to make sure they come up safe."
It has been a long wait for the families, our correspondent Tim Willcox reports.
For weeks they have been anxiously awaiting any snippet of news, and grabbing short opportunities to speak to their loved ones by phone.
Many families waited up all night in expectation of the breakthrough, our correspondent says.
When the rescue operation begins, a medic will be sent down the shaft initially, in a special capsule, to assess the miners. Then it is expected to take an hour to winch each man to safety.
The men are expected to be split into three groups. Some who are fit and have the most technical know-how will be chosen to go first - in case something goes wrong.
Then the weakest are expected to be brought to the surface.
A final group, including some of the strongest miners, will wait till last.
For those still waiting those final hours are now likely to be easier to endure.
"I imagine it like this: today a ray of sunlight is going to make it into the mine," said Daniel Herrera's sister, Lucy.
"My brother has been buried alive for 66 days but now an end is in sight."
Over the Top Raisin Crumb Bars has 3 distinct layers with different textures and taste. A yummy oats base, a fruit filling, a perfect peanut crumb topping.
Over the Top Raisin Crumb Bars have three distinct layers with different textures and tastes. There's a slightly crunchy oats base that is topped with a layer of a special raisin jam.
Then, of course, the peanut crumb topping finishes it off.
The bars are sweet enough for a dessert but if you pour a nice cup a' tea or coffee then breakfast it is.
I have a habit of having cereal and almond milk for breakfast. Once in a while, I do a protein drink but every once in a very big while I will have a sweet treat.
It feels like a vacation and I enjoy every second of it.
This is one of those treats that can come out when you want to treat yourself good. Heck, make it for company too. I'm sure they deserve it.
A neighborhood in Queens is on edge after two men claiming to be UPS deliverymen with a holiday package shot a man at his home Thursday morning.It's pretty routine to see a UPS crew this time of year. So when the buzzer sounded Thursday morning, and then two men knocked on their door posing as delivery people, Mohibul Islam didn't suspect a thing, until the gunfire."I saw the blood, everything on the wall, and thought, 'Oh I'm finished, he shoots me in my head I'm dying now, '" Islam said.Islam, 53, was shot in the leg, but the man who had forced his way into the apartment, was now going after Islam's wife."He shoots my wife. The bullet went by the top of her head, but it did not touch her," Islam said.His young son saw it all happen."He thought it was the UPS guy because he had a box and he had the uniform and everything," the son said. "So he pushed my dad, he came into our house and locked door."Neighbors said the attackers were apparently buzzing all of the apartments in their building, and apparently someone let them in. The men then knocked on several doors before getting to the victim's first floor apartment.Neighbors heard the two volleys of gunshots."This morning by 10:00 o'clock I heard the shot and I kept hearing somebody say, 'Help, help,' a lot of noise, I step down and he's shot in the legs with blood coming out, and he said, 'Somebody shoots me,'" said Sherif Oby, a neighbor.The gunman and a second man who was the lookout, ran and are still on the loose. Neighbors all say the neighborhood is generally quiet and they had always felt safe until now."This is very, very nice and safe neighborhood. We're really shocked. I'm going out to buy some locks for the inside because I have four kids and I don't want to take the chance," Oby said.Police spent several hours Thursday collecting evidence, reviewing surveillance, and interviewing witnesses as the search for those two gunmen continues.Investigators said they have not yet been able to determine a motive for the violent ambush.----------
At first glance, Haiti might seem an odd destination for a 3D printer.
3D printers are cutting edge. They're in the news. They're printing amazing things, from custom prosthetics, to fully functional engines, to buildings. They print forms that would be impossible to manufacturable otherwise. And they're a fairly accessible toy for the DIYer to use at home.
Haiti is a beautiful country fighting to improve itself and its global standing. The forces it fights against are powerful, varied, and very deep-rooted in its history. It lacks infrastructure that many countries take for granted: clean running water, electricity, sewage treatment, waste disposal, shipping, and others.
Our organization, iLab // Haiti has brought the first two 3D printers to the country of Haiti. We have partnered with KIDmob to teach critical thinking, creative problem-solving, adaptability, and communication along with the technical skills of rapid prototyping.
We are using two of MakerBot's dual extrusion Replicator 1's, and we will add two more at the end of this month. We're teaching them to 3D model using SketchUp and Rhino, with the hope of teaching Autodesk's Inventor.
Our goal is to empower local Haitians to think differently about their surroundings and potential.
Some of their first projects are simple medical devices, such as umbilical cord clamps, which they are currently prototyping (on their fourth iteration). These medical devices would be 3D printed for direct use in local clinics with on-demand manufacturing. Hyper-local manufacturing will bypass inefficient and corrupt import systems that are currently the only option available.
With rapid prototyping tools and internet capabilities, complex 3D models can be exchanged between Haiti and other countries for production, distribution, and direct connection to the global market.
3D printers in Haiti! What will they think of next? 3D printing in space?!
iLab // Haiti is supported 100% through grassroots efforts and in-kind donations. If you are interested in supporting our cause, click here and select KIDmob from the list. We'd really appreciate it! Please contact Ashley Dara for more info.
The Federal Reserve will release its next policy statement on Wednesday, and it is broadly expected to announce an addition $10 billion reduction in quantitative easing. But for David Stockman, who memorably served as director of the Office of Management and Budget under President Ronald Reagan, the Fed's reduction in accommodative policies is coming far too late.
"I don't have any expectations at all" for what the Fed is set to announce "because I think the Fed is hopelessly lost and completely incompetent, if you want to put it starkly," as Stockman certainly did on Tuesday's episode of "Futures Now."
Read MoreWhat the Fed will do this week—and why it matters
The Fed is "a posse of academic zealots and unreconstructed Keynesians who think debt is the magic elixir, and they won't stop printing money and putting their foot on the floorboard until they really blow something up," Stockman said.
As the Eddie Bravo Invitational (EBI) continues to gather strength among jiu jitsu's submission only movement, the promotion is steadily increasing its fan base and stretching its horizons to a broader range of grapplers. After successful incursions to the male bantam, feather, light, middle, welter, medium and light heavyweight divisions, EBI is now opening an exciting and brand-new enterprise – the female flyweight division (125 lbs).
For this first female tournament, Eddie Bravo will be headlining some of jiu jitsu's the most prominent flyweights in one of EBI's most stacked events to date.
EBI 12 FEMALE FLYWEIGHTS – FULL LINE-UP
Event
Sunday, July 30, 2017
Los Angeles, CA
TALITA ALENCAR (ALLIANCE)
Arguably the most accomplished athlete on the tournament's brackets, Talita is no stranger to a big stage. At just 26 years of age there isn't much left in the grappling world that Alencar hasn't conquered, being the current IBJJF light-featherweight World Champion in both the Gi and No-Gi, as well as the Pans titleholder. Talita also conquered this year's UAEJJF Abu Dhabi World Pro championship.
Originally from Theodoro Canal‘s academy in Rio de Janeiro (GFT Recreio) and now one of the head coaches at the Del Mar Academy in Califonia, Talita Alencar is known for her scrambly style. She is explosive and loves to hunt for the submission, a recipe that falls perfectly in line with the entertainment aspect of EBI.
PATI FONTES (CHECKMAT)
The former ballet dancer Patrícia Fontes is today a tough black belt under Lucas Leite, who has in her resilience and mindset her strongest weapons. Pati's continuous search for improvement has led her to important titles, particularly in the IBJJF No-Gi circuit, where Fontes holds two world titles.
Fontes has a long history of matches against Kristina Barlaan, a rivalry that has been going on since the lower belt divisions of the sport. Barlaan is also on the tournament's brackets and the potential clash between the two under these rules will certainly be one of the high points of the tournament – considering the two have never met in a sub-only type format.
KRISTINA BARLAAN (CAIO TERRA ASSOCIATION)
One of the craftiest guard players in the game, Kristina will arguably have the “cleanest” jiu jitsu on this roster. Well versed in both Gi and No-Gi jiu jitsu, Barlaan's bigger wins have come from her gi work.
As aforementioned, Barlaan has a long history with Pati Fontes, particularly in the lower belt divisions where the two met on numerous occasions. Since reaching her black belt status Barlaan had also a few historic clashes against Alencar, whom Kristina competed against on the IBJJF Pans final this year as well as on the World Championship semi final.
TAMMI MUSUMECI (CAIO TERRA ASSOCIATION)
Another ferocious competitor out of the Caio Terra camp is Tammi Musumeci. Tammi made a name for herself in the lower belt division of the sport, having in the berimbolo one her strongest weapons.
Tammi fluctuates between the light and the featherweight divisions, making her one of the bigger athletes on the mat come July 30. Having been a black belt since 2014, Musumeci brings a ton of experience at the highest level in this sport, and will be competing as the current holder of the IBJJF Pan American title (Gi).
ERIN HERLE (ALLIANCE)
One of the best known names in the female brown belt division across the US is Erin Herle, an athlete who is familiar with long distance travelling when in pursuit of the best coaches the grappling world has to offer. A former blue belt under Romulo Barral, Herle was promoted to purple by the legendary Cobrinha and would later earn her brown belt from another legend in Marcelo Garcia. Training with the best up and down the country, expect this young competitor to come into this EBI tournament 100% battle tested, regardless of her rank.
Erin is also one of the main figures behind to Submit the Stigma (non profit organisation) and is a frequent freelance journalist and photographer for jiu jitsu related websites.
LILA SMADJA (10th PLANET)
Lila Smadja is a student of Eddie Bravo and an EBI veteran with titles in events such as the Gracie Worlds – a submission only tournament run by Rose Gracie. Smadja brings a different approach to grappling, instead of the old “Position Over Submission” jiu jitsu doctrine, Lila has a variety of submission chains resembling a catch-wrestling style of play with which she may catch a few of the traditional BJJ players – particularly when it comes to her leg-lock game.
Having competed against Talita Alencar on two occasions at EBI, Lila Smadja has a 1×1 record over the world champion, Lila's win coming via the fastest escape in overtime. The dangerous 10th Planet brown belt will be gunning for the first EBI title and will be a crowd favourite.
KATHERINE SHEN (10th PLANET)
A student of Richie Martinez at the 10th Planet Freaks – one of the most successful academies under the 10P association, Katherine is also one of the youngest competitors on the tournament at just 18 years of age – an obstacle she will try to overcome with her tremendous talent.
Katherine earned her spot on the tournament by winning the 10th Planet trials – an event set specifically for 10th Planet athletes who wish to compete in the EBI main event (all other spots are per invitation). Since her victory at the 10P trials, Shen has been awarded her purple belt.
JENA BISHOP (GRACIE HUMAITA)
Another highly accomplished competitor on this tournament is Jena Bishop, an athlete with numerous medals in some of our sport's top events. One of Bishop's main accomplishments was her double gold (weight & absolute) at the European Open this year in the Master 1 black belt division, a remarkable achievement from a lightweight competitor.
Although we do not remember seeing Jena competing in No-Gi recently, Bishop is a product of one of the most complete jiu jitsu programs in the world (Gracie Humaitá). One with consistent results on a multitude of grappling platforms, and we expect Bishop to be one of the stronger competitors in the event – and a dark horse in this race.
ERIN BLANCHFIELD (SILVER FOX/RENZO GRACIE)
A modern day renaissance (young) woman, Blanchfield embodies a “Yes We Can” attitude that will likely take her far in this sport and in life. At 18 years of age this jiu jitsu purple belt has in her double gold at last year's IBJJF World No-Gi Championships (blue belt) her biggest win in this sport.
Juggling between her academic life, her jiu jitsu (Gi and No-Gi) and kickboxing Blanchfield has her hands full, though being one of the youngest grapplers on the tournament she may not bare too much responsibility, a circumstance that may come to her advantage.
FIONA WATSON (NOTORIOUS MMA)
We don't have too much information on Watson who competes out of the Notorious MMA gym, where she coaches alongside Marcio Bittencourt. Watson is a black belt and has a silver medal at the IBJJF World Championship (albeit in a 3 competitor division).
TÁSSIA PIMENTA (GRACIE BARRA – NORTHRIDGE)
Although not a common presence in the IBJJF's top tournament podium spots as of late, Pimenta arrives with the approval stamp of one of the very best coaches in jiu jitsu – Romulo Barral, from whom Tássia earned her black belt.
Traditionally a Spider-Guard style of player, it will be interesting to see how the Gracie Barra Northridge representative will adapt to the No-Gi game in a submission only environment.
VANESSA ENGLISH (GRACIE BARRA – UK)
One of the best known British grapplers and a black belt under Victor Estima, Vanessa English competes mainly in UK's grappling circuit, and will be competing at Polaris 5 in London just a few weeks after EBI.
Aside from her many British National titles Vanessa has conquered European titles in the purple and brown belt divisions, as well as an IBJJF world title (2013) at purple belt. In fact, Vanessa was the first UK athlete to conquer the all important Mundial gold medal in an adult division.
GABBY ROMERO (LEGACY)
A black belt under Mark Bradford, Romero has had 3 professional mixed martial arts (MMA) matches, with a 2-1-0 record (all wins by submission) and competed in professional BJJ events such as the Fight To Win Pro.
We haven't seen a whole lot of footage of Gabby, but she is a black belt under Alberto Crane‘s lineage, so expect her grappling to be top notch.
OLYMPIA WATTS (GRACIE BARRA – TEXAS)
A recent addition to the brown belt division is Olympia, who is a regular presence in the international jiu jitsu circuit. A student of the gentle art under the illustrious Vinicius Draculino, Watts earned a bronze medal at the Pans this year.
RACHAEL CUMMINS (GRACIE FIGHTER)
A savvy MMA fighter, Cummins comes out of the Gracie Fighter camp, same affiliation as some of the top cage fighters in the world such as the Diaz brothers, Jake Shields and Alexis Davis. Even though Rachael has had a short career inside the cage, she's competed against the very best and will be bringing that MMA toughness to the EBI tournament, a frame of mind that has proven to be very fruitful under these rules.
LIVIA GLUCHOWSKA (ABSOLUTE MMA)
The most international athlete on the EBI tournament will be Polish-Australian black belt Livia Gluchowska, who competes out of the Maromba academy in Melbourne. A former gymnast, Gluchowska's list of achievements is extensive having in her IBJJF world titles (Gi and No-Gi) in the brown and purple belt divisions her most eye opening trophies.
Livia will be one of the smallest athletes in the competition, but will make up her size difference in speed, agility and experience.
Combat EBI Tournament
ILIMA-LEI MACFARLANE (10th PLANET)
CELINE HAGA (JACKSON WINK MMA)
AMY MONTENEGRO (GRACIE BARRA)
BROOKE MAYO (RALPH GRACIE)
U.S. flags at a naturalization ceremony in Oakland, Calif., in 2013 (Reuters photo: Robert Galbraith)
Previous legislative efforts to “fix” our immigration system have been based on the assumption that we need to have much higher levels of immigration because . . . well, the sponsors have never really gotten around to explaining that part. The Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment (RAISE) Act, introduced today by Arkansas senator Tom Cotton and Georgia senator David Perdue, is different. It is a carefully crafted, albeit limited, bill that would sharpen America's immigration system so that it serves the American economy.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In 2015, the same year that President Barack Obama lawlessly granted amnesty to upward of 5 million illegal immigrants, the United States granted green cards to more than 1 million legal immigrants. Only a fraction were for high-skilled work. Nearly seven in ten were given to relatives of current U.S. citizens or green-card holders (officially, “legal permanent residents”). Family-based chain migration, under which the U.S. gives preferential treatment to immigration applications from the kin of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents, is a key source of the large-scale immigration of low-skilled and unskilled workers that is exerting downward pressure on wages in low-skill occupations. This humane-sounding policy has become so broad as to encompass not only the spouses and minor children of U.S. citizens and green-card holders, but their adult parents, siblings, and children (married and unmarried), as well as legal permanent residents' unmarried adult children. The RAISE Act takes direct aim at this policy, restricting immigration preferences to the spouses and minor children of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents.
That change will mean that our immigration is based more on our economy's needs than on accidents of birth. It will also do what immigration advocates suggest (questionably) that our generous immigration system already does: refresh America's demographics with an infusion of youth. In fact, because of the number of adults let in under family-based chain-migration policies, current immigrant populations slant older than advocates of high immigration levels generally let on.
Advertisement
The Cotton and Perdue bill makes one right-minded exception: for elderly parents, who often end up in need of caretaking. For them, the bill creates a renewable temporary visa. The visa is not, however, a rubber stamp. It prohibits the visa-holders from accessing public benefits, and their children must demonstrate that they will provide completely for their parents' health-care needs.
The bill has two other key provisions that immigration hawks will like. The first addresses the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program, which makes 50,000 visas available annually to entrants from countries with low rates of immigration to the U.S. The “diversity lottery” serves no clear economic or humanitarian aims, and it doesn't promote any substantive diversity. The RAISE Act would end the program.
Advertisement
Second, the RAISE Act would cap the number of green cards available annually for refugees at 50,000 per year. The number of refugees who became permanent residents ballooned to nearly 120,000 in 2015, and the RAISE Act would bring that number back to near the average of the Bush/Obama era.
The proposals in the RAISE Act ought to be key elements of any conservative immigration agenda.
Democrats are likely to balk at the bill, much as they balk at any robust effort to tighten our immigration laws. But a number of them have previously signed on to paring back family-preference categories, and they have also backed ending the diversity-visa lottery. Declaring this bill inhumane, as Democrats are likely to do, will require disappearing some of their own past votes.
Obviously, the bill is not a fix-all. The H-1B visa program for high-skilled workers needs a hard look, for example, and Congress could do a great deal to add muscle to President Trump's proposed illegal-immigration crackdown. While other legislation should address those issues, the proposals in the RAISE Act ought to be key elements of any conservative immigration agenda. The senators' Republican colleagues should follow their lead on this issue.
1958 Riva Tritone “Via” Reading time: about 2 minutes. Boats
Design
Italian
Luxury
Vintage
The Tritone is a mahogany runabout that first entered production in 1950 by Riva, a company that had been founded 104 years earlier in 1846. The Tritone would represent the new top of the line for the company's models and each would be built to customer specification, with each customer invariably being royalty, celebrity or just absurdly wealthy.
The Tritone you see here was ordered by and delivered to Prince Rainier and Princess Grace of Monaco in 1958. They called their new boat “Via” and used it extensively throughout the late 1950s and early 1960s, it's said to have played host to some of the most iconic actors of the era – often running them between a private pier and the landing deck of a much larger motor yacht moored in Port Hercule.
Powered by twin Chris-Craft MCL 6-cylinder petrol engines the Riva Tritone had a top speed well in excess of 30 knots and was well-known for its high-speed handling abilities. The fit and finish throughout the boat is on par with what you'd expect for a vehicle that was delivered new to a royal family, it recently underwent a sympathetic restoration during which almost all of the original wood and both of the original engines were kept in place.
With an estimated value of somewhere in the region of $680,000 this isn't a weekend runabout for everyone, however if you have the money and simply cannot abide by fibreglass or aluminium, you can click here to visit the Tritone's listing courtesy of RM Auctions.
If you love the style of the Tritone and would like to have a go at building something similar in your garage, you can click here to visit Classic Wooden Boat Plans, be sure to check out the Baby Bootlegger and the Miss APBA Hacker as they're absolutely stunning.
Photo Credits: Michel deRuijter ©2014 Courtesy of RM Auctions
Sen. Bill Cassidy had to know he was facing a tough crowd when they tried to shout down the invocation. "Amen!" one man hollered just moments after Louisiana State Chaplain Michael Sprague began his prayer. "Let's get on with it."
"Pray on your own time," another shouted, "this is our time."
A group of women near the back of the packed room at East Jefferson Parish Library chanted: "Separation of church and state. Separation of church and state."
Cassidy never seemed to get rattled, but a little while after the rowdy exercise in democracy came to an end, the senator spotted Sprague in a hallway.
"Thanks for doing that, Mike," Cassidy said. "Wow, they booed the name of Jesus."
And if it didn't exactly go downhill from there, it never got much better.
To give the crowd every benefit of the doubt, they were there to express their anger and frustration even before the meeting's flawed logistics made them more frustrated and angry. Many had been there at 11:30 a.m Wednesday (Feb. 22) to make sure they could gain entrance to a too-small venue for an event that was scheduled to begin at 3:30 p.m.
The parking lot was filled well before 2 p.m., and police directed people to find spots in the neighborhood, which often meant walking a half mile or more.
The room only seated 200 people, so hundreds were left outside. Cassidy later said the room had been booked weeks in advance and before his staff realized the crowds would be so big. "Before this week we never had a crowd bigger than 100," he said.
The senator didn't show up until 3:52 p.m., so the crowd had some right to be a little peevish.
Sen. Bill Cassidy endures barrage of shout-downs at raucous town hall Cassidy's meeting reflected the abrasiveness that has roiled through town halls across the nation during this congressional recess.
Then came the invocation, a similarly jeered Pledge of Allegiance, and the senator took the microphone at 3:57 p.m. and thanked everyone for coming.
"I was looking at the tornado damage in New Orleans," he said to explain his late arrival.
"Boooo!" some in the crowd responded. "It's been there for weeks. This is our time."
So, Cassidy launched into explaining the bill he has proposed as a replacement for Obamacare, a topic many had said beforehand was of great interest. And there are things in Cassidy's plan that a lot of people might have embraced as positive. But the loudest folks in the gathering were having none of it. Just two slides into his PowerPoint, they dismissed his claims of improvements and demanded a change of subject.
"We can see that on your website," someone yelled, "let's move on to something else."
"We don't want information," one woman shouted, "we want our questions answered."
Then Cassidy made the mistake of starting a sentence with, "President Donald Trump has said ..." and was immediately drowned in boos. He had mentioned "He Who Must Not Be Named."
"You must stand up to him," several in the crowd shouted. "Don't be a rubber stamp."
But if Trump was the dark lord, the name that really incited the group was Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
Kenny Francis, a teacher at Schaumburg Elementary School in New Orleans, told Cassidy he was "baffled" by the senator's support for DeVos who Francis said was clearly unqualified and incompetent.
When Cassidy pointed to the answers DeVos had given to questions about upholding the law and supporting public schools, many in the crowd retorted: "She lied."
"I know why you supported her," said one woman in a group with small signs that said: "BOUGHT AND PAID FOR" on one side and "SENATOR FOR SALE $70K" on the other.
Cassidy denied reports that DeVos had contributed $70,000 to his Senate campaign, saying that would be illegal. "We don't believe you," several people shouted back.
So, they didn't want information and they didn't like his answers. The point was to express pure, unbridled anger. If not always directly at Cassidy, certainly at Trump.
When Cassidy closed things down at 4:51 p.m., he was met with a chorus of: "DO YOUR JOB, DO YOUR JOB."
Did he think these were pre-fab Democratic protesters brought in to make him look bad?
"No, no," Cassidy said. "I assume they're Americans who care about our country, who feel differently about Trump than most folks in Louisiana do. But they're coming out with their constitutionally protected right to assemble and speak. And isn't that a good thing?"
Although he later conceded it wasn't all good.
"There were some there who wished to be heard but did not want to listen," he said. "And, unfortunately, what they wished others to hear was a chant."
Tim Morris is an opinions columnist at NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune. He can be reached at tmorris@nola.com. Follow him on Twitter @tmorris504.
A new University of Nebraska-Lincoln study has shown that golden-crowned sparrow chicks can name their tune in just one note – even before knowing the song.
The research suggests that week-old golden-crowned chicks, despite not yet learning their mating song, can distinguish that song from another sparrow species' based on its introductory whistle alone.
Nebraska biologists Emily Hudson and Daizaburo Shizuka found that golden-crowned chicks generally chirped more when hearing their species' first note vs. that of the white-crowned sparrow, a closely related species that likewise inhabits the western edge of North America. Golden-crowned chicks also responded similarly when hearing just their opening whistle or their entire mating song.
Golden-crowned sparrow song
The study supports a longstanding hypothesis that songbirds are born with an “auditory template” that predisposes them to recognize and learn their own species' song over others.
“What we often fail to realize about learning is that we … have to filter out information and figure out what is relevant,” said Shizuka, assistant professor of biological sciences. “We're looking for these simple cues that could act as an initial filter to (determine) whether something is worth learning or not. There are not that many systems in which we actually have a starting point for that, but this is one.”
White-crowned sparrow song
Though golden-crowned and white-crowned sparrows could interbreed, they generally do not in the Alaskan habitat that the team surveyed for its study. The fact that the two independent species live in such close proximity makes the habitat an ideal setting for examining links among communication, learning and evolution, said Hudson, a doctoral student whose dissertation informed the study.
“Even though they're living side by side, it seems like they're pretty good at not making mistakes about who to breed with, and that's not actually a given with closely related bird species,” Hudson said. “It seems like a biologically important problem for them to solve – to tell the difference (between songs) – because it's not just theoretical that they might bump into this other species.
“In a broader sense, we're really interested in this template and these innate mechanisms because we think they're probably important in terms of keeping bird species from interbreeding and allowing them to become more divergent.”
Comparing notes
Hudson, Shizuka and their colleagues collected data during a six-week summer expedition to southern Alaska. After tracking female golden-crowned sparrows to their nests and identifying chicks that were about a week old, the researchers temporarily removed the chicks from the nest and played each chick one of four recordings: the golden-crowned whistle, golden-crowned song, white-crowned whistle or white-crowned song. The team then measured the number of times a golden-crowned chick chirped before, during and after the recording.
“If you want to see what's in place before learning – what these mechanisms are that are going to guide learning later – a good time to do that is before the sparrows have fledged, while they're still in the nest,” Hudson said. “Historically, that's not been done that much, because it's harder (than recording older sparrows).”
The study also represents one of the few successful efforts to collect nestling data in the field rather than the lab, Shizuka said. That's especially important, he said, because researchers remain uncertain about how exposure to other sounds might influence song learning.
Matt Wilkins Nebraska biologists Emily Hudson (left), Daizaburo Shizuka (second from left) and their colleagues tracked golden-crowned sparrows to their nests in southern Alaska.
Hudson said the team is conducting further research to explore that very issue. On a later expedition, the researchers recorded 24 hours of sound at each nesting site before performing the same experiment. After determining how much of the golden- and white-crowned song each chick was hearing, the team will look for links between that song exposure and golden-crowned responses.
“Even though we don't think they've started learning their adult song yet,” Hudson said, “they may be picking up some kind of environmental variation that's affecting their behavioral response when they're chicks.”
Hudson and Shizuka's study appeared in the journal Animal Behaviour.
UPDATE: CNN has been carrying live feed of the flow out of the riser, as the RIT is now removing around 5,000 bpd from the riser.
The picture shows both of the relief wells and the original well, as of today. It gives some idea of the overall layout of the three wells, and the points where the original well will be intersected.
There have been a number of steps forward in dealing with the massive oil spill and continued oil leak from the BP well in the Gulf. BP has now posted a status illustration of the two relief wells that are being drilled to intersect and finally kill the initial well.
While there has been steady progress on a number of fronts; the riser insertion tube (RIT) is now pumping 3,000 bd; a check on the fluid being collected shows that the gas content is higher with a gas:oil ratio of 5,000 rather than the 3,000 initially estimated; and the top kill injection is now scheduled for Sunday. There were four successful surface burns yesterday. There is not a lot otherwise that is new in terms of killing the well, though the oil is now arriving on shore and starting to have an impact. There was also the possibility of a Kevin Costner idea being adopted; a problem for a CBS crew; and a clarification of the role of Schlumberger.
There was a Press Conference today, and a BP official on PBS News Hour, and it is from these sources and a quick reference that I am writing the post tonight.
One of the issues that has been continuously referred to has been the progress of the oil spill both on the surface, and underwater. Unfortunately the underwater, and heavier oil, is now beginning to appear in the marshes of Louisiana and the surface traces of the plume are beginning to get drawn into the Loop Current. The surface indication is the presence of a sheen on the surface. The thickness of that layer can be assessed by looking at the refraction, but it is not that easy.
An estimate of the quantity of oil observed at sea is crucial. Observers are generally able to distinguish between sheen and thicker patches of oil. However gauging the oil thickness and coverage is rarely easy and is made more difficult if the sea is rough. All such estimates should be viewed with considerable caution. The table below gives some guidance. Most difficult to assess are water-in-oil emulsions and viscous oils like heavy crude and fuel oil, which can vary in thickness from millimeters to several centimeters
Source (MMS)
The transcript of the News Hour interview with Bob Dudley of BP this confirmed the 3,000 bd recovery figure through the RIT, and that they are continuing to open the choke that controls the flow up to the surface ship that is collecting the oil, and flaring the gas. He noted the high gas content, at the greater oil flow. The pipe is now collecting more than 13 million cubic feet of gas a day. With that high a gas content, at least half the plume that has been coming from the pipes is made up of gas. Because of that gas content, it is hard to measure the exact volumes of fluid that are leaving the pipe. But he also noted that the larger numbers that have been quoted in the press, of 70,000 to 100,000 bd are purely sensational and not based on science. Unfortunately they also serve to increase alarm and suggest threats to the tourist industries of Alabama, Mississippi and Florida that do not realistically exist.
He further commented that the failure of the blowout preventer (BOP) in this circumstance is unprecedented, and that the dispersant being used is the one that the Coast Guard has been using for over 20 years, after extensive EPA testing. And, in regard to liability:
We have said we're not going to hide behind a $75 million cap on the liabilities. To date, we have spent more than half-a-billion dollars on the spill response. We're not going to ask for reimbursements for the American people for that effort. And we're going to keep at this. And shutting the well off, containing it at sea, and keeping it off the beaches as long as it takes, Jeff.
The transcript of the press conference was not posted as I write this, but there are comments available from it, which largely bore out what the BP official said (unfortunately I have lost the site that I was getting the info from). There was, however, a comment that the “hot tap” had made it back into consideration, and that an idea by Kevin Costner was also possibly going to be tried.
Costner came forward last week with an oil spill cleanup technology he started devising after the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska. Surrounded by local and state politicians, he demonstrated a $24 million centrifuge device that he said could be placed on barges and used to suck in oily water, separate the oil and spit out mostly pure water.
Incidentally there has been a response to the story of a CBS crew being stopped. The Unified Command issued a statement that said, in part:
Tonight CBS Evening News reported they were denied access to oiled shoreline by a civilian vessel that had clean-up workers contracted by BP, as well as Coast Guard personnel on board. CBS News video taped the exchange during which time one of the contractors told them (on tape) that " ... this is BP's rules not ours." Neither BP nor the U.S. Coast Guard, who are responding to the spill, have any rules in place that would prohibit media access to impacted areas and we were disappointed to hear of this incident. In fact, media has been actively embedded and allowed to cover response efforts since this response began, with more than 400 embeds aboard boats and aircraft to date. Just today 16 members of the press observed clean-up operations on a vessel out of Venice, La. The only time anyone would be asked to move from an area would be if there were safety concerns, or they were interfering with response operations. This did occur off South Pass Monday which may have caused the confusion reported by CBS today. The entities involved in the Deepwater Horizon/BP Response have already reiterated these media access guidelines to personnel involved in the response and hope it prevents any future confusion.
And in regard to the Schlumberger crew that apparently were on the rig to run a Cement Bond Log (CBL), Schlumberger has made a statement .
The company, which had not previously revealed its work on the Horizon, said in an emailed statement that it performed wireline services for BP Plc on the rig in March and April, completing the last services on April 15 and leaving a crew on standby in case any more were needed. "On the morning of April 20, 2010, BP notified the Schlumberger crew that it could return to its home base in Louisiana," Schlumberger said in a statement, which a spokesman for the company confirmed by phone. The crew departed the rig at about 11:00 a.m. on April 20 on one of BP's regularly scheduled helicopter flights, Schlumberger said.
It has been suggested that they could have performed a CBL (cement bond log) to assess the quality of the cement lining at the bottom of the casing, but were not asked to do so before they left.
Probert (of Halliburton) told a Senate committee last week that the cement bond log is "the only test that can really determine the actual effectiveness of the bond between the cement sheets, the formation and the casing itself." Gregory McCormack, director of the Petroleum Extension Service at the University of Texas, called the cement bond log the "gold standard" of cement tests. It records detailed, 360-degree representations of the well and can show where the cement isn't adhering fully to the casing and where there may be paths for gas or oil to get into the hole. Schlumberger's Harris said the contractor was ready to do any such wireline tests, but was never directed to do so. The team had finished doing tests on the subsea layers of earth being drilled five days earlier and hadn't done any work since, Harris said.
The Times Picayune has a graphic showing that the last cement injection did not seal to the one above it, leaving a gap through which gas could enter the well. It is not clear whether the gas entered the well there, or from some other point in the well, nor whether the initial gas flow then progressed up the outside of the casing (the annulus), or up inside the production casing itself.
Structures, in the sociological sense, constrain human agency. And for that reason, I see John Pike as a casualty of the system, too. Our police forces have enshrined a paradigm of protest policing that turns local cops into paramilitary forces. Let's not pretend that Pike is an independent bad actor. Too many incidents around the country attest to the widespread deployment of these tactics. If we vilify Pike, we let the institutions off way too easy.
That these changes in the police force have occurred is not in dispute. They've been sufficiently open that academics can write long papers detailing the changes in police responses to protests from the middle of the 20th century to today. They are described in one July 2011 paper by sociologist Patrick Gillham called, "Securitizing America." During the 1960s, police used what was called "escalated force" to stop protesters.
"Police sought to maintain law and order often trampling on protesters' First Amendment rights, and frequently resorted to mass and unprovoked arrests and the overwhelming and indiscriminate use of force," Gillham writes and TV footage from the time attests. This was the water cannon stage of police response to protest.
But by the 1970s, that version of crowd control had given rise to all sorts of problems and various departments went in "search for an alternative approach." What they landed on was a paradigm called "negotiated management." Police forces, by and large, cooperated with protesters who were willing to give major concessions on when and where they'd march or demonstrate. "Police used as little force as necessary to protect people and property and used arrests only symbolically at the request of activists or as a last resort and only against those breaking the law," Gillham writes.
That relatively cozy relationship between police and protesters was an uneasy compromise that was often tested by small groups of "transgressive" protesters who refused to cooperate with authorities. They often used decentralized leadership structures that were difficult to infiltrate, co-opt, or even talk with. Still, they seemed like small potatoes.
Then came the massive and much-disputed 1999 WTO protests. Negotiated management was seen to have totally failed and it cost the police chief his job and helped knock the mayor from office. "It can be reasonably argued that these protests, and the experiences of the Seattle Police Department in trying to manage them, have had a more profound effect on modern policing than any other single event prior to 9/11," former Chicago police officer and Western Illinois professor Todd Lough argued.
No one wanted to be Seattle and police departments around the country began to change. "In Chicago for example, paramilitary gear such as that worn by the Seattle Police was quickly acquired and distributed to officers," Lough continued, "and the use of force policy was amended to allow for the pepper spraying of passive resistors under certain circumstances." (That emphasis is mine.)
Google I/O is well underway and the search giant has already revealed a number of compelling hardware and software announcements. Just a few moments ago, Google announced some exciting new Virtual Reality developments with the introduction of a new VR platform called Daydream.
DON'T MISS: Live coverage: Watch the Google I/O 2016 keynote right here
So while we didn't get the standalone VR headset that was previously rumored, Daydream still has a lot of interesting surprises in store for us. Designed as a platform built atop of Android N, Google's ambition with Daydream is to foster the creation of a broad and all-encompassing ecosystem. Consequently, Google relayed that it has developed reference specifications for manufacturers who wish to create Daydream capable smartphones, apps, and headsets.
And speaking of apps, Google said that the type of apps Daydream is intended to support extends beyond gaming and will include apps like HBO Now, Netflix, and MLB's beloved MLB.com app. And not surprisingly, Google also plans to bring its own homegrown apps like YouTube and Google Photos to the VR party.
While the launch of Daydream-ready phones isn't right around the corner, the release of a new virtual reality platform signals that the search giant is willing to throw a considerable amount of resources behind the impending VR revolution.
Now if any of this sounds familiar, it's because Google's strategy here is effectively similar to what it achieved with Android.
Fortune astutely observes:
When it comes to hardware, Google is late to the VR party. Still, [Clay] Bavor insists that its impact could be the most significant. By creating both the software and the hardware for VR (but allowing partners to make their own versions), Google is copying its own playbook for Android, the world's top mobile operating system. Samsung and HTC, two major Android phone manufacturers, will develop Daydream-ready phones. Gaming giants Ubisoft and Electronic Arts ea will create Daydream-ready VR games.
Other hardware manufacturers committed to developing Daydream-ready smartphones include Asus, LG, ZTE, Alcatel, Xiaomi and Huawei.
A quick cut of what Google's VR utopia looks like can be seen below.
Developing…
For more news and coverage from Google's developers event, check our Google I/O 2016 hub.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Today marked US Uncut's second big nationwide protest. From coast-to-coast, more than forty cities joined in a day of action protesting the tax-dodging practices of massive corporations that they see as the real source of the country's deficit. Ad Policy
“I'm tired of people calling for shared sacrifice and it's all coming from the workers and nothing's coming from the top,” says protester Dave Sonenberg. “I'm sick of companies like Bank of America not paying their taxes.”
Bank of America hasn't paid a nickel in federal income taxes for the past two years, and in fact raked in an additional $1 billion in tax “benefits.” The bank is enjoying these profits after accepting $45 billion from taxpayers, which the company then got to count as a deduction when they paid back the money.
Big corporations get to play by a whole different set of rules, says tax expert Bob Willens of New York-based Robert Willens LLC:
It's also not unusual for a company to pay no federal taxes, while still paying state and local taxes, Willens said. Items that can be deducted for federal purposes aren't always deductible for state and local returns, he said. State taxes can also be based on the amount of capital deployed in a state, not pre-tax income.
This is why two-thirds of corporations in America pay no federal income taxes. If they were forced to, we're told, the whole country would suffer. Jobs would be lost, salaries slashed. Thank heavens we've avoided such calamity by allowing corporations to shape legislation in their favor.
In 2010, Bank of America handed out $2.2 million in campaign contributions to Congressional representatives and PACs (36 percent went to Democrats, 64 percent to Republicans). By throwing around that much cash, huge companies like BoA have a big say when it comes to crafting legislation that permits them to escape paying taxes, according to US Uncut organizer J.A. Myerson.
“The reason it's not illegal is because they have bought and paid for the people who make the laws. The laws are made to accommodate this sort of nefariousness,” he says, adding that the process is wrong, and ordinarily that would mean approaching Congress to ask them to fix it, but there's no point in attempting that when the system is so heavily rigged in favor of the rich and well connected. “So what US Uncut is doing right now is not Capitol Hill lobbying because that doesn't seem like it's a fruitful avenue. It's trying to directly undermine the ability of Bank of America to earn record windfall profits by depleting the public trust that they are an upstanding member of society.”
The rigged game has left citizens feeling burnt and angry. An activist named Sally says BoA's practice of evicting people from their homes without the original mortgage notes is illegal, but that “illegal doesn't seem to matter.”
Organizers created fake checks that represent what Bank of America should have paid in taxes during 2009 ($1.5 billion). The plan was to go into BoA, attempt to cash the checks, and then ask for a manager when the understandably flummoxed teller didn't know what to do. US Uncut planners reminded the protesters to be courteous to everyone: the tellers, the manager and police. The process appeared to go on without a hitch until my cameraman and I went into BoA with US Uncut organizer Duncan Meisel.
The bank's manager recognized Meisel from being part of the Uncut protests and immediately asked for the police to remove us. Meisel said he was in the bank to cash the check, and when the officer discerned it was fake (because it looks incredibly fake), he told us to leave, claiming we were giving the tellers “a hard time” before.
“Get out,” the cop ordered. “You want to get out or get a criminal summons?” At which point, my cameraman, Zach Roberts, stated he was a Bank of America customer, a credential that didn't appear to impress the officer at all.
“You want to play games?” he asked. “Give me your ID.” Meisel stated that he intended to leave, but he also produced his wallet and extended it to the officer, who grabbed it and shoved Meisel backwards.
The police then detained Meisel inside BoA before ultimately giving him a ticket for disorderly conduct. Afterwards, Meisel harbored no ill feelings toward the officer. “It sounds like he had a bad day today, but it's not anything personal. I know cops have it bad these days because there's budget cuts coming from them. There's budget cuts coming from everybody. I'd rather not have a summons, but I don't hold it against anyone.”
Alan Moore's The Killing Joke is a seminal moment in mainstream comics. It's one of those stories that set the industry on a path that was dark and ugly, featuring a scene where the Joker shoots Commissioner Gordon's daughter Barbara (aka Batgirl) through the spine, as well as possibly raping her*. All of this is intermixed with what is largely considered the definitive origin story for the Joker. The Joker's plan in The Killing Joke is to break Gordon, to prove that anyone can go mad after 'one bad day,' but Gordon stands tall and refuses to get revenge and kill The Joker.
The story (intended as a Batman annual, released as a standalone graphic novel) ends with Batman catching The Joker. The Joker tells Batman a joke:
See, there were these two guys in a lunatic asylum... and one night, one night they decide they don't like living in an asylum any more. They decide they're going to escape! So, like, they get up onto the roof, and there, just across this narrow gap, they see the rooftops of the town, stretching away in the moon light... stretching away to freedom. Now, the first guy, he jumps right across with no problem. But his friend, his friend didn't dare make the leap. Y'see... Y'see, he's afraid of falling. So then, the first guy has an idea... He says 'Hey! I have my flashlight with me! I'll shine it across the gap between the buildings. You can walk along the beam and join me!' B-but the second guy just shakes his head. He suh-says... He says 'Wh-what do you think I am? Crazy? You'd turn it off when I was halfway across!
The Joker begins laughing, and slowly Batman joins him. He puts his hands on The Joker's... shoulders? neck? and the camera zooms in on their feet and raindrops falling in puddles. Laughter and the sound of sirens fill the panels, until the laughter stops and then the sirens stop.
This, comic writer Grant Morrison says, is where Batman kills The Joker.
I have to admit I never saw it that way, and I bought the book when it came out in 1988. I've read this story a zillion times and I never thought that what Alan Moore had done was write essentially the last Batman story - the story where The Joker beats Batman by forcing him into murder. Basically it's Seven, but years before Seven. And now I can't see that last page as anything but Batman killing The Joker. Which is problematic on a certain level, as the events of The Killing Joke are considered canon and Barbara Gordon, post-paralysis, became the information broker Oracle.
But still! That reading of the ending makes more sense, and it actually reduces some of the complaints about the story's misogyny. As always in comics the female character is broken, killed or depowered while the heroes walk out unscathed... unless you read the ending as Batman killing The Joker, which means Batman is just as broken, but in a different way. The character is, essentially, destroyed. I mean, the story's still pretty misogynistic, but this takes the edge off.
Alan Moore and artist Brian Bolland have both downplayed the importance of The Killing Joke; it seems as if neither of them like it that much. In an interview Moore seemed downright regretful for crippling Barbara:
"I asked DC if they had any problem with me crippling Barbara Gordon - who was Batgirl at the time - and if I remember, I spoke to Len Wein, who was our editor on the project...[He] said, 'Yeah, okay, cripple the bitch.' It was probably one of the areas where they should've reined me in, but they didn't."
What do you think? Is Batman strangling the life out of The Joker at the end? Here's the entire page to help you decide:
* This is up for debate. He definitely takes nude photos of her and shows them to Gordon.
Mustard
A piquant condiment made from the seeds of the mustard plant. When the seeds are crushed, two elements, myronate and myrasin, are released, creating a fiery tasting essence. It is either left in a powdered form to which the consumer adds water; or it is mixed with water, wine, vinegar, or a combination of these ingredients, in a food processing plant.
Background
Mustard seeds have been used for culinary purposes since prehistoric times. You will find mention of them in the Bible. The plants were cultivated in Palestine and then made their way to Egypt where they have been found in the pyramids.
The seeds were chewed during meals, quite possibly to disguise the rank flavor of spoiled meat. The Romans were known to crush the seeds and mix them with verjuice (unripened grape juice). Greek and Roman cooks used the seeds in a flour form, or mixed into a fish brine to flavor both fish and meat.
By the fourth century, mustard was being used in Gaul and Burgundy. Pope John XXII was so enamored of its flavor that he created a new office, grand moutardier du pape (great mustardmaker to the pope), and installed his nephew as the first moutardier.
In 1390, the French government issued regulations for the manufacture of mustard, decreeing that it contain nothing more than "good seed and suitable vinegar." Two hundred years later, corporations of vinegar and mustard manufacturers were founded at Orleans and Dijon.
Mustard popularity increased in the eighteenth century, thanks to two innovators. An Englishwoman named Clements developed a recipe that combined mustard powder with water. She traveled the countryside selling her product, keeping its ingredients a secret. King George I is said to have been a frequent customer. In Dijon, France, a mustard manufacturer named Niageon created a recipe for a strong mustard that combined black and brown seeds with verjuice.
In 1777, one of the most famous names in mustard was created when Maurice Grey, who had invented a machine to crush, grind and sieve seeds, joined forces with Auguste Poupon. The resulting Grey-Poupon Dijon mustard is made from brown or black mustard seeds that have been mixed with white wine.
In 1804, a British flour miller named Jeremiah Colman expanded his business to include the milling of mustard seeds. His process for producing his dry mustard is virtually unchanged since that time, with the only alteration being the use of brown seeds instead of black ones. Brown and white seeds are ground separately and then sifted through silk to filter out the seed hulls and bran. The two mustards are then blended and poured into tins.
By the turn of the century, an American named Francis French was also finding success making mustard. French's version was milder, made solely with white seeds, colored bright yellow with tumeric and made tart with vinegar.
The process by which mustard is made has not changed substantially over the years. The seeds are cleaned, crushed, sieved, and sifted. A variety of liquids such as wine and vinegar are added to make prepared mustards. Just like Mrs. Clements of Great Britain, however, manufacturers are still secretive about the precise measurements of each ingredient.
Today, most of the work is done by sophisticated machinery. In the earliest times, the seeds were crushed and grinded by hand. Then, steam-powered stampers were used. Now, the seeds are loaded into roller mills that can flatten and hull them simultaneously.
Raw Materials
Brown (Brassica juncea) and white (Sinapis alba) mustard seeds are used to make mustard. They are sown in March and April, the plants usually flower in June, harvesting takes place in September. It is important to harvest before the pods are fully ripe because they will split and spill the seeds out. An 8 oz (226.8 g) jar of mustard requires approximately 1,000 seeds.
Before the invention of modern farming procedures, much of the work was done by hand. Quality was difficult to assure. Today, plant breeding allows the farmer to produce a consistently high quality seed. Combines have eliminated the back-breaking work of hand-cutting the plants with sickles.
Eighty-five percent of the world's mustard seeds are grown in Canada, Montana, and North Dakota. Most mustard producers purchase seeds from a cooperative. The seeds are stored by the tens of thousands in silos until they are ready to be used. Samples are taken from each shipment and tested for quality.
Vinegar, water and/or white wine are purchased from an outside supplier and added to the milled mustard seed to make a paste. A variety of spices including tumeric, garlic, paprika, and salt are added to the mustard paste for flavoring and color. These are purchased from outside supplier. Other ingredients may be added to the mustard paste to create flavored varieties. These ingredients are purchased from an outside supplier and range from lemon to honey to horseradish.
The Manufacturing
Process
Seeds are examined, cleaned,
dried, and stored
1 When the seeds arrive from the harvester, they are visually examined for quality. They are then loaded onto conveyer belts and passed underwater sprayers to remove dirt and other debris. After the seeds dry, they are stored in silos until ready to use.
Seeds are soaked
2 Some companies soak the mustard seeds in wine and vinegar for lengths of time ranging from a few hours to several days. This softens the seeds, making the hulls easier to remove.
Seeds are crushed and ground
3 The seeds are loaded into roller mills, where large wheels crush and grind them into a flour. Some companies subject the seeds to numerous rounds of crushing and grinding in order to obtain a desired degree of fineness.
Hulls and bran are sifted out
4 The crushed seeds are passed through sieves, so that the hulls and bran fall to a tray underneath. Heartier varieties of mustard may include the hulls.
Liquids added to the seed flour
5 The seed flour is loaded into large mixing vats and specific proportions of white wine, vinegar and/or water are added. The mixture is blended until a paste is created.
Seasonings and/or flavorings are
added
6 Pre-measured amounts of seasoning and/or flavorings are added to the paste and blended thoroughly.
Mustard paste is heated and
cooled
7 The mustard mixture is then heated to a pre-determined temperature and allowed to simmer for a pre-determined time. It is then cooled to room temperature. Some varieties
The mustard is bottled and packed
for shipment
8 Pre-measured amounts of mustard are poured into glass jars or plastic bottles that are moving along a conveyer belt. Lids are vacuum-sealed onto the tops of the containers. The containers are then loaded into cartons for shipment.
Quality Control
All manufacturers check the mustard at each point in the process. Government food processing regulations set parameters for cleanliness in the plant. These regulations include all utensils and machinery, floors, and workers' garments
The Future
In the United States, mustard is used more than any other spice except pepper. Mustard is also popular in Europe and Asia. By the late twentieth century, mustard cookery became a favorite of both professional and amateur chefs. Recipes were developed to use mustard as a marinade for meats and fish. Mustard sauces were developed for a wide variety of dishes. The number and types of flavors seem to be restricted only by the imagination.
Where to Learn More Books Jordan, Michele Anna. The Good Cook's Book of Mustard. Reading, Massachusetts: Addison-Wesley, 1994. Lang, Jenifer Harvey, ed. Larousse Gastronomique. New York: Crown Publishers, 1988, reprinted 1998. Roberts-Dominguez, Jan. The Mustard Book. New York: Macmillan, 1993. Other Mount Horeb Mustard Museum. 109 E. Main Street, Mount Horeb, WI 53572. (608) 437-3986. http://www.mustardweb.com/index.html/ (June 29, 1999). Nabisco. http://www.nabisco.com/museum/gpoupon.html/ (June 29, 1999). Unofficial Colman's mustard site. http://ilhawaii.net/-danrubio/mustard/history/ (June 29, 1999).
Poker Night at the Inventory is a good example of what you can do within smart limitations. This is a game of Texas Hold 'Em where you're always playing against the same opponents and everyone starts with $10,000... and that's it. The game takes place in a club designed to keep drinking and gaming alive during the Prohibition, and it's very hard to dislike a game that begins by slamming the 18th Amendment.
The game is no-frills Poker, but the secret is in the setting. You're playing against Strong Bad, The Heavy from Team Fortress 2, Tycho from Penny Arcade, and Max from Sam and Max, and everyone sits around the table chewing the fat. The dialog snaps and crackles with wit and surprises, and if you've spent as much time with these characters as I have, it feels like hanging out with old friends. The game is a wonderful time sink: you just sit back, play cards, and enjoy the interaction.
That's it. The characters talk, react, joke, and have fun with each other. The game itself is merely a good representation of Texas Hold 'Em, but it's worth playing just to hear everyone around the table discuss the game. It's a slower-paced experience and the dialog begins to repeat itself after a while, but the game is only $5 on Steam for both PC and OS X. By the time you get bored, you will have gotten your money's worth.
It's a fun gimmick that's used well, and the price and the features all fit. You'll even unlock some things for Team Fortress 2, although they're purely aesthetic. The only thing that weirded me out was Tycho's voice. Fans of the comic likely have a strong idea of what he already sounds like, and I've had a bunch of conversations with him in real life, so hearing a voice actor coming out of the cartoon character was odd. You get used to it though, and the voice works. It's just not what I imagined.
The characters all like and dislike different people at the table, and the relationships are wonderful to watch as you play. This is a simple idea, but brilliantly executed. Go buy it.
Keylor Navas smiles when he hears the nickname his teammates have given him - Keylor 'Paras', a pun on his surname which might be translated as 'Mr Save'. The name is now in common use among the Real Madrid squad, who are not at all surprised at his current level of form. His great stops were already regular occurrences at the Valdebebas training ground and now they have gone back on to the world stage, where he shone for Costa Rica in Brazil.
The whole squad adores him. They know that his mental strength is a key factor in his performances. When he first arrived at the Santiago Bernabéu he was buzzing. He was fresh from the World Cup where he had performed well enough to be signed by Real Madrid. But once the season got underway and he realised he was just the back-up keeper, he went downhill somewhat. Perhaps it was noticeable in some of the 11 games he actually did take part in. However, Keylor has shown commendable resilience to bounce back and is now looking virtually unbeatable.
The former Levante man has shown himself to be solidly sure and confident in the worst possible scenario - taking over from Iker Casillas after almost being on a plane on his way to sign for Manchester United. Far from affecting him, it has acted as a tonic for Keylor, who is now experiencing some of the best moments of his ever-improving career.
The 28-year-old has let in just three goals in 12 matches, which equates to a mere 0.25 per game. There is no case history at Real Madrid of any keeper who has conceded fewer goals in the first dozen games in a season. Keylor 'Mr Save' is the new Real Madrid number 1 and not just because of the jersey he wears.
The closed beta for StarCraft 2: Legacy of the Void, the third installment of Blizzard's real-time strategy sequel, will kick off March 31 for participating players, Blizzard Entertainment confirmed today. It will include a host of changes to StarCraft 2's resource economy, Archon Mode and more than a dozen new and retooled units.
Blizzard details many of the changes players will notice in Legacy of the Void's closed beta in a blog post and in a preview video, explaining that it's toying with how resources are handled. The developer wants to give an advantage to players willing to aggressively expand and defend their bases, it says. It's also increasing the starting number of resource workers to 12 in an attempt to "reduce the downtime at the start of games."
Players will also get access to the two-player cooperative Archon Mode. The new mode lets a pair of players control a single army at the same time. Blizzard says it's "a great way to ease a friend into StarCraft who may have never played previously."
Legacy of the Void will introduce a bunch of new units for the Protoss, Terran and Zerg.
The Protoss are getting two new units: Adept and Disruptor. The Adept is a ranged unit that deals damage to ground units and can send out a mirror-image "shade" of itself, then transport to that unit's location after a short duration. The Disruptor is a "micro-intensive splash damage option" for the Protoss. There are additional changes coming to the race's Warp Prism, Immortal, Oracle and Tempest.
The Zerg will get the new Ravager, a ranged unit that can deal high area damage with its corrosive bile, and see the return of the Lurker. The Corruptor, Viper and Swarm Host are also getting new abilities and roles.
Finally, Terrans will get a new unit called the Cyclone, which can lock onto targets and deal high damage as long as it's tethered to the enemy unit. Battlecruisers can now teleport anywhere on the map and Siege Tanks can now be picked up and dropped while they're still in Siege mode.
Blizzard says it's working to design an additional unit for the Terrans, and "are interested in collaborating with players testing Void to identify a suitable option that will round out the army."
StarCraft 2: Legacy of the Void's closed beta test will kick off March 31, when beta invites will start rolling out to players.
Kubernetes 1.9 and a look inside the Kubernetes project
• By Eric Chiang
Kubernetes is the highest velocity cloud-related open source project, and its pace of development isn't slowing down. This week the project will ship Kubernetes 1.9, its latest release, coming three months after Kubernetes 1.8. The new version includes a number of updates, fixes, and new features, as you can see in the release notes. Many of these changes are "under the hood," however – so rather than diving into a feature checklist here, it's worth looking at the overarching goals driving the next phase of Kubernetes development.
As adoption increases, the Kubernetes project faces new challenges to scale and service its growing contributor base. Rather than adding new features to "core," much of the current work involves refactoring the Kubernetes code base so that it is less monolithic. This effort has the dual purposes of making sub-projects easier to consume and maintain, and to improve the extensibility of Kubernetes itself.
Project health and splitting the monolith
Over the 1.9 release cycle, the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) funded devstats.k8s.io, a project to collect metrics for GitHub repos under the Kubernetes organization. While the dashboards can be used to generate summaries of contributions by individuals or companies, this effort also provides insight into the development velocity of the project as a whole.
Notably, this data validates the ongoing goal to split the Kubernetes monolithic repository into smaller, more consumable projects. As Brian Grant (@bgrant0607), Google's lead Kubernetes architect, has observed, the merge rate of pull requests for the kubernetes/kubernetes project has not increased since version 1.0 in 2015. Even as the project has grown from 50 monthly contributors to 250, all growth in merge rate has occurred in other repositories.
The Kubernetes Go client was an early experiment in splitting out code from core in this way. Since then, new repos have been created for client generation, custom API servers, and API definitions, as well as moving full projects into their own workspaces. Some of this code still isn't strictly developed externally (rather, it's still synced from the monorepo), but identifying and formalizing dependencies has been a critical effort in paying down the technical debt of the Kubernetes codebase.
Improving extensibility
Besides moving code out of kubernetes/kubernetes into new workspaces, the Kubernetes project is committed to enabling feature development outside of core as well.
As of 1.9, many features are designed for this purpose. Kubernetes's use of the Container Network Interface (CNI) has enabled a rich ecosystem of networking options. Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) and aggregated API servers allow users to extend the API while preserving a familiar workflow for custom controllers and operators. Webhook plugins for authentication and authorization have allowed integrations with a variety of identity providers and policy engines. The list goes on and on.
Certain kinds of new features, particularly those that integrate directly with cloud providers, have started to require an extensibility point, instead of being implemented in core. This lifts the burden off of an already huge codebase, while also offering the benefit of not favoring one distribution or cloud provider over another.
Conformance
Not all of the changes to enable greater extensibility have been implemented in code. Extensibility is problematic if users can't depend on a stable underlying platform for extensions and applications to interact with. Users should be able to rely on the same basic workflows and interact with the same core set of resources that they come to expect, regardless of the plugins they're using.
To address this need, over the 1.9 release cycle, the CNCF announced the Certified Kubernetes Conformance Program. Certification verifies expected functionality, agreed upon by the community, of a Kubernetes installation tool or distribution. "Kubernetes" should provide basic expectations of flexibility, portability, and confidence to users and enterprises, and defining rules around what Kubernetes is is critical to that effort. The initial announcement included 32 projects, all certified by the CNCF, including Tectonic, CoreOS's own Kubernetes offering.
The fact that 32 unique projects were certified speaks to the efforts across the Kubernetes community to maintain project health and extensibility, and helps ensure that the Kubernetes ecosystem will scale with Kubernetes adoption.
Next steps for future Kubernetes releases
There are still many components that need to be moved to external projects so that Kubernetes as a whole can continue to thrive. Examples include cloud-controller-manager, CSI for external storage, and the longstanding goal of moving kubeadm to its own repo. This work will take time.
Hopefully, however, Kubernetes releases will become more and more "boring" over time, as things are in the world of Linux. This will in no way reflect a community that is slowing down, but one that is accelerating and empowering the hundreds developers that already work on Kubernetes. This process of cutting up repos and designing extensibility points is the next frontier for Kubernetes as a project because it's essential for users to have the flexibility to build on and extend Kubernetes up the stack .
Ready to get started?
Tectonic, the enterprise Kubernetes solution delivered by CoreOS, will include Kubernetes 1.9 in a future release. In the meantime, if you are new to Tectonic or Kubernetes and are interested in trying it out, we suggest you download Tectonic Sandbox, a unique test and experimentation environment that you can install and run on your local macOS, Windows, or Linux machine. We think you'll agree it's the fastest way to get up and running with a complete Kubernetes demo environment that's suitable for non-production workloads.
We are reaching a new critical shortage in the workforce. In addition to the health care sector's impending lack of qualified nurses (and enough teachers to educate new ones) industry experts are sounding a similar alarm for cybersecurity experts.
advertisement
advertisement
Since the massive breach at Target in 2013, many other organizations have fallen prey to cybercriminals. The next year saw hacks into UPS, Goodwill, JP Morgan Chase, Sony, and others. Forrester Research predicted that 60% of brands would experience a breach of sensitive data in 2015. That estimate may have been conservative considering that last year, those organizations successfully targeted by cyberhackers included the FBI, Trump's hotel chain, Experian, and Scottrade, among others. The cost dings both the bottom line and organizational reputation. A Ponemon study of 350 companies in 11 countries found that the average consolidated total cost of a data breach is $3.8 million, a 23% increase since 2013. No wonder Bureau of Labor Statistics data indicates that demand for cybersecurity jobs is expected to grow by 53% over the next two years. A new study released today by Intel Security with the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) takes a closer look at the cybersecurity workforce shortage across eight countries including Australia, France, Germany, Israel, Japan, Mexico, the U.K., and the U.S. Overall, it confirmed that the talent shortage was very real and widespread. The CSIS study revealed that 82% of participants report a shortage of cybersecurity skills in their organizations. One in four confirmed that their organizations were victims of cyber thefts of proprietary data due to this lack of qualified workers. The researchers reviewed open-source data, targeted interviews with experts, and a survey of 775 IT decision makers in both public and private sector organizations in eight countries. The analysts also looked at four dimensions of each respondent's cybersecurity workforce development efforts: total cybersecurity spending, education programs, employer dynamics, and public policies.
advertisement
The Real Skills Needed To Fill The Gap Among the key takeaways, the respondents in all eight countries agreed that highly technical skills are most in demand. The top three most cited include: intrusion detection
secure software development
attack mitigation “These skills were in greater demand than softer skills, such as the ability to collaborate, manage a team, or communicate effectively,” the report's authors write. This goes counter to which skills most hiring managers thought were lacking in college graduates in 2016. Fifty-three percent of respondents also remark that the cybersecurity talent shortage is somewhat or far worse than in other IT professions, including the industry's “sexiest” job: data scientist. Educating The White Hats Unlike the data scientists working today who earned a PhD, the CSIS report found that academic degrees may be a minimal prerequisite for cybersecurity positions. That's likely due to the fact that only 23% of respondents say education programs are actually preparing students to enter the industry. Seventy percent of respondents in the U.S. say they'd prefer a candidate to have a bachelor's degree in a related technical discipline. But only 23% said that universities and vocational schools are “fully preparing” students to do these jobs. “A bachelor's degree in a technical field is ranked third by survey respondents among most effective ways to acquire cybersecurity skills, behind hands-on experience and professional certifications,” the authors write. “This contradiction indicates that a degree is more of a signal of general competence than an indicator of directly relevant cybersecurity skills.” Indeed, the majority of decision makers surveyed believe that hands-on experiential learning is the best training for these jobs. More than three-fourths of survey respondents cite professional certifications as an effective way to demonstrate skills. More than three in five respondents say that national hacking competitions are the best way to gain and develop skills.
advertisement
According to the study, the U.S. and U.K. are currently investing the most in cybersecurity education, while Mexico, France, and Japan are investing the least. Fast Company recently reported that in the U.S. industry groups and universities are starting to offer hands-on training to cope with the skills shortage. Norwich University in Vermont, for example, is offering both graduate level coursework and certificate programs. Offensive Security skips the written exams to focus on hands-on work for its certification program. Spending And Securing The CSIS report estimates that total global cybersecurity spending will be more than $100 billion over the next four to five years. Among those investing the most are the U.S. government and the financial services industry. The study's authors note that these major investments will help drive best practices for training and recruiting skilled workers. Salary is tantamount to attracting the best talent. According to the report, more than half of industry decision makers agreed that a competitive salary is necessary to attract candidates and 60% believed good salaries contribute to better retention. Salary was ranked higher than other factors including potential to be promoted, organizational reputation, and, training. As the industry catches up with education programs, employers are finding it necessary to provide on-the-job training. But that also helps with retention. Nearly 50% of survey participants say that lack of training or sponsorship for certification programs are common reasons for employees leaving a company. That's because the cost to take outside training or required testing for certification is often too high for the employee to pay for alone. In the meantime companies are filling the talent gaps through technology and outsourcing certain security functions, such as risk assessment and mitigation, network monitoring and access management, and repair of compromised systems. More than 60% of survey respondents outsource at least some aspect of their cybersecurity workload.
advertisement
Rather than worry that cybersecurity experts will be replaced by robots before they even complete training, the report's authors recommend that the cybersecurity workforce adapt its skills. They write: “While automation will never fully replace human judgment, it does create efficiencies which allow cybersecurity professionals to focus their time and talent on the more advanced threats that require human intervention.” RELATED: Chief Security Officer May Be The Job Of The Future No One Wants Related Video: How to protect your cell phone from hackers.
Its power is so great it can even “rob you of your faith; it weakens it and you lose it!”. “The devil always takes this path of temptation: wealth , to feel sufficient; vanity, to feel important , and , in the end , pride: pride is his language".
Vatican City ( AsiaNews) - " You can not serve God and money ", " greed , in fact, is the root of all evil ", "it corrupts" and "its power is so great, it can make you deviate from [the path of ] faith", it even "robs you of faith, it weakens it and you lose it". And when one does something for money that countermands the first commandment, he or she "is guilty of idolatry."
This was Pope Francis reflection during his homily at morning mass in Casa Santa Marta, commenting on the words of St. Paul on the relationship "between the road of Jesus Christ and that of money".
As reported by Vatican Radio, the Pope noted that there is something in "the attitude of love for money that distances us from God." There are "so many diseases, so many sins , but Jesus greatly emphasizes this one" , "love of money , in fact, is the root of all evil ." Taken by "this desire , some have wandered away from the faith and have brought many torments upon themselves". "Money is so powerful, that it makes us deviate from the faith", it even "robs us of our faith, weakens it and makes us lose it".
"But money also sickens our thoughts, it even sickens our faith and makes it chose another path. These idle words , useless discussions ... It goes even further ... It gives rise to envy, strife , slander , evil suspicions, the conflicts of men with corrupt minds and destitute of the truth , who consider religion as a source of income. ' I'm a Catholic , I go to Mass , because that gives me a certain status . I am well considered... but underneath I take care of my own interests, right? I cultivate money. Here a word is used, which we find very, very frequently in the newspapers : 'Men of corrupt mind . 'Money corrupts! There is no way out" .
If you choose "the road of money," he added , "in the end you will be a corrupt " . Money "is this seductive that it slowly leads you to slip towards perdition".
"You can not serve God and money .' You can not : either one or the other ! And this is not communism , eh! This is pure Gospel ! These are the words of Jesus! What happens with money? Money gives you a degree of prosperity in the beginning. Okay ... but then you begin to feel important and this is vanity. We read in the Psalm that this is vanity. This vanity is not needed , but you feel like an important person : that is vanity. And the pride of vanity, pride. Three steps: wealth, vanity and pride . "
"No one can escape with the money". However, he noted , "the devil always takes this path of temptation :wealth, to feel sufficient; vanity, to feel important , and , in the end, pride: Pride is his language".
"But, Father , I read the Ten Commandments and they do not speak ill of money. Against which Commandment do we sin when we do something for money? Against the first! It is the sin of idolatry. Here's why: because money becomes the idol you worship! And that is why Jesus tells us: You can not serve the idol money and the Living God: either one or the other . The early Fathers of the Church - I am speaking of the third century, more or less 200 or 300 AD - used a strong word: ' money is the devil's dung. And it is so, because it makes us idolaters, and sickens our mind with pride and makes us maniacs of idle issues and distances us from the faith, it corrupts ' . "
St. Paul tells us to avoid these things, but to strive "for justice, godliness, faith, love ." And patience, "against vanity and pride " and "meekness ." This is "the road of God, not that of the idolatrous power that money can give". Humility is"the road to serve God ." " May the Lord - he concluded - help us all to not fall into the trap of idolatry of money."
CeAqua
La denuncia se centra en 17 casos, aunque la querella es por 309 asesinatos y más de 1000 encarcelamientos.
El alcalde de Pamplona, Joseba Asirón, ha presentado en la Audiencia de dicha ciudad la documentación contra los crímenes cometidos en el municipio durante el franquismo. Le acompañaba la abogada que lleva el caso, Lourdes Etxeberria y algunos familiares de las víctimas.
En cuatro de los casos hay también una denuncia individual, ya sea de forma directa por las víctimas o por los familiares de las mismas. Las 17 personas recogidas en la querella son: Florencio Alfaro Zabalegui, Gregorio Angulo Martinena, Juan Elías Antón Murguiondo, Martín Arbizu Goñi, Pedro Belloso García, Gloria Bosque Ezquer, José Luis Cano Pérez, Corpus Dorronsoro Arteta, Victorino García Enciso, Moisés Garjón Arostegui, Julián Carlos Goñi Ziganda, José Roa García, Mariano Sáez Morilla, Tomás Salinas Beorlegui, Ángel Sanz Montero, Amadeo Urla Aramburu y Javier Urroz Domínguez. Los cuatro casos individuales que se suman a la querella son los de Gloria Bosque Ezquer (en nombre propio),Moisés Garjón Arostegui (se suman sus familiares),José Roa García (se suman sus familiares) y Ángel Sanz Montero (en nombre propio).
Es la primera vez que un Ayuntamiento presenta una querella por crímenes contra la humanidad cometidos por el franquismo. Al ser clasificados por el Derecho Internacional de delitos como genocidio o delitos de lesa humanidad, no procede su prescriptibilidad. Entre los mismos se encuentran el asesinato, la detención ilegal, la desaparición forzada, lesiones, torturas o la agresión sexual.
El Ayuntamiento acordó investigar los crímenes cometidos en su municipio en noviembre de 2015. A lo largo de 6 meses ha recogido la información de las víctimas y sus familiares en la Oficina por la Memoria situada en la calle Mercaderes y dirigida por el doctor en Historia Contemporánea y profesor de la Universidad Pública de Navarra, Emilio Majuelo. El gran volumen de información no deja de ser sorprendente. A los casos incluidos en la querella se añaden otros 450 más a la espera de verificación.
Tanto el Alcalde como las víctimas han agradecido el trabajo de todos los grupos memorialistas a los largo de 4 décadas para llegar a la Verdad, la Justicia y la Reparación. Es la reclamación de una justicia demorada para aquellos y aquellas que sufrieron torturas, malos tratos, encierros injustos, persecución y violaciones.
La reconciliación y la paz tienen la necesidad de pasar por la verdad y la justicia. Y el Estado, recuerda la abogada de la causa, tiene la “obligación de remover todos los obstáculos fácticos y jurídicos que impidan la investigación, enjuiciamiento y, en su caso, condena de las violaciones masivas, sistemáticas, planificadas y generalizadas de Derechos Humanos”.
Pamplona esta integrada en la Red de Ciudades por la Justicia y la Memoria, cuya primera reunión se realizó en la misma ciudad en octubre del año pasado. A ese encuentro acudieron representantes de Barcelona, Madrid, Zaragoza, A Coruña, Vitoria, Cádiz y Rivas- Vaciamadrid.
Esta semana se ha sumado a esta Red la ciudad de Guernika, según han aprobado en el Pleno municipal. Se espera que más municipios se adhieran a la iniciativa a lo largo del presente año.
Te puede interesar:
1 of 1 2 of 1
Two of Vancouver's metropolitan daily newspapers will be combining newsrooms, according to a tweet by Vancouver Sun reporter Lori Culbert.
The Vancouver Sun and Province are both owned by Postmedia Network Canada, which has reported heavy financial losses in recent years.
The two newspapers have been sharing content for a while, but this is the first time that there's word of an actual shared newsroom.
"No layoffs here so far," Culbert noted in her tweet.
In a subsequent tweet, Culbert added that what her paper and the Province "will look like in the future is unclear but aim is to keep them separate newspapers".
This point was echoed by her colleague, Denise Ryan.
It came as Postmedia announced that it has dismissed 90 staff members across the country. Newsrooms have also been merged in Ottawa, Calgary, and Edmonton.
Vancouver Sun reporter Jeff Lee mentioned on Twitter that his employer is offering buyouts again but emphasized that there have been no job losses at the Vancouver newspapers in this latest round of cuts.
Both newspapers are in the Granville Square office tower. If the newsrooms combine, it may offer Postmedia an opportunity to sublease space in the building.
Last week, Postmedia reported a $4.2-million loss for the three months ending November 30, 2015. That was down from a $10.3-million loss in the same quarter a year ago.
For the last fiscal year ending August 31, Postmedia recorded a $54.1-million loss, which was slightly worse than the $49.8-million loss in the previous year.
News of the consolidated newsrooms comes on the same day as the Media Union of B.C. has scheduled a meeting with its Pacific Newspaper Group members. It will take place at SFU Harbour Centre this afternoon.
"The purpose of the meeting is to update members on the progress of bargaining and to discuss issues that have been raised at the table," the union stated on its website.
The Globe and Mail's media reporter, James Bradshaw, noted over Twitter that Rob McLaughlin is overseeing the Vancouver newsroom.
McLaughin was appointed as Postmedia's regional vice president, editorial, for Western Canada in 2014. At the time, the company announced that he would be moving to Vancouver to "work closely with [publisher] Gordon Fisher and oversee editorial operations of The Sun and the redesign and re-launch of The Province".
Postmedia announced last week that it was going to cut expenses by $80 million by the end of the fiscal year in 2017.
Meanwhile in other Postmedia news, Edmonton Journal editor Margo Goodhand and Edmonton Journal managing editor Stephanie Coombs are out the door.
The Postmedia-owned National Post has cut staff in its sports department, letting go of Kaitlyn McGrath, David Alert, and Eric Koreen.
Postmedia Network Canada B class voting shares are trading at $0.13 on the Toronto Stock Exchange, giving the company a market capitalization of $36.6 million. The nonvoting Postmedia C class shares are trading at $0.15.
New Delhi: With Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit underway, Japan's engagement with India on the infrastructure front is expected to broaden and deepen with a focus on connectivity and renewable energy.
Apart from the marque projects such as the high-speed rail, popularly known as the bullet train, and the western dedicated freight corridor, Japan has also joined hands with India to aggressively develop infrastructure projects in India's north-eastern states as part of the strategy to contain China.
To take this engagement forward in a structured manner, an India-Japan coordination forum for development of North East has been set up to focus on strategic projects such as connectivity and road network development, electricity and disaster management, Mint reported on 3 August.
“This forum is an important engagement for us, given the immense strategic importance of the region," said an Indian government official, requesting anonymity.
The development also assumes importance given that several multilateral lending agencies, including the World Bank, have been unwilling to fund projects in the so-called disputed border states in India's northeastern region—seen as sensitive as parts of the region are claimed by China.
Analysts say that there are strong synergies between the two nations.
“With an aim to consolidate its clout within Asia and beyond, Japan has been aggressively pursuing the Partnership for Quality Infrastructure in Asia (PQI) initiative. This was essentially meant as a counter to China's One Belt, One Road (OBOR) initiative. There are strong synergies between PQI and India's Act-East policy," said Kannan Sivasubramanian, co-chief executive officer at Aranca, a research and advisory firm.
India has been critical of China developing the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), part of the OBOR infrastructure initiative cutting through Gilgit and Baltistan areas of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK). OBOR, first unveiled by Chinese president Xi Jinping in 2013, aims to put billions of dollars in infrastructure projects, including railways, ports and power grids across Asia, Africa and Europe.
The two countries are also leveraging their association to set up large infrastructure projects in India's neighbourhood with state-run Petronet LNG Ltd's plan of setting up a liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal in Sri Lanka with Indian and Japanese firms.
Japan is also expected to help India strengthen its role in the proposed transportation architecture in the region and beyond in projects such as the Great Asian Highway, connecting 32 Asian countries, the South Asian Sub-regional Economic Cooperation (SASEC) road connectivity programme and the Asia-Africa Growth Corridor.
“Such improving bilateral ties between India and Japan are likely to help both countries achieve their economic goals and strategic aims in the Asian region," added Sivasubramanian.
India needs funds and technology to push its new integrated infrastructure programme which involves building of roads, railways, waterways and airports.
A case in point being its Sagarmala and Bharatmala programme with an investment requirement of Rs10 trillion and Rs8 trillion respectively.
With Indian state government entities recently allowed to directly tap bilateral agencies for resources, Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority is availing a Rs15,109 crore loan directly from the Japan International Cooperation Agency for the Mumbai trans-harbour link project.
Apart from cheap finance, Japanese technology is also an added attraction.
“The rate of interest given by the Japanese financial institutions is frightfully attractive. Even with the tied loans, the technology they are bringing in adds to the advantage," said Sanjay Garg, partner and leader, capital projects, at PwC.
Japanese investment has also played an important role in India's clean energy industry, given the focus on so-called patient capital, which seeks modest yields over time.
A raft of Japanese firms have been investing in India's clean energy sector. While JERA Co. Inc bought a 10% stake in ReNew Power Ventures Pvt. Ltd for $200 million, SBG Cleantech, a joint venture between Japan's SoftBank Group Corp., India's Bharti Enterprises Ltd and Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group, has also been placing aggressive solar power bids, helping bring down solar tariffs in India.
De Tweede Kamer is located on a small side street in Amsterdam, not far from the flower market. A painting of Queen Juliana and Prince Bernhard hangs on the wall, and next to it, a little bit higher, there's one of Queen Wilhelmina. White ornaments rise up the wall like smoke rings around the portraits. The coffee shop opened in 1985, and has since become an institution in the Dutch capital, a kind of art museum for the residents of Amsterdam, owner Paul Wilhelm proudly says.
But Wilhelm is worried about his company's future. On July 1, a smoking ban will come into force in Dutch restaurants, bars and cafes. The ban will also apply to the country's more than 700 coffee shops, which are infamous worldwide for selling soft drugs.
"Coffee shops will be treated in the same manner as other catering businesses," Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende told public broadcaster NOS after the government issued its decision on Friday. "It would have been wrong to move towards a smoke-free catering industry and then make an exception for coffee shops. People would not have understood that."
The chances of getting an exemption are limited, says Mark Jacobsen of BCD, a nationwide association of coffee shop owners that has been fighting to get special provisions for the cafes.
Jacobsen argues that it's absurd that the law is being applied to coffee shops. "In a cafe," he said, "you come to drink something. In a restaurant you come to eat. But when you come to a coffee shop, you come to smoke, so smoking has to be allowed in a coffee shop."
But Dutch Health Minister Ab Klink has no plans to make any exceptions. Coffee shop employees, he argues, also have the right to protection from tobacco smoke.
But Wilhelm claims it's a specious argument. After all, people who apply for jobs in a coffee shop know that smoking is the company's core business. "If the boys are old enough to be sent to Afghanistan, then you can't tell me that people want to protect them from smoke in the workplace. They're old enough to decide on their own. They can vote, they can go to war -- but now they won't even be allowed to make this decision?"
Perversely, the law, intended to protect workers from smoke, only applies to tobacco. In the Netherlands, that has resulted in a rather bizarre result: Smoking pot or hashish in coffee shops will remain legal; it just can't be mixed with tobacco. If someone wants to roll their joint with tobacco, then they have to smoke it outside. Wilhelm can only shake his head in disbelief. "That sounds a bit to me like going into a cafe and being able to buy a beer without being able to drink it there. But the cafe still lets you drink whiskey, rum and vodka."
Besides, it will be difficult to monitor whether someone has secretly rolled his joint with tobacco or not. Mark Jacobson doubts that Dutch officials will begin policing the ban immediately when it goes into effect in July. "We'll just have to see how strictly they enforce it," he says.
Under the new provision, he explains, "If an official comes into a coffee shop and sees someone smoking a joint, he must confiscate it and send it to a lab to test whether it contains tobacco. It's such an arduous procedure that it is going to create numerous problems. I don't think they will apply it very strictly during the first year."
Jacobsen feels the world has been turned on its head in Holland. "In every other country they do just the opposite -- there they check whether there is cannabis inside," he says with a laugh.
The archbishop of St. Paul and Minneapolis discovered in 1966 that a Minnesota priest was engaging in sexual contact with boys, but the priest was still assigned to four more parishes over the next 25 years, according to information made public Wednesday by St. Paul attorney Jeffrey Anderson.
The accused priest, John Brown, 92, who retired in 1991, said in an interview at his assisted-living apartment in Maplewood that he "very, very vaguely" recalls fondling some boys in a locker room.
He was asked if he was sorry.
"I have to be sorry," he said. "Wouldn't anybody be sorry?"
Anderson held a news conference Wednesday to introduce David Pususta, 62, of St. Paul, who said Brown molested him about six times at St. Mary's Church in Waverly, Minn., and at a Boy Scout campground in southern Minnesota in the early 1960s.
John Brown
"I know he molested others in the community," Pususta said.
Anderson said he was citing Pususta's case in a motion filed in Ramsey County District Court on Wednesday, asking a judge to make public a sealed document that lists 33 Catholic clergy members "credibly accused of sexually molesting minors." Anderson said a Ramsey County District judge had blocked its release because he lacked jurisdiction.
The archdiocese discounted the value of disclosing the list in a statement Wednesday.
"This request refers to information the archdiocese was asked to provide 10 years ago as part of a national study of allegations of clergy sexual abuse between the years 1950 and 2002," the statement said.
It said that while the accusations were "not implausible," the alleged victims often were not available or the alleged perpetrators were no longer alive or in ministry, so "there was no way to determine the substance of such allegations."
Pususta's account comes after a 2013 change in state law that allows alleged victims three years to pursue lawsuits for sexual abuse that occurred decades ago. At least a half-dozen lawsuits have been filed and more are expected, including one by Pususta.
Pususta said he was with a group of boys in a locker room when Brown told them to pull down their shorts; he then checked them for hernias.
He said Brown asked his parents to send him to the rectory so he could tell the boy about the birds and bees. He said Brown pulled his pants down and fondled his genitals and asked for the names of boys who were sexually active.
"I was traumatized," he said. As an adult, Pususta said, he met with a psychologist and made arrangements with the archdiocese to meet with Brown.
He said that the Rev. Kevin McDonough, vicar general of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis, allowed him only a few minutes to ask questions.
1992 memo about Brown
While Pususta had kept the alleged abuse secret until recent years, a parent of another boy complained about Brown to Archbishop Leo Binz in 1966, according to a 1992 memorandum by McDonough. Binz died in 1979.
In his memo, McDonough said Brown said he examined the sexual organs of some boys 15 times from 1948 to 1966.
Brown denied his contact "was sexual in nature," McDonough wrote. "He recognizes its inappropriateness from the point of view of people's perception."
McDonough said he was left with the question of whether Brown "simply didn't understand. … The alternative is that he is masking … a level of sexual fascination with adolescence that makes his current living situation a dangerous one."
From 1949 to 1990 Brown was assigned to parishes in Maple Lake, Robbinsdale, St. Paul, Hopkins, Le Center, Waverly, Minneapolis, Marysburg, Faribault and Hazelwood, Minn.
In its statement Wednesday, the archdiocese said it "has repeatedly expressed concern for anyone alleging abuse."
Brown was 'average' priest
On Wednesday, Brown greeted a reporter at the door of his third-floor, two-room apartment at Walker at Hazel Ridge, an assisted-living facility in Maplewood.
Sitting in an armchair in the sparsely furnished apartment, he described himself as an "average" priest. He denied McDonough's statement that he had examined sexual organs of boys 15 times.
"I don't believe that," he said. "I hear what you say. I don't recall doing this stuff. That's all."
Asked about other accusations of molestation, Brown said, "I don't recall actually molesting." But he said, "If it happened, I'd have to have remorse."
You are not signed in as a Premium user; we rely on Premium users to support our news reporting. Sign in or Sign up today!
By Arturo Ortiz
Most people who attend a Novus Ordo parish or who simply attend Mass in what is known as the Ordinary Form (which most people attend) encounter two specific types of hand gestures that many of the laity engage in. The first type is that known as the "Orans Position" (praying with elevated hands). This gesture can be seen in several parts of the Mass, like when one of the laity elevates his hands in response to "The Lord be with you." This is also often seen during the recitation of the "Our Father."
A Short History of the Orans Position
The orans position has been used as a gesture of pleading and supplication since ancient times. This is true in many pagan religions, including Greco-Roman paganism. The orans position was later present in Judaism as well, and finally many early Christians came to dentify the orans position with the outstretched arms of Christ crucified. This can be seen, for example, in the Brescia Casket.
Brescia casket with marytrs of Maccabees
in orans posture
The orans posture has been seen as a means of pleading and supplication. Colin B. Donovan states, "Consider what we do when we plead with someone; we might put our arms out in front of us as if reaching for the person and say, 'I beg you, help me. 'This seems to be a natural human gesture coming deep within us."
With this in mind we can see that the orans position is not anything new, but rather a particular prayer position that has existed since the Early Church and even before it. Based on this reality, Catholics can freely pray in this position during private prayer outside of Mass. But for good reason lay Catholics should not use this gesture during the celebration of Mass.
Disunity Within the Mass
Many Catholics might not know that the use of the orans posture at Mass is solely to be used by the priest, as it is exclusively a priestly gesture. The rubrics for the Mass give the priest sole authority of praying with elevated hands — not the deacon nor the laity.
Donovan goes on to say that the main symbolism behind this posture as a solely priestly gesture is based on the fact that the priest is "praying on behalf of us, acting as 'alter Christus' as pastor of the flock, head of the body." This is shown by the fact that his uplifted hands represent his lifting up of our prayers to God in Heaven.
Free Clip from CHURCH MILITANT premium Not a subscriber? Start your subscription.
Because the deacon and laity are not given the liturgical role of praying in this manner, and furthermore because it is solely a priestly gesture in the context of the Mass, liturgical disunity results when the laity engage in the orans posture:
While lay people are doing this, the deacon, whose postures are governed by the rubrics, may not do it. So, we have the awkward disunity created by the priest making an appropriate liturgical gesture in accordance with the rubrics, the deacon not making the same gesture in accordance with the rubrics, some laity making the same gesture as the priest not in accordance with the rubrics, and other laity not making the gesture (for various reasons, including knowing it is not part of their liturgical role). In the end, the desire of the Church for liturgical unity is defeated.
Much laity use this gesture during Mass because they see the priest doing it and assume they are supposed to do it as well. Some more progressive and creative priests with a desire to abolish the distinction between the clerical and lay state have at times encouraged laity to take part in the orans gesture. And poorly catechized laity don't know any better.
The sooner priests and laymen return to a proper implementation of the rubrics through good catechesis and an authentic explanation of the Sacred Liturgy, the sooner the Church will experience greater unity at Mass.
Originally published at Walking in the Desert.
To learn more about authentic lay participation at Mass, watch ChurchMilitant.com's program "Case Files."
Have a news tip? Submit news to our tip line.
From the season-one annal of RuPaul's Drag Race, RuPaul determined that each episode would finish off with a lip sync battle between the two queens up for elimination. Two drag queens, one song, one good-bye. Those are the rules. The lip sync battles have been epic; they have been disappointing; they have been moving. Well, the upcoming season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars is going to turn you on your head and take you for a spin: The bottoms aren't lip-syncing this time — it's the tops! In this exclusive trailer for the second season of All Stars, RuPaul has decided that the rules have changed and the top two queens will “lip-sync for their legacy.” The winner of that lip-sync will then decide who goes home.
“Honey, nobody can claim that this race is rigged,” RuPaul said in a statement. “I gave the power to the people. May the best All Star win!” Of course, this is a diabolical twist considering half of the contestants come from the very dramatic season five: Will Alyssa Edwards and Coco Montrese still be beefing? Will Rolaskatox stick together? RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars season two premieres on Logo and VH1 with a queen-sized 90-minute episode August 25 at 8 p.m. ET, which is plenty of time to tuck away a couple of vodka sodas before you lip-sync for that cute guy with the cheekbones.
An indefatigable, unstinting and intellectually voracious artistic director who reinvented Chicago's most audacious and aggressive theater for a new era, Martha Lavey wrestled the Steppenwolf Theatre Company — kicking and screaming — into the 21st century. And in her cajoling, bullying, flattering, outwitting and otherwise leading its hugely talented but famously passionate and opinionated ensemble of tightknit actors toward reinvention and expansion for changed times, this artistic director of more than 20 years became one of the most important figures in the illustrious history of the Chicago theater.
Lavey, 60, died Tuesday at Illinois Masonic Medical Center, Steppenwolf announced, after a second stroke last week; her first occurred in May 2015, shortly after she stepped down from her position at the celebrated Midwestern theater. Steppenwolf had become her life's work, even though Lavey also was the rare artistic director interested in nurturing and supporting her competitors in Chicago theater as much as the company to which she so fervently and passionately belonged.
“What she did for Steppenwolf? It's impossible to count the ways,” said actress, director and Steppenwolf ensemble member Amy Morton. “Steppenwolf was her life. She always, always had this company on her mind.”
On the other hand, said Lavey's close friend and former colleague Erica Daniels, Lavey also was fiercely loyal to her close circle of confidantes. “Martha may have been this icon of the American theater,” Daniels said. “But she could also be silly. And she would suddenly ask these really personal questions, like whether you had freckles on your chest. You'd be shocked. But you'd answer them because she had asked them. Over the last couple of years, she sometimes had to search for the right word. But she still was the smartest person in the room.”
Most artistic directors of nonprofit theaters are directors by trade. Lavey, though, primarily was an actress, a formidably potent performer whose striking onstage appearances and restless creative energy were familiar to audiences from the early days of Steppenwolf. After joining the ensemble in 1993, Lavey performed often on its stages, from “Lost Land” to “Talking Heads” and “I Never Sang For My Father” to “Aunt Dan and Lemon.” She was ever bruising for an interesting confrontation, that being the Steppenwolf way, and one tradition she had no intention ever of changing.
Her acting career at Steppenwolf began inauspiciously, if wigged, bronzed and almost naked, in one of Steppenwolf's most famous disasters, a 1981 production of Christopher Hampton's “Savages.” Like many of her fellow students at Northwestern University who appeared in the show, Lavey was playing a Brazilian Indian, a piece of casting that would be inconceivable today. The role was hardly indicative of what lay ahead for Lavey — her work as an actress demonstrated extraordinary range across decades of formidable, unforgettable work. She could play eccentrics like the woman she essayed (opposite John Malkovich) in Stephen Jeffreys' “Lost Land” in 2005. She could play a mother (in “Good Boys and True” in 2008). She could embody a terrifying recluse (in “Aunt Dan and Lemon”). And few actresses in America could nail a cameo quite like Lavey, as more than a few star names discovered on Halsted Street when some director gave Lavey a scene, and a chance to steal home base.
On the stage, she was funny, intimidating, breathtakingly smart and deeply if elusively vulnerable, all adjectives not inapplicable to the woman herself.
MOST READ ENTERTAINMENT NEWS THIS HOUR
Lavey took over the top artistic position in 1995 during a lull in Steppenwolf's fortunes (she was the first woman to get the job), when its founders were looking for a new way forward.
“When she first came to her artistic directorship from years of freelance acting and scholarship,” said Steppenwolf co-founder Jeff Perry, “I don't think Martha had ever run anything, or ever been asked to make leadership decisions taking a multitude of other stakeholders into account. She had never been asked to be so pervasively accountable to a flock of gifted, undeniably needy artists. Taking stock of her own estimation or instincts regarding a tough situation or decision was always a great strength of Martha's. But the artistic-emotional care and feeding of the institution and of the people who comprise Steppenwolf was, I think it fair to say, more fundamentally challenging for her. She felt the depth of that challenge and her response was quintessential Martha — she grew to meet it.”
Indeed, Lavey would prove to be an indispensable and singularly long-serving artistic leader committed to new plays and fresh writers, especially women. Acting was just one of the talents of a woman who held a doctorate in performance studies from Northwestern and could (and usually did) write program notes that deserved to grace scholarly journals. In arguments private or public, over a telephone or in front of an audience with some poor interlocutor, she was singularly formidable.
Born in 1957 in Lawrence, Kan., as one of seven children, but educated mostly at the all-girls Immaculata High School in Detroit, Lavey was the daughter of a man who worked for the CIA. Those who knew her often speculated that although Lavey had entered a seemingly different field, she had absorbed much useful advice around her family breakfast table in Michigan. Especially when it came to never fully showing your hand.
The premieres that took place at Steppenwolf under Lavey's stewardship form a formidable list, not the least of which was Tracy Letts' Pulitzer Prize-winning “August: Osage County,” a show that brought Steppenwolf hurtling back to New York attention as, still, the brand name in intense American acting, and “Superior Donuts,” which spawned a TV series. Similarly, the theater created many famous productions during the Lavey era, some of which moved to Broadway, and that cleaned up at awards time. Alongside new work like Austin Pendleton's remarkable “Orson's Shadow,” directed by David Cromer, such shows included the Steppenwolf revivals of Ken Kesey's “One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest” (2000) and Edward Albee's “Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” (2010), both featuring Morton, in whose career Lavey took an intense interest.
“Martha was directly responsible for my directing career,” Morton said. “Martha pushed people to do uncomfortable things, just because she thought they could do them.”
Man in viral video scares off looters from robbing North Harris County store during Harvey
Now Playing:
Looters in northeast Harris County thought they had found an easy target when they came across the empty Little York Food Mart in northeast Harris County on Tuesday afternoon.
The small shop in the 7000 block of Little York Road was void of workers and customers in the wake of Hurricane Harvey, like numerous other storms. The thieves were quickly chased off however by when they came across Nash John, who was armed with a shotgun.
HARVEY LOOTERS: 40 arrested in Harris County for looting
“Don't go back in that store. I'm going to tell you one time. I'm not scared to shoot you,” John said to the men in a viral Facebook video that's been viewed 2.7 million times as of Thursday. “I'm an ex fu***** SWAT deputy, I will cut your a** in half.”
The looters quickly disperse, especially as John is seen walking toward the store, his shotgun slung over his shoulder.
“As a former law enforcement officer, I understand it's not right to steal,” John told Chron.com. “I let it be known that I was carrying a firearm. I'm not going to allow them to destroy my community, because this is where I live.”
See more images of rescues in East Texas during Hurricane Harvey. less Nash John of Houston has become viral after a Facebook video showed him fighting off would-be looters from a Little York Food Mart in North Harris County with a shotgun on Aug. 8, 2017.
See more images of ... more Nash John of Houston has become viral after a Facebook video showed him fighting off would-be looters from a Little York Food Mart in North Harris County with a shotgun on Aug. 8, 2017. Photo: Tay Mayberry Photo: Tay Mayberry Image 1 of / 109 Caption Close Man in viral video scares off looters from robbing North Harris County store during Harvey 1 / 109 Back to Gallery
The life-long Houstonian said he's helped rescue at least 30 people from high flood waters since Hurricane Harvey hit this weekend, working alongside other volunteers and first-responders. Nash said he spent all day Wednesday cutting down trees in his neighborhood so first-responders had a path to get to residents in need. He's gotten few hours of sleep each night, pushing himself to protect his community has much as possible.
“I've always been a first-responder,” John said. “All men should step up and protect their community and their elderly.”
BY THE NUMBERS: The aftermath of Hurricane Harvey
On Wednesday, authorities arrested more than 40 people for looting in Houston and the greater area. Police said they will impose greater charges for those caught looting in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey.
Meeting Mr. Nash John
“My mom and a lot of people know Mr. Nash. He holds down the neighborhood,” said Tay Mayberry, the woman who recorded John chasing off the would-be looters. “I just had never met him until that day. Ever since then, we've been in touch with him every day.”
Mayberry, who said she lives on the outskirts of the greater Greenspoint neighborhood, said her house flooded when Hurricane Harvey hit Friday night.
Mayberry said she chose to stay in her home because she heard people posing as volunteer rescue workers were robbing people.
OUTAGE: Harvey's toll on refineries sparks widespread gasoline shortages, price hikes
Mayberry is one of thousands who have been displaced by Hurricane Harvey.
According to statistics from the Texas Division of Emergency Management on Thursday, 41,159 homes have been damaged so far in Harris County. Across the Greater Houston area, approximately 27,417 people are believed to be in shelters. So far, 210,000 Texas registrations have been made for federal aid at DisasterAssistance.gov. But Mayberry isn't giving up. Like John, she said she's going to continue to do everything she can for her neighborhood.
HELPING HANDS: How to help the victims of the Texas storm
“The storm has been the single most frightening thing I've experienced in my life. But I can't be shocked right now,” Mayberry said. “I have a lot of people reaching out to me, in regards to what they can do. I want to help people, that's all I want to do. I want to help anybody who was displaced, I just want to be a vessel God can use.”
Mayberry said she has friends from Nebraska who are coming to Harris County with supplies and will volunteer their services.
For John, he said he'll continue to help people as much as he can.
He said the only reason he stopped rescue people out of high water is because he doesn't have access to a boat or jet ski.
“This is about humanity. We need to act as one,” John said. “This storm didn't happen to a particular neighborhood. That's why everybody has to lend a helping hand.”
Library ‎ > ‎ Media ‎ > ‎ Liquid Water in the Solar System
Figure 1. Comparison of the liquid water volume of Earth, Europa, and Titan to scale. It is estimated that Europa has over two times and Titan nearly eleven times more liquid water as subsurface oceans than Earth. Only liquid water is considered in these estimates but water ice is also significantly present in Europa and Titan. The image assumes a mean ocean depth of 4 km, 100 km, and 200 km for Earth, Europa, and Titan, respectively. CREDIT: PHL @ UPR Arecibo, NASA. Water is not a luxury of Earth, in fact, it is the most abundant compound in the universe because it is composed of the first and third most abundant elements, hydrogen and oxygen, respectively. However, water in liquid form is a special feature of Earth. It is usually present as vapor or ice in the Solar System. After the formation of the Solar System most of the water ended on the farthest planetary bodies locked as ice in their surface or interiors. Earth being closer to the Sun has little water, relatively speaking, mostly in its surface. If Earth is a wet rock the satellites of Jupiter and Saturn are frozen mud balls. Water ice in these satellites is more evenly distributed through their interior than in rocky bodies. We also know that liquid water is not only a luxury of Earth and is also present as deep oceans in Europa and Titan , satellites of Jupiter and Saturn, respectively (Figure 1). The amount of liquid water in Enceladus, a satellite of Saturn, and Mars are probably large too.
This article is over 3 years old
Mystery woman dropped off computer – built by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in 1976 – after cleaning out garage, Silicon Valley recycling firm says
A $100,000 check is waiting for a mystery woman who donated a rare Apple 1 computer to a Silicon Valley recycling firm.
CleanBayArea in Milpitas, California, said on its website that a woman in her 60s dropped off some electronic goods in April, when she was cleaning out the garage after her husband died.
The boxes of computer parts contained a 1976 Apple 1, which the recycling firm sold for $200,000 in a private auction. The recycler's policy is to split the proceeds 50-50 with the person who donated the equipment.
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak built the computers in 1976 and sold them for $666.66 each. Only a few dozen of the groundbreaking home computers are known to still exist.
“We thought it was fake. It was real,” CleanBayArea Vice president Victor Gichun told NBC news. He said he remembers what the donor looked like and all she had to do is show up.
“Tell this lady to please come over to our warehouse in Milpitas again,” Gichun said. “And we'll give her a check for $100,000.”
Korn remembers who their fans are - No se fracasa si existe un comienzo Ser transparente te transporta ileso alternativeware
Korn remembers who their fans are
In April 2008, Korn traveled for the last time and played a live concert in Mexico at the Foro Sol . That tour was in support of their eight album ( "Untitled" ) when they were facing David Silveria's departure who was replaced finally with Ray Luzier (Army Of Anyone) after rotating provisional drummer replacements with Terry Bozzio (Missing Persons, Frank Zappa), Brooks Wackerman (Bad Religion) in studio and Joey Jordison (Slipknot and Murderdolls) on tour.
But finally, after not been considered by the band and promoters the venue for a live show due to poor sales of the previously mentioned album in the country, fans prays have been heard by a group of people who love metal and rock, who had delivered the petition to Korn's members while they were playing in some festival.
That group organized the Sonorama Festival featuring Korn as most known headliner performing in Mexico City and Guadalajara in support of their most recent record called "Korn III: Remember Who You Are" among other less popular acts.
This event will luckily compensate those who waited in January their return and got disappointed by the lack of logistics of the previews attempt to bring them back that was canceled.
The presale of the tickets for both events began today and they will cost at first only 670 pesos till October 25 when the cost will increase although the amount has not yet been revealed.
11.11.2010 - Guadalajara, Mexico - Calle 2
11.13.2010 - Mexico City, Mexico - Parque Alameda Poniente
Taken from: Reforma: Corazón de México / Gente / Viernes, 15 de Octubre de 2010 In April 2008,traveled for the last time and played a live concert in Mexico at the. That tour was in support of their eight album () when they were facing David Silveria's departure who was replaced finally with Ray Luzier (Army Of Anyone) after rotating provisional drummer replacements with Terry Bozzio (Missing Persons, Frank Zappa), Brooks Wackerman (Bad Religion) in studio and Joey Jordison (Slipknot and Murderdolls) on tour.But finally, after not been considered by the band and promoters the venue for a live show due to poor sales of the previously mentioned album in the country, fans prays have been heard by a group of people who love metal and rock, who had delivered the petition to Korn's members while they were playing in some festival.That group organized thefeaturing Korn as most known headliner performing in Mexico City and Guadalajara in support of their most recent record calledamong other less popular acts.This event will luckily compensate those who waited in January their return and got disappointed by the lack of logistics of the previews attempt to bring them back that was canceled.The presale of the tickets for both events began today and they will cost at first only 670 pesos till October 25 when the cost will increase although the amount has not yet been revealed.Reforma: Corazón de México / Gente / Viernes, 15 de Octubre de 2010 Tags: korn, sonarama festival
by Maxwell Foret on August 6, 2013
You can agitate for laws and social propaganda to legalize or require tolerance for anything. Maybe you are a misunderstood and disadvantaged minority who wants to openly parade your genitals in the street, but are opposed by uptight hateful people in their precious neighborhoods who claim to be protecting women and children from unwelcome lewdness.
Perhaps you advocate public defecation, a totally natural act performed by all animals, and a basic right vilified by homosapienphobic bigots.
In a forced multicultural society unable to maintain any agreed upon standards because of recently introduced disunity and contradictions, someone might enjoy killing cats and dogs to use as food. This is normal in rich old cultures that we need to be celebrating, but is oppressively prosecuted in the West as animal cruelty. Those who don't embrace cats and dogs as sources of food need to be educated to tolerate every possible choice, without judgment of consequences.
Those who had never lived in a coherent civilization desire the door to be opened still wider, unconcerned with impacts on neighbors and society. They might even offer “facts” showing mainstreamed deviance and hedonism have a neutral or positive impact on the economy. This measurement assumes our only common interest is the collective economy.
You will be expected to tolerate sending your children to public schools full of disrupters and the emotionally disturbed who retard education for the entire class and set a bad example of failure. Some parents will even put their dummy kid in advanced placement classes, becoming a speed bump for all who wish to learn, expecting them to be treated as an equal in a system that considers it unfair to require a demonstration of high ability to join a demanding curriculum.
No wonder private schools and homeschooling are rapidly gaining favor.
Maybe your children will be exposed to media messages of enlightened toleration for almost everything. Murder remains off-limits, unless the person is called close minded. Stealing is only excused if the thief had good intentions, like using the proceeds of his crime to feed homeless drug addicts.
What if we had other measurements of a nation's health than its temporary economic situation? The Gross National Happiness Index is one attempt, but perhaps coherence and purposefulness would be a better way to assess a people's sanity, vigor, and applied potential.
Tags: alienation, health, joy
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
It makes us lose sight of the true nature of the new threat of terror: that it is ubiquitous, knows no boundaries, and is not only Mindanao's cross to bear
Published 9:00 AM, May 29, 2017
So you think the whole of Mindanao needs martial law to contain the terror threat. You either have not lived long enough in this terrorized land or have enormous faith in the man who, in the wink of an eye, declared it from Russia, a country that has forgotten what it means to be free.
President Rodrigo Duterte said martial law – for no more than 60 days straight, please, according to the Constitution – was necessary to quell the Maute Group's plan to establish an ISIS province in the Philippines. Ironically it is a claim that's never acknowledged by the institution that is now implementing his order: the military.
On the contrary, the military has boasted of needing just more time to address the Maute problem in the Lanao provinces, as it made victorious claims of having killed dozens of Mautes in the last year or so. The surgical strike on May 23 was in fact targeted against the ISIS-inspired Isnilon Hapilon, who apparently has moved his base from Basilan on the western side to northern Mindanao, to link up with the Mautes.
Between the terror hotbed that is Basilan-Sulu, which has lived with beheaded kidnap victims and piles of butchered soldiers for decades, and Marawi, which has struggled with its usual share of insecurities, is a sea of questions and doubts as to why martial law was declared following the attacks on Mindanao's Kilometer Zero.
What's the point when the military has already deployed practically all its assets and troops to the entire stretch of Mindanao since Duterte became president? What's the point when, in remote villages in Marawi or Sulu or Maguindanao or even Davao, the omnipresent military has been raiding suspected rebel lairs in full force? Ask remote villages that have borne the brunt of the ferocious anti-terror campaign in Mindanao: Matagal na pong martial law doon.
We see bodies being dumped in Marawi, we hear of extremists threatening those who don't share their views. This is not new, unfortunately. We've seen this in the margins of Muslim communities in Zamboanga, Basilan, Sulu, Maguindanao, Cotabato, where the anger is real and not without basis, and always spikes in the face of gun power.
So we look at this proclamation beyond its stated foundation: for the state to muscle its way through our fundamental liberties outside the tokhanged streets of Metro Manila – and institutionalize what's already happening in Mindanao's margins, in hopes of getting us used to state muscle in our everyday lives.
Martial law in 27 provinces, no matter the constitutional safeguards, is like a thief in the night that gives us troubled sleep – and it's not even because we're scared.
We lose sleep over it because it seduces us into believing it is the only way to stop terror, when not even the wealthiest and most equipped country in the world has succeeded.
It plays to our penchant for shortcuts, until it hits home.
It makes us forget the real problems that have made terrorists thrive in the region: the endless bickering among military and police units, the incoherent sharing and analysis of intelligence, the whimsical deployment of troops ordered by trigger-happy civilian leaders, the corruption of local bosses who benefit from the criminal activities that the terror pipeline facilitates, our former and incumbent presidents' habit of turning a blind eye to the dizzy mix of crime and local politics – for the tactical goal of controlling election races in these contested areas.
Martial law makes us lose sight of the true nature of the new threat of terror: that it is ubiquitous, that it knows no boundaries, that it is not only Mindanao's cross to bear.
So we ask: what could be more terroristic than a decision made on wrong assumptions and which was merely waiting for a trigger for the man who's been been toying with the thought since he came to power? – Rappler.com
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba (baba) is trying to clean house on so-called “brushers,” organized outside networks of fake buyers and reviewers who are paid to inflate a seller' rankings.
Alibaba has reportedly sued one such company, Shatui.com, for a sum of 2.16 million yuan ($310,000), after working with authorities to raid the company's office, Bloomberg reports.
The lawsuit marks a departure from the past; brushers have reportedly driven up the company's gross merchandise volume for years, but as Alibaba seeks a more credible image it has begun cleaning up its act.
“Alibaba wasn't as stringent about brushing before its IPO, but it's really cracked down on the malpractice in the past year,” analyst Ray Zhao of Guotai Junan Securities Co. was quoted by Bloomberg as saying.
Sellers on one of Alibaba's most popular sites, Taobao, say that brushers are hurting their business; if they refuse to or can't afford the service, their merchandise can easily fall into the shadows of the site's billion or so listings, Bloomberg reports.
“It's practically impossible for a newcomer to start a shop on Taobao these days without resorting to brushing,” said Jian Weiqing, a cosmetics seller on Taobao, told Bloomberg.
Conversely, brushers appear to take the position that they are offering a necessary service, giving merchants a leg up in a saturated market. A video tutorial on the website of a brushing company called Hiwinwin reportedly tells visitors that the “age for giving yourself good reviews and buying your own orders is too simple. You need a professional network to help.”
For more on Alibaba, watch Fortune's video:
In some cases that can come in the form of sprawling network operations. Shatui.com, the company being sued by Alibaba, has reportedly recruited more than 5,000 staffers to pretend to buy products, move around digital currencies and leave positive reviews.
Alibaba is also trying to fight down a reputation for counterfeit merchandise. The company's founder, Jack Ma, came under fire earlier this year for portraying the company as a global leader in countering fake goods. According to the Wall Street Journal, monitors who track counterfeits for some major retail brands say its clients estimate that some 20% to 80% of all branded products on Taobao are fake.
Anonymous says it is in the process of staging its “largest attack ever” — more than 5,000 loosely associated hackers taking down websites belonging to government and recording industry organizations in response to Thursday's shutdown of the file-sharing site Megaupload.com.
The Department of Justice unsealed an indictment against Megaupload.com on Thursday, arresting its founder — Kim Dotcom, formerly known as Kim Schmitz — in New Zealand and charging him and at least five other company executives with violating privacy laws.
In response, the hacker collective known as Anonymous announced a collaborative attack against government and recording industry websites, successfully taking down the site of the Department of Justice — which coordinated the case against Megaupload — and the Recording Industry Association of America. As of 4 p.m. Pacific time, Justice.gov and RIAA.org were failing to load, along with other stated targets such as UniversalMusic.com.
Anonymous said on a Twitter account it has used regularly — @YourAnonNews — that the assault is “The Largest Attack Ever by Anonymous — 5,635 People Confirmed Using #LOIC to Bring Down Sites!” In other messages, the group said it was aiming to take down more sites throughout the night.
Members of Anonymous posted a statement to file-hosting site Pastebin.com late Thursday afternoon, according to the Twitter feed. The statement makes reference to the Megaupload arrests and indictment, and reiterates the members' earlier statement that they were “launching our largest attack ever on government and music industry sites.” The statement provides a list of the sites targeted by the effort: justice.gov, universalmusic.com, riaa.org, mpaa.org, copyright.gov, hadopi.fr, wmg.com, usdoj.gov, bmi.com and fbi.gov.
Many of the sites named in the statement were still managing to load at times late Thursday afternoon, though in a slow fashion and with mixed results as to the content, including the home pages of the FBI, the Motion Picture Association of America and music publishing company BMI.
In a statement, the Department of Justice acknowledged that its website faced service problems and said it was approaching the issue as if it was the result of an intentional disruption.
“The Department of Justice web server hosting justice.gov is currently experiencing a significant increase in activity, resulting in a degradation in service,” the agency said in a statement. “The Department is working to ensure the website is available while we investigate the origins of this activity, which is being treated as a malicious act until we can fully identify the root cause of the disruption.”
The MPAA posted a statement Thursday confirming that the group's site had been hacked, along with the Department of Justice's website.
“Our website and many others, including the Department of Justice, were attacked today and the hacker group Anonymous is taking responsibility for the attacks,” the statement read.
“The motion picture and television industry has always been a strong supporter of free speech,” the statement added. “We strongly condemn any attempts to silence any groups or individuals.”
Megaupload is considered a “cyberlocker,” in which users can upload and transfer files that are too large to send by email. Such sites can have perfectly legitimate uses. But the Motion Picture Association of America, which has campaigned for a crackdown on piracy, estimated that the vast majority of content being shared on Megaupload was in violation of copyright laws.
The site allowed users to download TV shows, films, music, games and other content for free, but made money by charging subscriptions to people wanting faster download speeds or extra content.
Megaupload is based in Hong Kong, but some of the alleged pirated content was hosted on leased servers in Ashburn, Va., which gave federal authorities jurisdiction, the indictment said.
Before Megaupload was taken down, it posted a statement saying allegations that it facilitated massive breaches of copyright laws were “grotesquely overblown.”
“The fact is that the vast majority of Mega's Internet traffic is legitimate, and we are here to stay. If the content industry would like to take advantage of our popularity, we are happy to enter into a dialogue. We have some good ideas. Please get in touch,” the statement said.
The Megaupload.com arrests occurred one day after websites including Wikipedia, Google (GOOG) and Craigslist participated in a large-scale online protest against two congressional proposals intended to thwart online piracy.
The Anonymous statement included addresses and contact information for Chris Dodd, a former Democratic U.S. senator from Connecticut who now heads the MPAA, one of the biggest backers of the two bills Congress is considering: The Stop Online Piracy act, also known as SOPA, and the Protect IP Act, known as PIPA. Addresses of MPAA offices are also included.
The Associated Press contributed to this report. Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/mercbizbreak.
The Professor has it right, of course. As usual.
[np_storybar title=”Soviet Union's Red Army hockey team was ‘a microcosm of their society' — and its mentality is echoed in today's Russia” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/2015/01/23/soviet-unions-red-army-hockey-team-was-a-microcosm-of-their-society-and-its-mentality-is-echoed-in-todays-russia/”%5D
Scott Stinson: Not long after a bunch of college kids playing for the United States defeated the steamroller that was the Soviet Union's Red Army hockey team at the 1980 Olympics, head coach Herb Brooks took a call from the U.S. President at the Lake Placid arena.
Jimmy Carter congratulated the coach on the stirring 4-3 victory, over a team that had beaten them 10-1 in an exhibition game just weeks earlier, and said all of America was proud of the players.
Brooks thanked the President. Then, he added, somewhat awkwardly: “I think this just proves that our way of life is the best way to continue on.”
It was the Cold War mentality in a sentence. Everything that pitted the United States against the Soviet red menace was not just a contest at the micro level — over chess, space flight, even math research — but a broader clash of societies. Capitalism versus Communism. Freedom of the individual against sacrifice for the collective good.
Read more…[/np_storybar]
Igor Larionov's passionate post at The Players' Tribune — occasionally, as advertised, the direct line for sports figures who want to speak their unfiltered thoughts — on Monday compares his indoctrination by the Soviet Red Army hockey team in the 1980s to that of the jazz drummer in the movie Whiplash.
Only instead of the abusive music teacher played by Oscar winner J.K. Simmons, the Big Red Machine's conductor was the uncompromising tyrant Viktor Tikhonov, who drilled his players into a 24/7/365 hockey-playing symphony orchestra using rules and strictures and a level of extracurricular denial that ultimately couldn't survive the fall of the Soviet Union.
All that is hardly news.
It's been documented in prose and, brilliantly, in the movie Red Army that's out in theatres at the moment.
The punch line, though, is what makes Larionov's post something you wish every hockey coach and GM and administrator from initiation-level to the NHL would read and think about and perhaps ask themselves in due course: “I wonder if this would work?”
Larionov's musings are too lengthy for inclusion in a newspaper column, but the money passage, in my mind, is this:
“The problem is more philosophical and starts way before players get to the NHL. It's easier to destroy than to create. As a coach, it's easier to tell your players to suffocate the opposing team and not turn the puck over. There are still players whose imagination and creativity capture the Soviet spirit — Johnny Gaudreau in Calgary, Patrick Kane and Jonathan Toews in Chicago just to name a few. However, they are becoming exceptions to the rule. Many young players who are intelligent and can see the game four moves ahead are not valued. They're told ‘simple, simple, simple.' “That mentality is kind of boring. Nobody wants to get fired. Nobody wants to get sent down to the minors. “Say what you want about the Whiplash mentality (or the Soviet mentality), but if coaches are going to push kids at that age, why are they pushing them to play a simple game? Why aren't coaches pushing them to create a masterpiece? “We lose a lot of Pavel Datsyuks to the closed-minded nature of the AHL and NHL.”
Larionov — the Hall of Fame former player for the Canucks, Sharks and Red Wings (with highly forgettable cameos in Florida and New Jersey) — is now a player agent who represents, among others, Nail Yakupov, the dynamic scorer who was drafted No. 1 overall in 2012 and was nearly (and may yet be) lost in the Edmonton Oilers' vortex of negativity.
He talks about Datsyuk's early days with the Red Wings, the mistakes he made trying to be too creative, and how a lesser mind than Scotty Bowman's might have sent him packing. He hints that there are a lot of lesser minds working in the NHL these days.
“I roll my eyes whenever I hear people talk about how fast the game is now and how sophisticated the systems have become,” Larionov writes. “Watching the game, does it really seem much faster? Does it really seem more advanced? We had a saying in the Soviet days that I wish more coaches and scouts would adopt today: It's not how fast you skate, it's how fast you think.”
It's a persuasive argument, especially for those who see a growing sameness to NHL games wherein even the greatest of players are made to play north-south, hard-for-45-seconds shifts, and “manage the puck.”
The timing is curious, surely, because the day of Larionov's post was exactly one year after Canada won Olympic gold in Sochi with a team that masterfully played a north-south, 200-foot game that completely stifled all opponents, allowing just three goals-against in six games; none in the semifinal versus the U.S. or the final against Sweden.
Mike Babcock's team played defence by owning the puck, making simple plays, not turning it over, and playing in the offensive zone. And in the victory news conference, the coach was justified in his drop-the-mic statement that nobody cared who won the Olympic scoring title, but everyone would remember who won the gold medal.
No one who was there will ever forget the devastating speed and tenacity of the Canadians. And yet the top Canadian scorer in the tournament was defenceman Drew Doughty. Canada's incomparable troika of centres, Sidney Crosby, Jonathan Toews and Ryan Getzlaf? Each scored one goal in six games.
In Sochi, Canada was the Big Red Machine, only a different kind: as dazzling in its own highly structured way as Tikhonov's Russian artists in their heyday of the 1980s and early 1990s.
But the hidden message in Larionov's post — entitled The Beautiful Game — was one of extreme irony: that a tyrannical Soviet hockey system could produce such freedom of expression on the ice, while North America's free society seems to have resulted in such unimaginative regimentation.
Odd, that.
One person was killed and nine others injured following a shooting early Sunday in New Orleans' famed French Quarter, officials said.
Police Superintendent Michael Harrison said during a news conference that officers responded about 1:30 a.m. Sunday to the shooting at the intersection of Iberville and Bourbon streets.
Harrison told reporters the shooting victims whose ages ranged from 20 to 37 included two females and eight males. One male victim died at a hospital.
The popular area was crowded because of the Thanksgiving holiday and Bayou Classic football game in the Superdome between Southern and Grambling universities, Fox 8 reported. Harrison said more than 30 officers were in the area because of the game.
"This was not the place or time to bring firearms to the Bayou Classic or any event," he said. "This is not the place where something like this should happen."
Police made two arrests, both of which were men were carrying firearms.
One of the individuals was identified as a victim in the shooting, according to Harrison. He is being treated for his injuries. The second arrest was an unrelated individual found to be in illegal possession of a handgun at the scene, he said.
Glean Williams, who was selling hats and other items at a table a block away from the shooting, told NOLA.com/The Times-Picayune that people ran into doorways and hotels, or hid behind palm trees decorated with Christmas lights along nearby Canal Street.
"It was panic," said Williams, 24. "Everybody started running. People getting run over, stepped on, knocked over."
During a news conference with Harrison, Mayor Mitch Landrieu said authorities would pursue the shooters "very, very aggressively."
"It's totally unacceptable," Landrieu said. "I mean, the violence just continues to spin out of control with people brandishing weapons whenever they think they can."
No further information was immediately available. An investigation is ongoing.
Click for more from Fox8Live.com.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
"Love and Marriage" is a song with lyrics by Sammy Cahn and music by Jimmy Van Heusen. It is published by Barton Music Corporation (ASCAP).
Frank Sinatra versions [ edit ]
"Love and Marriage" was introduced by Frank Sinatra in the 1955 television production of Thornton Wilder's Our Town that aired on Producers' Showcase. Sinatra went on to record two versions of the song. The first was recorded for Capitol Records on August 15, 1955,[1] released on the 1956 album This Is Sinatra!, and became a major chart hit.[2] (A competing version by Dinah Shore also achieved popularity.) The second version was recorded for the Reprise Records album A Man and His Music on October 11, 1965.[3] The Capitol version was later used as the theme song for the 1987–97 Fox TV sitcom Married... with Children.[4]
Although both versions were arranged by Nelson Riddle,[5] there are many slight but noticeable differences. For instance:
In the Capitol version, the opening lyrics are "Love and marriage. Love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage." [5] In the Reprise version, the opening lyrics are "Love and marriage. Love and marriage. They go together like a horse and carriage."
In the Reprise version, the opening lyrics are "Love and marriage. Love and marriage. They go together like a horse and carriage." The Capitol version includes a crescendoing instrumental bridge which was later played over the closing credits of Married... with Children . This bridge is missing from the Reprise version.
. This bridge is missing from the Reprise version. In the Reprise version, Sinatra ends the song by saying (not singing) "No, sir." The ending of the Capitol version is an instrumental version of "Shave and a Haircut" with a bassoon playing the final two notes solo – a C flat and a B flat. (Traditionally, when played in B ♭ major, the last two notes of "Shave and a Haircut" are an A natural and a B flat.)
In 1956, "Love and Marriage" won the Emmy for Best Musical Contribution from the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
Other versions [ edit ]
Bojay Filimoeatu - pronounced BO-jay FEE-lee-moy-ah-too - joins the Raiders after being out of football last season. The 6-1, 258-pound linebacker spent last year recovering from a torn patellar tendon in his knee that stalled his pro career just as it was supposed to be getting off the ground.
Following his 2012 senior season, he played in the Casino Del Sol College All Star Game where he was to showcase his talent to NFL scouts. He suffered the knee injury in that game and just like that, his dreams of a pro career would have to be put on hold a year.
His football career began at Mt San Antonio Community College in Southern California where he was named All-America Community College Football Team Defensive Player of the Year as well as a first-team All-American. He also led Mt San Antonio to its second-consecutive state and Nathional College title where he was named Defensive MVP.
As the 36th ranked junior college player in the nation, Filimoeatu transferred to Utah State where he was an instant starting outside linebacker for the Aggies. He never missed a start over 26 games totaling 112 tackles (48-solo), 20 tackles for loss, and 8.0 sacks over two seasons.
As a senior in 2012, he started all 13 games and finished with 71 tackles, 9 tackles for loss, and 5.0 sacks. He also had a team leading 11 quarterback hurries. That season the Utah State defense was ranked in the top 15 in the country in run defense, allowing less than three yards per carry (2.9). They would go on to rout Toledo 35-19 in the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl.
Due to missing out on all the draft preparation in 2013, Filimoeatu had his pro day this off-season. He was able to spend the time preparing to make a strong impression on scouts at the Utah State pro day.
He certainly made an impression in one particular workout when he lifted the 225-pound bench press 33 times. That would have blown away all other linebackers at the combine and been good for fourth overall at any position. But just so you don't think he is just strong, he showed some decent speed with a 4.72 40-yard dash.
That pro day, along with his stats at Utah State were enough for the Raiders to give him a look as a tryout player. He came in for rookie minicamp along with several other tryout players and earned a spot on the Raiders off-season roster. For reference, this is how Matt McGloin, Chance Casey, Greg Jenkins, and Ryan Robinson all got on the team last year. So it means something to get through that gauntlet. In some ways it means more than being a priority free agent.
Whole Foods encourages shoppers to bring their own shopping bags and prides itself on an ability to provide healthy options to shoppers in the best possible way. But a recent packaging flub is making us shake our heads.
A photo of peeled oranges sitting in plastic containers at a Whole Foods location in California, or rather, an utter misuse of packaging, sent the Internet abuzz when it was posted to Reddit with the caption, "Are people really that lazy nowadays?"
Much like the reaction to the asparagus water debacle of 2015, when the brand came under fire for briefly selling water with stalks of asparagus submerged inside, many Twitter users were quick to question the brand's motives. Nathalie Gordon tweeted: "If only nature would find a way to cover these oranges so we didn't need to waste so much plastic on them."
If only nature would find a way to cover these oranges so we didn't need to waste so much plastic on them. pic.twitter.com/00YECaHB4D — Nathalie Gordon (@awlilnatty) March 3, 2016
Among the over 17,000 retweets which included other instances of stores foregoing produce's natural casing for something synthetic, came a response from the brand itself. In a Tweet, Whole Foods apologized for the unfortunate packaging, vowing to pull the oranges from the shelf and "leave them in their natural packaging: the peel."
@awlilnatty Definitely our mistake. These have been pulled. We hear you, and we will leave them in their natural packaging: the peel. — Whole Foods Market (@WholeFoods) March 3, 2016
A spokeswoman from Whole Foods further explained to The Huffington Post, "a lot of our customers love the convenience of our cut produce offerings, but this was a simple case where a handful of stores experimented with a seasonal product spotlight that wasn't fully thought through. We're glad some customers pointed it out so we could take a closer look."
A radical proposal to short-circuit pay negotiations with the AFL Players Association by putting an offer directly to the footballers to vote on has been placed before league bosses by Melbourne president and prominent industrial lawyer Glen Bartlett.
Bartlett has warned AFL chairman Richard Goyder and CEO Gillon McLachlan they are trapped on a "wheel of death" – an industrial relations term for negotiations that endured for months and potentially years with no evident resolution in sight.
The Bartlett proposal, first suggested at the meeting of club presidents and the commission in March, would create a circuit-breaker for collective bargaining agreement negotiations between the AFL and the players.
The AFL would shut out the players' union and go direct to the 800 or so players should no resolution be reached at a deadline set by both parties.
IDF has confirmed that a rocket launched from Gaza hit Jerusalem, as air raid sirens continue to sound through southern and central Israel. Authorities say there have been no casualties reported following the latest long-range Palestinian rocket salvo.
Read RT's story on Israel's 'Operation Protective Edge'
Meanwhile, Israeli warplanes have struck the home of senior Islamic Jihad militant Hafiz Hamad, killing him and five members of his family, Gaza health officials say. The Palestinian death toll in Gaza now stands at 25, with over 100 injured.
IDF tweeted that 117 rockets have struck Israel in the past 24 hours, and an additional 29 were intercepted by the Iron Dome.
Earlier on Tuesday, Hamas claimed that it fired several rockets at Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, and Haifa. “For the first time, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades strike Haifa with an R-160 rocket, and strike occupied Jerusalem with four M-75 rockets and Tel Aviv with four M-75 rockets,” reads a statement by the group.
However, Israeli media stated that the sirens which rang through Binyamina, located near Haifa, had apparently been falsely activated.
BREAKING PHOTO: People in Jerusalem bomb shelter moments ago. pic.twitter.com/f4eeWo63xy — Israel Breaking ✡ (@IsraelBreaking) July 8, 2014
The Israeli army broadcasted a radio message in Arabic, warning Gaza Strip residents to keep away from militants.
“For your safety, get away from Hamas and their hiding places. Don't go near them. They're endangering your lives. For your safety, don't let them near your homes, don't let them hide in your homes,” The Times of Israel quoted the army's Arabic-language radio message as saying.
In response to constant rocket fire, #IDF hit 50 terror targets today making a total of 200 since the beginning of Operation Protective Edge — IDF (@IDFSpokesperson) July 8, 2014
The Mateh Yehuda Regional Council, located in the Jerusalem district, reported several hits, including one in the town. Jerusalem is located some 80 km (50 miles) north of Gaza.
There were no immediate reports of casualties or damages. "We are not getting reports of casualties from any of the impact areas," chief military spokesman Brigadier-General Motti Almoz told Israel's Channel 10 television.
But Ynet contradicted Almoz's statements, claiming that nine people had been treated for injuries and anxiety attacks.
IDF confirmed that a Gaza rocket hit the Israeli city of Hadera. Haaretz stated that in a further strike, four rockets were fired at Be'er Sheva, southern Israel, three of which were intercepted. However, one of the rockets exploded in an open field.
There were also reports of several explosions in the skies over Israel's Sharon area, located north of Tel Aviv. Local residents reported hearing a large explosion in the city itself, according to The Times of Israel.
The Ryzen hype train has left the station, and to build up its speed, AMD has actually released the source file it used to demonstrate just how fast its upcoming eight-core Summit Ridge CPU is.
This doesn't usually happen, but because Blender is open-source and free, we now have a way for both haters and fans to test their own PC against the first Ryzen-based chip.
Blender is a popular and free renderer.
Step 1: Download and install Blender
First, download the appropriate version of Blender for your operating system from www.blender.org/download. This is a popular and free render that can produce some spectacular results, such as the open-source Tears of Steel movie. The version AMD used is the current 64-bit version of 2.78a for Windows 10. Blender updates can cause performance creep, so you should only use the same version for your testing.
A note for OS X and Linux fans: Blender has been and is OS-sensitive, which means it's faster on some and slower on others. That's fine though. If you to brag about how this OS is superior to that OS in a CPU render, you can do that.
But if you want to try to replicate AMD's test on your hardware, you need to run it on Windows 10. And yes, I mean Windows 10, because Blender results under Windows 8 and Windows 7 won't match up.
Step 2: Download the source file from AMD
Once you have Blender downloaded and installed, you'll need AMD's source file which is available from http://download.amd.com/demo/RyzenGraphic_27.blend.
If you are really serious, you can run processidletasks, but most people don't need to.
Optional Step: Prep your PC
If you just want a casual result you can skip the formal preparation of your PC. If you want a result that is possibly more repeatable, you should disconnect your machine from the network and reboot your machine.
You'd typically wait a few minutes for it to “settle down.” You can even invoke the “process idle tasks” command and then wait 15 or 20 minutes. ProcessIdleTasks basically tells Windows to perform its housecleaning tasks immediately, so they're less likely to happen during testing.
If you're going to be a stickler, you can also temporarily pause any anti-virus programs while running this program.
The vast majority of people reading this can just skip this step, but obviously don't play a game or browse the Internet while the test is running.
You should be ready to run the test AMD has run if your screen looks like this.
Step 3: Open the AMD project
To begin the test, double-click the RyzenGraphic_27.blend file that you downloaded. Assuming the OS associated the .Blend project with Blender, this should launch Blender and open the file. If it didn't, just start up Blender and select File > Open and point it to the RyzenGraphic_27.Blend file.
The latest file should have a default sample size of 150 but you should check this setting to be sure.
Step 4: Check the render sample size
You're almost ready to hit the launch button, but the last thing you should check before you proceed is the render sample size. If you downloaded the file within the last day, it should default to a sample size of 150.
There's been a lot of confusion over the sample size, because AMD has performed the demo at 3.4GHz twice with two different settings.
The initial test, which was captured by PCPer.com on video, was done for press and analysts. It used a sample size of 100 and took 24 seconds to complete. AMD officials told me this was done to make the test run a little shorter for the attention-span-limited press (OK, they didn't call the press that, I did.)
The public demo AMD did at its unveiling of the Ryzen used a sample size of 150 and took 36 seconds. I verified the results and the sample size with AMD as of Friday morning. AMD also initially released the test file with a 100 sample size but has since updated it to 150. So yeah, there's a lot of confusion. Just make sure you set yours to 150.
You can click Render or hit the F12 button.
Step 5: Go!
You're now ready to go. You can pull down the menu and click Render or simply press F12. (Sorry, we can't help MacBook Pro Touch Bar users find that button.) Blender is heavily multi-threaded, and the completion time will vary based on the clock speed, microarchitecture and core count of your PC.
The Blender demo AMD is using for its test loves CPU cores.
Step 6: Interpreting the results
How does your machine compare? We know the eight-core Ryzen takes 36 seconds for a 150 sample size on Windows 10. That tracks with an Intel eight-core Core i7-6900K CPU on the same test settings. The eight-core Xeon E5-2687W machine running Windows 8.1 that I used to take these screen caps coughed up several 49-seconds runs.
Don't take this as the final word on Ryzen performance. That won't happen until the chip is the hands of reviewers, and more controlled and comprehensive tests can be run.
Still, that won't stop you from running the test on your machine so you can brag about it on your favorite forum of choice.
America's prairies are shrinking. Spurred on by high commodity prices and a biofuels rush, farmers are digging up grasslands in the northern Plains to plant crops at the quickest pace since the 1930s. While that's been a boon for farmers, the upheaval could create unexpected problems.
Map showing the percentage of grasslands that were converted into corn or soybean fields between 2006 and 2011.
A new study by Christopher Wright and Michael Wimberly of South Dakota State University finds that U.S. farmers converted more than 1.3 million acres of grassland into corn and soybean fields between 2006 and 2011, a period of soaring crop prices and biofuel mandates (right). In states like Iowa and South Dakota, some 5 percent of pasture is turning into cropland each year.
It's a big transformation in the heart of the country: The authors conclude that the rates of grassland loss are "comparable to deforestation rates in Brazil, Malaysia, and Indonesia." And those changes are already having plenty of impacts.
For one, farmers are now growing crops on increasingly marginal land. In Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota, corn and soy are planted in areas that are especially vulnerable to drought. But farmers take the risk because corn and soy have become so lucrative — and, in part, because the federal government offers subsidized crop insurance in case of failure. (The study also finds evidence that many farmers are no longer enticed by federal conservation programs that pay for grassland cover.)
The loss of pasture itself could also have big environmental impacts. Studies have found that grasslands hold carbon in their soil better than cropland does. So there's a climate-change angle here. A 2008 paper in Science argued that fuels like corn ethanol and soy biodiesel lose a portion of their carbon advantage over gasoline if farmers are simply digging up virgin grassland to grow the crops.
There's a wildlife angle, too: The Prairie Pothole Region, traversing Minnesota and the Dakotas, is one of the continent's key breeding grounds for ducks and other ground-nesting birds. Tall grasses in the area help sustain a number of species and shield birds from predators. But corn fields are now encroaching on the habitat, and bird populations are dropping.
In recent years, some environmental groups have argued that it doesn't make sense for the federal government to keep subsidizing this push into the prairies. A recent report (pdf) from the Environmental Working Group, for instance, argues that Congress should scale back crop insurance for farmers who move into the country's grasslands and wetlands. Farm groups, for their part, say the insurance is vital for their work — instead, Congress should expand conservation programs.
And what about biofuels? Groups like EWG have criticized ethanol mandates for pushing up corn and soybean prices and driving the crop boom. There's a lot more hope for next-generation cellulosic biofuels grown from switchgrass or other plants with a much smaller environmental footprint. Or biodiesel made from algae, say. But until those become viable, the crop rush continues.
Further reading:
--The full peer-reviewed study on grassland loss in the northern plains, published in the Proceedings of the National Academies of Science.
--A longer dive into the debate over federal crop insurance.
--My colleague Steve Mufson explored some of the hurdles still facing cellulosic biofuels. And David Biello looked at attempts to make corn ethanol sustainable.
In this tutorial, you will learn to create robotic butterfly using multiple images. In this process, we simply copy multiple parts of nuts, bolt, pipes, wires etc., and position them in a particular way and using curves increase or decrease the brightness as per requirement to achieve the desired result.
Final Image:
Resources:
Insect
Metal-1
Metal-2
Metal-3
Metal-4
Step-1
To create robotic butterfly, we use the following image as reference.
Keep this image layer at the bottom and lock it.
Step-2
Copy the selected area of the image to create the back of the fly.
Step-3
Using lasso polygonal tool (L), copy the following area of the image into new layer.
Step-4
Now select free transform (ctrl + T), right click to select “perspective ” to reshape the bottom.
Position it in the following way.
Step-5
Step-6
Step-7
Step-8
Step-9
Step-10
Step-11
Step-12
Step-13
Make selection of the head using pen tool.
Step-14
Using the above selection copy the following metal.
Duplicate the above selection and flip it.
Step-15
Using curves (Ctrl + M), decreased its brightness a little bit.
Working with wings:
Step-16
Select new layer and set the following blending options(double-click the layer).
Step-17
Using brush tool (B), draw lines with gray color (#E3E2E1)
Step-18
Duplicate the above lines to other side.
Step-19
Duplicate the following image to merge together.
Step-20
Make wing selection using pen tool(P).
Step-21
Using above selection, copy the metal which we just created.
Step-22
Using dodge tool, highlight the following area.
Step-23
Duplicate the above wing and flip it to the other side.
Step-24
Step-25
Using elleptical marquee tool (M) draw oval selection in new layer and fill it with radial gradient with following color.
Step-26
Select antennas using pen tool (P) , fill it with gray color and setthe following blending options.
Step-27
Mask visible parts of the butterfly .
Step-28
Make outline selection of the butterfly using pen tool(P).
In new layer, fill the selection with black color and blur it (filter>>blur>>gaussian blur) to create drop shadow.
Step-29
At last add radial brackground to get final result like this….
I hope you find this tutorial useful.
Enjoy!!
August 17, 2016 12:11 IST
Hailing India for keeping "neutral stand" over the South China Sea issue despite pressure from the US and Japan, state-run Chinese media on Wednesday said there are some contradictions and frictions between the two nations but the overall bilateral relations have been developing smoothly.
"When it comes to security, after the final award of the South China Sea arbitration was announced, the Indian government has kept a neutral stance despite the pressure from Washington and Tokyo," an article in the state-run Global Times said.
Calling for "solid step forward" to improve relations, the article said "admittedly, there are some contradictions and frictions between China and India, but the overall bilateral relations have been developing smoothly".
It also flayed Indian media for "going too far" to blame China for blocking India's membership in the Nuclear Suppliers Group and linking last week's Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi's visit to India to the South China Sea issue.
"Indian media has spared no effort in linking Wang's visit to the South China Sea issue and the country's failure in joining the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG)," it said.
Last month an international tribunal struck down China's claims over the South China Sea based on historic rights, pushing Beijing on the back foot in its maritime dispute with the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan over the area.
"Regarding the NSG case, Indian media has gone too far, for it is not at all a problem between Beijing and New Delhi. It was the US, not China, who made the relevant rules for NSG membership, and India failed to meet the criteria of entering the club. A dozen NSG members are now opposing India's bid, thus, it does not make sense for Indian media to point an accusing finger at China," it said.
"The two nations may have discussed the issue during Wang's visit, and it is possible for both sides to clarify their own ideas, stances and policies over the matter. But the conjecture that Wang was trying to win India's support over the South China Sea by helping New Delhi with the NSG membership doesn't make sense at all," it said.
This is the second article in as many days by the daily to criticise Indian media.
On August 15, another article blamed the Indian media for "stirring up negative sentiments" against China by highlighting the divergences in the bilateral ties.
"During the Wang's visit the two sides may have also discussed how to further promote a closer partnership, which was raised during Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit," the article said.
"For the moment, when we talk about Sino-India ties, we tend to use the phrase 'relations are generally stable without major conflicts'. Yet this should not be the highest expectation we hold for the relationship," it said.
"Beijing and New Delhi have raised hopes for economic and trade cooperation, but turning them into reality requires wider consensus and more consultations," it said.
Acknowledging problems in the bilateral collaboration on economic and trade issues which "used to be one of the most positive parts of the bilateral relations, it said "joint works in this regard have not been going smoothly in recent years".
"Apart from the sluggish global economy, a major problem remains hard to resolve - India's growing trade deficit with China. Indian products are not competitive and New Delhi complains that Chinese markets are not open enough. Due to the remaining divergences, no good solution has yet been found," it said.
"In 2014, China promised to invest USD 20 billion in India over the next five years. How is this project going? No official figures have been revealed, and no information over major programs in this regard has been heard either over the past two years," it said.
Meanwhile, there is also no real progress on the Beijing-raised Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar Economic Corridor, which is a vital part of the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road.
Numerous reasons can be listed, including political changes and social turmoil in Myanmar, it said.
"More significantly, New Delhi has kept a negative attitude toward the initiative. It does not mean that India is not welcoming China's investment. Yet, given the nation's strategic interests, it does not fully trust China because part of the project goes through sensitive regions in India. China will hence listen to New Delhi's concerns and keep promoting the plan," it said.
"That said, taking a solid step forward over bilateral joint works that can bring mutual benefit is a crucial part of discussions not only during Wang's meetings in India, but also in the future," it said.
"We should not focus on the obstacles, but attach more importance to collaboration with mutual benefits. Due to some long-standing problems, such as territorial disputes, it might be hard for China and India to become true friends, but turning into enemies will not serve anyone's interests," it said.
As the two largest emerging powers in Asia, if China and India can enhance their friendly ties, and have more cooperation on international issues such as carbon emission reduction, reforming the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, the two countries can share more mutual profits, it said.
Photograph: Reuters
Is Spain About to Embrace Chavismo?
When the late Venezuelan strongman Hugo Chávez came into power in 1998, he saw in his movement an answer to capitalism and a solution to Latin America's soaring inequalities. Chávez's aspirations were clearly global, and he even had the gumption to list "preserving life on the planet and saving the human species" as part of his 2012 election platform.
For a while, it seemed as if all of Latin America would catch the chavista wave. But though voters in Bolivia, Ecuador, Argentina, and Nicaragua elected governments that shared Venezuela's ideology and outlook, the wave seemed to die down toward the end of the 2000s.
Now, it seems to be rising in the unlikeliest of places: Spain.
Recent poll numbers in Spain suggest that Podemos, a new left-wing party with deep ties to Venezuela's government, is now the most popular party in Spain, polling better than the two parties that have dominated Spanish politics since the late 1970s. The party was founded by a group of young, left-wing political science professors from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid. They seek to capitalize on the indignant movement, a disorganized group of mostly left-wing citizens not unlike the "Occupy" movement, that held massive protests against the Spanish government's harsh austerity measures in 2012.
The movement came as a result of Spain's profound economic crisis. The European nation and NATO member is only now beginning to emerge from recession, but its citizens have been suffering for years. Even though the economy is improving, the unemployment rate is still at a painful 24 percent, while unemployment for young people hovers around 50 percent. It is no wonder that citizens are desperate for something different — and Podemos, with its combination of left-wing rhetoric and young leadership, fits the bill.
The party was registered in January of this year, and found success quickly. In the European elections in May 2014, it surprised pundits by winning 8 percent of the total vote and five seats in the European Parliament, including one for its founder, the charismatic, ponytailed Pablo Iglesias. (The photo above shows Iglesias greeting supporters at a party meeting on Oct. 18.)
Iglesias and his two main allies, fellow academics Juan Carlos Monedero and Íñigo Errejón, have deep ties to Venezuela's government. There are extensive financial links between the leaders of Podemos and the Chávez government. These men also worked with the Venezuelan leadership for a number of years on everything from "corruption" to "social security," and on a variety of projects involving Venezuelan state TV, the Interior Ministry, and the Central Bank of Venezuela — institutions with questionable democratic credentials. Monedero, for his part, has lived in Caracas on and off for the last 10 years, advising Hugo Chávez personally and frequently appearing on state TV.
There are numerous videos on YouTube where Monedero advances his idea that Chávez was building a democracy on the basis of popular will while his opponents were intent on destabilizing it. At one point, he even calls the Venezuelan opposition "indecent." A year ago, Errejón appeared on state TV denying that Venezuela was on the edge of collapse, and expressing his belief that the South American nation is possibly the world's "most democratic" country because of the frequency of its elections. Iglesias has also made the rounds on Venezuelan state TV to praise Venezuelan "democracy."
Iglesias' take on Spain's deep economic crisis pulls its strategies straight out of the Chávez playbook. He believes the poor state of Spanish democracy can be attributed to the fact that the European Central Bank acts with little regard to the policy preferences of sovereign nations. He rails against capitalism, and says that Latin America offers an example of how to fight against it. He has said that he is "envious" because Venezuelans live in an "exemplary" democracy, even though Venezuela scores poorly on many indicators of democracy. He has railed against private media outlets, while lionizing media reforms in Ecuador, Argentina, and Venezuela, all countries where governments have moved to place stringent limits on the freedom of the press.
On the economy, Podemos clearly supports more state intervention. It has come out in favor of a 35-hour workweek, a freeze on firings in companies that are turning a profit, and maximum and minimum wage legislation. Meanwhile, they hedge their pledges by saying that they do not wish to exit the Euro, claiming that they will not copy Venezuela because it "is not a model for Spain," reassuring Spanish voters who view Venezuela with disdain that they have nothing to worry about.
Regardless of the distance they want to put between themselves and the chavista revolution, chavismo is strikingly evident in most of what Podemos' leaders say. For example, Iglesias, upon being sworn in as a member of the European Parliament, vowed to respect the Spanish Constitution "until the citizens of his country change it." The move had more than a trace of Chávez in it. When the Venezuelan was sworn in for his first term, he also swore on a "moribund" constitution while at the same time vowing to change it, all in the name of "democracy."
Podemos' approach to the Constitution directly parallels the rise of chavismo in Venezuela. Chávez began the process of reform in Venezuela by dismantling the institutions that the public saw as corrupt. The system in Venezuela was evidently broken, and Chávez used his initial popularity to do away with the old system and build a new one tailor-made for his movement. Popular approval of most of his reforms in frequent elections gave his changes the legitimacy they needed. Fifteen years after Chávez was first elected, Venezuela is mired in civil unrest and economic turmoil. Its democracy is severely eroded, and the chavista elite is deeply entrenched.
Like Chávez, Iglesias has sworn to open the doors to a "constitutional" process that undoes the "locks" of the 1978 Constitution. His justification is Spain's dire economic situation, which he blames on "oligarchs."
Spain's next general election is currently scheduled for December 2015, and Podemos' road ahead will not be smooth. Yet the rise of an anti-status quo, populist party should not come as a surprise. Economic and political collapse has sometimes paved the way for radical, heavy-handed autocrats in places as different as Venezuela, Russia, or even Hungary. These leaders then use their popularity to upend institutions and undermine the principles of liberal democracy.
Spanish voters are justified in their anger, and they may decide to give Podemos a vote of confidence in spite of the doubts they may harbor. One has to wonder, though, if they understand what they are getting themselves into.
Juan Nagel is the Venezuela blogger for Transitions, editor of Caracas Chronicles, and author of Blogging the Revolution. Read the rest of his posts here.
If it were possible, ethical or even legal to give a shifty private detective a bag of money to find out what was being said in News International's London headquarters this week, it would take extreme moral fortitude not to bow to temptation.
As the truly incredible phone-hacking scandal unravels yet further, Rupert Murdoch has forfeited fondue and self-congratulation at Davos in favour of a trip to the Wapping office. In recent years Murdoch has delegated matters outside the US to his son James, but his swift and unplanned detour carries with it the implication that there is more here than the usual awkward dynamic of a parental visit.
The implication it is tempting to draw is that Murdoch thinks the situation is out of control and his very presence suggests a lack of faith in James's ability to sort it out. A more plausible scenario is that the scandal involves two things of which James Murdoch knows little and cares for less: journalism and mollifying regulators.
Murdoch has to tame the generation of editors that includes senior executive Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson. Coulson has now both resigned as a newspaper editor and as the government's head of communications over a set of illegal practices in his newsroom he says he was completely ignorant of. As the power of News International grew throughout the 90s, the talented young editors found themselves in positions of ridiculous power and astonishing wealth. Tellingly, perhaps, they also became part of a social set, outside the workplace, with the younger Murdochs. This feeling of faux family has sometimes perhaps stayed the sword where previously it would have been wielded without a second thought.
Boundaries in the newsroom were not sufficiently drawn, or, worse, not drawn at all because there was seemingly no accountability. Not from the top of the company, or from the politicians and regulators. Journalists became friendly with the establishment they reported, to an extent that would make Kelvin MacKenzie spin in his grave, if he were dead.
Rupert Murdoch isn't known for allowing egregious errors in his staff go unpunished, but he has had his eye off the newspaper ball in the UK for quite some time, certainly since buying the Wall Street Journal in the US in 2007.
Now the mess of the phone hacking threatens something that is extremely important to Murdoch: his business interests. It threatens to scuttle the buy-back of BSkyB shares, currently being scrutinised (although that is rather a strong word) by Jeremy Hunt, and although the story has not exactly been front-page news in every paper in the US, the hacking case certainly has the potential to dent Murdoch's reputation in his most important territory.
So far Rupert Murdoch has been kept remote from the unfolding saga. Now he has put himself at the centre of it. Whether he can control it is an open question.
United Nations (U.N.) High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein arrives for the 31st session of the Human Rights Council at the U.N. European headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland, February 29, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. human rights chief on Monday decried a “worrying rise” in detentions of migrants in Greece and Italy and urged authorities to find alternatives to confining children while asylum requests are processed.
More than one million migrants, many fleeing Syria's war, have arrived in Europe through Greece since last year. More than 150,000 have come in 2016 so far - 38 percent of them children, according to United Nations refugee agency data. Italy has also set up mandatory detention centers.
“Even unaccompanied children are frequently placed in prison cells or centers ringed with barbed wire. Detention is never in the best interests of the child – which must take primacy over immigration objectives,” Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein said in a speech to the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva.
“Alternatives to the detention of children must be developed,” he told the start of a three-week council session.
Zeid said it was possible for Europe to create “well-functioning migration governance systems”, with fair assessment of individual requests for international protection while removing what he called “hysteria and panic from the equation”.
Zeid deplored anti-migrant rhetoric “spanning the length and breadth of the European continent ... This fosters a climate of divisiveness, xenophobia and even – as in Bulgaria – vigilante violence”.
In April, Bulgarian police arrested a local man who had posted video on social media showing how he tied up three migrants near the Turkish border.
The migrant influx has drawn a rising public backlash, in part because of strains it has imposed on housing and social services. Concerns have also been raised in some EU countries about their ability to integrate many mostly Muslim migrants.
Political strategist Kellyanne Conway displayed a distinct lack of enthusiasm about Hillary Clinton's “I am woman, hear me roar!” primary victory speech, as SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon described it, during her Breitbart News Daily appearance on Wednesday.
“I feel like a complete victim of the patriarchy, about to be rescued, Steve, absolutely,” Conway deadpanned. “Thank you, Hillary Clinton. If I can just get her $12,000 Armani jacket from last night and hock it, I can pay for, like, one kid's tuition next year. I'm really pumped.”
Looking ahead to the general election, Conway thought Clinton's campaign themes were obvious, and tedious.
“We've already heard Hillary Clinton's pitch to the American people, especially as it is against Donald Trump,” she said. “She's going to break out the ‘isms' daily: the racism, the xenophobia, the sexism, the nativism – you know, you name it, and she'll pull it out.”
“Why? Because she feels that's been successful for her, and really, that's what the Democratic Party's adjuncts are comprised of now,” Conway continued. “Listen to her speech last night. Listen to her attacks on Donald Trump. Hillary Clinton was billed as giving a, quote, ‘foreign policy speech' last week. I challenge anybody to show me that fifty percent of it, thirty percent of it, was foreign policy. It was mostly a screed against Donald Trump.”
She thought it was ironic for a Democrat nominee that Clinton would be “acerbic,” “negative,” and “anti-something.”
“That is not the model of Bill Clinton, or even Barack Obama,” Conway observed. “The ‘boy from Hope,' the ‘Hope and Change,' the ‘Yes We Can.'”
She noted that JFK, and even Jimmy Carter, ran on fundamentally optimistic platforms. Carter was the “post-Watergate peanut farmer from Plains, Georgia,” while “H. Robot” Clinton has great difficulty sounding inspirational or uplifting. She noted the bitter, negative, combative approach was taken by losing Democrat candidates, such as Al Gore and John Kerry.
“She thinks when she yells about pay equity and equal rights for everyone – look at her own slogan, ‘Fighting for Us,' and you have a woman up there saying, ‘fighting for LGBT rights, fighting for pay equity, fighting!' Nobody wants to see fighting, fighting. Even Bernie Sanders – what is his slogan? ‘A Future We Can Believe In.' So she's out of bounds even for the sort of garden-variety Democratic nominee message,” said Conway.
As for Donald Trump, Conway thought he made a “great start” on his general election campaign with his speech on Tuesday night.
“I thought it was terrific,” she said. “When he explained what he means by ‘American First,' it means he's pro-America worker, he's pro-America patriotism. And he also – look, I think Donald Trump is the only person in modern political history, Jeff Sessions perhaps, to really understand the cultural zeitgeist that underpins the political appetite for someone who says, ‘I hear you.' Men say ‘I'm getting screwed,' women say ‘I'm struggling' — they're both saying the same thing, which is that there is an economic challenge in this country.”
“Some people have never recovered from the white-collar recession, the recession of 2007, 2008,” Conway explained. “They feel left behind from the system. Donald Trump is going to take on Hillary Clinton as the insider beneficiary of a rigged system.”
She particularly liked the line from Trump's speech where “he said, basically, that the Clinton Global Initiative, the Foundation, is a quote ‘hedge fund' for Bill Clinton, that he has benefitted, they benefitted tremendously. He named names, he named countries. They benefitted tremendously, basically a hedge fund, a slush fund for them, while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State.”
“I think Donald Trump's been reading Clinton Cash,” she added.
Despite the media's heavy focus on Clinton's speech, her “historic” primary victory, and Trump's scuffle with the judge presiding over the Trump University lawsuit, Gonzalo Curiel, Conway thought Trump's criticism of Clinton corruption would resonate with voters.
“It plays right into why a majority of Americans say that Hillary Clinton is neither likable, nor trustworthy,” she said. “Her problem is with the truth, and veracity. Her husband's problem was casual relationships with women, a casual relationship with the truth.”
Conway acknowledged the significance of Clinton becoming the first female nominee from a major party, describing it as a milestone she would like her own daughters to properly appreciate, but “it seems kind of hollow if somebody is to say, ‘I'm the first nominee.' It's not like she's a self-made, self-aware, struggling single mom who pulled herself up from the bootstraps.”
“Most importantly, she just lost 21 or 22 states to a socialist. Millennial women have rejected her in her own party, and yet, she's quote, ‘made history as the first female nominee. It seems very hollow,” Conway concluded.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
Ruth Davidson said that Nicola Sturgeon appeared to be arguing that her nationalism was better than other types of nationalism TIMES PHOTOGRAPHER JAMES GLOSSOP
Nicola Sturgeon should accept that she is a nationalist and not try to paint over the real nature of her party, Ruth Davidson has claimed.
The Scottish Conservative leader took issue with the first minister's comments at the Edinburgh Book Festival where she talked of regret at her party's name: the Scottish National Party.
Ms Sturgeon said that, if she could turn the clock back 90 years, she would not choose the name because of the connotations the name has with the ugly side of nationalism. The SNP leader said she believed in an inclusive and outward-looking approach to politics, which was why she had trouble with the term nationalism.
Yesterday, Ms Davidson seized on Ms Sturgeon's comments, calling them an “outrageous act of self-deception”.
Hamburg are considering a bid for Everton striker Nikica Jelavic, sporting director Oliver Kreuzer has said.
Jelavic is interesting Hamburg, Kreuzer says
Kreuzer said he hoped the Merseysiders would be willing to sell the Croatia international, but added that Hamburg had to work out whether a deal would be financially viable.
“Jelavic would be exactly the right player for us. He is a really dangerous striker,” he said. “But we have to scrutinise whether it is financially possible.”
Jelavic, 27, who scored seven goals last season, could be allowed to leave Goodison Park by new Toffees manager Roberto Martinez, Kreuzer said, adding: “I have heard that Everton's new manager wants to sell him.”
However, before making a move for the striker – likely to cost around €7 million - Hamburg would need to offload some fringe players.
“Day in, day out, I talk to all the agents, but nothing has come up yet,” Kreuzer said. “If we manage that [to sell two or three players] we could work out if a loan or a payment in instalments would be possible.”
Hamburg conceded five goals and failed to score any during a pre-season tournament in Monchenglabach at the weekend, losing to Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund.
Their strikers, Latvia international Artjoms Rudnevs, 25, and summer signing Jacques Zoua, 21, played 60 minutes each, and Hamburg coach Thorsten Fink said: “They both have certain strengths and certain weaknesses.”
Updated Tuesday with audio from the "St. Louis on the Air" veto session preview.
The Missouri General Assembly's veto session, which begins Wednesday, generally shuffles into the background during an election year. While legislators could have very busy day (or two), the unrest in Ferguson has sucked up most of the state's political oxygen this year.
To be sure, none of the issues that could be debated this week have a direct connection to Ferguson. But Gov. Jay Nixon spent time that he would have used to defend his vetoes dealing with the aftermath of Michael Brown's death. He also encountered plenty of criticism from some Democrats, including lawmakers who may be needed to prevent veto overrides.
All these things could affect what happens this week. Even though some professional political aggregators may not approve, here are five things to watch out for when the veto session is gaveled into session.
What will be the main event?
In the past two veto sessions, it was easy to pick out the most high-profile override battles. The 2013 veto session focused on tax cuts and gun nullification while the 2012 session centered primarily on a bill taking aim at a federal contraception mandate.
This time, none of the bills sticks out as the “main event.” One reason could be that lawmakers already overrode Nixon's veto of a tax cut bill earlier this year. The other potentially big ticket item — a bill overhauling the state's school transfer law — isn't likely to have enough votes.
So what are the prime candidates? A batch of bills enacting various tax breaks, which Nixon derisively labeled the “Friday favors”; legislation enacting a 72-hour waiting period for abortions; and a bill defining captive deer as livestock.
One wildcard could be a showdown over Nixon's line item budget vetoes. There's disagreement about whether the legislature can override them en masse or whether they'll have to handle them individually. If it's the latter, lawmakers may spend most of their time trudging through that process.
"St. Louis on the Air": Political reporters Jo Mannies and Marshall Griffin preview the veto session.
Can Republicans have another record-breaking session?
Even though the legislature didn't have enough votes to override the tax cut or gun nullification bills last year, they still managed to enact 10 bills over Nixon's objections. House Speaker Tim Jones, R-Eureka, already predicted “at first blush that this session may very well be as historic as the last one."
Indeed, many of the bills that Nixon vetoed passed by overwhelming margins — including some of the so-called “Friday favors” bills. There's no guarantee lawmakers who voted for those bills will stick with their original votes, but lawmakers may exceed their tally from last year.
Of course, the success or failure of a veto session may hinge on whether the bigger-ticket items get overruled as opposed to sheer quantity.
Will conservative Republicans in the Missouri Senate be kingmakers?
Last year, Missouri Republicans had absolutely no room for error to override bills. That was because they had 109 members at the time — the exact number needed to overrule Nixon's objections.
Thanks to two special elections earlier last month, House Republicans will have 110 members at the start of veto session — providing a little wiggle room on bills that may particularly tight. But the real drama may end up in the Missouri Senate.
That's because Republican Scott Rupp resigned earlier this year to join the Missouri Public Service Commission. That means Republicans are down to 23 members – the exact number needed to override a veto. The Senate's more conservative members — such as Sens. John Lamping, R-Ladue, Ed Emery, R-Lamar, and Rob Schaaf, R-St. Joseph — may decide to vote against bills they see as fiscally imprudent.
That would leave the Republicans short of the numbers to override Nixon. Unless…
How will Democrats matter this year?
During a Politically Speaking podcast earlier this year, House Minority Leader Jake Hummel, D-St. Louis, noted how his caucus gains a lot of power during veto session when Democrats can spell the difference between a bill being overridden or thrown into the dustbin.
Some House Democrats — such as state Senate contenders Jeff Roorda and Ed Schieffer — may break ranks to override Nixon on conservative bills, such as bills requiring a 72-hour waiting period for abortion and relaxing firearms regulations. There may also be support for certain tax break bills that Democrats deem acceptable.
Democrats may play a more important role in the Senate, especially if some Republicans decide to sustain Nixon's vetoes. Plenty of Senate Democrats broke ranks during the last veto session, but Republicans also had 24 members – which may have changed the calculus for how those senators voted.
Will Senate Democrats decide to filibuster anything? That hasn't happened in the last two veto sessions, but it could have affect which bills come up for an override attempt.
What impact did Ferguson have on Nixon's ability to sustain his vetoes?
Throughout his tenure as governor, Nixon has been particularly adept at pointing out what he perceives as flaws in bills. He often showcases these snafus in a very public way – as evidenced by how he barnstormed the state to upend last year's tax cut.
Nixon was going through a similar exercise earlier this year to combat the “Friday favors.” But after the crisis in Ferguson reached a fever pitch, he had to devote his attention to keeping protests under control – not lambasting the work of the Republican legislature. Short-circuiting that process could matter this week, especially if Nixon couldn't use his bully pulpit to convince a few Republican legislators to sustain his vetoes.
Nixon also faced some very public criticism from some Democrats during the Ferguson unrest – particularly from state Sens. Maria Chappelle-Nadal, D-University City, and Jamilah Nasheed, D-St. Louis. It will be worth watching to see if some members of the state's legislative black caucus abandon Nixon on certain veto overrides.
This isn't necessarily a sure thing. After all, the school transfer legislation showcased a particularly public divide between African-Americans in the House and Senate. But this week could indicate whether Nixon's already tenuous ability to influence a hostile legislature is fractured further.
On the Trail, a weekly column, weaves together some of the intriguing threads from the world of Missouri politics.
NFL RFP Suggests League Is Open To Changing "TNF" Package
The NFL has told media companies that they have to submit bids for the “Thursday Night Football” package by early January. Yesterday, the league sent media companies interested in bidding on the package RFP documents that show that the NFL is open to making changes to the package, which has been the focus of complaints by fans, players and TV execs. For this cycle, TV nets are encouraged to bid on the entire package, which would include streaming rights. The league's RFP offers the possibility that a digital company could buy the entire package, which has never happened with the NFL before. That could lead to a scenario where a company like Amazon would produce the games and sell them to affiliates in the local markets.
In most other ways, the RFP looks similar to ones handed out in previous years. The league could sell the main package to one or two TV nets. NFL Net has to carry a minimum of seven games exclusively in order to comply with affiliate deals with pay-TV operators. A digital platform will stream the broadcast games, part of what the league calls a “tri-cast.” Broadcasters also can submit bids on packages of varying sizes, from 4-11 games.
But the document also makes it clear that the league is open to making significant changes to the “TNF” package. The NFL has the flexibility to change the number of games in the package, which currently is at 18. The league has told media execs that it would even consider moving more games off of Thursday nights. This season's “TNF” schedule had three games on Saturday, one on Sunday morning from London and one on Monday afternoon (Christmas Day).
Read more
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has endorsed Eric Kingson in the Democratic primary for the 24th Congressional District seat in the Syracuse area.
Sanders, 74, announced his support for his fellow septuagenarian in a fundraising email sent to supporters Tuesday afternoon.
"I'm endorsing Eric Kingson for Congress in New York because he led the fight to protect Social Security, and I'm endorsing Paul Clements in Michigan because he can help unseat the leading climate change denier in Congress," Sanders wrote in his endorsement of the two candidates.
Kingson, 70, a Syracuse University professor from Manlius, is co-founder of the national group Social Security Works. He started the Strengthen Social Security Coalition, a group of more than 300 national and state organizations that want to strengthen and expand Social Security.
Kingson has gathered support from many of the same people in the progressive wing of the Democratic Party who support Sanders.
Several former "Syracuse for Sanders" campaign volunteers have also joined the Kingson campaign in recent weeks. But Kingson has been an underdog in the three-way race for the Democratic nomination in the 24th District.
Kingson said in an interview Tuesday that the Sanders email brought in more than $20,000 in contributions to his campaign from more than 3,800 people in the first few hours after its distribution.
Like Sanders, Kingson has refused to accept contributions from Wall Street and other corporate special interests through political action committees.
Colleen Deacon, 39, a former Central New York district director for U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, has received endorsements from most top Democrats in Washington and Central New York.
U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., joined Gillibrand at a campaign stop in Syracuse on Monday. In addition, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in Washington has put its weight behind Deacon.
A third candidate, Syracuse lawyer Steve Williams, 52, of Baldwinsville, has managed to raise more money than Kingson and pick up the support of a top Democrat in Congress -- U.S. Rep. Steve Israel, D-Long Island.
Watch Kingson's first campaign ad
Deacon and Williams have been able to use their campaign contributions to buy TV advertising that will stay on the air until the primary election on June 28. Kingson began running a more modest cable TV advertising campaign on Tuesday at a cost of about $5,000.
The winner of the Democratic primary will take on Rep. John Katko, R-Camillus, in the November election. The 24th Congressional District covers all of Onondaga, Cayuga and Wayne counties and the western half of Oswego County, including the cities of Fulton and Oswego.
Contact Mark Weiner anytime: Email | Twitter | Facebook | 571-970-3751
For those who think political satire doesn't exist in Japan, take another look at the now-infamous performance by the Southern All Stars on NHK's “Kohaku Uta Gassen” New Year's Eve concert.
Sporting a Hitler mustache, lead singer Keisuke Kuwata took what most interpreted as a dig at Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his jamboree of historical whitewashers.
“Textbooks run out of time before modern history, the part we most want to know,” sang Kuwata in “Peace and Hi-Lite.” “Why do people forget the stupid, tragic things we did in the past.
“Raising fists will not open hearts,” he went on, calling the villain at the heart of the song “the emperor in the emperor's new clothes,” and asking, “Didn't we have enough (of this) in the 20th century?”
Given the political climate, and the fact that nearly half the households in the Kanto region were tuned into the show, it was a brave piece of political theater. It was also pretty rare.
Japan has few political comedians and no satirical magazines or cartoonists to speak of. There is no Charlie Hebdo, “The Daily Show” or The Onion, the U.S. satirical magazine; no “Monty Python” or “Spitting Image,” landmark British comedy shows that mercilessly lampooned the powerful.
Openly mocking politicians is often considered bad form. Satirizing the Imperial family is not only culturally verboten — it's dangerous. Kuwata came close when he pretended at another concert last year to auction off a medal he received from the emperor.
British writer Will Self describes satire as the “deployment of humor, ridicule, sarcasm and irony in order to achieve moral reform.” The test, he says, is to apply H.L. Mencken's definition of good journalism: It should “afflict the comfortable and comfort the afflicted.” It should also leave the subject looking, well, as ridiculous as possible.
There is a long tradition of using jokes to undermine the powerful, which is one reason why you don't hear many in North Korea — not in public, anyway.
So why does Japan seem to have largely abandoned the field? The question often invites cultural cliches: The craving for “consensus” and the fact that Japanese people supposedly consider social order more important than abstract concepts of free speech and human rights.
Those explanations miss another reason, however: intimidation. Challenging power, even with humor, is risky, as Kuwata found out. Predictably, right-wingers hated his stunt and picketed his management company, forcing him to issue a desultory mea culpa.
For lovers of satire, that sad denouement was all too typical. Student Yamato Aoki, who made people laugh when he set up a website poking fun at Abe, also apologized for causing offense — the whole point of satire. Not surprisingly, Abe didn't get the joke. The thin-skinned prime minister criticized the website as “despicable.”
Tough guys are surprisingly sensitive to criticism, too. Filmmaker Juzo Itami was famously beaten and slashed across the face by the yakuza in 1992 after he satirized them in the brilliant “Minbo no Onna” (“The Gentle Art of Japanese Extortion”). Itami gleefully overturned years of cinematic mythologizing by portraying the mob as stupid, venal and weak.
If there was a tipping point in the war on satire, we might pick December 1960. Chuo Koron magazine published a landmark parody in which the narrator dreams that left-wing revolutionaries take over the Imperial Palace and behead Crown Prince Akihito and Princess Michiko in front of a cheering crowd. After watching the Imperial heads roll, the narrator has an angry exchange with the Meiji Emperor's wife.
The dowager empress tells him he owes his life to the Showa Emperor, Hirohito, who “saved the country” by surrendering unconditionally on Aug. 15, 1945. “How can you say that, you shitty old hag?” says the narrator. “Damn you! Our lives were saved because people around your grandson persuaded him to! Unconditionally!”
The satire — unthinkable today — provoked fury in the Imperial Household Agency, and among ultra-nationalists, who demonstrated daily outside Chuo Koron's Tokyo offices. Finally, on Feb. 1, 1961, a 17-year-old rightist broke into the home of Chuo's president, Hoji Shimanaka, killed a maid with a sword and severely wounded Shimanaka's wife.
The incident had profound consequences for freedom of the press in Japan. The author, Shichiro Fukazawa, went into hiding, Shimanaka apologized repeatedly, Chuo Koron pulled in its horns and other publishers followed suit. Bungei Shunju magazine balked at publishing the followup to Kenzaburo Oe's anti-rightist novel, 17, and no mainstream publisher ever dared to publish such a satire again.
Ironically, Fukazawa wrote the piece to warn about the radical left, according to the editor who replaced Shimanaka at Chuo Koron.
“It was a story about the terror of revolution, but what remained in the mind was the visceral image of the crown prince and princess' heads flying,” says Kazuki Kasuya, who helmed the magazine until 1978. “It was a mistake to publish such an inflammatory article during what was a revolutionary situation in Japan. The article itself was the problem, not the reaction to it.”
Japan faced another crisis 30 years later with similarities to the one now faced by France: a dangerous, well-financed death cult that attempted to set up its own caliphate, intimidated and attacked journalists, and reacted murderously to being lampooned.
Aum Shinrikyo used elite lawyers to muffle the media and intimidation to silence critics. It tried to murder several journalists, including freelancer Shoko Egawa, before gassing the Tokyo subway, killing 12 people and injuring thousands.
“In many respects, Aum is the prototype for al-Qaeda, and its devotion to mass murder, its religious base, and its attachment to modern technology,” wrote U.S.-based reporter David Kaplan in 2007.
Once again, it was lone iconoclasts like Kuwata who called them out. Cartoonist Yoshinori Kobayashi and ubiquitous TV commentator Dave Spector were among the small number of those who began to ridicule them. As a result, they both famously ended up on Aum's assassination list. “They didn't have a sense of humor,” Spector recalls laconically.
Spector says there is little desire in Japan for political satire.
“They're too comfortable with each other here,” he says. “Abe is taking media people out to dinner all the time. Japan is so small you run into each other all the time — it's not like Washington, where you never see those people.”
Most people understand why Kuwata apologized, he says: appeasement. “It's his management company that issues the apology — it's a way of getting the rightist groups off your back, because they don't stop. People here are savvy enough to know that if you don't apologize, they keep going — just move on.”
The lack of a major forum for mockery has pushed those in Japan with a taste for edgy, offensive humor to cyberspace. Thousands of tweets have been posted since last Tuesday lampooning Islamic State with digitally altered photos of the two Japanese hostages and their Islamic State tormentor.
In one, the knife in the hands of the man widely believed to be “Jihadi John” has been replaced with a camera on a stick as he takes a selfie. Another shows the jihadist using his knife to carve meat from a kebab stand.
As The Washington Post noted, with two men facing a gruesome death, the hashtagged images “may seem silly, perhaps even reckless.” But they also, perhaps unconsciously, tap into a long tradition of poking a stick in the eyes of people who would otherwise have us cower in fear.
Naturally, the tweets have provoked controversy and criticism. It seems that many people like the fact that Japan's humor is generally considerate and respectful. The problem is that some people in power don't deserve respect. Or consideration.
Comments: community@japantimes.co.jp
The Rams and Kayvon Webster have agreed to terms on a contract that will bring Webster to L.A. to be a starter for the first time in his career. Is Webster more than just an underrated option? That could actually be the case.
Webster is a 26-year old who has already won a Super Bowl playing for the Broncos. Now, he is going to a team that hasn't had the success he had in Denver, but quite possibly a better fit. The Rams are on the rise as some would say but one of the main reasons Webster chose to come to the city of angels was because of the fact his former defensive coordinator Wade Phillips is now with the Rams.
The 2013 former third-round draft pick from South Florida started off his rookie season with only two starts (and the only two starts he would end up having in his career up until now) and ten pass breakups. He performed very well and looked every bit the part of a rising star. So why didn't he continue receiving that kind of playing time you ask? Look at the Broncos roster for his rookie season. Chris Harris Jr. and Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie started but behind them was Champ Bailey who at that point was a shell of his former self, Quentin Jammer who fell off after his years in San Diego and Tony Carter who was Webster's direct competition.
Now, fast forward to the 2016 season and notice that the Broncos have since signed Aqib Talib in free agency who makes up one half of the most elite CB duo in the league with Harris. On top of that the Broncos have spent a first-round draft pick on Bradley Roby who has manned the nickel cornerback position very well. That leaves practically no room for the special teams captain Webster. Yes, that's right, special teams captain. Webster was considered as one of the fan favorites in Denver and if you don't believe me go check out his twitter page that was raided by Denver fans begging him to stay or even telling him to leave and be a starter and find more playing time somewhere else. It is widely believed around the team and some of the league (even though only the Dolphins and Eagles were the other teams interested) that Webster can be an effective starter in the NFL.
Doesn't his whole story sound familiar? Or were you not paying attention to a young CB on the Texans by the name of A.J. Bouye? Well, before free agency Bouye still wasn't a household name even being a top three rated CB per Pro Football Focus' grading metric and having 16 pass breakups. Now? He pretty much is after inking what was a monster contract with the Jacksonville Jaguars to pair him with rookie rising star Jalen Ramsey. At one point though he was behind a load of cornerbacks. Bouye, just like Webster, had a season where he was able to show off some of his skill after batting down 10 passes and adding three interceptions to his total in 2014. The next season however, Bouye was kicked out of any sort of spotlight for a first round CB by the name of Kevin Johnson. Just like how Webster lost his playing time for good.
25-year old CB A.J. Bouye inked a five-year, $67.5 million deal this off-season.
Unlike Webster's situation, Bouye received playing time after the man ahead of him Johnson broke his foot in mid-October. Bouye's number was called and he rose to the occasion. How good was Bouye? He was named multiple times in the Pro Football Focus feature piece "The NFL's Best Cornerbacks Versus Each Route Type In 2016". Bouye was listed as the best CB defending the slant route and second best at defending in and out routes. Clearly all it took for Bouye was real playing time to show off what he could do. Now, Webster who never had to relieve anyone due to an injury like the way Bouye did, can finally get his chance.
The Rams employ a 3-4 defense which is not only what Webster is accustomed to operating in but he was in the same exact defense in Denver with Wade Phillips of course. Webster is bound to know the playbook and the scheme like the back of his hand even though he never really got to play a ton in it. While the future of Rams franchised CB Trumaine Johnson is fair to question. . .it's likely if he doesn't end up being traded Johnson and Webster will share in a successful season. This time Webster has the playing time and holds all of the cards, he's flashed some serious potential in the past, but now it is time to show everyone what he can do. The good news for the Rams is that, Bouye had this great season in his contract year and ended up leaving the team that took forever to give him chance. Webster just left the team that never gave him his chance as a starter to come to a team that will give him his chance.
The conversation surrounding what is or isn't “over the line” in comedy isn't new. More recently, the conversation has shifted from young comedians fighting for freedom of speech to older comedians decrying political correctness. The latest controversial jokes from Felix “Pewdiepie” Kjellberg sit at the crossroads of that ongoing debate: is there a line you can't cross in comedy?
Comedy can be pushed forward by testing the waters with edgy material, but such acts can meet pushback. Lenny Bruce was arrested for violating obscenity laws in the state of California for saying the word, “cocksucker,” during a set in 1961, and would continue to have legal troubles until 1964. He eventually died while appealing his conviction. While modern comedians are less likely to be arrested for their jokes, they still have to contend with public opinion. In 2005 Sarah Silverman appeared to be seriously confessing that she had been raped as a child by legendary talk show host Joe Franklin during her rendition of the Aristocrats joke for a documentary about the long running gag. Franklin threatened to sue, saying, “I didn't like the nature of that wisecrack.”
Some anchors of modern comedy assert that public opinion on what can or cannot be joked about has made it harder for them to work, however. In 2013, Comedian Jim Norton appeared on W. Kamau Bell's late night show Totally Biased to talk to feminist culture writer Lindy West about rape jokes, with Norton arguing that nothing was off limits. Seminal comic Jerry Seinfeld said in 2015 that he doesn't perform at college campuses anymore because the students are too politically correct. But it isn't just more experienced comedians who are telling controversial jokes and getting backlash. Last year, Adult Swim canceled sketch show A Million Dollar Extreme Presents: World Peace after Brett Gelman severed ties with the network, citing hateful and anti-semitic messaging in sketches.
Advertisement
Public backlash and political correctness doesn't irritate or anger every comedian, even ones that deal with controversial topics. While I was a assistant editor of Paste Magazine's Comedy section we ran an interview with Anthony Jeselnik, a comedian whose entire schtick is telling jokes about national tragedies and other sensitive topics. Talking about Seinfeld's assertion about college students, he said, “Anyone who complains about PC culture is lazy and I think that it's my goal to kind of get through that obstacle course. I like doing colleges because it's a challenge. … I don't want a bunch of gross old men in the back smoking cigars saying they need more racist stuff. That sucks.” Silverman herself has disavowed some of her her older, edgier material.
“Comedy is an exact science—not alchemy. You've got to know your ingredients and what you want your end result to be.”
If what Kjellberg does is comedy, then, where does he fit into this conversation? In his response video, he refers to himself as a “rookie comedian,” who missed the mark with a joke. The bit in question is one where he used the web service Fiverr to pay two men in India to dance around holding a sign that said, “Death to all Jews.”
Advertisement
According to PhD candidate Benjamin Aspray, who is writing his dissertation on offensive jokes and “gross out” humor, boundary pushing in comedy goes back as far as Aristophanes joking about defecation and anal rape. “Historically this type of humor's been confined to institutionally tolerated spaces such as the medieval carnival, the burlesque stage, or the midcentury ‘party records” where it [let] a (predominantly male, white) public temporarily bring out into the open the drives and concerns kept otherwise private/unsaid by the civilizing function of taboos,” he said.
“Matters of the bedroom and the toilet have been mainstays. Racist and sexist humor, meanwhile, have sort of run a reverse trajectory, since their taboo status was conferred during the Civil Rights era, and almost immediately reclaimed under the pretense of confronting taboos with inconvenient truths. Lenny Bruce, who famously framed the use of racial slurs and profanity as robbing them of the power their taboo status allows them to have, remains the patron saint of this position.”
Advertisement
So it isn't as if what Kjellberg is doing doesn't have precedent. But Pat Whalen, who hosts a monthly late night talk show in Chicago called Good Evening with Pat Whalen, stresses that message comes first when it comes to controversial topics. He said, “Comedy is an exact science—not alchemy. You've got to know your ingredients and what you want your end result to be.”
In that sense, Kjellberg is following a familiar trajectory for new comedians. “When you start out you go for the blue comedy—jokes about sex and vaginas and dick jokes just to prove how edgy you are,” said Meghana Idurti, co-founder of the comedy collective Team US Comedy “You start out assuming that you have to say really crazy stuff to be considered funny before you realize that you're way funnier when you're being authentic and vulnerable and observant and sometimes even self-deprecating.”
Another Team US Comedy co-founder, Vikram Pandya, said he has seen performers telling jokes like Kjellberg's as well. “At open mics, you're often only performing to other comedians so to get a reaction a lot of newer comics resort to shock humor to illicit a reaction,” he said.
Advertisement
Whalen said that, “finding the balance between who you are and what your audience wants is something I think every performer experiences.” But he continued, “The x variable here for me is the platform/size of audience.”
“He made a joke about killing every Jewish person on the planet, and—to put it lightly—that just does not jive with Disney's brand.”
For some working comedians, the line on what you can tell jokes about has more to do with your audience than the content. “At the end of the day, it boils down to if your material has an audience or not. Whether that material is offensive or not, if you have enough of an audience these days that passes as acceptable,” Pandya said. “Felix is a perfect example of this. While offensive, he is extremely successful and has a loyal fan base.”
Advertisement
“Comedians use audiences to gauge their jokes. If a joke doesn't get a laugh then they go work on it until it does or ditch it,” said Cammi Upton, an artist that has worked with comedians Nick Kroll, Nick Offerman and John Mulaney. But she points out that for Kjellberg, there's a larger delay in between the telling of the joke and the reaction to it. “The difference with Felix is that the feedback he gets isn't as clear as to whether people laugh or not in the moment. His positive feedback is shown in … subscribers, and that a Disney-owned company wanted to make a deal with him ... offensive material and all.”
But while Kjellberg has an enormous audience, he's still faced professional repercussions for edgy humor, in that he was dropped from Disney and Maker Studios, and had his YouTube Red show canceled. Whalen points out that while the relationship between Disney and Kjellberg may seem unusual, this model is recognizable to comedians. “I don't think the dynamic is that much different than Stephen Colbert and CBS. CBS pays Colbert to write material, and prays he doesn't say anything stupid, offensive, or critical of their network. This investment has paid off, especially lately. ... The difference is that Colbert has experience and vision. Looks to me like Pewdiepie does not.”
Advertisement
For Aspray, the fallout from Kjellberg's Fiverr bit reminds him of the cancellation of Million Dollar Extreme Presents: World Peace. “That was another instance of a boutique subsidiary of a major media conglomerate invest[ing] in grassroots video production from the internet, only to drop them after the reactionary elements of their work … started getting exposed to the wider public,” he said. “I don't think Felix is even in the same ballpark as Sam Hyde and co. in terms of the latter's explicitly fascist provocations, but I do think that both are the product of online spaces where radically uninhibited discourse flourishes to an extent that, say, anti-Semitic iconography is a regular feature of the vocabulary, without necessarily corresponding to genuine political convictions one way or the other.”
Whalen said more simply, “He made a joke about killing every Jewish person on the planet, and—to put it lightly—that just does not jive with Disney's brand. This isn't a free speech issue, it's a branding issue.”
Given their understanding of comedy as a business, working comedians aren't surprised by the fallout from the Fiverr bit. Upton was even surprised that Disney had wanted to be associated with Kjellberg in the first place, saying, “His whole thing is to try to be funny at any cost and he doesn't think anything is off-limits as far as comedy is concerned.” She did also say that her niece is huge Pewdiepie fan.
Advertisement
“A similar thing does happen, I think, to comedians who land TV series after working the stand-up circuit,” Aspray said. “As Amy Schumer has shown, though, once a comedian has established herself a commercially viable institution, she's able to convert some of her caché … into risks that younger comedians might be less likely to take.” Indeed, while Schumer has faced backlash for racially charged jokes, she's somewhat insulated by her network television show and film acting career.
“[Kjellberg would] do much better to take this as a lesson in corporate logics and how to keep capital on your side rather than mistaking the moves of Disney or any other media conglomerate as corresponding to some stalwart set of moral values,” Aspray said.
For his part, Kjellberg realizes that whatever his aims, the joke didn't land. But the feedback from the audience that matters most to him might indicate that he doesn't really need to change. “For what it's worth,” Whalen said, “it seems his subscriber count hasn't gone down by much.”
We hate to interrupt all the fun you are having at barbecues and pool parties these days, but there's some surprising news you need to know about: Summer is cheat season — the time of year when people are most likely to sneak around on their partners.
And though chicks do their fair share of cheating, guys are more prone to being summertime two-timers because they're more likely to stray in general, says New York City therapist Diana Kirschner, PhD, author of the forthcoming Love in 90 Days.
Of course, we're not saying that your man is definitely gonna step out on you by Labor Day. But it's a good idea to read the info below so you get a handle on why it may happen, plus the tip-offs that can tell you if more than his eyes have been wandering.
Reasons Men Two-Time During Summer
Remember when you were a kid and summer meant no school, freedom, and fun? Well, that attitude carries over into adulthood, leaving us with the sense that during these months, the usual rules don't apply. "Some men take this to mean that it's okay to cheat once the hot weather rolls around," explains Daniel Kruger, PhD, evolutionary psychologist at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. "They think, Oh, it's just a summer fling, as if normal couple behavior is on hiatus."
That same outlook also makes people associate the summer with adventure. "Now is the time when you're more apt to try something new, and any novelty increases your body's production of dopamine, which triggers the release of testosterone — two chemicals associated with energy, elation, and sex," explains Helen Fisher, PhD, author of Why We Love. Translation: A guy may seek sexually charged situations and could give in if tempted.
People are also simply way more social in the summer. Balmy weather puts us in a happier, more gregarious frame of mind, drawing us together via lots of social events — like outdoor dining, backyard parties, and group trips to the beach. "With more people in a friendly, even flirty, mood coming out to socialize, there's a larger market of women to mingle with and, thus, increased chances for a man to be unfaithful," says Kruger.
And let's not forget the obvious: When the temperature goes up, clothes come off. Since guys are so easily turned on by all the female skin they see poking out of sundresses, tank tops, and short shorts on the street and at work, they're in a constant state of heightened desire. As a result, it may be easier for them to succumb to lust should an opportunity arise.
Signs Your Guy May Dog Around on You
Watch out if he doesn't invite you to a work event that other coworkers' partners are attending, like an office picnic or rooftop drinks. "Not inviting you implies that he doesn't want his coworkers to know he has a girlfriend so he can flirt with someone else," says Kirschner.
Also, though it's normal for guys to check out other women for a second or two, even if you're right there with him, be concerned if he's taking "more than a quick glance in front of you. It's a sign he isn't concerned with appearing faithful and may be open to playing around," says Kirschner.
Another red flag is if he tells you that he wants to use his summer vacation to take a guys-only trip and doesn't set aside any time off to spend with you. True, he could really just want to hang out at the beach with his buddies. But he could also want to mess around out of town, where he's less likely to be caught.
And take note if he's suddenly paying way more attention to his body. Because of the heat and sun, his torso will likely be exposed when he's out socializing. If he gets obsessive about waxing his back hair or lifting weights at the gym, his MO may be to attract other women, says Kirschner.
Should you notice any of these tip-offs, it's a good idea to ask him if everything is all right and if he's happy in the relationship. He won't necessarily fess up, but it may give him the chance to admit that he's been feeling restless or bored.
How to Keep Your Man Loyal
True, you can't totally cheat-proof things. Damn. But you can at least reduce the number of opportunities your guy has to play around on you. One way to do this is to plan lots of summer activities for you two only — such as a playful afternoon-swim ritual at a lake or a private happy hour on your deck. "If he's spending a lot of time with you, he won't be able to catch the eye of other females," explains Mira Kirshenbaum, author of When Good People Have Affairs.
And of course, keep your sex life on high boil. Luckily, summer presents tons of ways to be creative in this department. Ask him to go on a secluded bike ride with you, then make a pit stop on an empty stretch of road, and do the deed in the woods nearby. Or whip out Cosmo's Aqua Kama Sutra, and experiment with a few underwater maneuvers at the beach. "Mixing things up will leave him, and you too, satisfied and fulfilled and much less likely to wonder if he's been missing anything with other women," says Kirshenbaum.
Ultimately, however, your guy has to dig you enough to resist all the temptations that summer throws his way. If he doesn't and you find out he did stray, you may have to ditch him.
HE STRAYED, NOW WHAT?
Should you forgive him...or dump his sorry ass? These questions will help you sort through the issue and decide.
Was it a onetime thing or something more?
Don't forget that, either way, your guy was still unfaithful and disrespected your bond. But it may be harder to put it behind you if it was an ongoing hookup or relationship rather than a one-night stand.
Did he have sex with her or just mess around?
A make-out session at a party is potentially more forgivable than getting naked with another chick or having full-on sex.
Had you guys agreed to be exclusive?
Unless you talked about being a monogamous couple — or you'd been together a long time and monogamy was truly implied — he may not have even realized he was cheating.
Does he understand how big a deal it was?
You need to be absolutely sure that he gets how much pain he's caused. A casual sorry doesn't mean much, but if you sense that he's legitimately devastated when he sees how hurt you are, it shows that he at least empathizes with what you're going through.
Is he willing to make things right?
It says a lot if he confirms that it'll never happen again, he doesn't want to lose you, and he will do anything to regain your trust. But if he plays down his cheating or doesn't want to discuss it, that's a bad sign.
Has the relationship been good otherwise?
If you really have fun together, feel that he respects you, and believe that he is a good person who made a mistake, then it may be worth forgiving him. If there have always been problems, however, or you have suspected him of deceiving you before, consider moving on.
PORTSMOUTH, N.H. — Bernie Sanders maintains a significant double-digit lead over Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire, according to an NBC News/Wall Street/Marist poll conducted after Clinton's narrow apparent win in Monday's Iowa caucuses.
Sanders gets the support of 58 percent of likely Democratic primary voters, while Clinton gets 38 percent -- essentially unchanged from last week's NBC/WSJ/Marist poll, which showed Sanders ahead by a 57 percent-to-38 percent margin in the Granite State.
New Hampshire poll in Democratic race February 4, 2016 NBC News
"So far in New Hampshire, it's all Sanders as Clinton faces an uphill fight,” says pollster Lee Miringoff, director of the Marist College Institute for Public Opinion.
The new poll numbers come out before Thursday night's debate on MSNBC -- the first one-on-one encounter between Clinton and Sanders. (Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley dropped out of the contest on Monday.)
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Clinton, Sanders Going Head-to-Head in Debate for First Time 2:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Related: How to Watch the New Hampshire Democratic Debate on Thursday
Both campaigns have been competing to manage expectations for Tuesday's contest: Clinton has played up Sanders hailing from nearby Vermont, while Sanders has emphasized Clinton's victory over Barack Obama in the 2008 New Hampshire primary.
Full Poll Results
Poll Questions
Not only does Sanders lead Clinton by 20 points among likely Democratic primary voters in New Hampshire, he also leads her among independents (69 percent to 26 percent), men (70 percent to 25 percent), and those ages 18-29 (76 percent to 24 percent). Sanders also is ahead of Clinton in New Hampshire among groups with which the former secretary of state typically performs well -- Democrats (51 percent to 46 percent) and women (50 percent to 46 percent).
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sanders Leads Clinton by 20 points in New Hampshire, New Poll Shows 1:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Clinton does have an advantage over Sanders among likely Democratic primary voters ages 60 and older, 51 percent to 44 percent.
The NBC/WSJ/Marist poll was conducted Feb. 2-3 of 567 likely Democratic primary voters, which has a margin of error of plus-minus 4.1 percentage points. Poll numbers on the Republican side will be released Friday morning.
WAXHAW, N.C. — The wife of a North Carolina police officer was taken to the hospital after the couple's 2-year-old child accidentally shot her, WSOC reports.
Waxhaw Police Chief Michael Eiss says the incident occurred Wednesday after the toddler found the gun in a bag in the laundry room and fired it.
The gun was Officer Jeremy Ferguson's personal gun and not his service weapon, police say. The bullet hit Ferguson's wife, but she is expected to be OK.
The North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation is reviewing the incident to determine whether any charges will be filed.
In addition, the Waxhaw Police Department will carry out an internal investigation on Ferguson, whom he said was a good officer and has been on the force for a year.
Perhaps I should be telling this to a professional therapist, but whenever we're ensconced in a news cycle revolving around something damaging, dangerous or ridiculous that President Donald Trump has said, or, for that matter, whenever there's a new batch of revelations about the Trump-Russia story, I wonder when the other shoe is going to drop. Rewinding back 16 years, I can remember when George W. Bush's first summer in office was a big, fat pile of nothing. It was the “Summer of the Shark” and the Gary Condit scandal, and it was easy to see the distinct possibility of the president becoming “One Term W.”
And then 9/11 happened, and the scoreboard was entirely reset. Nothing that preceded that event mattered much and Bush's approval rating spiked from the low 50 (and declining) to 90 percent. Granted, Trump's rap sheet is exponentially longer and more serious than Bush's at this point in his presidency, and therefore it's possible a major terrorist attack on American soil might not have the same impact on Trump's approval numbers.
Advertisement:
Then again his numbers always seem to jump when he executes an ordinary, textbook presidential action — delivering a speech without blurting out the nuclear codes or administering purple nurples to the Democratic leadership — propelled by certain cable-news pundits who seem obsessed with pinpointing moments when Trump is said to become "presidential.” They would surely have a whopper of an occasion when or if there's a major terrorism attack and he is forced to react.
[salon_video id="14775482"]
Unfortunately, Trump's reaction on Twitter to the dual stabbing attacks in London vindicated my deep concerns about the current president in the aftermath of a 9/11-style event. Whenever there's a tweetstorm as awful as Trump's London Bridge tweets, I can't help but become impatient for the Trump-Russia investigation to move faster, in part to force this toddler to resign before the other shoe drops — before something on the scale of 9/11 occurs here.
The possible outcomes in terms of presidential politics range from horrendous to catastrophic, knowing that Trump occupies the Oval Office. He'll either skyrocket in popularity, making him invulnerable to resignation or impeachment, or he'll lash out using our military and begin to indiscriminately bomb everything in sight. Or he'll do both. I'm leaning toward a modest bump in popularity, maybe into the upper 50s, which will be more than enough political capital for him to do some real damage. After all, Trump is being graded on such a massive curve, he doesn't need a 90 percent approval rating to act like he has one.
We can't let it come down to this. We'll circle back to why, but first let's review Trump's tweets about London.
His first reaction on Saturday was not to compose an earnest and presidential statement of solidarity and support for the victims, nor was it a summary of what he heard from his national security team. There was no statement of leadership, no words of comfort for frightened citizens around the world. His first reaction was to retweet Matt Drudge's version of the story. It was as if Barack Obama retweeted the Weekly World News in the immediate aftermath of the Sandy Hook school shooting. Being president and all, Trump has a universe of information at his disposal, yet he delivered the words of Matt Drudge to millions.
Advertisement:
Of course, Twitter users were rightfully outraged about the retweeting of Drudge, so Trump tweeted, “We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!” Yeah, this time he exploited the attack to tweet a super obvious pitch for his “travel ban” — making his efforts in court to uphold his Muslim ban even more challenging.
Unless he knows something we don't know, the three attackers in London weren't refugees, so it's easy to infer that he was referencing Muslims in general here. It's almost as if he had been deliberately sabotaging his chances in court, but he was not. He's just politically stupid. He doesn't know that his words can be used, as they already have before the 9th Circuit already, to characterize his motive for his Muslim ban. Yet he keeps blurting out things. Trump knows nothing.
Speaking of the courts, it's not clear what Trump was talking about when he wrote, “We need the courts to give us back our rights.” What rights? How is striking down the Muslim ban a trespass against my rights? If anything it protects the rights of Muslims. I thought the GOP was all about passing religious freedom laws. If these laws are strictly about freedom for Christians — and one such law was signed by Vice President Mike Pence when he was governor of Indiana — they should have the balls to say so.
Nevertheless, Trump's tweetstorm continued by finally expressing some sympathy: “Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U.K., we will be there -- WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!” That's more like it but as was the case with his four attempts to correctly spell “hereby,” it was several tweets too late. He had already thoroughly beclowned himself.
Advertisement:
Further erasing the fake sincerity of the previous tweet, Trump added, “We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse.” Stupid, stupid, stupid. This was the second tweet in an hour (and not the last) in which he made it abundantly clear that his “travel ban” is all about Muslims. "Political correctness" in the context of a terrorist attack has everything to do with respecting peaceful Muslims rather than profiling them, and Trump seems to be opposed to doing that. He's certainly not talking about political correctness when it comes to Black Lives Matter. So once again, Trump idiotically sabotaged his own Muslim ban.
Making matters worse for himself, Trump tweeted, “At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ‘no reason to be alarmed!'” The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, happens to be a Muslim, so here we go again using the attack to vilify peaceful Muslims who had absolutely nothing to do with this atrocity and are as horrified as everyone else. Besides, what was Khan supposed to say? “Everybody run for your lives!”? What will Trump say when there's a major attack here?
Trump's final tweet on the subject was easily the dumbest: “Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!” Right, Mr. President, they likely used “knives and a truck” because of the strict anti-gun laws in England. If those laws didn't exist, it's entirely possible the attackers would've used semiautomatic assault rifles, killing significantly more people. We'll never know for sure, but it was Trump who linked London to the gun debate, so here we are. It's fair to ask whether the attackers would've traded their knives for AR-15s, if they easily could have. Common sense suggests they might have.
Advertisement:
The urgent need for Trump's resignation or impeachment couldn't be greater. There are legal mechanisms that could be used to avoid Trump's continuing on and, like Bush, possibly rebranding himself as a war president. While it's important for the investigators to be deliberate and thorough, Trump's presidency is creating irreparable damage to the system as well as America's stature as a superpower, so a bit of investigatory hustle is in order.
Our president thinks his job is to be the most famous cable-news pundit (or troll) in the world, not realizing that blurting 140-character comments isn't the purview of the president and only serves to badly embarrass the nation. There are people who get paid to scream semi-coherent gibberish on television. Presidents have a far greater responsibility and their words matter. If Trump wants to be a pundit, I'm sure Fox News will gladly pay him to wedge his copious girth between Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade on "Fox & Friends." But that's not his job yet it should be. His presidency itself is a crisis and he needs to go — now, before he gets a chance to reset his scoreboard with a major tragedy.
When TNT announced that M. Night Shyamalan was spearheading a reboot of Tales from the Crypt, they were short on details. As of January, they had not committed to either a half-hour (like the original HBO series) or hourlong format, or even said whether they would feature a Crypt Keeper. The Crypt Keeper was a staple of the original EC comic books as the host of the macabre stories, and even more so on the HBO series as a Kevin Yagher puppet voiced by John Kassir.
Shyamalan was at Wondercon presenting the second season of his Fox series Wayward Pines. /Film participated in roundtable interviews with Shyamalan and the Wayward Pines cast and got a chance to ask him about Tales from the Crypt. He confirmed that there will be a Crypt Keeper in his Tales. “There will,” Shyamalan said.
He had a bit more to elaborate on regarding the format of Tales from the Crypt. The HBO series was a sort of horror Twilight Zone anthology, where each episode was an entirely new story with a new cast and filmmakers. Recent anthology series like American Horror Story have experimented with season-long stories, only changing every season. Shyamalan was considering season-long arcs, but now favors the classic episodic model.
“You know, I can't say 100% but I'm thinking right now, where I am, if you'd asked me this six months ago I would have a different answer, but where I am right now it's more individual Black Mirror kind of stuff right now,” Shyamalan said.
TNT and TBS executive Kevin Reilly also said the new show would utilize the EC comics, and teased a possible audience participation component when he spoke with reporters at the Television Critics Association press tour in January. We'll have more on Wayward Pines with Shyamalan and others this week at /Film. Wayward Pines returns May 25 on Fox.
The Saudi Arabian government sent memos to mosques across the country this week ordering religious leaders to use their sermons to create fear about the Iranian-backed rebels in Yemen as a way to build support for the Saudi-led bombing campaign there.
The country's top imams responded by doing just that in their all-important Friday addresses to their followers. Their speeches often quoted directly from the Ministry of Islamic Affairs' memo, which referred to the Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen as “enemies of Islam” and “terrorists.”
Vocativ discovered the document, its trafficking and the general reaction to it by analyzing the social media of Saudis discussing the issue on Facebook and Twitter.
More Everything You Need To Know About The War In Yemen
The Saudi ministry asked Imams to emphasize how the Gulf States must fight against the Houthi rebels in order to save Yemen and its people from “the Houthi aggression and oppression.” The memo highlighted the violent methods used by Iranian-backed rebels to conquer large swaths of Yemen, including killing civilians and destroying mosques and Islamic institutes.
The Friday prayer is the most important religious event of the week, and since the early days of Islam, the Friday sermons have been a traditional platform for spreading messages from the khalif, or Islamic leader. After the Friday sermons this week, the government's document started circulating on Saudi forums and social media groups. The document itself matches up with the sermons, which were widely quoted by Saudi media, showing that Saudi Imams literally repeated the government's prescribed talking points word for word.
The Saudi-led bombings raids, now in their fourth day, are aimed at restoring Yemen's president-in-exile Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi to power. After fleeing Yemen for Saudi Arabia last week, Hadi spoke at a conference of Arab nations in Cairo, Egypt Saturday. At the same meeting, the Saudis vowed to continue bombing rebel positions until the Houthis withdraw. The fighting in Yemen is, at its heart, a battle between two proxy forces, backed by Saudi Arabia and Iran respectively.
Read More:
Saudi Arabia claims success in airstrikes on Yemen (Al Jazeera)
Rebels In Yemen Are Using Twitter, Facebook To Crowdfund Weaponry (Vocativ)
Pakistan prepares to evacuate citizens from Yemen (Channel News Asia)
3
Michigan State
(8-10-3, 2-2-2-2 B1G) 1ST 2ND 3RD F PSU 1 0 1 2 MSU 1 1 1 3 Box Score | Postgame Comments East Lansing, Mich. â€¢ Munn Ice Arena â€¢ Attendance: 5,972 NEXT GAME: Jan. 25 vs. 4/3 Boston College â€¢ 7 p.m.
2
Penn State
(4-14-1, 0-6-0-0 B1G)
Jan. 18, 2014
EAST LANSING, Mich. - Forwards Taylor Holstrom (Yorba Linda, Calif.) and Eric Scheid (Blaine, Minn.) helped the Penn State men's hockey team erase a pair of one-goal deficits, but Lee Reimer's third-period strike gave Michigan State the 3-2 victory at Munn Ice Arena Saturday night. The Spartans improved to 8-10-3 (2-2-2-2 Big Ten), while Penn State fell to 4-14-1 (0-6-0-0 Big Ten).
Sophomore defenseman Luke Juha (Mississauga, Ont.), who collected his fourth career multi-point game, led all players with two points (2a), while his assist on Scheid's tally marked his eighth power-play point of the season. The eight power-play points place the Mississauga, Ont., native second among Big Ten defensemen.
Michigan State, which went 0-for-4 with the man advantage, out shot the Nittany Lions by a 32-31 margin. Penn State finished 1-for-4 on the power play, while freshman netminder Eamon McAdam (Perkasie, Pa.) turned aside 29 shots.
Michigan State jumped out to an early lead on the game's first shot, but Holstrom's tally in the opening frame's final minute knotted the score at 1-1. After cycling the puck below the Nittany Lion goal line, Matt Berry found Michael Ferrantino alone in front of the net just 1:33 into the contest.
With 28 seconds remaining in the stanza, Holstrom's third marker of the season tied the game. Sophomore forward Casey Bailey (Anchorage, Alaska) passed to Juha in the left circle, where his shot was deflected by Holstrom outside the crease.
The Spartans retook the lead at 7:06 of the second period. Greg Wolfe passed to Tanner Sorenson at the side of the net, where he snuck a shot through McAdam's five hole.
Just 1:18 into the third period, Scheid evened the score with the Nittany Lions' first power-play tally since Dec. 27. Michigan native Zach Saar (Richland, Mich.) fed Juha at the left point, where he found Scheid along the goal line. Scheid moved off the line and caught Spartan netminder Jake Hildebrand leaning before wristing his team-leading ninth goal.
With 16:19 left in regulation, Lee Reimer put the Spartans up for good when he redirected RJ Boyd's shot from the left circle.
Penn State played nearly the final five minutes of the game shorthanded following a major penalty but continued to put pressure on the Michigan State defense in search of the tying goal. McAdam was also pulled for an extra skater during parts of the final two minutes but, despite controlling play and out shooting the Spartans in the game's final moments, the Nittany Lions were unable to score the equalizer.
Penn State will return to action Saturday, Jan. 25 when it hosts No. 4/3 Boston College in its final non-conference game of the season. Opening faceoff is set at 7 p.m.
Associated Press Release
BUNNELL, Fla. (AP) -- A judge has ordered a 66-year-old north Florida man to spend the rest of his life in prison for fatally shooting his neighbor during an argument over barking dogs.
Paul Miller offered apologies on Tuesday as he stood shackled before Circuit Judge J. David Walsh in Flagler County.
But Walsh noted that the March 2012 killing of 52-year-old Dana Mulhall "stuns the sensibilities of reasonable people."
The Daytona Beach News-Journal (http://newspr.es/16fTZBe ) reports the neighbors were arguing about dogs over a white fence that separates the two yards. Records show that Miller shot Mulhall five times. They had first argued two months earlier when Mulhall yelled at Miller's wife about the barking dogs.
He was convicted in May and faced a minimum of 25 years in prison.
------
Information from: Daytona Beach (Fla.) News-Journal, http://www.news-journalonline.com
Exactly 85 years after Clyde Tombaugh's historic discovery of Pluto, the NASA spacecraft set to encounter the icy planet this summer is providing its first views of the small moons orbiting Pluto.
The moons Nix and Hydra are visible in a series of images taken by the New Horizons spacecraft from Jan. 27-Feb. 8, at distances ranging from about 125 million to 115 million miles (201 million to 186 million kilometers). The long-exposure images offer New Horizons' best view yet of these two small moons circling Pluto, which Tombaugh discovered at Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, Arizona, on Feb. 18, 1930.
“Professor Tombaugh's discovery of Pluto was far ahead its time, heralding the discovery of the Kuiper Belt and a new class of planet,” says Alan Stern, New Horizons principal investigator from Southwest Research Institute, Boulder, Colorado. “The New Horizons team salutes his historic accomplishment.”
Assembled into a seven-frame movie, the new images provide the spacecraft's first extended look at Hydra (identified by a yellow diamond) and its first-ever view of Nix (orange diamond). The right-hand image set has been specially processed to make the small moons easier to see.
“It's thrilling to watch the details of the Pluto system emerge as we close the distance to the spacecraft's July 14 encounter,” says New Horizons science team member John Spencer, also from Southwest Research Institute. “This first good view of Nix and Hydra marks another major milestone, and a perfect way to celebrate the anniversary of Pluto's discovery.”
These are the first of a series of long-exposure images that will continue through early March, with the purpose of refining the team's knowledge of the moons' orbits. Each frame is a combination of five 10-second images, taken with New Horizons' Long-Range Reconnaissance Imager (LORRI) using a special mode that combines pixels to increase sensitivity at the expense of resolution. At left, Nix and Hydra are just visible against the glare of Pluto and its large moon Charon, and the dense field of background stars. The bright and dark streak extending to the right of Pluto is an artifact of the camera electronics, resulting from the overexposure of Pluto and Charon. As can be seen in the movie, the spacecraft and camera were rotated in some of the images to change the direction of this streak, in order to prevent it from obscuring the two moons.
The right-hand images have been processed to remove most of Pluto and Charon's glare, and most of the background stars. The processing leaves blotchy and streaky artifacts in the images, as well as a few other residual bright spots that are not real features, but makes Nix and Hydra much easier to see. Celestial north is inclined 28 degrees clockwise from the “up” direction in these images.
Nix and Hydra were discovered by New Horizons team members in Hubble Space Telescope images taken in 2005. Hydra, Pluto's outermost known moon, orbits Pluto every 38 days at a distance of approximately 40,200 miles (64,700 kilometers), while Nix orbits every 25 days at a distance of 30,260 miles (48,700 kilometers). Each moon is probably between 25-95 miles (approximately 40- 150 kilometers) in diameter, but scientists won't know their sizes more precisely until New Horizons obtains close-up pictures of both of them in July. Pluto's two other small moons, Styx and Kerberos, are still smaller and too faint to be seen by New Horizons at its current range to Pluto; they will become visible in the months to come.
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory manages the New Horizons mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. Alan Stern, of the Southwest Research Institute (SwRI), headquartered in San Antonio, is the principal investigator and leads the mission. SwRI leads the science team, payload operations, and encounter science planning. New Horizons is part of the New Frontiers Program managed by NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. APL designed, built and operates the spacecraft.
Image credits: NASA/Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory/Southwest Research Institute.
The House easily passed legislation on Monday to enhance congressional committees' subpoena powers for investigations.
Lawmakers gave voice-vote approval to the measure authored by Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), a former chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
Under the bill, House and Senate committees would be allowed to seek expedited court review by a three-judge district court panel if a witness refuses to comply with a subpoena, with direct appeal to the Supreme Court.
In cases involving government agencies, the court would be allowed to impose monetary penalties on agency heads that willfully fail to comply with congressional subpoenas. Agencies would not be permitted to use taxpayer funds to pay for such penalties.
He noted that both parties have tried to take advantage of partisan rivalries while in control of the executive branch.
“This legislation is designed to reduce that, to reduce the ability for the executive branch or other outside groups to, if you will, take advantage of the natural division between the two of us,” Issa said during House floor debate.
Congress currently has the ability to hold people in contempt if they do not comply with subpoenas. Lawmakers can also turn to the courts to enforce a congressional subpoena.
The House votes allowed a referral of contempt charges to the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia.
Issa had sought documents from the Justice Department regarding its “Fast and Furious” operation that allowed about 2,000 guns into Mexico so that authorities could trace them to drug cartels. Two guns linked to the operation were found at the scene of a border patrol agent's death.
Then-President Obama invoked executive privilege so that the Justice Department wouldn't have to provide the documents requested by Issa. The 2012 House vote declaring Holder in contempt was the first contempt vote of a sitting attorney general.
The House voted two years later to hold Lerner in contempt of Congress for refusing to testify about the IRS scrutiny of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status.
Neither contempt case, however, resulted in convictions.
Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.), a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, noted that full subpoena power will be relevant for the congressional committees conducting investigations of Russia's role in the 2016 presidential election.
"Given some of our current challenges, it is more important than ever for the House to conduct substantive oversight of the executive branch. This bill contributes to that effort," Nadler said.
The $20k Polaris Music Prize is given annually to the best Canadian album. here are the 40 selections from the juries long list. Arkells - Jackson Square (2008) Beast - Beast (2008) Bell Orchestra - As Seen Through Windows (2009) Bison B.C. - Quiet Earth (2008) Bruce Peninsula - A Mountain Is A Mouth Chad Vangaalen - Soft Airplane (2008) Charles spearin - The Happiness Project (2009) Coeur De Pirate - Coeur De Pirate (2008) D-sisive - Let The Chldren Die LP (2009) Elephant Stone - The Seven Seas (2009) Elliott Brood - Mountain Meadows (2008) Fucked Up - The Chemistry of Common Life Great Lake Swimmers - Lost Channels (2009) Handsome Furs - Face Control Hey Rosetta! - Into Your Lungs Japandroids - Post-Nothing (2009) Jill Barber - Chances (2008) Joel Plaskett - Three Junior Boys - Begone Dull Care (2009) K'naan - Troubadour (2009) K-os - Yes! La PatÃ¨re Rose - La PatÃ¨re Rose Land of Talk - Some Are Lakes Leonard Cohen - Live In London (2009) Lhasa de Sela - 2009 - Lhasa Malajube - Labyrinthes (2009) Martha Wainwright - I Know You're Married But I've Got Feelings Too (2008) Metric - Fantasies (2009) One Hundred Dollars - Forest Of Tears Patrick Watson - Wooden Arms Pink Mountaintops - Outside Love Rae Spoon - Superioryouareinferior Snailhouse - Lies On The Prize (2008) The Stills - Oceans Will Rise (2008) Think About Life - Family (2009) Tim Hecker - An Imaginary Country (2009) Timber Timbre - Timber Timbre (2009) Wolf Parade - At Mount Zoomer (2008) Women - Women Woodpigeon - Treasury Library Canada (2008) Get your friends onto these..... where else are they gonna hear them?
Aaron Dykes
Infowars.com
October 29, 2009
On speculation that Congressman Ron Paul may soon announce his intentions to run again for President in 2012, radio host Alex Jones has urged that he do so in an effort to once again spread the message of liberty on a grassroots level. Ron Paul, Jones says, would be the only candidate to foster debate on real issues, and would be the only candidate to operate under the Constitution's guidelines.
Though Paul was considered a long-shot leading up to the 2008 Republican primaries, he generated substantial fundraising and proved deadly against the milk-toast ‘Republican-in-name-only' candidates that included one-time front runner Rudy Giuliani, Mitt Romney, Mike Huckabee and, of course, John McCain.
[efoods]Alex Jones hopes to further spread the message of Ron Paul's campaign, who has proved prescient on a wide-variety of issues where other candidates proved short-sighted and flat wrong, including the Dollar's demise. The call to return to Constitutional government and otherwise revitalize freedom has been spread through decentralized groups all across the country as well as in Ron Paul's on-going “Campaign for Liberty” and his son Rand Paul's viable bid for U.S. Senate in Kentucky.
Now, with Barack Obama falling in the polls and ringing hollow on his promises, another opportunity has arisen for a truly Constitutional candidate to win the Presidency and wake mainstream America out of its spell.
Launching the campaign for 2012 in the near future would send shockwaves into the halls of political debate, in online searches for topics like “End the Fed” and would force the Mainstream Media to go into damage control as the unstoppable message from the bottom up seeks to reclaim our Republic.
Run Ron, Run!
Getty Image
When David Villa was named the MLS MVP earlier this month, the New York City Football Club forward proclaimed that it was one of the “best days” of his career.
For most athletes, that means a lot. For Villa – who had a prolific club and international career which included winning the Champions League with Barcelona and a World Cup with Spain – it's extra impressive. It's especially noteworthy because Villa became the latest in a long line of big-name stars who came from overseas to play and didn't just view MLS as a league to come to retire.
As NYCFC's captain and one of its Designated Players – a distinction which means that the club can pay him whatever it wants with only $350,000 counting against the salary cap – Villa has become one of the faces of the league. We recently caught up with Spain's all-time leading goalscorer to talk about playing soccer in America, MLS' perception as a “retirement league,” why being named league MVP was such a huge honor, and what he's doing with MISSION.
(Note: the interview has been lightly edited)
Bill DiFilippo: Prior to coming to New York, your entire career was spent in Spain, save for a short loan deal in Australia. Before we even discuss football, were there any challenges with transitioning from life in Spain to life in New York, especially considering you have three children?
David Villa: No, I tried to live the life and play soccer, whether it was in the country or the city. I'm a guy who felt lucky because I changed my country for a very good city like New York, a very good league like MLS, a very good team like NYCFC. So, we are happy to have a change living here, me and my family, and we hope to continue to love it.
Let's get to the Philadelphia Eagles links ...
Matt Miller's Scouting Notebook: Survey Says Julio Jones Is NFL's Best Receiver - B/R
Jared Goff will have a better year than Carson Wentz. Define "better year" however you want as long as we're not talking about wins and losses (team stat), Goff will take the next step this season with an improved offensive line and a competent coaching staff around him. I also wouldn't be surprised to see Cooper Kupp lead the team's receivers in catches. I like Wentz a lot, but his slow release and trigger need to be improved before I'm ready to call out his sophomore season as an improved year. If that can be fixed, Wentz has a chance to become a top-10 quarterback this season. I'm betting on seeing more of the same from Wentz with Goff playing like the former No. 1 overall pick that he is.
10 players the Eagles should protect in an expansion draft - BGN
The NHL recently had an expansion draft in honor of the league's newest team: the Las Vegas Golden Knights. Who are the 10 players the Eagles should protect if the NFL held another expansion draft? Listen to our picks and then give us your list.
Eagles rookie NFL player comparisons: Elijah Qualls - PhillyVoice
Qualls and Casey are both heavy defensive tackles for their heights, with abnormally short arms and small hands. From a body type perspective, they are both quite unimpressive. Additionally, neither player did anything overly impressive in their workouts.
Press Pass: Jeff Stoutland - PE.com
Offensive line coach Jeff Stoutland thinks this is one of the deepest lines he's ever coached with a solid group of lineman that could play anywhere.
Philadelphia Eagles position battles: Watkins, Brooks set to jostle for No. 3 safety role - PennLive
Brooks, who spent his first two NFL seasons in Baltimore, signed with the Eagles last September, a week before the regular season began. With little time to get acclimated to the Birds' playbook, he settled into a primary special teams role and saw limited action on defense. But a strong minicamp sent Brooks into the summer with momentum and leaves Watkins with a hefty challenge to fend off to maintain security in his role on the team.
'Highly respected' Zach Ertz important piece of Eagles' offense - CSN Philly
But for whatever reason, Ertz hasn't become a real fan favorite. Fans have questioned his talent, his play-making ability and even his toughness. Why the indifference? "I don't know," tight ends coach Justin Peele said. "I love coaching him. I think he's good for this team. Every day he comes to work with the right attitude, trying to get better. He's had some success. I don't know. He's a pleasure to coach and I know he's very highly respected in this organization."
Mets promote Tim Tebow to High-A St. Lucie - Amazin Avenue
Tim Tebow, signed by the Mets last September to much surprise and fanfare—and, in some circles, consternation—has been promoted from the team's Low-A affiliate in Columbia to High-A St. Lucie, their third-highest-ranked affiliate. The former NFL quarterback, who was signed last September for a reported $100,000 bonus, appeared in the Arizona Fall League and then in major league camp during spring training before starting his first full minor league season in the Columbia outfield.
The NFL Optimism Season - The MMQB
As noted by Pro Football Talk, Chiefs coach Andy Reid is currently tied for 11th on the all-time wins list, with 173. He needs 13 wins to pass Chuck Knox and move into the top 10. If Reid records an average of 11 victories in the next five years, he'd be fifth all-time, behind only Don Shula, George Halas, Tom Landry and Bill Belichick. I think that's worthy of the Hall of Fame and a slam dunk nomination should Reid win a Super Bowl in K.C.
Raiders were smart to pay their quarterback sooner rather than later - SB Nation
Washington went with the second option with Kirk Cousins. A year ago, the team played hardball and offered the quarterback a contract averaging $16 million per year with just $24 million guaranteed. He opted to play on the franchise tag and earned a spot in the Pro Bowl with a 97.2 passer rating. Now he is due to make $23.94 million under the franchise tag in 2017 and Washington has until July to reach a deal with Cousins or there's a real chance he leaves as a free agent during the 2018 offseason. If Cousins demands $27 million per year and $90 million guaranteed, can Washington afford to say no?
Eagles Q&A with BLG - BGN Facebook Page (Click here or watch below)
...
Social Media Information:
BGN Facebook Page: Click here to like our page
BGN Twitter: Follow @BleedingGreen
BGN Radio Twitter: Follow @BGN_Radio
BGN Radio Facebook: Click here to like our page
BGN Radio Patreon: Support the show!
BGN Manager: Brandon Lee Gowton: Follow @BrandonGowton
“We were checking the radar a little bit before the match and it did look like we had a couple of hours of dry,” said Bob Bryan, after he and his twin, Mike, rallied for a three-set doubles victory Sunday in the first match of the day in Ashe Stadium. Nobody wants to be cooped up for hours.
Juan Martín del Potro can empathize. “We've been at the locker room preparing the match like three, four times a day, then the rains coming again,” del Potro of Argentina said Wednesday after his match, originally scheduled for the day session, finally concluded after 4 hours 13 minutes, and deep into the evening.
Sloane Stephens, the American who had a nice run here before hitting the brick wall named Serena Williams on Sunday, recalled her ordeal Wednesday: “Literally, every 10 minutes they kept saying: ‘If Murray plays long, we'll move you. If it rains, we won't.' ”
“I'm like, ‘Oh, my God, it's horrible,' ” Stephens said. “I never started that late. It was definitely a long experience. But I played good. Maybe I should do that more often.”
What was the toughest challenge in waiting? “Finding something to do,” Stephens said. Her solution? “I warmed up. I ate. I looked on Instagram, trying to figure out what picture I was going to post tomorrow. I literally had nothing to do. I was on my phone talking to my mom. Random stuff.”
With a tropical storm, hurricanes and showers affecting the last five tournaments, fans began to feel like canaries in the coal mine — the first victims of some new danger. Last year, Danny Zausner, the chief operating officer of the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center, asked CompuWeather to look into the U.S.T.A.'s long-held premise that late August and early September are a relatively dry time in Queens.
The fact is, the Open, formerly an amateur event known as the Nationals, has had its share of delays over the decades, some of them epic. The U.S.T.A. devotes three full pages of its media guide to delays, including the hurricane that roared across Long Island into Connecticut in 1938 and killed more than 500 people. Tennis resumed six days later, with the finals played on Sept. 24.
New Las Vegas National Hockey League (NHL) team owner Bill Foley speaks to the media in a news conference held at the Encore at Wynn Las Vegas on Wednesday, June 22, 2016. NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman announced an expansion franchise to Las Vegas after the league's board of governors met earlier in the day. (Mark Damon/Las Vegas News Bureau)
If Bill Foley took a class in stealth operations while he was a student at West Point, there's a good chance he aced the course.
Foley wasn't revealing information Monday as his NHL expansion team closes in on a general manager, a nickname and a team logo. The Las Vegas team owner and his seven-member staff spent last week at his Montana ranch interviewing seven candidates to run team operations.
“We're hoping to have an announcement in a few days,” Foley said. “We've got two primary candidates and we're trying to get this done. We need to get a scouting staff hired and whoever we hire as our GM will be responsible for putting the (scouting) staff together.”
While Foley would not reveal who the finalists are or who the pool of seven interviewees were, he said they were all solid hockey people who have a wide range of expertise.
“I can tell you the people we talked to are all well-known in the hockey community and are well-respected,” Foley said. “They're all very smart and they've done different things for different teams. Some are strong on the (salary) cap. Some are strong when it comes to assessing talent. But they all have strong backgrounds.”
Foley said some of the candidates he interviewed currently work for NHL teams and to make their names public could cause problems with their employers.
“We don't want to cause any distractions,” he said. “We tried to be very careful and do it the right way. We worked with the NHL on how to contact teams for permission and I know we did it the proper way.”
Foley said four of the seven candidates were interviewed in a two-day stretch last week, with the other three interviewed later in the week. Some were interviewed in person at his ranch. Other interviews were conducted by phone.
One person who wasn't contacted was Florida Panthers president Dale Tallon. The longtime executive who helped build the Chicago Blackhawks into Stanley Cup champions and helped revive the Panthers' sagging fortunes said he was never contacted by Foley and never interviewed. In addition, Foley hasn't reached out to Blackhawks assistant general manager Norm Maciver, considered one of the top hockey minds in the league.
“We never talked,” Tallon said. “I know he asked my owner (Vincent Viola) for permission and he was given it. They're both West Point guys. But I never heard from Mr. Foley.”
As for the team nickname and logo, Foley said the organization is working with the NHL and adidas on both.
“We've got two or three really good names that we're seriously considering,” he said while refusing to divulge what the names are. “The adidas people are very talented when it comes to design and they've been great. Same with the NHL. They've been extremely helpful.
“Our biggest problem is trademarks. Some of the names have trademarks and you have to go to those people and see what they have and we're working through that.”
Foley said the plan remains to have a public announcement once the nickname and logo are chosen. The target is still early October.
Season ticket sales for 2017-18 are just over 15,300 and Foley said the only seats that remain are in the lower bowl at center ice. A waiting list will be established for fans who want to sit in the less expensive seats at T-Mobile Arena, which will seat 17,500 for hockey.
“We're pretty close to being at capacity,” Foley said of the season ticket sales. “We need to set some seats aside for individual game sales. We have to have tickets for the visiting team and we need to have about 500 seats set aside for our staff.”
Foley said a lot got done during the team's staff meetings and as he closes in on the most important hire he will make, Foley is confident he's going to get it right in naming the team's general manager.
“I think you'll be pleased with the person we select,” he said.
Contact Steve Carp at scarp@reviewjournal.com or 702-387-2913. Follow-on Twitter: @stevecarprj
A pair of bantamweight sluggers will duke it out when John Lineker meets John Dodson in the main event at UFC Fight Night in Portland, Oregon on Oct. 1.
UFC officials confirmed the new bout to FOX Sports on Saturday.
The five-round main event will highlight the UFC's return to Oregon for the first time in seven years.
Article continues below ...
Since moving to 135 pounds, Lineker has become an even more ferocious fighter than the performances he put on while competing in the flyweight division.
Thus far, Lineker has gone 3-0 in his new weight class, including a blistering knockout victory over former title contender Michael McDonald in his last trip to the Octagon.
Rarely has Lineker faced anyone with similar power on the feet, but he may find his equal in former two-time title challenger John Dodson when they meet in Oregon.
Dodson just recently returned to 135 pounds and made an immediate impact after he blasted Manny Gamburyan with a stunning 37-second knockout back in April.
Dodson already holds a knockout victory over former champion TJ Dillashaw, so it's clear he's looking to climb the rankings and get into title contention, but he'll have to go through Lineker to get there.
Tickets for the UFC Fight Night card in Oregon will go on sale Aug. 26 with more fights still to be announced for the upcoming show.
A Rose Bud man appeared in White County Circuit Court on Tuesday to face charges that he shot his wife and killed their housemate.
James Marion Valentine is charged with capital murder in the death of Michael Hammond. He also faces felony battery charges in the shooting of his wife, Julia Valentine, who police say was shot at the couple's home in a domestic dispute that led to Hammond's death Oct. 8.
Valentine pleaded innocent to both charges Tuesday. He was appointed an attorney from White County but appeared alongside a lawyer from Little Rock.
Prosecuting attorney Rebecca Reed McCoy said Hammond was living with the couple at the time.
Valentine appeared in court wearing an orange prison jumpsuit and a neck brace. McCoy said that Valentine wears the brace due to previous neck injuries.
Judge Robert Edwards gave the defense 60 days to review the state's allegations and prepare any motions for the case.
Read Wednesday's Arkansas Democrat-Gazette for full details.
The Common Mentality
Everyone has been in that situation: playing solo queue for hours at a time and getting frustrated by teammates, and eventually, with their own play. The term that the League of Legends community uses when a player in is in this state of being, is "tilt". Usually when someone is on tilt, they constantly make mistakes that they normally would not and progressively get worse as time goes on. People react in different ways when in this state, ranging from taking a break from playing, to raging at teammates and leaving games. But, is there a way to completely avoid this state and keep playing? I believe there is and the key is to have a certain attitude when approaching the game.
Who needs logic anyway?
Changing the Perspective
This is not some revolutionary secret to climbing the ladder, but more a way of improving your own play through a change in attitude and perspective. I am a firm believer in the idea that there is no ELO hell and that where you are on the ladder in any game, whether that be League of Legends or Starcraft II, is where you belong. But, that does not mean there is no hope of climbing. Instead, one should accept that fact and start from there. At first, I focused really hard on winning my games, sometimes trying extremely risky plays that had very little chance of succeeding, in order to get kills and carry the game. In the end, that got me nowhere, so instead, I decided to take a step back and rethink my approach.
One should ask themselves, just like I did, why they play League of Legends, or better yet, why they play any video game. Some will say that it is to win, while others say it is a way to pass the time or relieve stress, but in the end, everyone is looking to have fun when playing video games. This is something that people seem to forget when trying to climb the ladder of any rank or rating based competitive game. They look at the number or rank that they are assigned and get way too caught up in it as if it is a true measurment of them as a player. Instead, one should focus on having fun when playing ranked games, either by playing with a friend or playing champions they enjoy playing, as opposed to only "meta" champions. By doing this, you no longer have to be attached to the outcome of the game and instead can focus on improving aspects of your game.
The Path to Self Improvement
Once the first step is out of the way and a player focuses on having fun, the other steps come naturally. When you have a clear mind it is much easier to identify mistakes in your own play and fix them. For example, one of the most common mistakes players make, is using their summoner spells too freely. I cannot remember how many times I used Ignite on an already dead target, to later regret doing so because an enemy escaped with low health, or using Flash to kill an opponent when it was unnecessary, and dying a few minutes later because I no longer had it at my disposal.
After a mistake has been identified, it is then possible to focus on that mistake and iron it out to the point that it no longer happens. A common strategy I use to iron out a mistake or weakness in my play is to focus on only that aspect for however long it takes me to get better at it. This could take a game, a whole day, or even weeks, but the important thing is to become so good at that one thing, that it becomes second nature. Using the previous example of summoner spell usage, I would focus on using flash only when I knew for sure that it would net me a kill or save me.
Within the first game I noticed a huge difference in the way I thought about the game; I was much more calculated in how I used my summoners, and as a result, I was able to approach the game from an outside perspective. It did not automatically fix all my problems of liberal summoner spell usage, seeing as how I still misuse my summoner spells at times, but it was small step in the right direction. This is the important thing to understand, progress is what is important in the grand scheme of things.
Once you are no longer attached to the outcome of the game you are free to use each and every game as a learning experience. If you do win, great, but if you don't, it is not a big deal. You simply need to look at the mistakes that were made and what could be done in the future to prevent them. All while this is happening, you are able to play the game with the intention of having fun, which in the end, is the most important thing.
Applications Elsewhere
If you really think about it, the method that I just outlined for improving your League of Legends play, can be applied to any other game. But, why stop there? If we are being honest, this same method can be applied to anything in life. If we detach ourself from the outcome of an event, we are able to maintain focus even when an unfavorable outcome occurs. A job interview or a relationship: both are things that everyone goes through at least once in their life and often we have assumptions about those things. We feel as if we deserve something and must have it, but when what we assumed would happen, doesn't, we feel let down.
I am getting too philosophical for a simple gaming article, but what I am trying to say is, look at every experience in game and in life as a learning experience, and the "victory" that you are searching for will eventually follow. Here is Sean "Day[9]" Plott, explaining what I just said, in a more well thought out and interesting way. I believe what he says about StarCraft can be applied to League of Legends, and again, to life.
Day[9] is most well known as a player, caster, and commentator of both StarCraft: Brood War and StarCraft II. More of his content can be found on his website and YouTube channel.
“And so it begins … ISIS flags among refugees in Germany fighting the police,” blared the headline on the Conservative Post; “with this new leaked picture, everything seems confirmed”. The image in question purported to show a group of Syrian refugees holding ISIS flags and attacking German police officers.
For those resistant to accepting refugees into Europe, this story was a godsend. The photo quickly spread across social media, propelled by far-right groups such as the English Defence League and Pegida UK. At the time of writing, the page claims to have been shared over 300,000 times.
The problem is, the photo is three years old, and has precious little to do with the refugee crisis. In fact, it seems to be from a confrontation between members of the far-right Pro NRW party and muslim counter-protesters, which took place in Bonn, back in 2012. A number of news outlets tried to highlight the hoax, including Vice, the Independent and the Mirror, as did numerous Twitter users.
But news in the digital age spreads faster than ever, and so do lies and hoaxes. Just like retractions and corrections in newspapers, online rebuttals often make rather less of a splash than the original misinformation. As I have argued elsewhere, digital verification skills are essential for today's journalists, and academic institutions are starting to provide the necessary training.
But ordinary people are also starting to take a more sophisticated approach to the content they view online. It's no longer enough to read the news – now, we want to understand the processes behind it. Fortunately, there are a few relatively effective verification techniques, which do not require specialist knowledge or costly software. Outlined below are six free, simple tools that any curious newsreader can use to verify digital media.
Reverse image search
Not only is a reverse image search one of the simplest verification tools, it's also the one that showed the “leaked” ISIS refugee photo was a fake. Both of the most popular services, Google Images and TinEye, found pages containing this image dating back to mid-2012. As the screenshot below shows, the “ISIS refugee” story could be debunked in less than a second.
When a link to the story was posted to Reddit, sceptical users swiftly took to Google to query it. Soon, one reported back: “Google Image Search says the photo is from 2012”.
YouTube DataViewer
When watching the latest viral video on YouTube, it's important to be on the look-out for “scrapes”: a scrape is an old video, which has been downloaded from YouTube and re-uploaded by someone who fraudulently claims to be the original eyewitness, or asserts that the video depicts a new event.
Amnesty International has a simple but incredibly useful tool called YouTube DataViewer. Once you've entered the video's URL, this tool will extract the clip's upload time and all associated thumbnail images. This information – which isn't readily accessible via YouTube itself – enables you to launch a two-pronged verification search.
If multiple versions of the same video are hosted on YouTube, the date enables you to identify the earliest upload. This is most likely to be the original. The thumbnails can also be used in a reverse image search to find web pages containing the video, offering a quick and powerful method for identifying older versions or uses of the same video.
Jeffrey's Exif Viewer
Photos, videos and audio taken with digital cameras and smartphones contain Exchangeable Image File (EXIF) information: this is vital metadata about the make of the camera used, and the date, time and location the media was created. This information can be very useful if you're suspicious of the creator's account of the content's origins. In such situations, EXIF readers such as Jeffrey's Exif Viewer allow you to upload or enter the URL of an image and view its metadata.
Below is the EXIF data of a photograph I took of a bus crash in Poole in August 2014. It's very comprehensive; had I claimed the photo was taken, say, last week in Swanage, it would be very simple to disprove. It is worth noting that while Facebook, Instagram and Twitter remove EXIF data when content is uploaded to their servers, media shared via platforms such as Flickr and WhatsApp still contain it.
FotoForensics
FotoForensics is a tool that uses error level analysis (ELA) to identify parts of an image that may have been modified or “photoshopped”. This tool allows you to either upload, or enter the URL of a suspicious image and will then highlight areas where disparities in quality suggest alterations may have been made. It also provides a number of sharing options, which are useful for challenging the recirculation of inaccurate information, because they allow you to provide a direct link to your FotoForensics analysis page.
WolframAlpha
WolframAlpha is a “computational knowledge engine”, which allows you to check weather conditions in at a specific time and place. You can search it using criteria such as “weather in London at 2pm on 16 July, 2014”. So if, for example, a photo of a freak snowstorm has been shared to your timeline, and WolframAlpha reports that it was 27 degrees and clear when the photo was purportedly taken, then alarm bells ought to be ringing.
Online maps
Identifying the location of a suspicious photo or video is a crucial part of the verification process. Google Street View, Google Earth (a source of historical satellite images) and Wikimapia (a crowd-sourced version of Google Maps, featuring additional information) are all excellent tools for undertaking this kind of detective work.
You should identify whether there are any reference points to compare, check whether distinctive landmarks match up and see if the landscape is the same. These three criteria are frequently used to cross-reference videos or photos, in order to verify whether or not they were indeed shot in the location the uploader claims.
Google Earth, in particular, has been put to incredible use use by Elliot Higgins AKA Brown Moses, of Bellingcat – a site for investigative citizen journalism.
(CNN) Nicholas Ballou binds his chest each day before leaving his home. It's so tight he often finds it hard to breathe and has gotten lightheaded. Throughout the day, he might touch his chest or adjust the wrap -- a nervous habit. Nothing can be out of place.
Ballou, a transgender male, cannot afford top surgery, which would get rid of his breasts and give him a more male-looking chest. At 23, he has wanted to have this surgery for 10 years, but it's expensive and it's unlikely he'll be able to cover the costs anytime soon.
Caitlyn Jenner's highly publicized and often celebrated transition from male to female is not typical of what most transgender people experience. Jenner said so recently in her acceptance speech for ESPN's Arthur Ashe Courage Award at the annual ESPY Awards ceremony.
"If you want to call me names, make jokes, doubt my intentions, go ahead. Because the reality is, I can take it," Jenner said. "But for the thousands of kids out there coming to terms with being true to who they are, they shouldn't have to take it."
Many transgender people transition without surgery. Some say they don't want surgery, or are interested in only some of the medical options available. But many cite the cost of the procedures -- potentially more than $100,000 out of pocket -- and the lack of insurance coverage as a barrier to their transition. Still, they worry about how going without might affect their mental health and safety.
The surgery: What does it cost?
The cost of a transgender person's transition can vary widely, and pricing information is often not available.
Eugene Schrang, a Wisconsin surgeon who specialized in gender reassignment surgeries before retiring in 2007, said most patients paid out of pocket for their surgeries, and it was rare for insurance to cover the procedures. Factors that affect the cost include the number of surgeries people want, where the surgeries take place and what type of insurance they use. They also might incur additional costs for travel, hospital stays and psychological evaluations.
In Pennsylvania, the Philadelphia Center for Transgender Surgery posts cost estimates for different procedures. Its price list mentions estimates of $140,450 to transition from male to female , and $124,400 to transition from female to male . This list, unlike many others, includes potential costs for things such as anesthesia, hospital stay and each of the potential surgeries that someone transitioning from one gender to the other may want or require. These numbers are based on one surgery center though, and will change depending on factors such as insurance, the hospital that is attended or if someone is using a different surgery center altogether.
Jo Avelyn Grey estimates she will have paid $70,000 to $80,000 out of pocket by the end of her transition.
Jo Avelyn Grey came out as transgender to her family at 11 years old and began to transition medically four years ago, in her early 20s. Some of Grey's medical expenses are covered by her insurance, Kaiser Permanente, including her hormone therapy, a portion of her gender reassignment surgery and preparatory genital electrolysis that has to be done before the surgery. The insurance does not cover facial electrolysis (beard removal), laser body hair reduction, breast augmentation or facial feminization surgery, all of which Grey considers vital to her survival as a transgender woman.
"No one sees me as physically female, just obviously transgender. This makes me an outcast and puts me at an extremely elevated risk for discrimination and harassment," Grey said. "Just covering hormones and gender reassignment surgery is a half measure that still leaves us exposed to great risks and complications in our everyday lives."
Deborah Espinal, executive director of health plan policy for Kaiser Permanente, said in a statement, "Kaiser Permanente is committed to providing culturally competent care to all of our members and patients. We continue to provide a spectrum of services, in compliance with state mandates, for transgender individuals that includes hormone replacement therapy and behavioral health services throughout all the states that we serve.
"In some states, mandated services include services such as gender reassignment surgery, and mastectomy with chest reconstruction. Our approach is to evaluate service coverage both in terms of what is required by each state and what these patients need to have available to them in order to properly transition. As with all health care decisions, we encourage our members who are interested in transgender medical services to discuss their health care needs with their Kaiser Permanente physician."
In addition to the surgeries that her insurance does not cover, Grey pays a $30 copay for genital electrolysis sessions, which she must attend two to three times each week for about a year before her gender reassignment surgery. She estimates that by the end of her transition, she will have paid $70,000 to $80,000 out of pocket.
Insurance and surgery
More insurance plans are likely to cover transitional procedures for transgender people than in the past.
In a 2013 survey by Jody Herman, manager of transgender research at the Williams Institute , employers characterized the costs of covering transition-related coverage "negligible" and "minimal" because so few people used those services. The survey included 34 U.S. employers who cover transition-related health care. There are between 100 and 500 genital surgeries every year in the United States as part of gender transition, according to the Encyclopedia of Surgery
"Overall, we find that transition-related health care benefits have zero or very low costs, have low utilization by employees, and yet can provide benefits for employers and employees alike," Herman writes.
some insurance agencies are finding ways to get around this policy change. In 2014, the Affordable Care Act, commonly referred to as Obamacare, stated that health insurance providers could no longer discriminate based on gender or health history, though
He has bound his chest for 10 years and said it's intensely painful to ensure that no one knows he was born a woman. He does not have insurance because he said that the insurance agencies that provide Obamacare in Nevada still mark the surgery as cosmetic. He is currently uninsured while he searches for a company that can adequately fit his needs. Ballou said that while this development is a helpful step, it hasn't allowed him to obtain the coverage he needs to get top surgery.He has bound his chest for 10 years and said it's intensely painful to ensure that no one knows he was born a woman. He does not have insurance because he said that the insurance agencies that provide Obamacare in Nevada still mark the surgery as cosmetic. He is currently uninsured while he searches for a company that can adequately fit his needs.
Nicholas Ballou says he has not been able to obtain the surgery needed to complete his transition.
Ballou said he realized he was transgender when he was 3. He recalls running around his backyard in his underwear, screaming at his mother that he would not put on a dress because he was a boy. He first realized there was a word for who he was at 13, and he began to transition with hormone treatments when he was 16.
Ballou is still struggling to become the person he wants to be. In California, where he grew up, state law says health insurance companies must cover transgender health care. He was on an eight-month waiting list to obtain the surgery finally when he switched jobs and moved to Nevada.
He has had no luck in finding a health insurance that will cover the surgery; all the companies he has called label it as cosmetic.
The costs of not transitioning
Even as many insurance companies label transition-related surgeries as cosmetic, transgender rights activists argue that the surgeries are necessary and could decrease mental health issues and violence toward transgender people.
Kristen Lovell, a transgender woman in New York, said that the culture has changed from 15 years ago when she was going through her transition. Still, through her work at Sylvia's Place , an emergency shelter in New York, she sees that transgender people continue to face violence and that people who are unable to transition are more likely to feel depressed or attempt suicide.
an inner sense of not belonging as well as discrimination and harassment by society. The National LGBTQ Task Force says that one in four transgender people have experienced violence. The American Psychological Association says that the lack of acceptance for a transgender person createsan inner sense of not belonging as well as discrimination and harassment by society.
"Passability is definitely a privilege," Lovell said. "As you're transitioning, you're prone to have increased lash outs from people because your appearance isn't appealing to them. People always want to fight what they don't understand. It puts people who are starting to transition in danger."
according to the Passing defines one person living in his or her chosen gender without anyone knowing he or she ever lived in a different one,according to the National LGBT Cancer Project. In broad terms, passing can mean different things to different transgender people, but it usually refers to no one being able to tell that an individual is transgender.
Ballou said he lives in constant fear, and he'll continue to bind his chest each day and search for a way to have his medical procedure. He said he may need to move back to California to have it done.
"I haven't stepped out of my house in 10 years without serious binding," he said. "It's constantly on my mind; I'm never not thinking about it. It's really hard. It's just a consistent fear."
There are hot streaks, and then there is what happened to 81-year-old Dom DeBonis.
DeBonis collected a hole-in-one on three consecutive days while on a golf trip with friends to the Grand Strand region near Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
DeBonis' run began Oct. 6 when he aced the 112-yard 17th at Farmstead Golf Club in Calabash, North Carolina. He followed that up with a hole-in-one on the 129-yard sixth hole at Thistle Golf Club in Sunset Beach, North Carolina, on Oct. 7. DeBonis' final strike came Oct. 8 at Blackmoor Golf Club in South Carolina from 118 yards out.
"I just couldn't believe it," DeBonis, a native of Sharpsburg, Pennsylvania, told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "The guys were going bananas. They said we got to buy lottery tickets, so we went and bought a bunch of lottery tickets."
Amazingly, the aces weren't the first of DeBonis' golf career, or even his only ones in the past two months.
On Sept. 3, DeBonis holed out from 101 yards on the par-3 fifth hole of The Villages, his home course in Florida. Prior to that stroke of luck, it had been 45 years since he had previously marked a 1.
"What happened to me is that for 65 years I've been playing golf and I had one hole-in-one when I lived in New Jersey," DeBonis, a former college golfer, told the Post-Gazette. "Then about three weeks before I got to Myrtle Beach, I had a hole-in-one at The Villages. I was elated because the first one was so long ago."
The odds of acing a hole on three consecutive days are so unlikely that the National Hole-in-One Association has never bothered to crunch the numbers on the probability of it even occurring, according to the Post-Gazette.
DeBonis' run ended at TPC at Myrtle Beach, which he explained by simply saying, "No hole-in-one."
In recent years, though, science has come closer and closer to figuring out how to discover the colors of long-dead species. In 2008, a team at Yale University identified melanosomes, the organelles that manufacture the pigment melanin within a cell, in a fossilized feather. Because melanosomes differ by shape according to the type of melanin they produce—eumelanin, for example, can be black or brown depending on concentration, while pheomelanin is red—the researchers hypothesized that the appearance of a melanosome could be used to infer the color of the animal it belonged to.
But even better than inferring knows for sure. In a study published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, researchers from Virginia Tech and the University of Bristol analyzed the chemical structure of melasonomes from several different fossilized species, confirming the correlation between shape and shade—and, they believe, putting lingering doubts about the method to rest.
“People had questioned whether you could use the shape of the melanosome to tell anything about the color, because it's been through a lot. Millions of years in the ground is obviously going to take a toll,” said Caitlin Colleary, a Ph.D. candidate in geological sciences at Virginia Tech University and the study's lead author. “So by finding traces of the chemical melanin in association with these structures, we've basically confirmed that you can use the shapes of the melanosomes themselves to tell what color something was.”
While past research has examined the melasonomes of dinosaurs and other fossilized reptiles, Colleary and her colleagues included two species of extinct bat in their study, making them the first to identify the color of a mammal through its fossil record. And because color can offer clues to an animal's environment and behavior, the findings also open the door for an understanding of extinct species that goes beyond the aesthetic.
“It's so funny to think about how we grew up looking at these textbooks and books that had pictures of dinosaurs in them,” Colleary said, “but we didn't know what color they actually were. So there are so many animals we should be able to draw with confidence.”
“For me personally, color patterns are also really interesting,” she added. “I'd really like to see the extinct relatives of giraffes, because giraffes have such a distinct color pattern. So it would be really cool to see what those guys look like.”
A family trying to fly from Albany International Airport to a cousin's wedding last Friday ended up stranded because TSA agents had left.
John Swick of Old Forge, Herkimer County, said he, his wife and their children, ages 3 and 4 months, had driven 2½ hours to make the flight. Hurricane Matthew was hitting Florida and the flight was delayed several hours until 9:45 p.m.
Swick said he showed up at the airport at 8:20 p.m., only to be told by a Jet Blue agent that TSA personnel had left 20 minutes earlier and the family could not be cleared to fly.
“The whole experience was surreal,” Swick said. “We couldn't get through security because TSA had left.”
TSA spokeswoman Lisa Farbstein said Hurricane Matthew was hitting Florida, causing delays, but passengers should have been advised to get to the airport on time. All the passengers but the Swick family and one other individual made the flight, she said.
Read the full story here.
Photo from Monday's neighborhood meeting on sheter on SE Foster Road - Image from KATU reporter Lashay Wesley
Neighbors packed into a community meeting Monday night to hear about a planned 100-bed homeless shelter on SE Foster Road
The Joint Office of Homeless Services (JOHS) is planning to house homeless adults in a vacant building at 6144 SE Foster Road, which is near the Holgate Boulevard intersection. The Homeless Shelter is expected to open up next year.
About half of those trying to pack into Monday's meeting were turned away because there wasn't enough space inside.
Neighbors yelled when they were told the project will move forward as planned.
"I don't think you could've tried harder to find a poorer location," a nearby resident said at the meeting.
Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler told the crowd the site was chosen to help the city find housing for the large population of homeless people in Southeast Portland.
"People tell me repeatedly, about eight times a day. 'Mr. Mayor we want you to get people off of our streets,'" Wheeler said.
Nearby residents said the space uses up a prime retail location and is too close to schools and businesses.
"This decision flies in the face of 16 years in the making," one resident said, talking about the growing economic development along Foster Road.
A few residents say they supported the decision.
"I know it's scary to think that things could change, but I've also seen how beautiful and wonderful it is when people get stability and they feel safe," one person said.
Residents said they wanted increased police presence and to screen out sexual offenders.
"How would you feel about higher barrier?" Wheeler asked.
City and County officials promised future meetings with neighbors.
Well-known fashion writer Merle Ginsberg reportedly got the boot from The Hollywood Reporter after penning a favorable review about Marc Jacobs in exchange for a pricey handbag from the New York-based design brand. According to the New York Post, Ginsberg's sudden disappearance in April from the trade publication stems from a quid pro quo relationship in connection with her coverage. “One West Coast fashion spy said Ginsberg had received, in addition to the bag, other expensive fashion items over the years — a claim that Ginsberg denies.”
Ginsberg has released a statement, saying: “Whatever tongues are wagging — as you say — they might be unaware that this Marc Jacobs handbag was sent to me the day the issue was released, which clearly meant no favors took place in doing a story on Marc Jacobs as red carpet designer of the 2015/2016 season … I've never ‘sold stories' — that's a despicable idea and a despicable practice. I think my work — the quality and quantity of it — throughout my career — speaks for itself. I can't control what competitive and jealous people are going to say. But one thing I would say is — they should look in the mirror.”
Iran has called on Saudi Arabia to swiftly free the three Iranian fishermen who had wandered into Saudi waters because of tumult in the sea and who have been detained by the Saudi coastguard.
The Iranian Interior Ministry made the demand in a statement issued on Wednesday, saying Riyadh had to live up to its legal obligation of returning the fishermen, paying up compensation, and punishing those behind the incident.
Bearing licenses, three Iranian fishing boats had departed from the southern Iranian Bushehr Port last week, the statement explained, adding that, later during the trip, tumultuous sea conditions pushed them into Saudi waters.
One of the vessels managed to return to the Iranian waters, the other two being directed by the waves into Saudi waters, where they came under live fire from the Saudi coastguard, it added.
The statement said the fishermen on board the two boats had no idea they had been pushed across the maritime border and even if they did, they could not do anything about it because they had lost control of the vessels.
The Saudi fire killed one fisherman on board one of the two boats, on which another fisherman finally managed to regain control and return to the Iranian coast, it said, adding that the other vessel, however, was impounded by the Saudi coastguards, who also detained three fishermen on board.
The statement identified the fishermen killed as Mahmoud Siamar, and the three arrested as Hossein Aslani, Sohrab Aslani, and Hossein Zarei.
The ministry said such innocent trespassing by civilian boats is common and had occurred 17 times over the past months in Iran's territorial waters.
“The boats trespassing [into Iranian waters] were returned to their respective countries [of origin] with goodwill. The opening of fire on fishing boats [by Saudi Arabia] is against humanitarian and Islamic principles,” it said.
On Monday, Saudi Arabia's Information Ministry said in a statement that Saudi forces had captured and were questioning three members of Iran's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC), “who were intending to carry out an attack on a major offshore oilfield in the Persian Gulf,” according to an Associated Press report.
This is while Saudi Arabia itself had offered a different narrative about the incident some two days earlier, saying merely that the Iranian boats had entered its waters and been shot at.
Iran has rejected the claim, saying the arrested individuals were “simply fishermen” and not IRGC members.
New Hampshire Politicians Want To Make 'Satellite View' On Maps A Criminal Offense
from the say-what-now? dept
A person is guilty of a class A misdemeanor if such person knowingly creates or assists in creating an image of the exterior of any residential dwelling in this state where such image is created by or with the assistance of a satellite, drone, or any device that is not supported by the ground. This prohibition shall not apply where the image does not reveal forms identifiable as human beings or man-made objects.
Many courts have held that it's not illegal to photograph a residence, such as the case in California and South Carolina and the issue has been addressed by other lawyers here and here. Usually the issue is whether the photograph invades the privacy of a person, which is difficult to do from the air, but is already addressed by case law.
This is insane. Some politicians in New Hampshire have put forth a bill that would make it illegal to do aerial photography of any "residential dwelling." The key text of HB-619-FN is as follows:If you're thinking that this would make it a misdemeanor (which is still a crime...) for people to work on things like Mapquest, Google Maps and Bing Maps -- all of which have "aerial" views (often called "satellite view," though some are assisted by airplanes as well) -- to even exist, well, then, you have a point. Also, I don't know about you, but I've taken plenty of photographs out the window of an airplane, which have certainly included images of residential dwellings which revealed "forms identifiable as... man-made objects."This seems like an extremist view of what "privacy" should be about, ignoring the fact that an aerial shot of your house is simply not a privacy issue. I am reminded, not surprisingly, of the story which resulted in the coining of "The Streisand Effect," in which Barbara Streisand sued a photographer for taking an aerial photograph of her house, as part of a project to photograph the entire California coastline from a helicopter (to study the impact of erosion). It was crazy to think of that as a privacy violation, and the court clearly agreed, siding with the photographer over Streisand.And, it appears, lots of other courts have said that photographing someone's residence is perfectly legal:Hopefully the legislature in New Hampshire realizes this is a complete overreach in the name of bogus privacy claims and drops the bill.
Filed Under: aerial photography, free speech, new hampshire, privacy
In this image released by CBS, Dean Winters portrays Det. Russ Agnew, left, and Josh Duhamel portrays Special Agent Milton Chamberlain in a scene from “Battle Creek.” (Photo: AP)
If you missed “Battle Creek,” the police show set in a fictional version of the Cereal City, then the 13 episodes will soon be available again.
The first — and only — season of the canceled TV show from “House” creator David Shore and “Breaking Bad” creator Vince Gilligan will be available for streaming on Netflix beginning Tuesday, according to pop culture news site Vulture.
“Battle Creek,” starring Josh Duhamel as a Detroit FBI agent and Dean Winters as a Battle Creek police detective, locally premiered at W.K. Kellogg Auditorium in a special red carpet event and on TV screens in March.
However, the CBS show never caught on in the numbers it needed to survive and was canceled in May.
For a list of what's expected to hit Netflix throughout September, check out www.vulture.com/2015/08/new-on-netflix-september-2015.html.
Read or Share this story: http://bcene.ws/1EwaUoI
Copyright 2019 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
A school police officer who slammed a middle-school student to the ground has been fired.
The incident at Rhodes Middle School in San Antonio late last month was captured on cell phone video.
"We understand that situations can sometimes escalate to the point of requiring a physical response; however, in this situation we believe that the extent of the response was absolutely unwarranted," said San Antonio Independent School District Superintendent Pedro Martinez.
"Additionally, the officer's report was inconsistent with the video and it was also delayed, which is not in accordance with the general operating procedures of the police department. We want to be clear that we will not tolerate this behavior," Martinez said.
In the video, Officer Joshua Kehm is seen lifting the student into the air and throwing her to the ground.
She lies motionless as he handcuffs her. Some students shout; others laugh as she is escorted away.
Kehm did not immediately respond to a request for comment Monday.
This wasn't the first time school police officers have been accused of using excessive force.
Last year, a police officer working at a South Carolina school was fired after video circulated on social media showing him violently removing a student from her desk.
That video sparked widespread outrage and questions about what role police should play in schools. At the time, the officer's attorney defended him, saying his actions were justified.
Last month, the Baltimore school system's top cop and two others officers were placed on administrative leave after the release of a cell phone video showing one of the officers slapping and kicking a young man. Now the officers are facing assault charges in the case.
Martinez said the San Antonio school district's investigation of the incident will continue and help decide if additional actions should be taken in response to what happened.
"We know that this incident does not define our district police department, which is dedicated to serving and protecting our school community," he said. "We all want to make sure this kind of incident does not occur again, and we will seek to identify areas where improvement may be needed."
Tim Flach / Getty Images
What's the wildest thing you've encountered in a public bathroom? Broken toilet? Spent cherry bomb? A person who was obviously confused by the gender symbols on the bathroom door? Tiger?
(MORE: Czech Republic Forced to Remind the Internet that Chechnya Is a Different Country After Boston Bombing)
Wait, tiger? Yes, tiger, as Jenna Krehbiel of Salina, Kan. discovered upon visiting the ladies room at the Isis Shrine Circus this weekend. Krehbiel had just finished watching the circus' big cat show and stepped away to use the facilities at the Salina Bicentennial Centennial Center when she came face to face with a massive feline.
“I went in to use the bathroom, and a lady came in to get her daughter out and said there was a tiger loose,” Krehbiel, who was a first-time visitor to the circus, told the Salina Journal. “I didn't know it was in the bathroom, and I walked in the (open) door, which closed right after I had walked in. I saw the tiger; it was at most two feet in front of me, and I turned around calmly and walked back toward the door.”
The tiger had escaped at some point during the show, according to Center officials, prompting staffers to lock down the area, but the roughly 25-foot-long bathroom apparently had more than one entrance — Krehbiel came in from the other side, putting her “the closest [she'd] ever been to a tiger not in a cage.”
She told the Journal that while the tiger wasn't the biggest in the show, she estimated it was at least 250 pounds. Why then didn't she panic and flee abruptly? Because of her training as a social worker, she told the Journal, which keeps her “always on alert.”
And her three-year-old daughter's reaction after Krehbiel relayed what happened? Hygiene first: “[She] wanted to know if it had washed its hands,” said Krehbiel. “That was her only concern.”
MORE: Nike Pulls ‘Boston Massacre' T-Shirts from Shelves
Would Mayor Rahm Emanuel have been re-elected if voters had seen the video of Laquan McDonald's execution?
No.
Rahm would have lost the election. Why? Because he would have lost Chicago's black vote.
Without the black vote, Rahm Emanuel would not be the 9.5-fingered boss of Bartertown.
Black political figures would have been uneasy standing with Rahm. They would have run away. They couldn't stand with him.
Not if that video came out during the election campaign, the video showing white cop Jason Van Dyke shooting McDonald, hitting him with two rounds, and then, with McDonald on the ground, hitting him with 14 more shots.
Emanuel could have even sat in President Barack Obama's lap for a photo — both of them wearing matching Dr. Denton pajamas (the kind with the feet) and sipping identical cups of cocoa.
And that still wouldn't have saved him.
So Emanuel buried the video. And black politicians and clergy got busy getting out the vote for Rahm. He won the April 7 runoff election, and only then did he have the aldermen vote to pay a $5 million settlement to the McDonald family.
Warning: This video contains graphic content. Chicago officials released the police dash-cam video of the October 2014 fatal shooting of Laquan McDonald, 17, by a Chicago police officer. The Chicago Tribune edited this version only for length. Warning: This video contains graphic content. Chicago officials released the police dash-cam video of the October 2014 fatal shooting of Laquan McDonald, 17, by a Chicago police officer. The Chicago Tribune edited this version only for length. SEE MORE VIDEOS
If the video had been out, if Chicago had watched it before going to the polls, Emanuel would have lost the black vote. You'd have to be a meat puppet to think otherwise. And you're not a meat puppet, are you?
But just to make sure of my theory, I called the one guy who'd know: Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia, the mayor's opponent in the 2015 election.
"Yes," Garcia told me over the phone. "That video would definitely have changed the political environment.
"The rug would have been pulled out from under many political leaders' feet. Things would have been different," he said.
"And now, with the video out and people seeing it, everywhere I go people ask me about it. Everywhere I go people tell me it would have been a game changer. If people had seen it, they would have said, this city is so corrupt, it's time for a change."
But they didn't see it, until it was too late.
"There's just some basic Chicago arithmetic in there. He wouldn't have received as many votes from the African-American community," Garcia said. "It isn't rocket science. It's arithmetic. And so yes, this tragic video would have had a profound impact."
Which is why Rahm didn't want it to be seen, why he had to do everything to keep it under wraps. And he did do everything to keep it under wraps, until the other day.
"And that's the Chicago Way," Garcia said.
Yes it is.
You can see the truth of it by watching the other politicians scrambling for cover in the wake of the Laquan McDonald video release.
They don't like questions about how they helped Rahm win. That puts the jacket on them. And they don't want to wear the jacket.
So they're stitching one up for Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez, who charged Van Dyke with murder the other day.
They want Alvarez to wear the jacket for it all.
Rahm seems to be throwing her under his bus, but he doesn't want his fingerprints on her. So his ally, David Axelrod, threw her under.
Axelrod is a Rahm pal, but for years he was also the mouthpiece for former Mayor Richard Daley, and was the top political and media strategist for Obama. It's a Chicago thing.
"Why did it take a year to indict a CPD officer who shot a kid 16 times?" Axelrod tweeted Tuesday night. "Would it have happened today if judge hadn't ordered video release?"
That puts it on Alvarez. Does she deserve it?
I don't think so. To me, she's not the issue.
The video threatened Rahm Emanuel and his pursuit of power. Alvarez told reporters she'd been waiting for the feds to issue a joint announcement with her office. That didn't happen.
Funny how things work out.
Axelrod's tweet legitimizes a self-preservation tactic Chicago politicians have been pursuing for the last day or so: They know people are angry over what happened to 17-year-old McDonald. They want to be safe from that anger. So they're directing the mob to go against Alvarez.
On Wednesday, I headed over to my old haunts at City Hall to see the circus in action. The City Council's Black Caucus had called a news conference, and there, in one rambling, cloudy speech after another, they made it clear they weren't responsible for a thing and that there needed to be changes.
Not their jobs. And not Rahm's. Instead, they saved their outrage for police Superintendent Garry McCarthy and Alvarez. Then they rambled some more.
But even in cloudy waters you might still see a slippery bullhead, if you can spot the fins or the chin whiskers. And so I reached down, got my hand wet and asked:
Would Emanuel have won the African-American vote if that video had been seen before the election?
Most just looked at me as if I were a space alien saying "I come in peace" in some frightening alien tongue of clicks and whistles that they couldn't understand.
Later, I cornered one of the aldermen and asked again.
"No," said the alderman, meaning no, Rahm would not have won the election. "But you already knew that. Why are you asking us?"
jskass@tribpub.com
Twitter @John_Kass
The Libertarian Forum, edited by Murray N. Rothbard from 1969 to 1984, had a small — even tiny — circulation but it forged the intellectual edifice known as libertarianism.
Month after month, the newsletter thrilled, enlightened, shocked, and awed its subscribers. Everything was on the table. And here are all the issues again, as smart, gossipy, and fresh as they were when they were first written.
This was where Murray wrote his extraordinary movie reviews, his searing political commentary on everything from Nixon, Carter, and Reagan to the New Left and the New Right, and his contemporary history of the libertarian movement, from the founding of the Libertarian Party to the implosion of the movement in the 1980s. It is all bracing, fun, controversial, and fire hot.
As the saying goes, he was just one man with a typewriter, but he changed the world. The appearance of this incredible newsletter in book form brings joy to the heart. Murray would be exuberantly happy to see it all come back!
Making them available was originally Walter Block's idea. Initially it seemed impossible. We didn't have all issues. The costs would be prohibitive. The volumes would be too thick and unwieldy. Would their content still be relevant?
Once we began to look carefully at this treasure, it was clear that it had to be done.
It is still huge: 1202 pages! But we put it into two volumes to make it manageable. And thanks to donors who also saw the need, and the many people who worked to find copies and send them to us, we put together an entire set, and now they are all available to make another huge dent in the history of the world.
It was a miracle publication in many ways—something that would never have been published by a mainstream house. It existed from 1969 to 1984. It was a passionate, smart, gossipy, and often shocking newsletter that is as fresh today as when it was written. It was low circulation but it exercised huge influence. It gave birth to the libertarian movement, raised it through its infancy and teen years, and gave it a farewell once it entered adulthood.
You will see many names that you recognize (Murray wasn't the only writer), and hear the details on subjects in libertarian history about which you have heard only rumors. You will discover how a brilliant intellectual read and understood the daily news from a radical libertarian perspective. In short, if you want to understand modern libertarianism—or even modern politics—this volume are not only essential; they are a priceless and indispensable resource.
"What goes up can go up a whole lot more" has sort of been a theme of cryptocurrencies in 2017. Despite no shortage of skeptics, the aggregate market value of every cryptocurrency combined has vaulted from $17.7 billion on Dec. 31, 2016, to as high as $635 billion as of Dec. 20, 2017. That's right -- a nearly 3,500% increase in value in less than a year.
What's fueling the crypto craze?
There have been a number of catalysts pushing the value of virtual currencies higher as a whole. Topping this list is the emergence of blockchain technology. Think of blockchain as the infrastructure that these virtual coins are built upon. Blockchain is the digital, distributed, and decentralized ledger that records all transactions, and does so without the need for a third party. Using blockchain as opposed to current databases might lead to more secure networks that settle transactions faster and cheaper.
A physical gold bitcoin lying atop a messy pile of hundred dollar bills. More
Image source: Getty Images.
Emotions have played a pivotal role as well. Since institutional investors have mostly stuck to the sidelines, retail investors have been responsible for the upward move in digital coins thus far. Some of these investors, especially those with little investing experience, have been lured in by the fear of missing out on big gains. These emotions have compounded to push cryptocurrencies ever higher.
An increase in use for virtual coins has also served as a catalyst. Bitcoin, which has served as the face of this rally, has successfully been adding new merchants to its network, to go along with the brand-name merchants it added back in 2014. As more merchants become willing to accept virtual coins, the validity of using these tokens to purchase goods and services rises.
Lastly, news-driven events have definitely helped. For example, Japan adopted bitcoin as a legal form of tender earlier this year, while both the CME Group and CBOE Global Markets have begun trading bitcoin futures. All of these events add to the validity of having cryptocurrencies become a new asset class.
Forget bitcoin: Litecoin looks to be a better choice
But as you can tell from the aforementioned catalysts, a lot of them have to do with bitcoin. As the cryptocurrency that currently makes up 45% of the aggregate market cap of all virtual coins, and the most traded cryptocurrency in the world by average daily dollar value, it naturally receives the most investor attention.
A physical silver and gold Litecoin. More
Story continues
For decades suburbia was home to the highest concentration of wealth in America, and perhaps even the entire world. It was the seat of our nation's thriving middle class and a beacon of economic mobility. The streets were clean and safe, the schools were highly regarded, and there were plenty of middle class jobs to be had.
But something has changed in suburbia. While offshoring and automation have destroyed millions of jobs across the country, the decimation of brick and mortar stores by online retailers has pounded the wealth base of suburbia. So much so, that there are more people living in poverty in suburbia than any other place in America.
According to a new book, “Places in Need: The Changing Geography of Poverty,” by University of Washington professor Scott Allard, American suburbs are facing economic hardship on a massive, if poorly understood, scale. As of 2014, urban areas in the US had 13 million people living in poverty. Meanwhile, the suburbs had just shy of 17 million. The Great Recession of 2008 helped accelerate much of the poverty that emerged in the early 2000s, Allard's research has found. But another disrupting factor was the technological shift that enabled — and continues to enable — online retailers like Amazon and other e-commerce sites to replace shopping malls and big-box stores. This ongoing demise has hollowed out many of the jobs suburban Americans once turned to as a means of supporting themselves.
So where did the wealth go? It appears to have fled suburbia, and made its way back to the cities.
The kinds of jobs that do entice younger people — mostly higher-skill, white-collar work — are increasingly found in cities. Suburban office parks are becoming a thing of the past as millennials flock to nearby metropolitan areas for work, accelerating the speed at which the suburban workforce hollows out overall. Allard said it's a reversal of several decades ago, when businesses moved to the suburbs to attract people who had recently vacated the city in search of a safer, greener place to live
Of course there are many factors that have killed jobs and wealth creation in suburbia, and those factors are contributing to poverty across the board. When you look at the data, you'll find that the number of people living under the poverty line has skyrocketed in the suburbs, the cities, and rural areas. It's happening everywhere. But suburbia is being hit the hardest.
Between 2000 and 2015, the poor population in smaller metropolitan areas grew at double the pace of the urban and rural poor populations, outstripped only by poverty's growth in the nation's suburbs. Suburbs in the country's largest metro areas saw the number of residents living below the poverty line grow by 57 percent between 2000 and 2015. All together, suburbs accounted for nearly half (48 percent) of the total national increase in the poor population over that time period.
The truth is this is emblematic of a much wider trend. The middle class in America is clearly dying, and the suburbs are where the middle class used to be concentrated. But like I said, it's happening all over the place.
It used to be that you could escape poverty by moving from one place to another. During the industrial revolution, millions fled the subsistence living conditions in the countryside for factory jobs in the city. After World War Two, millions more left the cities for the suburbs.
But where can people run to now for economic opportunity? The middle class jobs in the suburbs have been hollowed out by the digital age. Offshoring, automation, environmental regulations, and illegal immigration have driven down wages and killed many of the highest paying jobs in rural areas. For most people, the only good paying jobs are in the cities, where the cost of living is so high that you can barely raise a family on a six-figure income, which of course negates any of the benefits of having a high paying urban job.
If trends like this continue, then someday we're going to wake up in a country that is like many that came before, where a few coastal elites are incredibly wealthy, and poverty is the norm for everyone else.
Jered Weaver agrees to five-year, $85-million extension with Angels
Weaver, the Angels' ace, could have become a free agent after the 2012 season. His deal is the second-largest in team history and reportedly includes a full no-trade clause.
Weaver, a two-time All-Star, is 14-6 with an American League-leading 2.10 earned-run average, and he is among the leading candidates for the AL Cy Young Award.
It will be the second-largest contract the team has ever awarded, just under the five-year, $90-million deal outfielder Torii Hunter got before 2008.
The deal, with an average annual value of $17 million, will make Weaver, 28, the highest-paid pitcher in franchise history.
The deal, which will be officially announced Tuesday in a 2 p.m. news conference, reportedly includes a full no-trade clause and will keep Weaver, who was entering his final year of arbitration this winter, in Anaheim through 2016.
The Angels on Sunday reached agreement on a five-year, $85-million contract extension with Jered Weaver , extinguishing fears among the team's fans that the ace right-hander would leave as a free agent after the 2012 season.
Though Weaver grew up in Simi Valley and pitched at Long Beach State, Angels fans were skeptical Weaver would remain in Anaheim after he became a free agent.
The reasons: Weaver's agent, Scott Boras, prefers his clients go to free agency, where they can earn maximum dollars, and the relationship between Boras and Angels owner Arte Moreno has been strained since negotiations with free-agent first baseman Mark Teixeira broke down before 2009.
There was also a concern that Weaver might have hard feelings toward the Angels after losing last winter's arbitration case with them and settling for $7.365 million this season.
But Boras has maintained he has no problems dealing with the Angels' front office, and the Weaver deal is clearly an indication the sides can cooperate for the good of a player and the team.
Weaver, in his sixth big league season, has a 78-45 record with a 3.30 ERA and 937 strikeouts in 1,0841/3 innings. He led the major leagues with 233 strikeouts last season.
His new contract is in line with the five-year, $80-million deal Justin Verlander signed with Detroit and the five-year, $78-million deal Felix Hernandez signed with Seattle before 2010. But both those pitchers signed with two arbitration years remaining.
Weaver's deal will also be more than the five-year, $82.5-million contract former Angels ace John Lackey signed with Boston before 2010.
The Angels offered Lackey four years and $60 million.
Bourjos powers up
At this rate, Peter Bourjos might be better suited to hit in the middle of the Angels' lineup than near the top or bottom.
The center fielder hit a two-run home run in the fourth inning Sunday at Angel Stadium during a 7-1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles, giving him homers in three consecutive games.
"I'm not even sure if I had done that in the minor leagues," Bourjos said.
Bourjos has five homers in his last 18 games after hitting three in his first 96 games.
Known for speed more than power, Bourjos has hit in every position in the order except Nos. 3-4-5. He was in the second spot Sunday for only the third time this season, with switch-hitter Maicer Izturis leading off against left-hander Brian Matusz.
US TV network ABC has apologised to its viewers after part of Nicki Minaj's costume fell off during a televised gig on Friday.
The 28-year-old rapper was performing in Central Park for the Good Morning America show when her top slipped down.
Despite a five-second delay some US viewers still saw what happened though it was later edited out of repeat broadcasts.
In a statement ABC said: "We are sorry that this occurred."
The network's apology followed complaints from viewers.
Minaj continued her show despite the slip, performing Moment For Life and her UK number 10 hit Super Bass.
She released her debut album Pink Friday last year on Young Money, the label owned by US rapper Lil Wayne.
It's since gone platinum, selling more than a million copies worldwide.
She recently was added to the cast for the forthcoming animated film Ice Age: Continental Drift.
At first glance, Rick Santorum is merely the fifth Not-Romney of the Republican Primary. Before him, we had Michele Bachmann, Rick Perry, Herman Cain, and Newt Gringrich, which makes his sudden popularity sort of insulting to him. He's the last fallback, the least preferable candidate in a stable of has-beens and weirdos. He seems like the guy who could be most fairly dismissed as Not-Romney by snickering liberals.
Unlike those others, Santorum's newfound popularity seems unearned. For his 15 minutes of legitimacy, Perry marked his entrance to the race with a very effective storm of hype (He's a governor! What a retail politician!). Bachmann spent years ingratiating herself with the Tea Party inner circle while Cain and Gringrich delivered hours of extremely entertaining public speaking before anyone would lend them credence. Even Tim Pawlenty had more presence and no one even knows who Pawlenty is anymore.
Meanwhile, Santorum's only contributions to the primary were tremendously awkward debate performances. He always appears peevish and irritable. He's fussy. He sounds scolding when he wants to sound commanding and he comes off more indignant than dignified. Worst of all, he is transparently uncomfortable discussing his future presidency.
He is much more comfortable talking about his past and his conservative bona fides. Above all else, he loves telling audiences and moderators that they don't adequately appreciate his conservatism. He comes off as a man with more grievances than ambitions, like he's running for president just so he can lose and sulk about it.
But Rick Santorum's popularity is no accident. Santorum is more than just another byproduct of the Romney campaign's nosedive into the uncanny valley. Before he became the latest Not-Romney, Santorum emerged from the primary's noisy background by winning the Iowa Caucus in an enormous upset. He didn't win as a candidate of last resort. He won because he appealed, personally and effectively, to Iowa's evangelical powerbrokers.
Every Republican candidate mouths some adequate, poll-tested quanta of homophobia, prurience, coverture, and intelligent design, but Santorum does much more. He takes commonplace conservative moralism and just pounds it shrieking into the earth. Lesser conservatives couch their homophobic appeals in word games and dog-whistle phrases, but Santorum just comes right out and compares homosexuality to bestiality, then says gays are “afraid of the truth” when they get mad. Lesser conservatives merely have plans for your sexual and romantic life, but Rick Santorum has a pair of binoculars and a whistle.
Real, hard-line social conservatives back Santorum because Santorum is the only genuine social conservative candidate in the race. The others have all been a haphazard collection of predatory salesmen, known moral frauds, Mormons, a libertarian, and a woman. Santorum is different. He is genuinely their kind of crazy, and he's not a woman.
The Republican base recognizes the difference. They understand that Santorum is more than some fair-weather bigot—he is a genuine, honest-to-goodness, unreconstructed agent of intolerance. Pundits have asked repeatedly just what it is the Republican base wants from their nominee. They want Santorum.
His preeminence is yet another object lesson that the masters of the universe have lost control over the Republican Party machinery. A million years ago, when this primary began, no one predicted that Republican primary voters would gravitate to Santorum. Republican primaries may start out fractious and untamed, but they still settle on the electable party favorite in the end, not the creepy, unelectable guy in the sweater vest. And yet, here, we are. Rick Santorum may very well be the GOP candidate for President of the United States of America.
But more than that, Rick Santorum demonstrates the current character of that Republican base. Mike Huckabee occupied much the same political space Santorum's taken over in the 2008 Republican primary as the overtly religious, conservative Christian candidate. But there's a world of difference between Huckabee and Santorum's public demeanor. Huckabee always came across as soothing and conciliatory. He seemed generous and nice. Rick Santorum comes off sullen and angry; he seems disgusted and vindictive.
That's the heart of Santorum's unique appeal with Republican primary voters. He does more than walk the walk and talk the talk. He carries himself with the same seething anger that has consumed the Republican Party. Like Bill Clinton, he feels their pain. He shares it. They can see themselves in him, because he comes off as an actual human being who feels what they feel. He has achieved a profound, accidental empathy. And in a race where the only other competition is an unwholesome, insanely wealthy, smiling robot whose every empty word seems to mock you, that means everything.
Of course, a Rick Santorum presidency is just pure fantasy. If JFK's presidency was Camelot, then Rick Santorum's presidency would be Narnia with cruise missiles. It's a whitewashed childish fantasy where children pretend Jesus is a lion and women stay out of combat situations. But right now, to the Republican primary voter, Narnia sounds pretty great. That's where they are, and that's what they want. They want Narnia. They want Rick Santorum.
Previously - Hard Times for Boehner
Presidential candidates are confronted with all kinds of problems when it comes time to pick a running mate. If a candidate shares the ticket with a bore, we understand, the ticket becomes more boring. If he or she (really he) opts for a dynamo, however, the candidate becomes duller by comparison, and the ticket becomes—yes—more boring.
Doomed, stubborn, or charmed candidates need not concern themselves with this conundrum. John McCain had the poor man's luxury of tapping whomever he woke up wanting to lose with. George W. Bush, who made a habit of sticking it to the establishment in the most establishmentarian way, went for the least electable insider ever to seek the Vice Presidency. And Barack Obama ensured with his careful selection that Hillary Clinton would spend her days and nights anywhere on earth but up in his business.
Mitt Romney, by contrast, is neither doomed, stubborn, nor charmed. His pliability and his formlessness as a candidate mean that his VP pick matters even more than it normally would. He's white, he's a businessman, he's Mormon—yawn. The media, the amateur armchair analysts, and Obama's well-oiled attack ad machine are going to go nuts when they finally have some fresh candidate meat to tear into. You can only talk about how Romney made his millions for so long before it becomes painfully dull.
Political gossips are already deep into their third set of ocular warm-up exercises, primed to roll their eyes one way (Pawlenty?!) or the other (Condi?!). It's not so great news for Republicans, who as a group are utterly at a loss to decide who completes the ticket, or even according to what standard.
For Team Romney itself, I imagine it's just another day at the office—another action item to be taken on the way any highly-paid consultancy squad would do. The Romney campaign is all about safe bets, and the safe bet on Romney's choice is a safe person. Tim Pawlenty is boring, which is good, but his brand of over-optimistic pro-growth conservatism is problematically identifiable, not to mention stale. Romney wants to be both unclassifiable and new, so Pawlenty ought to be out. Paul Ryan is a wonk beloved and hated, whereas Romney's managerial strategy is to be loved and hated by no one. Bobby Jindal—hey, there's an idea… Did you hear about that time he performed an exorcism in college?
The real answer, the right choice, is none of these. It's not even Chris Christie or Rand Paul, the two best shots Mitt could take at redefining the Republican party. The man Team Romney is waiting for is his otherworldly double, his twin from a parallel universe—CIA Director and former four-star commander in Iraq and Afghanistan David Petraeus.
Like Romney, Petraeus is very white and unambiguously male. Yet the similarities do not stop there. Romney rose smoothly and surely to distinction in a rigorously hierarchical realm predicated on merit, discipline, and performance. (You may think venture capitalists are evil, but they aren't stupid.) Ditto Petraeus. Romney is the most comfortable working, taking transparently little joy in talking about what he's going to do, or even who he is “as a person.” Petraeus too. Both men thrive on extreme complexity. Both men have massive patience for sprawling, extended missions with no guaranteed date of completion. They're the kind of ultra-competent, ultra-boring managers who can command armies and change the health care system in an entire state.
If Mitt Romney had that thing in him that makes you go through the hell that is a military academy, he very well could have been David Petraeus, and if David Petraeus had liked money more than blood and honor, he might have been Mitt Romney. Had they both wound up on the same career track at the same time a little corner of the universe might have tucked into itself and imploded.
But, of course, they weren't. And so Petraeus is in a mesmerizing way everything Romney is not. Frank. Tough. Authoritative. Heroic. Non-negotiable. These muscular characteristics permit Petraeus to make Romney look bigger by lifting him onto the ticket. Much as Obama seemed more chill and clever than ever after he hooked up with Biden… much as Dubya seemed even more Christian and country with Dick Cheney by his side… much as McCain—well, let's not go down that road. Petraeus is the one figure who would make Romney, and the ticket, seem more than the sum of its parts.
The America Mitt Romney sings songs about looks like Romney/Petraeus '12. It's that simple. Boring white guys who look like the uptight dean in a college party flick will never go out of style.
@jamespoulos
Not content with forcing people into using its Messenger app, Facebook is continuing its aggressive tactics and driving users to install its photo-sharing app, Moments. The social network has warned users that their photos face deletion if they fail to use the Moments app.
Unsurprisingly, this has led to a huge surge in interest in the app, pushing it to the top of the download charts. Facebook has announced that it is going to delete Synced Albums and Synced Photos if Moments is not installed by July 7, sending warning emails to a number of users.
This has understandably led to panic installations of Moments as people sought to protect the photos that have been automatically synchronized from their phone. It's important to note that it is only these synced photos that are at risk, but it's clear that there is an element of confusion about what Facebook is planning to delete. The email the company is sending out to users reads:
We wanted to let you know that photos you privately synced from your phone to Facebook will be deleted soon. Earlier this year, they were moved to Moments, a new app from Facebook. If you want to keep your [number of photos], download Moments and log in before Jul 7. If you don't want Moments, you can also download these photos directly to your computer from your Facebook profile. Otherwise, they'll be deleted. This won't affect photos or videos you've shared on Facebook. Moment lets you organize and privately share photos with friends. It's free on iOS and Android.
The email is very poorly worded, and almost has the feeling of spam to it. While it's an undeniably heavy-handed approach by Facebook, more could have been done to make it clear exactly what is being deleted and to make it clear that Moments is not really needed. The short deadline Facebook has given may have shot Moments to the top of the charts, but it has also upset a lot of people, and that's not going to work in the company's favor, particularly when users are already smarting over Messenger.
Photo credit: endermasali / Shutterstock
DUBAI: Three Indians have been accused of confining 19 Filipino hotel workers inside a villa for over a month, not allowing them to go out even during their free time or holidays.The three men — 41-year-old electrician SS, 61-year-old supervisor KM and 54-year-old cook KA — who were identified with their initials only, were said to have unlawfully locked up the Filipino women from sunset to sunrise daily in the employees' residence in Al Mutainah The trio claimed it was only to protect the women from sexual harassment in the area.The men, who are out on bail, pleaded not guilty and firmly denied the accusations, Gulf News reported.Prosecution records said the 19 Filipinas worked for the hotel as receptionists, housekeepers, cleaners and maids, the report said.As soon as the women finished work, the trio would lock them inside the villa and keep them confined until the next morning, according to prosecution records.The women said a bus would collect them at 7am and bring them back at 8pm when their shift was over.Prosecutors accused SS, KM and KA of breaching the Filipinas' rights and freedom by locking them up unlawfully for a period of one month.The trio's lawyer asked the presiding judge to adjourn the case to present his defence when the court reconvenes on November 24.One of the housekeepers, 30-year-old MN, testified that she had been working for the hotel in Al Muraqqabat for two years."I was hired on a 600 dirhams salary. Since I started work, the senior workers told me that it was against the hotel's policy to go out of the residence during free time or after work or on holidays. As soon as we returned to the residence, the defendants would lock the doors and prevent us from going out," MN claimed to prosecutors."We were forced to agree because we had no other choice and we were forced also to be obedient to earn a living ... even during officials holidays we remained confined. During the confinement period, nobody treated us badly," she said.
jQuery Mobile Button Example
<!DOCTYPE html> <html> <head> <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"> <link rel="stylesheet" href="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.4.2/jquery.mobile-1.4.2.min.css"> <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.10.2.min.js"></script> <script src="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.4.2/jquery.mobile-1.4.2.min.js"></script> </head> <body> <section id="page1" data-role="page"> <header data-role="header"><h1>Concretepage</h1></header> <div class="content" data-role="content"> <h3>Buttons</h3> <input type="button" value="input Button" /> <button class="ui-btn">Button Tag</button> <a href="#" data-role="button">Link Button</a> </div> </div> <footer data-role="footer"><h1>Footer</h1></footer> </section> </body> </html>
<!DOCTYPE html> <html> <head> <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"> <link rel="stylesheet" href="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.4.2/jquery.mobile-1.4.2.min.css"> <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.10.2.min.js"></script> <script src="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.4.2/jquery.mobile-1.4.2.min.js"></script> </head> <body> <section id="page1" data-role="page"> <header data-role="header"><h1>Concretepage</h1></header> <div class="content" data-role="content"> <h3>Inline Buttons</h3> <a href="#" data-role="button" data-inline="true">Link Button1</a> <a href="#" data-role="button" data-inline="true">Link Button2</a> <a href="#" data-role="button" data-inline="true">Link Button3</a> <a href="#" data-role="button" data-inline="true">Link Button4</a> </div> </div> <footer data-role="footer"><h1>Footer</h1></footer> </section> </body> </html>
Button Control Groups
<!DOCTYPE html> <html> <head> <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"> <link rel="stylesheet" href="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.4.2/jquery.mobile-1.4.2.min.css"> <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.10.2.min.js"></script> <script src="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.4.2/jquery.mobile-1.4.2.min.js"></script> </head> <body> <section id="page1" data-role="page"> <header data-role="header"><h1>Concretepage</h1></header> <div class="content" data-role="content"> <h3>Control Group Buttons</h3> <div data-role="main" class="ui-content"> <div data-role="controlgroup" data-type="vertical"> <p>Vertical group (default):</p> <a href="#" class="ui-btn">Button 1</a> <a href="#" class="ui-btn">Button 2</a> <a href="#" class="ui-btn">Button 3</a> </div> <br> <div data-role="controlgroup" data-type="horizontal"> <p>Horizontal group:</p> <a href="#" class="ui-btn">Button 1</a> <a href="#" class="ui-btn">Button 2</a> <a href="#" class="ui-btn">Button 3</a> </div> </div> <footer data-role="footer"><h1>Footer</h1></footer> </section> </body> </html>
Buttons are simply HTML input elements. We can make more attractive and usable button by CSS3 on mobile device using jQuery Mobile Button. jQuery mobile framework convert automatically stylized button by class for mobile device and desktop computers. Buttons are created by input tag or button tag. jQuery mobile can also create buttons out of simple anchor links by applying data-role="button".In jQuery mobile, button can be created in three ways-1. By using the input tag in html code2. By using button tag with class ui-btn3. By using anchor link with class ui-btnFind the Output.In mobile page, buttons will stretch to fit the width of their containing element. By applying the data-inline="true" attribute to a button, you can create inline buttons that are only as big as their content requires.Find the Output.jQuery mobile button can also group together in control groups. It provides data-role ="controlgroup" for connecting button to each other. All buttons wrap in containing element and apply the data-role="controlgroup" to that container.Two types of attribute are used to set button position in mobile application, one is horizontal and another is vertical. By default, these control groups form a vertical list, but if you apply theattribute to the container the button will be rendered inline position.Find the Output.
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BORO'S chances of signing George Friend have been boosted by Doncaster's reluctant confirmation that they will off-load their top earners.
Rovers co-owner Dick Watson has revealed that he will listen to offers for any of his playing staff.
The clubs income is expected to drop by as much as 60% next season following relegation from the Championship.
And, despite the departure of several big earners at the end of last season, Doncasters wage bill remains unsustainable.
Our business plan calls for some of the players on the biggest wages to move on and be replaced by others, Watson told the Doncaster Free Press.
Manager Dean Saunders echoed Watsons sentiments, saying: Something has to give and, to get the budget down, players will be leaving.
Friend joined Rovers two years ago after being released by Wolves and penned a new deal last summer which tied him to the club until June 2013.
The 24-year-old can play at left-back, in the centre of defence and, when required, as a holding midfielder.
Mowbray wont want to pay over the odds for Friend and has other full-backs on his list of potential signings.
But he is keen to provide cover for Joe Bennett, particularly with Justin Hoyte, who deputised several times last season, out of contract at the end of the month.
Meanwhile Stephen McManus expected move to Bristol City may not be a certainty after all.
Reports have suggested that Richard Keogh, and not McManus, is the first choice defender on Ashton Gate boss Derek McInnes summer shopping list.
“We are reassessing the way we work and the way we tackle the issue,” Mauricio Méndez, deputy director of the Tempisque Conservation Area, which includes Ostional Beach, said in a telephone interview on Friday.
The olive ridley nesting season, from August through October, coincides with Costa Rica's rainy season, which ordinarily provides a natural barrier that protects the turtles. During that time, the beach is all but cut off by the flood tide of the swollen Nosara River, which blocks access on bridges. Even in the dry season, the beach is accessible only by a four-wheel-drive vehicle driven by a local guide.
But this year, low rainfall caused by El Niño left the river all but dry, making passage to the beach easy.
Mr. Méndez said officials were working on changes before the next arrival, expected on Oct. 4. He said he hoped to double the number of police officers and security guards, and even to bring in the Coast Guard. Groups will be allowed in only with guides and will be limited to the edges of the nesting area.
Image Thousands of Olive Ridley sea turtles returned to the sea when they found their nesting places crowded with tourists. Credit Sindicato de Trabajadores de MINAE
Despite the commotion, turtles still managed to lay some eggs, perhaps at night. Mr. Méndez and his team found many more eggs than they expected after the frolicking tourists went home.
Whether you've been a Manchester United supporter for 50 years or you never knew life before Fergie, every Red has surely got their own take on the Man Utd all-time best 11.
For a club with such rich history, narrowing down 11 names for that ultimate fantasy teamsheet is never an easy task. That's why the question “what is Man Utd's best ever 11?” has been the starting point for innumerable pub-table debates over the years, and will continue to provide fertile ground for beer-fuelled intellectualising by United fans for many generations to come.
With so many legendary names to have graced the Theatre of Dreams – from some absolute beasts at the back to some of the game's most elegant attacking talents, we really are spoiled for choice when picking the Man Utd the greatest XI.
We could hardly claim to be a proper Man Utd blog if we didn't tackle this age-old debate at some point – we thought about trying to distil this down into a definitive Manchester La La La XI, but that just felt too reductive. So instead, here are the views of 4 La La La writers, who all share their own Man Utd the best XI.
[wp_ad_camp_2]
Mike's Man Utd Best 11
Goalkeeper: Schmeichel
Without doubt, the greatest keeper ever to play for United and in the Premier league. Who can ever forget some of his incredible saves, but the one which stands out for me is against Arsenal in the 1999 Semi Final replay at Villa Park, where he saved Bergkamp's penalty and arguably took us onto the historic treble.
Right back: Gary Neville
United till I die – that was Gary. A brilliant positional defender, strong going forward, and with United blood coursing through his veins. A brilliantly emotional player who has to go down as one of Man Utd's best ever.
Left back: Roger Byrne
Captain of the Busby babes – a brilliant left full-back, and if he could captain that team, how can anyone leave him out of a Man Utd the greatest XI.
Centre back: Nemanja Vidic
Nemanja, woah, Nemanja, woah… A true warrior, he bled for the cause on numerous occasions. No striker looked forward to a Saturday afternoon with our Serbian soldier.
Centre back: Jaap Stam
Pure quality. It was a great shame he fell out with the boss – he was a tower of strength in the heart of the defence, and a great, great player.
Central midfield: Duncan Edwards
Arguably the greatest English footballer ever lived. A giant; a machine that just rolled over the opposition, so sadly taken away from us at just 21 years old in the tragedy of Munich, along with so many other fantastic players. My father used to tell me stories of the great Duncan Edwards, and how, in his opinion, he was the greatest player he ever saw. My father only passed 2 years ago at the age of 88, so he saw many a great player in his time. For an all-time best XI, Duncan is a must.
Central midfield: Roy Keane
There's only one Keano. As every United supporter will tell you we have never managed to replace Keano. I think in the last 20 years we can only say that about 2 players: Keano and Ronaldo. That's how good Keano was for United.
*Right wing: Cristiano Ronaldo
I don't need to say anything other than BRILLIANT. For me, watching United since 1958, he, along with Bestie, were the 2 greatest I ever saw playing for us, both wearing number 7.
Left wing: Ryan Giggs
An absolute legend – his record says it all. His loyalty to United was incredible, and I'm so happy to see him now at the side of LVG. Hopefully one day he will be ready to take complete control. There is so much to remember about his career, so many fantastic moments, but who can forget the greatest goal in FA Cup history, and that chest!
*Centre forward: George Best
Best, the boy who had the lot, with balance like no other player in the history of football. What a magnificent player – no words can describe him. Pele is widely regarded as the greatest footballer in history, and he says George Best was the greatest footballer of all time. Need I say more?
Striker: Denis Law
Law, oh Denis is our King, oh Denis is our King , oh Denis is our King… Adored by all 60s and early 70s reds, and when he back-heeled us into the old second division and all could see the sadness in his face and eyes, I think we just loved him even more. Denis will forever be our King.
*Best and Ronaldo would probably interchange positions in this formation, as they are both great on the wing and down the middle.
There are many great players not in this 11 – Cantona, Charlton, Beckham, Rio, Van Der Sar, Taylor, Scholes, Stiles, Robson, Irwin, Pegg, Coleman, Ruud, Bruce, Foulkes, Crerand and many others!
Maximan's Man Utd Best 11
Goalkeeper: Schmeichel
It goes without saying that this Danish giant was a demon between the posts. A benchmark against which every other goalkeeper since has been judged.
Right back: Gary Neville
A red through and through, never flinched or ducked out of a challenge, and who can forget kissing his badge to the Liverpool fans when Rio scored the late winner in 2007?!
Centre back: Steve Bruce
Brave, loyal, hard and a fine captain. Arguably won us our first Premier League title in '93 with those two extra time headers against Sheffield Wednesday.
Centre back: Nemanja Vidic
Only just gone, but not to be forgotten. A true warrior; aggressive, intelligent and a rock at the back. Who wouldn't go into battle with him as your leader.
Left back: Dennis Irwin
£350,000 from Oldham – what a servant. He had it all; speed, bravery, free kicks, crossing and penalties. Was and still is a really humble guy.
Central midfield: Paul Scholes
The Ginger Ninja. The man who Zinedine Zidane said was the best midfielder in the world. Known for placing pinpoint shots to the backs of players' heads in training while they were having a wee against the wall two hundred yards away.
Central midfield: Bryan Robson
Captain Courageous – a strong leader, full of skill and grit, and always knew when to arrive in the box to score that vital goal. Fergie's first general.
Right wing: George Best
The man Pele said was the best player in the world; nothing more to add.
Left wing: Ryan Giggs
Twenty plus years of service and a joy to watch in the nineties, tearing defences apart. A couple of dodgy years later on due to injury, but a credit to his profession. A footballer's footballer and now Assistant Manager of Manchester United.
Striker: Dennis Law
The King… cheeky, arrogant and a poacher par-excellence. Part of the legendary triumvirate that perfectly embodied Man Utd.
Striker: Ruud van Nistlerooy
If only he hadn't have pissed off Sir Alex, he'd still be banging them in! 150 goals in 219 appearances, he could make himself a goal as easy as my mum makes chicken soup!
Subs: Van Der Sar, Cantona, Keane, Ronaldo, Hughes
There are so many great players I would have in my team, and I'm sorry I missed out Pallister, Beckham, Rooney, Albiston, Whiteside, the Greenhoffs, Macari, Buchan, Moran, Pearson, Coppell, Hill, Charlton, Aston, Foulks and more!
[wp_ad_camp_2]
Alex's Man Utd Best 11
Goalkeeper: Peter Schmeichel
Commanding, fantastic distribution, fearless, amazing shot-stopper. Also, bacon adverts.
Right back: Gary Neville
A leader – bled United and would die for them. What he lacked in technical ability he made up for in effort and heart.
Centre backs: Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic
Has there been a better centre-back pairing in the last ten years? The latter is a bruiser and would put his head on the line, and the former could play it out from the back and was composed on the ball. The two read the game like no others, and were vital to our success in 07/08.
Left back: Denis Irwin
Irwin will always have a special place in my heart after signing my first autograph for me. An excellent full-back who could score a goal or two – Fergie rated him as one of his best signings, 'nuff said.
Right wing: David Beckham
Amazing crosser, great midfield goal scorer, vital to the success in 99. And you can't deny he had fantastic hair.
Central midfield: Bryan Robson
Robbo (aka Captain Marvel) was a player who I only managed to see in the latter stages of his United career; he was, nonetheless, amazing. Strong, great tackler and goal scorer. A complete midfielder.
Central midfield: Paul Scholes
It's Paul bloody Scholes – in my mind, the best player of my generation.
Left wing: Ryan Giggs
Beats Viera, beats Dixon, beats Keown, beats Dixon again, beats Adams, beats Seaman, gets out his rug chest.
Centre forward: Eric Cantona
Need I justify this choice? Eric was special, pure class, and invented je ne sais quoi before Henry had even stepped foot in a Renault. The reaction to “ze hooligan”, his general skill and link up play and the goals. Oh the beautiful artistic goals!
Striker: Cristiano Ronaldo
The pedants out there will lambast me for choosing Ronny as a striker, but he was/is that good he could play anywhere upfront, and did. Ronny often played as a striker, as his ability was unsurpassed by any of his United teammates. Balon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year winner, he is recognised as the best player in the world, rivalled only by Messi. I feel honoured to have seen him play and score his first hat-trick against Newcastle.
Ricky's Man Utd Best 11
It's only really fair for me to do this based on players I've seen play during my time actually watching United, hence omitting anyone basically before the early 80s – I can't really judge Bobby Charlton et al without having seen them consistently. So…
Goalkeeper: Schmeichel
Five-year-old me wants me to put Gary Bailey in goal, but then five-year-old me was still eleven years away from seeing Schmeichel basically win us the title in 95/96.
Right back: Gary Neville
Centre backs: Stam and Ferdinand
Left back: Dennis Irwin
Again, five-year-old me wants Arthur Albiston, but how can you ever fault Irwin?
Central midfield: Keane, Robson and Scholes
Forwards: Cantona, Van Nistelrooy and Ronaldo
Can I have a sub? It would have to be Whiteside! I wouldn't mind bringing Giggs or Rooney on as late subs too please.
So 4 writers, 4 different teams. But also some constants too. Schmeichel makes the cut in goal every time, and who could possibly argue with that (although Van Der Sar was a great goalie, and a great character, during his time at United.) Gary Neville was also the universal choice at right back (no contest), but otherwise, there was little clear consensus.
Who would you choose for your all-time the greatest Manchester United XI? Let us know in the comments below…
[wp_ad_camp_2]
A large chunk of the 120,000 Chromebooks deployed at Maryland's Montgomery County schools went down last week after computers using Symantec BlueCoat security software weren't able to handle TLS 1.3 connections that Google started supporting with the release of Chrome and Chrome OS 56.
According to a report filed on Google's bug tracker, the problem affected both Chrome OS users, who weren't able to log into their devices, and Chrome browser users, who weren't able to connect to websites (such as many Google services).
Tens of thousands of school computers affected
A representative of the Maryland Montgomery County said this issue surfaced after around 50,000 of the county's Chromebooks updated to Chrome OS 56. As soon as this happened, problems started arising.
"Anywhere upwards of 30% of those 50,000 Chromebooks are stuck in a state of flickering between a login screen and a 'Network not available' screen," the county representative said. "Occasionally, you can see a SSL_HANDSHAKE_ERROR briefly at the login screen before switching back to the 'Network not available' screen."
Similarly, "45,000 - 46,000 [non-Chromebook] PCs have updated themselves to Chrome 56. Not all PCs are broken, but some are," he added.
The Montgomery County school representative solely blames BlueCoat 6.5, "which doesn't appear to have native support for TLS 1.3."
Buggy TLS 1.3 support caused the problem
TLS 1.3 is the next iteration of the TLS protocol used in negotiating and establishing HTTPS connections. The TLS 1.3 standard isn't finished yet, but browser makers have already started supporting it in their products.
For example, Mozilla plans to roll out TLS 1.3 in Firefox 52, scheduled for release next week. Similarly, Microsoft is also experimenting with TLS 1.3 in Edge and has plans to roll it for Internet Explorer as well.
The Google engineers who investigated the recent issue said it was entirely the security product's fault.
"When Chrome attempts to connect via TLS 1.3, BlueCoat hangs up connection," the engineer said.
This happened because BlueCoat, acquired last year by Symantec, performs a man-in-the-middle operation to intercept HTTPS communications, inspects traffic for malicious threats, and reestablishes a TLS connection to relay traffic to its destination.
BlueCoat blamed for failing to support TLS 1.3
Google says that BlueCoat has failed to support TLS 1.3 even if the browser maker informed the company months in advance of its plans to add TLS 1.3 support to Chrome and Chrome OS 56.
"They were made aware of TLS 1.3 several months ago, but evidently did not test their software per our instructions," another Google engineer said.
New research published last month has shown that many antivirus vendors trash HTTPS connections in order to inspect traffic, but fail to set them up at the same level of security and privacy as they were before the MitM operation.
Google and Firefox security experts have also been one of the loudest critics of antivirus vendors who engage in this type of practice.
Google says that a proper way to have handled the TLS 1.3 error was if the incompatible security product had dropped TLS to 1.2 if it couldn't handle 1.3.
Problems fixed by downgrading to Chrome OS 55
In the meantime, the Montgomery County schools have reverted to Chrome and Chrome OS 55 and are now up and running.
Another way to mitigate the issue was if users would set up chrome://flags/#ssl-version-max to 1.2, which is a setting that tells the browser to never go above TLS 1.2.
Furthermore, even if it wasn't at fault, Google has stopped the rollout of TLS 1.3 in Chrome and ChromeOS 56.
"To be clear, ultimately this is an issue with proxies/firewalls that are not compatible with TLS 1.3," said a Google engineer. "A future version of Chrome will re-enable TLS 1.3."
BOSTON, MA - The Boston Bruins and the NHL announced today, July 19, the 2013-14 regular season schedule. The full schedule can be found below and all local and national broadcast information will be released at a later date.
The Eastern Conference Champions will open the season against the Tampa Bay Lightning at TD Garden on Thursday, October 3 at 7:00 p.m. ET.
Home highlights at TD Garden include: their annual day-after-Thanksgiving matinee home game on Friday, November 29, which will be against the New York Rangers at 1:00 p.m. ET and a Stanley Cup Final rematch with the Chicago Blackhawks on Thursday, March 27 at 7:00 p.m. ET. The B's longest homestand of the 2013-14 season is five games, from November 5 through November 14, where the Bruins will face Dallas, Florida, Toronto, Tampa Bay and Columbus.
Road highlights include two season-long four-game road trips. The first road swing will see the B's travel through Toronto, Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver from Sunday, December 8 through December 14. The second season-long road trip begins on Saturday, March 27 through Wednesday April 2, which will see the B's head through Washington, Philadelphia, Detroit and Toronto.
Fans interested in learning more about Boston Bruins players, or ticket options, should visit the team website at www.bostonbruins.com or call 617.624.BEAR.
BRUINS 2013-14 REGULAR SEASON SCHEDULE (ALL TIMES EASTERN TIME)
Thu. Oct. 03 Tampa Bay 7:00PMSat. Oct. 05 Detroit 7:00PMThu. Oct. 10 Colorado 7:00PMSat. Oct. 12 At Columbus 7:00PMMon. Oct. 14 Detroit 1:00PMThu. Oct. 17 At Florida 7:30PMSat. Oct. 19 At Tampa Bay 7:00PMWed. Oct. 23 At Buffalo 8:00PMThu. Oct. 24 San Jose 7:00PMSat. Oct. 26 New Jersey 7:00PMWed. Oct 30 At Pittsburgh 8:00PMThu. Oct 31 Anaheim 7:00PMSat. Nov. 02 At N.Y. Islanders 7:00PMTue. Nov. 05 Dallas 7:00PMThu. Nov. 07 Florida 7:00PMSat. Nov. 09 Toronto 7:00PMMon. Nov. 11 Tampa Bay 1:00PMThu. Nov. 14 Columbus 7:00PMFri. Nov. 15 At Ottawa 7:30PMMon. Nov. 18 At Carolina 7:00PMTue. Nov. 19 At N.Y. Rangers 7:30PMThu. Nov. 21 St. Louis 7:00PMSat. Nov. 23 Carolina 1:00PMMon. Nov. 25 Pittsburgh 7:00PMWed. Nov. 27 At Detroit 7:30PMFri. Nov. 29 N.Y. Rangers 1:00PMSat. Nov. 30 Columbus 7:00PMThu. Dec. 05 At Montreal 7:30PMSat. Dec. 07 Pittsburgh 7:00PMSun. Dec. 08 At Toronto 7:00PMTue. Dec. 10 At Calgary 9:30PMThu. Dec. 12 At Edmonton 9:30PMSat. Dec. 14 At Vancouver 10:00PMTue. Dec. 17 Calgary 7:00PMThu. Dec. 19 At Buffalo 7:00PMSat. Dec. 21 Buffalo 7:00PMMon. Dec. 23 At Nashville 8:00PMFri. Dec. 27 Ottawa 7:00PMSat. Dec. 28 At Ottawa 7:00PMTue. Dec. 31 N.Y. Islanders 7:00PMThu. Jan. 02 Nashville 7:00PMSat. Jan. 04 Winnipeg 1:00PMTue. Jan. 07 At Anaheim 10:00PMThu. Jan. 09 At Los Angeles 10:30PMSat. Jan. 11 At San Jose 10:30PMTue. Jan. 14 Toronto 7:00PMThu. Jan. 16 At Dallas 8:30PMSun. Jan. 19 At Chicago 3:00PMMon. Jan. 20 Los Angeles 1:00PMSat. Jan. 25 At Philadelphia 1:00PMMon. Jan. 27 At N.Y. Islanders 7:00PMTue. Jan. 28 Florida 7:00PMThu. Jan. 30 Montreal 7:00PMSat. Feb. 01 Edmonton 1:00PMTue. Feb. 04 Vancouver 7:00PMThu. Feb. 06 At St. Louis 8:00PMSat. Feb. 08 Ottawa 3:00PMWed. Feb. 26 At Buffalo 7:30PMSat. Mar. 01 Washington 1:00PMSun. Mar. 02 At N.Y. Rangers 7:00PMTue. Mar. 04 Florida 7:00PMThu. Mar. 06 Washington 7:00PMSat. Mar. 08 At Tampa Bay 7:00PMSun. Mar. 09 At Florida 5:00PMWed. Mar. 12 At Montreal 7:30PMThu. Mar. 13 Phoenix 7:00PMSat. Mar. 15 Carolina 1:00PMMon. Mar. 17 Minnesota 7:30PMTue. Mar. 18 At New Jersey 7:00PMFri. Mar. 21 At Colorado 9:00PMSat. Mar. 22 At Phoenix 9:00PMMon. Mar. 24 Montreal 7:30PMThu. Mar. 27 Chicago 7:00PMSat. Mar. 29 At Washington 12:30PMSun. Mar. 30 At Philadelphia 7:30PMWed. Apr. 02 At Detroit 8:00PMThu. Apr. 03 At Toronto 7:30PMSat. Apr. 05 Philadelphia 1:00PMTue. Apr. 08 At Minnesota 8:00PMThu. Apr. 10 At Winnipeg 8:00PMSat. Apr. 12 Buffalo 12:30PMSun. Apr. 13 At New Jersey 3:00PM
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University Boston University
Thomas Jefferson wouldn't get elected to President of the United States today. In addition to owning slaves and lacking public speaking skills, he'd still struggle in the polls due to his criticisms of organized religion, says historian Bruce J. Schulman.
Jefferson's unusual religious views—he didn't believe in the divinity of Jesus, and he advocated a strong separation of church and state—were a point of contention in the election of 1800, when the opposition “basically said any Christian has to vote against this essential atheist,” says Schulman, professor of history at Boston University.
But Jefferson was elected anyway, and is now revered as a founding father.
Faithful candidates
More than two centuries later, presidential candidates must publicly embrace a strong faith if they want to win. An incident in the 2016 race shows how times have changed.
“…overt irreligion or non-religion is something that's become more or less unacceptable.”
In May 2015, Hillary Clinton, a lifelong Methodist, walked into a South Carolina bakery while on the campaign trail and struck up a conversation with a customer about the passage he was reading in his Bible. Their talk gained Clinton his support. The former secretary of state's Bible knowledge “is important in my world,” the man, a Baptist minister, later explained to CNN. “I'd like to know that my president has some religious beliefs in God.”
Clinton may not trumpet her faith on the stump as much as some candidates do, but she knows how to use it to connect with people.
Today, says Schulman, “it's almost impossible to win the presidency without some show of serious religious commitment.”
How did we transform from a nation that could look past Jefferson's criticisms of religion and elect him president to one that wouldn't tolerate them? Religion, which has long been an “indispensable part of American public life,” is “perhaps more central to American politics than ever before,” Schulman and his coeditors write in Faithful Republic: Religion and Politics in Modern America (University of Pennsylvania Press, 2015).
The book considers the relationship between religion and politics from the early 20th century to the present—from church and state responses to the New Deal to the rise of the Religious Right in the 1970s. It also points out that while America is becoming increasingly secular—”Recent polling shows that the fastest-growing religious groups are nonbelievers and those who identify as ‘spiritual but not religious,'” the editors write—religion is taking anything but a backseat in presidential elections.
“In 2012, unease about Mitt Romney's Mormonism persisted among liberals and conservatives alike,” the editors write, and “in 2008, controversial liberation theology sermons by Reverend Jeremiah Wright threatened to undermine Barack Obama's candidacy (while a small minority of Americans doubted whether Obama was even a Christian).”
When tensions boiled
When Jefferson was running for president, elections were very different from what they are today. Voting was heavily restricted (largely to wealthy white men) and political parties were not as established as they are now. “You don't have candidates going around the country making speeches,” says Schulman, “so personal statements of faith are really not a part of political campaigns.”
One issue that nudged candidates' personal faith further into the electoral limelight was immigration. As waves of Catholics began arriving from Europe in the early 1800s, religious tensions boiled. Protestants believed Catholics' loyalty to the pope above other authorities made them unfit citizens. That suspicion lessened over time and with restrictions on mass immigration, says Schulman, but it was still potent enough to force John F. Kennedy to openly address his Catholicism in a speech in 1960 to reassure a nervous public.
Accused of being unpatriotic and a Catholic Communist, Kennedy downplayed his faith, assuring his audience of Protestant ministers that he believed “in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute.”
But candidates didn't really begin talking about their personal faith to win office until after the 1970s, says Schulman. Opposition to the secularism of the '60s, to abortion, and to measures that established a clearer separation between church and state, such as the banning of school-sponsored prayer, galvanized the Religious Right. Evangelicals would boost the campaigns of Republicans like Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and George W. Bush.
Evangelical influence
Now, “the role of evangelical Protestants is so strong,” says Schulman, that it shapes “the entire presidential selection process.”
Today, most Americans want a president of faith. In a 2014 Pew Research Center survey, 53 percent of Americans said they would be less likely to support a presidential candidate who does not believe in God. As recent elections have shown, they also expect presidential candidates to talk about their personal faith.
“The rise of the Religious Right has changed the landscape so that” in most of the United States overt religious expression is an expected part of our politics, says Schulman, “and overt irreligion or non-religion is something that's become more or less unacceptable.”
As they've watched religion help Republicans win the White House, Democrats have tried—with varying levels of success—to convince Americans they have the spiritual chops worthy of the Oval Office.
“It was a pretty widespread perception that one reason John Kerry lost in 2004 was because he just couldn't convey any sort of faith to the American people,” says Stephen Prothero, professor of religion. “He sort of seemed like a secularist, and people didn't like that. [It wasn't so much] that he was Catholic—it just seemed like he didn't have any piety. Democrats now have learned from that, and they talk about religion a lot.”
He notes that the strategy of “Hillary Clinton and Obama has been to co-opt efforts by Republicans to claim the Christian mantle for themselves and [their efforts] to claim that there's only one kind of Christianity.”
We can expect candidates to continue to play the faith card in 2016. Clinton will “talk more about [religion] as the election moves on,” he speculates.
Faith and strategy
If the Democratic Party's challenge knows when to talk about faith, the Republican Party's knows when to stop talking about it. A lineup including Mike Huckabee (an ordained Southern Baptist minister) and Ted Cruz and Ben Carson (both sons of ministers) guarantees strong testimonies of faith and plenty of references to God and morality. But candidates like these have to be careful: talking too much about religion and morals could cost them the Oval Office.
Prothero, whose new book Why Liberals Win the Culture Wars (Even When They Lose Elections) is due out in January 2016 from HarperOne, says he's joked that the Republican primaries could be the best thing for the Democratic Party.
“Culture war politics is very successful on the right for state and local elections, but it's not successful at the national level,” he says.
Voicing opposition to issues such as abortion and gay marriage in the primaries might fire up some GOP members, but can make hopefuls “look like fringe candidates” to others—never mind voters beyond the confines of the party, says Prothero. Faithful Republic cites Republican Rick Santorum's failed 2012 presidential bid as an example: the Catholic gained favor by opposing abortion and gay marriage, but not when he spoke out against contraception; he lost the nomination to Romney.
Prothero expects 2016 won't be much different, because, he says, “in order to win the Republican nomination you have to appeal to cultural conservatives.”
Is talking religion getting risky?
In the end, the politicization of religion could come back to haunt politicians—and church leaders. In fact, surveys of young people show this to be a contributing factor in the rise of the religiously unaffiliated, says Prothero. These so-called “nones,” expected to grow to roughly a quarter of the population in 2050, don't want to be associated with a party—or politicians—they may not agree with.
“I think the vitality of American religion has really been hurt by the recent push toward more and more religion in the political space,” he says. “And there are some evangelicals saying, ‘You know, we made a mistake. We need to get out of this political game, because our brand is being hurt.'”
But the entanglement of religion and politics can be used for good, as it was in the abolition and civil rights movements. And while voters in more secular countries are befuddled by the idea of voting for a candidate who waxes on about Jesus, the phenomenon is in some ways a reflection of our nation's history of religious freedom.
Since the US “didn't have a state church, religion was actually able to thrive more here,” says Prothero. Religion was freed, he explains, from the official political ties that damaged it in times of upheaval, like the French Revolution.
For good or ill, the ongoing importance of religion in US elections also shows that Americans still have a soft spot for faith—even if they're less likely to be found in the pews. In 2013, more than half of Americans said religion was “very important” in their lives and that it “can answer all or most of today's problems.”
Source: Julie Butters for Boston University
CHICAGO (Reuters) - By just about any definition, Walter H. Dyett High School has failed.
Walter H. Dyett High School principal Charles Campbell is seen in his office in Chicago, Illinois, in this photo taken on October 5, 2012. REUTERS/Jim Young
Just 10 percent can pass the state math exam; barely one in six is proficient in reading. The technology lab is so ancient, some of the computers still take 3-inch floppy disks. More teens drop out than graduate.
Yet when the Chicago Board of Education announced plans to shut the place down, it sparked a community uprising.
Students, parents and teachers have staged sit-ins outside the mayor's office; earlier this month, 10 were arrested for refusing to leave the fifth floor of City Hall. The protestors have held rallies. They've sued the school board. A group of students has filed a federal civil-rights complaint seeking to keep Dyett open.
Their quest to save a failed school may seem quixotic. But it is echoed in communities across the United States, as a rising anger at school closures takes hold.
The bipartisan education reform movement sweeping the nation - and promoted by President Barack Obama - calls for rating schools by their students' test scores and then taking drastic steps to overhaul the worst performers by firing the teachers, turning the schools over to private management or shutting them down altogether.
THE DOWNSIDE OF UPROOTING
Such policies have prompted waves of school closings in cities including Chicago, New York and Washington, D.C. Across the nation, nearly 2,000 public schools were shuttered in 2010-11, federal data show. That's up 60 percent from 10 years earlier.
To advocates, such restructuring is vital to the urgent work of improving public education. “You need bold moves and radical change,” said Eric Lerum, a vice president at StudentsFirst, a national education advocacy group.
But several studies, including a paper published in March in the Journal of Urban Economics, have found that displacing students through school closures can hurt them academically in the short term. The new research, conducted by the RAND Corp think tank, also found the closures didn't boost student achievement in the long term, even among those who transferred into schools considered far better.
Backed by teachers unions, which stand to lose members with each school that goes under, activists in Atlanta and Newark, N.J., in Philadelphia, Detroit and Oakland, Calif., have stormed school board meetings and organized student walkouts to protest closures. Chicago activist Jitu Brown even organized a small but feisty march on Washington this fall with parents and students from cities as far-flung as Wichita, Kansas, and Eupora, Mississippi.
SECOND-CLASS COLLEGE PREP
Brown, a burly man who roars with conviction, has focused the fight in Chicago on Dyett High, a sleek modernist structure of black steel and glass in the leafy, heavily African-American neighborhood known as Washington Park.
The district announced last year that Dyett would be phased out: It would accept no new students and would be shut down in 2015. Enrollment had been slipping for years, but officials said the decision was made solely because of Dyett's sorry academic record.
“There are some schools that are so far gone that you cannot save them,” Jean-Claude Brizard, then the chief of Chicago schools, told the local CBS affiliate. “There's got to be some hope left in the building for you to be able to turn a school around.”
District spokeswoman Becky Carroll added in an interview that many of those fighting to save schools slated for closure simply didn't understand how bad they really were because they had no frame of reference for comparison. “A lot of parents think their kids are going to a great school,” she said. “They don't have the context to know what's great and what's not.”
Students at Dyett have no illusion they're getting a top-flight education. They've seen the classes offered by schools in wealthier communities: Chinese, Latin and German, web design, forensic science, microeconomics. Because of its small size (enrollment has dipped below 300), Dyett gets less money from the district and offers just a bare-bones curriculum. Students cannot even take four full years of science or foreign language.
When O'Sha Dancy, a top student at Dyett, went to a recent college fair, he said recruiters told him that an “A” on his transcript wasn't as impressive as a “C” from a better public school.
“I don't believe they're getting me prepared for college,” he said.
THE CHARTER PROSPECT: JUST MORE CHASTENING?
Yet O'Sha, who plays cornerback for the Dyett football team, remains devoted to his high school. He has spent hours attending school board hearings, participating in community meetings and working with his peers to draft an impassioned letter to U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan, a former Chicago schools chief, asking for help saving Dyett. He even took his grandma to a sit-in outside Mayor Rahm Emanuel's office at City Hall.
District officials point out that many families in the area shun Dyett. In recent years, less than 30 percent of students living in the school's attendance zone have enrolled, district figures show. The others have chosen other schools. And there's clearly some apathy among those who have remained; just four adults showed up at a parent meeting the other night.
“That school should have been closed ... a long time ago,” said Tenesha Barner, who pulled her son out of Dyett last year because she found the teachers indifferent and the students unruly.
But Dyett's fans say they see great potential in the school.
Students and parents spent the past two years drafting a plan to turn Dyett into a “school of green technology and leadership,” brimming with hands-on science and community service projects. They secured pledges of investment from local universities and the teachers union and talked about hiring a social worker and nurse. But the district had already decided to shut Dyett down.
Even without the planned investments, Dyett's boosters say the school has strengths that don't show up in standardized test scores. Dyett collaborates with the Chicago Botanic Garden on a year-round “youth farm” where students grow spinach, sweet peas and strawberries. There's a brand-new athletic center, refurbished last year with corporate help. Tiles hand-painted by students form a mosaic of sparkling suns on one wall. The library, which had just seven books when Dyett was converted to a high school in 1999, has been steadily built up by community donations.
Pierre Williams, 16, is so loyal to Dyett that even though his family has moved out of the area, he continues to attend, taking a train and two busses to get there.
“I want to help keep my school strong,” he explained.
‘WE ARE VIEWED AS EXPENDABLE'
The passion for Dyett stems in part from fears over what might replace it.
In the past decade, the district has closed 15 schools in the largely African-American neighborhoods around Dyett. Nine have since reopened as charter schools, which are publicly funded but privately run.
By law, charter schools must select their students by blind lottery. But some have rules that make it tough for poor families with chaotic lives - including the many Dyett students who are homeless - to apply. Schools may require parents to buy uniforms and volunteer, for instance, or they may fine students for infractions such as arriving three minutes late. Once students enroll, they must follow strict behavior codes to keep their places; some charter high schools lose half of each incoming freshman class before graduation.
So while some charters get better test scores than Dyett, local activists don't see them as a replacement for the come-one, come-all neighborhood school.
If Dyett were to turn into a charter, it would be “something else that our children can't go to,” said Brown, the community activist.
Another concern: City data show charters often rely heavily on rookie teachers who aren't fully certified or rated as highly qualified in their fields. These novices, often white, replace veteran unionized teachers, many of them African American. That troubles some parents who say they want their kids exposed to black role models.
Dyett students who don't get into a selective school will be assigned to Phillips Academy, a public school that the district is trying to improve by hiring a private management team to run it. It's been slow going - attendance has improved, but test scores have dropped far below those at Dyett. Fewer than 1 percent of students passed the state math test last year and just 8 percent passed the reading test.
Students say the prospect of being shuffled from a bad school to a worse one - or taking their chances with charters - makes them feel like pawns.
“The only possible reason for this repeated forced removal into new and strange schools is that, being poor and African American, we are viewed as expendable,” they wrote in the letter to Duncan, which included a formal civil-rights complaint to the U.S. Department of Education.
The federal government has not responded to the complaint, and Chicago Public Schools denies discrimination by race or income. But in response to widespread complaints about its school closing decisions, Chicago officials recently appointed a commission to study possible changes in policy.
In the meantime, the district has sought to reassure parents that it's not giving up on any child.
Slideshow (11 Images)
Dyett has an energetic new principal, Charles Campbell, who says the district recently allocated $500,000 for him to buy new textbooks, hire a second guidance counselor and buy online programs to tutor students in math and reading (though the software runs slowly on the old computers).
Campbell tells his staff and students that just because Dyett failed in the past doesn't mean its last two years must be failures, too.
“We screwed up. I got that,” Campbell said. “Let's not keep screwing up.”
KUALA LUMPUR, 6 April 2016:
There were 827 applications for marriage below 16 years from the Muslim community last year, said Women, Family and Community Development Minister Datuk Seri Rohani Abdul Karim.
She said the Sarawak Council for Native Customs and Traditions recorded 294 such marriages for the same year.
“Such marriage for non-Muslims is void under the Law Reform (Marriage and Divorce) Act 1976,” she said in a written reply at the Dewan Rakyat here today.
She was replying to a question by Teo Nie Ching (DAP-Kulai) on the number of marriages involving Malaysians under 16 years old.
Teo also wanted the Women Family and Community Development Ministry (KPWKM) to state the measures taken to ban child marriages as Malaysia had accepted a UN resolution to ban child marriage in October 2013.
Rohani said in Malaysia, marriage laws are under family laws and administered separately for Muslims and non-Muslims.
“Muslim marriage is administered under the Islamic Family Law (Federal Territories) Enactment 1984 and the Islamic Family Law Enactment in the statex which provide for marriage under the age of 16 to obtain the approval of the Shariah Court.
“While for non-Muslims, Section 10 of Law Reform (Marriage and Divorce) Act 1976 provides for the minimum age for marriage at 18 years.
However, she said, a girl who has achieved 16 years could marry with the approval of the Chief Minister,.
She said the marriage customs were implemented and registered under the respective pribumi customs in Sarawak and the Native Courts Enactment 1992 in Sabah.
Meanwhile, Rohani said KPWKM had taken the stand that children should be given the opportunity to realise their full potential.
As such, she said, several measures were taken to combat underage marriage including creating a National Policy in Reproductive Health and Social Education and an action plan, setting up the underage marriage task force as well as kafe@TEEN teenager centre throughout the country to provide information relating to psychosocial issues and counselling.
The issue saw heated debate among the MPs before the Child (Amendment) Bill 2015 was passed after the third reading without any changes.
Datuk Dr Nik Mazian Nik Mohamad (PAS-Pasir Puteh) disagreed with Teo's contention that children should not be allowed to marry – saying it would not solve the problem if they wanted to go ahead and get married. Nik Maizan said it would also lead to promiscuity.
Siti Mariah Mahmud (AMANAH-Kota Raja) contended that allowing such marriages would not solve social ills and cited Islamic countries like Algeria, Egypt and Morroco which had set the minimum age for girls to get married at 18.
Datuk Noor Ehsanuddin Mohd Harun Narrashid (BN-Kota Tinggi) disagreed saying that there was no minimum age for marriage in Islam and as such this could not be questioned.
Rohani's deputy Datuk Azizah Mohd Dun when winding up debate said the amendments did not provide a minimum age (for marriage).
NIN Live: 2014
March 07, 2014, Sydney, Australia, Entertainment Centre
Setlist
Copy of A
Survivalism
Terrible Lie
March of the Pigs
Piggy
The Frail
The Wretched
The Warning
Came Back Haunted
All-Time Low
The Big Come Down
Gave Up
Ice Age (HTDA - w/Mariqueen)
BBB (HTDA - w/Mariqueen)
Wish
The Hand That Feeds
Head Like a Hole
Hurt
Show Memorabilia
Known Recordings
Source 1: Audio - AUD (Soundman OKM II Rock + Sony PCM-M10)
Taper: Matt G.
Time: 86 minutes
Rating: 3.5-4 out of 5
Hear a Sample: All-Time Low, 2 Minutes
Download the Full Show: .Zip File FLAC, 599.5 MB
Added to Archive: May 05th, 2014
Comments:
This was Matt G's first time recording and he started out with some impressive equipment. Very good recording, especially for one of his first recordings! I thank Matt for taping and sharing his source with the archive! The sound in this recording is good. There is some phasing throughout the show. Not sure if the mic was attached securely and there are moments of brick walling due to the amount of bass. Don't let that deter you from downloading. I think this is a fantastic tape, and probably the only source that will be available from this show.
As Hungary confirmed the number of migrants heading towards Europe to be in the range of 30-35 million, Germany is still refusing to put an upper-limit to the number of migrants it can accommodate. Berlin, unwilling to change its open border policy, is urging EU member states to take in their “fair share” of migrants. Germany's deputy Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel (Social Democrat) is calling for economic sanctions against East European countries, if they continue their opposition to Germany's (and EU's) generous stand on migrant intake.
Back home, mainstream media is in lockstep with the political establishment. From the “Die Linke”, successor of East-German communist party, to Angela Merkel's conservative Christian-Democrats, all significant political parties back the current course. German politicians and commentators are now boasting of a “political consensus” on migration policy.
Not satisfied with shutting down the debate on the political stage, German authorities are now taking on the dissent to its migration policy on internet and social media platforms. German government is pulling out all stops to ensure Facebook complies with its idea of acceptable speech. Wall Street journal reports:
German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said after a meeting with Facebook executives in Berlin that the ministry would coordinate the creation of a task force with Facebook and other Internet competitors to evaluate whether inappropriate content flagged by users falls under freedom of speech or is illegal under German law.
Furthermore, Facebook Inc. has agreed to fund activist groups to play vigilantes on the social media:
Facebook also said it would give financial support to organizations that collect complaints against online hate speech to help remove comments faster. The social network earlier in the day announced other measures, including a task force to encourage users to draft countermessages to hate speech on the Web and campaigns to generally strengthen antihate speech on the Internet.
In recent weeks, German authorities have shown zero-tolerance towards individuals posting critical or hateful comments on the social media and internet. Police have confiscated computers and courts have imposed heavy fines to the tune of thousands of Euros.
This judicial activism would come as a surprise to anyone who witnessed German authorities' inaction in face of massive anti-Semitic outbursts and violence during the Gaza conflict of 2014. Police across Germany failed to take action against demonstrators calling openly for violence against Jews. In July 2014, Police in Frankfurt allowed its megaphone-van to relay antisemitic hate. And when 3 men were arrested for burning the Synagogue in Wuppertal, courts acquitted them of hate crime — calling their crime an “act of protest [against Israel].” The men were found guilty of lesser charges and released on probation.
Same German authorities that were willing to extend “freedom of protest” to the burning of synagogues, and turned a blind eyes to anti-Semitic outbursts last year, are now acting surprisingly thin skinned in face of protests against their own policies.
Refusing a public debate on migration will only benefit Far-Right in Germany. Germany's official response of shutting down the debate and wishing for it to go away, might come at a heavy price.
(Cover image courtesy Phoenix, YouTube)
5 Signs You Could be a Terrific Language Translator
If you are asking yourself: “Should I become a translator?” today's post will answer your question.
When you start learning a foreign language you might think that you could never be proficient enough to translate it professionally. However, we all have to start off somewhere and then keep on improving. If you like the sound of working as a translator but are just starting out with a new language what are the main skills and characteristics you should have?
You Have to Love to Learn New Words
A top class translator needs to know a huge amount of words. This might sound obvious but not every language learner has the willingness to learn a lot of words. I have seen some people who learned the basics pretty well but then decided to settle for what they have learned to date instead of pushing on. A translator needs to be someone who sees a new word and thinks, “Wow, what does that mean?”
You Have to be Accurate
A lot of people seem to have a misconception about translating. Personally, I blame Hollywood, as I do with most things in life. You see, the only times we ever get to see language translation in the movies seems to be in fast moving scenes. These are usually set in the UN or somewhere similar and the star will have an earpiece on which relays a fast and complicated political speech into their ear to translate immediately. Sure, a movie about someone sitting in front of their PC for a few hours would be pretty dull but it would be nearer to the truth for most of us. Accuracy is far more important than speed in most cases, so if you pride yourself on getting the right words every time then you are on the right track.
You Have to Read a Lot
Reading a lot and choosing varied material is very important for anyone who wants to work in the world of translations. Ideally, you will read about the same sorts of subject you plan to work with. This is how you will pick up the best words, phrases and tones for the future.
You Have to Want to Travel
You can learn a foreign language well in your home country. However, if you want to reach the best possible level then you really need to immerse yourself in it at some point. If you don't have friends or relatives who speak the tongue then this means travelling to where it is spoken. Of course, the first time you do this you will probably get a shock, as you realise that you still have a lot to learn. This is fine, as we will see in the final point.
You Have to be Willing to Give It Time
The very best translators have spent years or decades studying the languages they work with while learning to love them. Even if you start off really strongly you can't expect to be a top class translator right away. It is, instead, something you need to work on over time. If you are in the beginning stages then you will want to get to off to a strong start with testing your language skills.
After that, it is up to you to find the inspiration and motivation to carry on learning over the years.
Bio
Robert is a UK writer who has discovered a passion for learning foreign languages. He writes for Listen and Learn, a company that offers great resources for new and experienced learners.
Photo
The police in a small town on China's border with North Korea say three residents were killed early on Saturday, raising concerns of another attack by rogue North Korean soldiers crossing into the country to steal food and money.
The authorities in Helong, in Jilin Province, announced on a government microblog that a 55-year-old man, his 26-year-old daughter and a 67-year-old man had all been killed, without giving further details.
The South Korean broadcaster KBS reported on Tuesday that the three had been killed by three North Korean soldiers. Quoting local residents, KBS said the soldiers fled and were being pursued by the Chinese police in a large-scale manhunt.
A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Hong Lei, declined to comment on the South Korean report of North Korean suspects when asked during a regularly scheduled news conference on Wednesday. But he confirmed the local government statement that three Chinese citizens had been killed, and he said that the police were investigating.
The case is likely to renew fears in northeastern China. While North Korea gives its military high priority for food supplies, low-level soldiers are not always well fed. The prosperity of Chinese citizens just across the border makes them a target for desperate North Koreans.
Beijing formally complained to Pyongyang after a North Korean soldier who had crossed the border killed four Chinese civilians in December. The soldier, who was armed with a gun, was hungry and trying to rob his victims, according to a report in the Chinese state news media. The soldier was injured during his arrest in China and died in custody. Last September, a North Korean civilian who had crossed the border killed a family of three in a robbery attempt.
Although China is one of North Korea's few allies, some analysts believe that the relationship has deteriorated since the death of Kim Jong-il in 2011. The country's new leader, Mr. Kim's son Kim Jong-un, is expected to make his first trip abroad not to China but to Russia in May to observe the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II.
Follow Austin Ramzy on Twitter at @austinramzy.
About
Visit Our Web Site for more information on Outer Rings Currently in production for almost any table manufactured click here
The video shows the current Outer Record Clamp Flattening a record on our AVRO Turntable,
NEW - SCROLL TO BOTTOM TO SEE PICTURES OF ALL OF THE REWARDS - 3 NEW REWARDS NOW OFFERED - The gifts we offer will fit the Technics AND ALL TABLES LISTED BELOW turntables and thank you for your assistance.
The ring shown in the picture and video are nearly visually identical to the 1200 Series Outer Record Clamp that will be shipped.
The outer ring is designed to flatten warped records, reduce stylus resonance, and improve tone arm tracking resulting in a huge reduction of record distortion and more energy and dynamics on playback of vinyl.
Why Back this Project?
vinylhound (google it) - 1200 Owners who modded table to test the performance!!
"This is awesome news. I am sure that a lot of 1200 owners will snatch them up. I can get you as many more pictures as you need. I have no real way of doing any video but I will see what I can do. Here is what I have found in using the ring and weight on my table: Better detail especially in the high frequencies Much tighter and more pronounced bass A complete absence of distortion in the high frequencies. There was plenty before the addition of the ring and weight. A serious drop in sub-sonic table and/or surface noise. Again, plenty before the addition. Of course there is the total flatness of the vinyl on the platter as well. The stereo imaging and sound-stage has improved."
Reduce Motor rumble
Massive flywheel effect improves rotational stability
Bring the Technics Direct Drive to true High Fidelity Vinyl Playback !!
Play old records with reduced surface noise
Play ANY Warped record
Visit our Website for more information click now
See Our CNC Aerospace Machine shop click now
We have had literally 100'S of requests over the last 3 years to manufacture an outer ring for the Technics 1200 Series Direct Drive. We have a new customer who has made some modifications to his turntable to clear the power switch and also modified the setting tool to clear the post.
We will reengineer the ring to fit without modifications to the turntable!
Expect a 25 to 50% reduction in record noise and distortion, we have over 3000 customer worldwide using our outer record clamp.
The PRODUCTS WILL FIT THE FOLLOWING TURNTABLES
We will retool and produce this new ring for the 1200 and provide those backers with superb and high value rewards from $30.00 and up. Will fit the following Technics Turntables. Technics SL1210 M5G (SL1200 MK2, MK3, MK3D, MK5 & M5G
Also will fit the Audio Technica Series AT-LP1240 (USB)i
Also will fit Pioneer PLX-1000
Also will fit Pioneer Stanton HP-150
TTW Audio (LJT Manufacturing) is a Canadian based owned and operated by myself Larry Denham, and wife Christine. We are a CNC Aerospace and Analogue Gear Manufacturer, currently producing the world's only Rim Drive Copper Platter Turntables and our best selling and most effective (CLICK LINK FOR MORE VIDEO) product the Outer Ring - A periphery record Clamp from 2008 to the present day that fits 99% of turntables.
Only you can make it happen !!
Cheers and keep the vinyl revolution ALIVE!
Thanking you in advance for your support,
Larry Denham, President
TTW Audio Website
We are offering many beautiful turntable accessories for your Rewards!
The Polished Solid Brass Turntable Level
The 45 RPM Universal fit Record Adpaptor and Center Weight !!
TTW Classic Turntable Center Record Weight 1LB, universal fit great for Technics!
TTSuper Middle Weight V2 (2.2 Lbs - 1 KG)
New !! Intro Price: Carbon Fibre LP Turntable Platter Mat NEW EPOXY COATED!
TTCopperHead 3.125 lbs(1.42 Kgs) Protective Coating
Technics 1200 Outer Periphery Record Clamp
Outer Ring review
Stereophile Turntable Reviews
Local authorities said on Saturday that five bodies were discovered in the middle-class area of Navarte on the outskirts of Mexico City.
Police found the bodies with their hands tied and some showing apparent signs of torture, said police.
One of the bodies was identified as Ruben Espinosa, a photojournalist for Mexico's investigative reporting magazine "Proceso."
According to Proceso, Espinosa - who also worked for other publications - went into "self-exile" from the eastern state of Veracruz, where he felt threatened.
In January, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) reported confirmation of four journalists killed for their work since 2011, adding that it was still investigating at least six other deaths.
The bodies were discovered after neighbors alerted the police on Friday night, according to the Mexico City prosecutor's office.
Mexico has experienced a wave of brutal violence linked to drug cartels since 2006, when the government launched a military campaign against organized crime.
Cartel-linked violence has left more than 100,000 dead and 22,000 disappeared, mostly in the country's northern regions near the US border.
Mexico City has witnessed fewer cases of violence linked to the drug trade, in comparison with many other parts of the country.
ls/gsw (AP, AFP, EFE)
Trump's executive orders call for thousands more immigration enforcement officers and border patrol agents, but are largely silent on immigration courts, which face a backlog of more than a half-million cases. Judges, unable to keep up with the caseload, are scheduling hearings years out.
Charles Reed/U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement / AP
ARLINGTON, Va. — In a small, windowless courtroom on the second floor of an office building, Judge Rodger Harris heard a string of bond requests on Tuesday morning from immigrants held in jail as they faced deportation. The detainees appeared by video from detention facilities elsewhere in the state. Harris, an immigration judge since 2007, used a remote control to move the camera around in his courtroom so the detainees could see their lawyers appearing in-person before the judge, if they had one. The lawyers spoke about their clients' family ties, job history, and forthcoming asylum petitions, and downplayed any previous criminal record. In cases where Harris agreed to set bond — the amounts ranged from $8,000 to $20,000 — he had the same message for the detainees: if they paid bond and were set free until their next court date, it would mean a delay in their case. Hearings set for March or April would be pushed back until at least the summer, he said. But a couple of months is nothing compared to timelines that some immigration cases are on now. Judges and lawyers interviewed by BuzzFeed News described hearings scheduled four, five, or even six years out. Already facing a crushing caseload, immigration judges are bracing for more strain as the Trump administration pushes ahead with an aggressive ramp-up of immigration enforcement with no public commitment so far to aid backlogged courts. Immigration courts, despite their name, are actually an arm of the US Department of Justice. The DOJ seal — with the Latin motto “qui pro domina justitia sequitur,” which roughly translates to, “who prosecutes on behalf of justice” — hung on the wall behind Harris in his courtroom in Virginia. Lawyers from the US Department of Homeland Security prosecute cases. Rulings can be appealed to the Board of Immigration Appeals, which is also part of the Justice Department, and then to a federal appeals court. As of the end of January, there were more than 540,000 cases pending in immigration courts. President Trump signed executive orders in late January that expanded immigration enforcement priorities and called for thousands of additional enforcement officers and border patrol officers. But the orders are largely silent on immigration courts, where there are dozens of vacant judgeships. And beyond filling the vacancies, the union of immigration judges says more judges are needed to handle the caseload, as well as more space, technological upgrades, and other resources. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly acknowledged the immigration court backlog in a memorandum released this week that provided new details about how the department would carry out Trump's orders. Kelly lamented the “unacceptable delay” in immigration court cases that allowed individuals who illegally entered the United States to remain here for years. The administration hasn't announced plans to increase the number of immigration judges or to provide more funding and resources. It also isn't clear yet if immigration judges and court staff are exempt from a government-wide hiring freeze that Trump signed shortly after he took office. There are 73 vacancies in immigration courts, out of 374 judgeships authorized by Congress. “Everybody's pretty stressed,” said Paul Schmidt, who retired as an immigration judge in June. “How are you going to throw more cases into a court with 530,000 pending cases? It isn't going to work.”
Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP Judge Dana Leigh Marks
Judge Dana Leigh Marks, an immigration judge in San Francisco and president of the National Association of Immigration Judges, said judges have not been formally advised about whether the hiring freeze applies to immigration courts. Kathryn Mattingly, a spokeswoman for the Executive Office for Immigration Review — the Justice Department office that runs immigration courts — said in an email that the office is working with DOJ officials to come up with “guidance that may address specific positions.” According to Mattingly, there are more than 50 immigration judge candidates at various stages of the hiring process. In setting immigration enforcement priorities, the Obama administration focused on individuals involved in gang activity and convicted of felony and “significant” misdemeanor crimes. The Trump administration is casting a wider net, prioritizing deportation for any immigrant unlawfully in the United States who is charged with or convicted of a crime. Trump's executive orders call for the construction of more detention facilities near the southern border and the hiring of 10,000 more immigration officers and 5,000 more border patrol agents. The only explicit reference to immigration courts in these orders directs the US attorney general to assign judges to detention facilities. That could mean flying judges to border states with large numbers of detainees, if there's space to accommodate them, or holding hearings by video, which lawyers say can put individuals facing deportation at a disadvantage, especially if they don't have a lawyer.
"We actually hear it from both immigrants and people who want strong enforcement policies that the length of time these cases are pending is way too long and should be addressed."
“All of those logistical considerations are daunting,” Marks said. Without more judges to augment what Marks described as an “anemic judge corps,” especially as Homeland Security hires thousands of more immigration enforcement officers, more cases means more delays, she said. According to Mattingly, the immigration review office is “evaluating” the executive orders and “having discussions with the Department of Justice regarding implementation.” Requests to interview office director Juan Osuna or Chief Immigration Judge MaryBeth Keller were declined. The immigration review office "recognizes that to reduce the pending caseload and wait times for those in proceedings, the agency must continue its hiring initiative to increase the size of its immigration judge corps and must increase support staff, in the field and at headquarters, accordingly," Mattingly said. Plagued by delays There are immigration courts in 27 states, plus Puerto Rico and the Northern Mariana Islands. The National Association of Immigration Judges has long advocated for immigration courts to become independent from the Justice Department, under a structure similar to the US Tax Court. The president can remove Tax Court judges, but otherwise it operates as an independent entity within the executive branch. The union says this type of structure would give courts more control over dockets and staffing, and bolster public trust. The US Government Accountability Office is studying proposed options to restructure immigration courts in response to a 2015 request from Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy and Democratic Rep. Zoe Lofgren; the office expects to finish the study by the summer, according to a GAO spokesman. For now, Attorney General Jeff Sessions is in control. The attorney general signs off on all immigration judge appointments. Sessions also has the authority to overrule decisions by the Board of Immigration Appeals. Greg Chen, director of advocacy for the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said the group is watching to see if Sessions — a proponent of hardline immigration policies — moves to bring in judges who align with his views. Political screening is a sensitive issue for the immigration courts. The Justice Department's inspector general concluded in a 2008 report that department officials improperly adopted a political test for immigration judges during the second Bush administration. “We would hope that kind of ideology doesn't infect the process,” Chen said.
Kevin Lamarque / Reuters US Attorney General Jeff Sessions
Even if Sessions does move now to fill the current vacancies, it could be years before the courts are at full strength. It can take as long as three years to hire a new immigration judge, according to judges and lawyers familiar with the process. The most recent class of immigration judges was hired in early January.
And even if Sessions does fill all the existing judgeships, Schmidt said it still wouldn't be enough to tackle the backlog. At most, an experienced judge could handle about 750 cases annually without rushing through proceedings and “stomping over everybody's due process rights,” he said. With 374 judges, that comes out to about 280,000 cases per year — far short of the current number of pending cases. Detainees get priority in immigration courts. As of the end of January, there were 20,856 pending detained cases, according to the latest statistics available from the Justice Department, out of more than 540,000 pending cases. Trump's executive orders and Kelly's guidance memos stress that priority will be placed on holding people facing deportation rather than releasing them, so those cases would go the top of the docket. Kelly criticized the immigration court delays because they meant that immigrants who were illegally in the United States could stay longer. Immigrants with work authorization before they enter into removal proceedings in court — green card holders, for instance — keep that status while their case is pending, and asylum seekers can be eligible for work authorization under limited circumstances. Generally, undocumented immigrants face the same job prospects that they did before they were picked up by immigration officers — working off the books, or self-employment. During the long stretches in between hearings, Marks said additional problems can arise: evidence can go stale and witnesses can move away or die. “We actually hear it from both immigrants and people who want strong enforcement policies that the length of time these cases are pending is way too long and should be addressed,” he said. Easing the backlog Chief Immigration Judge MaryBeth Keller took steps in January to try to ease some of the strain. She issued a memorandum that revised the types of cases considered priorities. The top priority is individuals held by the Department of Homeland Security. She rescinded earlier memos that prioritized classes of unaccompanied children who were not in the care of federal agencies and families who were not detained.
"If you're going to move these many cases in, you're going to have to do something with the cases that are there now."
It wasn't clear from the memo, dated Jan. 31, if it was drafted in response to the Trump administration's new enforcement priorities — Trump signed the two executive orders on immigration enforcement on Jan. 25 — or if it was already in the works when Trump took office. A spokeswoman for the Executive Office for Immigration Review said the priorities outlined in the Jan. 31 memo “reflect the present state of the immigration system and EOIR's efforts to adapt as the immigration landscape changes.” Eliza Klein, an immigration lawyer who retired as an immigration judge in 2015, said that Keller's memo provided some relief to judges. But given the expanded enforcement expected under the Trump administration, she said, “the sense is that might be temporary.” Kelly addressed the immigration court backlog in his guidance memo this week, writing that the “surge of illegal immigration at the southern border has overwhelmed federal agencies and resources.” He said the department would expand the class of immigrants who can be immediately removed from the United States without first going before an immigration judge.
Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP President Trump with Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly
In the past, this “expedited removal” process was applied to immigrants illegally in the United States caught within 100 miles of the border and two weeks of entry. It now will apply nationwide to immigrants who can't prove that they have been in the US for at least two years. Those cases could still end up in court, though, if an immigrant seeks asylum or expresses a fear of persecution if they're sent back to their home country. There are also carve-outs for children crossing the border alone and individuals who claim they have a legal right to be in the United States. Schmidt said that expanding expedited removal won't be enough to address the backlog. “If you're going to move these many cases in, you're going to have to do something with the cases that are there now,” he said. “Grant them some kind of temporary status, and make room for new cases. But you can't throw new cases on top of what you had.” Given the Trump administration's hardline approach to immigration so far, any new proposal that goes beyond existing programs to grant immigrants facing deportation temporary legal status to remain in the United States seems unlikely to go far. With the exception of two existing deferred deportation programs, Kelly wrote in one of his guidance memos this week that “the Department no longer will exempt classes or categories of removable aliens from potential enforcement.”
I have posted before about people dreaming about Donald Trump. In fact, I made it the subject of a social dream language video last August. From the video:
Donald Trump is being rung like a bell in the collective consciousness of humanity right now.
More recently, I noted again that the Trump dreams had continued:
The Trump trend is not just interesting, it is also hugely statistically significant. Trump dreams, in fact, are currently more common than Obama dreams.
This trend continued to accelerate, almost exponentially, until plateauing this month:
It's hard to describe just how absurd the number of dreams involving Trump on Twitter is right now, but Donald Trump dreams account for .8% of all dreams described in the last 3 weeks. Compare this to Bernie, who is also trending, having plateaued since January, yet accounts for only .02%.
In these absolute terms, the surge of Trump dreams is even more significant than ebola. It's the craziest thing I've seen to date in the data.
what does it mean?
I hesitate to even speculate; I'd rather provide you the data and let you make your own conclusions.
I will say this. As the establishment does everything it can to stop him, Trump increasingly becomes a symbol of rejecting the deep state, the ruling cryptocracy. Each time the hidden hand uses another of its puppets—even the pope!— to try to strike him down, he is further empowered, not as a man, but as an archetype.
These are powerful forces, make no mistake. An egregore can quickly outgrow the man, and just as Esoteric Hitlerism contends that Hitler was the ninth avatar of Vishnu:
Hiter was the god-like Individual of our times; the Man against Time; the greatest European of all time
Are there indications that esoteric trumpism is on the rise? Could Trump be seen as the 10th avatar of Vishnu?
@YetiChicken Woke up this morning from an amazing dream where I was debating Donald Trump as Vishnu? — Yeti Chicken (@YetiChicken) March 28, 2016
The Huffington Post is certainly helping the idea reach people:
And it's picking up momentum:
This is not the regular election nonsense; it's beyond the usual media coverage bleeding into dreams. Reality is shifting and associations with some of the most primal and powerful archetypes in our collective human psyche are at play.
How powerful?
Today, for Easter, effigies are being burnt in Mexico:
… and a Trump tombstone appeared in Central Park:
Be careful, stay grounded, and keep taking baby steps towards the future you want to build.
After posting the screenshot of the new Internet Explorer 8 Beta 1 toolbar yesterday, I've heard a lot of people complain about how wide (vertically) the toolbars have become. Understandably that was a concern to many users because a browser should devote as many pixels as it could for the content and not itself.
The assumption comes from IE8 having twice as many toolbars as IE7 did, and thus it was perfectly reasonable to come to the conclusion it took up twice as much screen real-estate. Because I had posted a resized image of the interface, it was difficult to prove if that was indeed the case.
In response, I made this original-size side-by-side comparison of the two browser interfaces.
(Left) Internet Explorer 8 Beta 1 toolbar. (Right) Internet Explorer 7 toolbar with links menu enabled.
(Left) Internet Explorer 8 Beta 1 toolbar. (Right) Internet Explorer 7 toolbar without links menu enabled.
As you can see, the IE8 interface is barely any larger than the IE7 interface. The exact different is only 8 pixels. The tabs too are identical at 33px high. By removing the border above the tabs and joining together the two toolbars, it really looks much more spaced out at the cost of barely anything. In my opinion, it's well worth the difference.
Update: A few people have pointed out because IE7 doesn't enable the links menu by default, it was not an accurate representation of the IE7 interface. I've now added another comparison with the links menu disabled. The difference now becomes 30 pixels. However I should add I don't think this is fair comparison and I'm also pretty sure the links menu in IE8 can too be disabled.
Speaking of which, I took the quick opportunity to also make a comparison with Firefox 2. Granted it's a bit of an apple vs. oranges comparison, the difference is a staggering 20 pixels.
The pilot project has been launched in collaboration with the K-P Information Technology Board
PESHAWAR: The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (K-P) government rolled out on Monday the province's first online treatment facility, E-Ilaj, aiming to dispense specialised healthcare services in far-flung areas.
The pilot project, launched in the Bilahi area of district Mansehra in collaboration with the K-P Information Technology Board, aims to lessen the burden on tertiary care hospitals.
According to health minister Shahram Khan Tarakai, the project will be expanded to other districts in the near future.
Officials privy to the development said the project has been launched as government was unable to post specialised doctors at every Basic Health Unit across the province.
Residents had to travel from hilly areas to cities in search of health care facilities, Tarakai added.
Health officials say specialised doctors will be connected to these centers via high speed internet connectivity as well as staff being deputed at centers directly connecting patients to doctors sitting in Peshawar.
“This center will offer services for patients with cardiac problems, mother and child health, skin and ENT besides other issues on the spot where five specialised doctors will be offer services under one roof,” Tarakai informed.
Doctors, he added, would be available from 9am to 2pm.
“There is a dire need for health care services in far-flung areas and it does not make sense for residents having to travel all the way to Mansehra to do so,” he said.
“Once the project achieves its goals in this area, it will be expanded further to other parts of the province as well,” the health minister added.
The center is equipped with diagnostic laboratory as well as electrocardiogram (ECG) for patients with cardiac problems.
Managing Director KPITB Dr Shahbaz Khan said the board would continue to act as a catalyst in digital transformation of K-P, making the province standout as a role model in E-Governance.
A brief primer, via dleaguedigest, on the new NBA two-way contracts clears up the confusion surrounding them.
How do the new contracts affect the Miami Heat salary cap?
“A player an NBA team wishes to designate with a two-way contract will receive $50,000 in training camp, a number that is paid by the NBA D-League and is not a salary cap hit against the NBA team.”
Are players are limited in how long they can shuttle between teams?
“A player on a two-way contract can spend a maximum of 45 days with the NBA team, at which [point] they will earn 1/170 of the rookie minimum contract per day.” “According to a source, a player can earn approximately $275,000 per contract if they meet the maximum requirements.”
After 45 days in the NBA they must be signed to a regular contract or released as free agents.
Can any player sign a two-way contract?
“Anyone with three years or fewer NBA service.” “Players can sign either one-or-two-year two-way contracts with an NBA team, with the exception of players having three years of service in the NBA (they may only sign a one-year deal).”
Can the Heat sign players to the two-way contracts anytime?
“According to a source, January 15th is the deadline for two-way contracts to be signed each season.”
Larry Coon pointed three additional team-friendly advantages of the new rules.
“Players accrue Bird rights (toward free agency) while on two-way contracts, and they are subject to restricted free agency at the end of their contracts if they were called up by the parent NBA team for at least 15 days of the previous season.” “As with NBA players on D-League assignment, the parent team retains full rights to its two-way players. Poaching, at least for the two-way players, is no longer a worry for NBA GM's.” “Two-way players can be traded. However, they can't be traded for 30 days after they are signed, and trades of two-way players don't generate trade exceptions for the parent team.”
The new two-way contracts make the competition for floor time more intense among team members. Tyler Johnson and Hassan Whiteside are both D-League alumni, whom the team molded into quality players. Given the ability to sign second and third-year NBA-experienced athletes, Heat development culture might give seasoned players another chance to plead their case, for up to 45 days in Miami, and improve the team during the course of the season should they be signed to a regular contract.
For the Heat, signing two players before Jan. 15th gives them some breathing room to be outside of the 15-man roster limitation should someone become disabled anytime during the season for a month or so. A D-Leaguer might sign up because of the potential to earn up to $275,000 should he see action in the maximum of 45 days.
The 45 days compares favorably to 10-day contracts, which might cover only 3 or 4 games. The replacement talent level would inferior to an injured starter, but when several incidences occur at once any help is appreciated. An added bonus would be when a player breaks out with an outstanding effort when given a chance, such as Josh Richardson had in his rookie season.
Importantly the two-way deals count towards Bird Rights, which allow teams to go over the cap space if they sign player after two seasons. This works best for high-risk, high-upside players, who need to develop their game up to NBA standards or stay healthy for a season or two. Someone like Briante Weber, who was passed over due to his torn ACL, would be an example of a player having to prove he could come back at full strength.
If Miami can free up Chris Bosh's roster spot, that move would allow their 2017 draft selection to become the fifteen man on the roster. According to mock draft scenarios the pick likely would be a front court player. Since the draft is on June 22, 2017, the Heat will have a better idea on who to pursue from other teams, if anyone, once free agency starts on July 1.
Retaining both James Johnson and Dion Waiters will leave a potential starting foursome of Hassan Whiteside, Goran Dragic, Waiters and Johnson. The fifth starting spot will be a battle among several candidates to earn the distinction. Competition for the rotation squad will be spirited, as a quality bench is essential during the course of the long season.
Last season Derrick Williams seemed like the front-runner for power forward, but Johnson won over the hearts of Heat fans with his inspired performance during the course of the season and snagged the power forward position. Using the same exact formula as the Heat did with JJ, the last starting spot on the team won't be automatically given to Justise Winslow, but earned by merit alone on deciding who deserves to become a starter.
The candidates from last year to fill out the rotation include Winslow, Luke Babbitt, Rodney McGruder, Josh Richardson, Josh McRoberts, Tyler Johnson, Wayne Ellington, Willie Reed, Okaro White. They don't include a possible trade or free-agent signing for an elite player(s) to upgrade the roster to championship caliber. Usually first-round draft choices don't earn starting spots in their rookie season.
Last season Johnson and Johnson thrived off the bench, but this is a new season, which calls for adjustments by the Heat to become more than a 41-41 team. The extra two roster spots guarantee increased depth and help as needed, with the perspective that the future for Miami is now.
The Dodgers did not make players available to most of the media Friday in the wake of Thursday night's 3-2 loss to the Mets and elimination from the National League Division Series, but did grant access to Alanna Rizzo of the Dodgers-owned Sportsnet LA.
LOS ANGELES -- Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw said on Friday he hopes Dodgers management brings back manager Don Mattingly.
The Dodgers did not make players available to most of the media Friday in the wake of Thursday night's 3-2 loss to the Mets and elimination from the National League Division Series, but did grant access to Alanna Rizzo of the Dodgers-owned Sportsnet LA.
Kershaw said he hopes Zack Greinke, who has an opt-out in his contract, returns. And he said he hopes the same for Mattingly, who has one year remaining on his contract, but is in limbo after being unable to reach the World Series, despite three consecutive division titles.
"I'm in Donnie's corner, too," Kershaw said to Sportsnet LA. "I love Donnie, known him for long time, played for him and Joe [Torre], the only two managers I've played for. Obviously I have a ton of respect for him. It would be good to have him back as well."
Although Kershaw has been through five postseason eliminations in eight Major League seasons, he still sounded surprised.
"It always ends so fast, you never really expect it to end and when it does it take a long time to process," he said. "It's kind of a depressing day, cleaning out your locker. You spend eight months with your teammates and then four months without.
"Every year is different. This year was a lot of fun, I got to know new pitchers in Brett [Anderson] and Brandon [McCarthy] and saw the work ethic from [Hyun-Jin Ryu]. Getting to watch Zack is amazing and I hope he comes back, I consider him a good friend. One more year together and we might do something special, for once. I want Zack back, no question about it. There are a lot of good pitchers on the free-agent market, but no one I want here more than Zack."
One of Kim Jong-un's top aides has not been seen for months and may even have been executed after being accused of 'impudence', it has been claimed.
Kim's former confidante Hwang Pyong-So vanished as part of a purge of senior military figures in North Korea during a bid by the dictator to reduce the influence of the powerful army.
Hwang, the head of the military's powerful General Political Bureau, was once seen as the second most powerful man in the secretive country.
Former friends: 'Punished' military leader Hwang Pyong So, left, stands near North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in this April, 2017 photo
But he was last seen in public in early October at a gymnastics gala and, according to South Korean newspaper, JoongAng Ilbo, it is not known if he is still alive.
Since taking power in 2011, North Korea's young leader has brutally removed anyone perceived as a potential challenge to his authority, including ordering the execution of family members.
But observers say the latest move appears aimed at curbing the overgrown influence of the military, which blossomed under his late father Kim Jong-Il's Songun (military-first) policy.
Last month it was reported that Hwang Pyong-So and his deputy Kim Won-Hong, had been punished for 'impudence' towards the ruling Korean Workers' Party, which Kim Jong-Un heads.
'This is another Kim Jong-Un play aimed at tightening his grip on, and taming, the military,' Yang Moo-Jin, a professor at the University of North Korean Studies, told AFP.
Kim is moving away from the Songun policy and 'reaffirming the principle that the party is always above the military' Yang said.
Professor Koh Yu-Hwan at Dongguk University added: 'The Songun policy has always been a double-edged sword and Kim is reorganising the military that became overgrown under his father and is restoring the system of party dominance.'
Rivals: The investigation of the military political bureau which allegedly led to the punishment of Hwang Pyong So, left, was spearheaded by Choe Ryong Hae, pictured right
The NIS said the level of punishment meted out to the two men was not known, but South Korean lawmakers who attended the closed-door briefing suggested they might have been sent to provincial farms for re-education through labour.
Hwang was once seen as the second most powerful man in North Korea.
He led the high-level delegation that visited the South during the Incheon Asian Games in 2014, and made his last public appearance in October.
Kim Won-Hong had returned to office earlier this year after being sacked as minister of state security, for power abuse and corruption in mid-January.
Kim, who served as the spy chief since 2012, had played a key role in arresting and executing Kim Jong-Un's uncle Jang Song-Thaek four years ago.
The North's leader has reportedly killed more than 100 military, party and government officials, including Jang and Hyon Yong-Chol, a former defence chief who was put to death in 2015.
South Korea believes he was also responsible for the Cold War-style assassination of his half-brother Kim Jong-Nam, who was poisoned at a Malaysian airport earlier this year.
Steve Nash confirmed Wednesday he will be joining the Warriors as a part-time player development consultant.
The two-time NBA Most Valuable Player award winner nodded at the mention of his new role with the Warriors in an interview with Sportsnet and was asked what reigning MVP Stephen Curry can do better.
“His laundry?” Nash said, shrugging and smiling at a fundraiser in Toronto. “I don't know.
“As I've told Steph, his skill level is so high that although we'll be on the court together, I don't know how much I can help him on the court. But through watching a little bit of film and talking, maybe I can help him with situations. But his skill level is incredible, and hopefully I'll learn as much from him as he will from me.”
The Warriors have not officially announced the addition of the 41-year-old Nash to the staff. Team president Rick Welts, who worked with Nash with the Phoenix Suns for years, only confirmed to Golden Gate Sports on Monday that he supported the potential hiring.
“We haven't exactly confirmed that he's going to be there, but if he was going to be there, I certainly added my endorsement to the idea,” Welts told the website.
“There are two things I think you think of when you think of Steve Nash and his career: preparation and discipline. I think those are the things that (he has more of), more than any other player I've ever been around. He has better preparation, better discipline about preparing himself for the task at hand.
“That's a wonderful trait to share with young players, so should we be lucky enough to finalize that, I'd be a really happy guy.”
Curry grew up following Nash's career as a point guard and in part modeled his game after the former Santa Clara star. Nash played in 18 NBA seasons and was an eight-time All-Star before a back injury forced him into retirement last season.
After winning an NBA championship with rookie coach Steve Kerr, who also previously worked with Nash in Phoenix, Curry jokingly wrote on Instagram last week, “Finally we get a decent coach around here … “
For more on the Warriors, go to Inside the Warriors blog at www.ibabuzz.com/warriors. Follow Diamond Leung on Twitter at twitter.com/diamond83.
First special inspection finds operation otherwise safe
PLYMOUTH — The Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station is operating safely, according to a report based on a special weeklong federal inspection conducted in January, the first of three planned this year.
Inspectors, however, did bring up a flaw in an emergency cooling system that had been known but not addressed for nearly a year.
One of the chief concerns federal regulators have historically expressed over Pilgrim is its owners' constant failure to follow through and get deficiencies addressed.
This latest transgression involved a water leak in the core spray system that helps cool down the reactor after sudden shutdowns. The leak had allowed air bubbles to enter the system, which could impede water flow.
The leak, one of many glitches that occurred during the blizzard in January 2015, was identified in March of that year. Yet it wasn't entered into the plant's action plan until January 2016, leading inspectors from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to write, “Entergy had not taken timely action to identify the source of the leakage and address the issue.”
Entergy Corp. is Pilgrim's owner-operator.
“Pilgrim maintains the system was still operable,” NRC spokesman Neil Sheehan said. “Our concern is that had this gone on for a longer period, the flow of reactor coolant would have been significantly impeded.”
Mary Lampert, a Duxbury resident and president of Pilgrim Watch, was surprised federal regulators classified the infraction as “very low safety significance.”
“How is something of very low safety significance if it involves Entergy not fixing a problem for over a year in a key safety system,” Lampert wrote in an email. “The core spray is needed to control pressure in the core in order to avoid the containment rupturing in a loss of cooling accident and spewing radiation into the air.
“Because the god-awful did not happen, although it could have occurred, NRC gives Entergy a tap on the wrist?” Lampert said.
Spokesman Patrick O'Brien provided Entergy's position in an email: “The finding was whether a question about the performance of one safety system during Storm Juno in January 2015 was entered into our corrective action plan in a timely manner. The system was later determined to have functioned acceptably.”
The federal report also noted that a heat load analysis concluded the control room at the plant could reach 114 degrees Fahrenheit with a loss of normal heating, ventilation and air conditioning, creating “a habitability issue” for operators. Entergy had developed a modification for a better cooling system to combat high temperatures but never installed it, the report says.
Although there are no current licensing and design basis documents that establish control room temperatures, inspectors noted heat stress management could be a problem and result in shorter stay times in the control room.
The three additional inspections were triggered by Pilgrim's status as one of the three worst performers in the nation's nuclear reactor fleet. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission had placed the Plymouth plant in its so-called Column 4 performance category in September because of the company's failure to address problems that had caused several reactor shutdowns.
The focus of this recent inspection was on how well operators were addressing deficiencies found during previous inspections.
“The inspection did not find any long-standing, risk-significant issues in the corrective action program that were not addressed or assigned appropriate corrective actions and due dates,” Sheehan wrote. “However, we would note that if at any time the NRC determines that Pilgrim's performance has declined to an unacceptable level, we will not hesitate to take additional regulatory action, up to and including the issuance of a shutdown order.”
The second special inspection is set to take place in early April.
Entergy announced in October that it plans to shut down Pilgrim sometime before mid-2019 because the reactor has become a financial loser in New England's competitive energy market. The corporation may decide to close Pilgrim before an expensive refueling process required next spring.
If you are unsure about what to do with certain household items here are some ingenious ideas to try out.
Reuse Toilet Paper Rolls to Organize Cables and Chords
Turn Old Credit Cards Into Guitar Picks
Create a Window Cover Using Old Picture Slides
Upcycle Old Light Bulbs Into Candles
Repurpose Old CD Holders Into Bagel Storage Device
Fill a Box With Skewers and it Becomes an All-Purpose Knife Block
Turn Old Picture Frames Into Serving Trays
Reuse Ketchup Bottles as a Pancake Squirter
Use Paperclips to Organize Your Cables
Turn Old Wrenches Into Wall Hooks
Repurpose an Old Suitcase Into a Medicine Cabinet
Use Your Old Computer Tower as a mailbox
Use Marbles to Plug Holes in Fences
Reuse Old Kleenex Boxes as Bag Dispensers
Turn an Old Door Frame Into a Coffee Table
Turn Old Bulletin Boards into a Jewellery Organizer
Use Post-It Notes as a Collector when Drilling
Repurpose a Card Catalogue Into a Mini Bar
Use Old Lego Pieces As a keyholder
Upcycle a Shopping Cart Into a Rolling Chair
Turn Old Suitcases Into Side Tables
Upcycle Old Mugs, Bottles and Bowls Into Light Fixtures
Use Lifesavers as candleholders on Cakes
Use a Paper Clip as a Key Chain and Money Clip
Use a Pipe with Valves as a Coat Rack
Use Old Books as Shelves
Reuse Old Cassette Tape Cases as Gift Card Boxes
Use Old CD Cases to Store and Organize Cables
Turn an Old Bike Into a Bathroom Counter
Turn an Old Mini Fridge Into a TV Stand and Storage Unit
Turn Old Utensils Into Wall Hooks
Turn an Old Wine Box Into a Shoe Rack
Use Shower Hooks in Your Closet as Bag Holders
Turn Old Suitcases Into Accordion Folders
Turn Old Tennis Rackets Into Mirrors
Use Old Picture Frame Corners Like Tiles
Turn an Old Door Into a Frame for a Standing Mirror
Use an Old Paper Tower Holder as a Ribbon Holder
Turn An Old Bathtub Into a Love Seat
Use Frisbees To Reinforce Disposable Plates
Repurpose Old Barrels Into a Drum Set
Use Cupcake Wrappers to Prevent Posicles from Dripping
Use An Old Hanging Shoe Rack to Organize Your Pantry
Make a Chair from Old Waterskis
Use Old Books to Create a Desk
Turn a Six Pack Into a Condiment Carrier
Transform a Chair into a Towel Rack and Shelf
Use A Cupcake Tray as a Jewellery Organizer
Use Mason Jars to Carry Your Salad
Turn an Old Piano Into an Outdoor Water Fountain
Tamiflu, made by Roche and licensed by them from Gilead and stockpiled in many countries has proved to be a big moneymaker for Roche. It is one of two neuramidase inhibitors currently available for the treatment of influenza, the other being Zanamivir from Glaxo. Tamiflu is sold as its mono-phosphate salt. During the recent outbreak of avian flu due to the H5N1 virus Tamiflu was the drug treatment of choice for many physicians.
Now questions are being asked again about it's effectiveness and it's actual performance in clinical trials, the data of which has not been fully published by Roche in spite of promises to release this information. A new web site has been established to achieve the aim of providing doctors and patients' access to this information. In a hard hitting editorial the editor of the British Medical Journal gives big Pharma a well deserved tongue (or in this case pencil) lashing, criticising the lack of information as to the clinical trial results of not just these two compounds but a number of others. Which she says must be made available to independent scrutiny.
It turns out that an review of the data on the available neuramidase inhibitors, commissioned by the British Government, discovered that around 60% of the data of the phase III trials collected by Roche has never been made available for examination.
Why does Big Pharma have a level of secrecy that would make the CIA look proud? Well I suppose in the first instance it's about big money. One Tamiflu pill costs about $10, and that's expensive. The recommended dosing regimen is 75 mg twice a day for 5 days, $100. Multiply that by the huge number of people contracting influenza and it comes to a lot of money. This year the sales are expected to DOUBLE from $350 million to around $750 million. So, I suppose that alone justifies the most of the secrecy concerning the reluctance to produce the complete trial results. Combined with a supply problem keeping the demand high also pushes the price up. I would hope that the deficit in supply is due to capacity problems and nothing else. Secondly; publishing the results of clinical trials give an insight into the companies working practices, which they most certainly don't want made public. In the third instance if any minor complications turn up in the trials this may lead the company to tone down their significance, if there is any. Fourthly; could there be any bad publicity arising from any side effects of the compounds. No doubt there are perhaps other reasons that I am unaware of.
Moving back to chemistry the optimisation of the synthesis of Tamiflu makes a very interesting read and I recommend it as an excellent source of solutions to scale-up difficulties. It can be found here unfortunately behind a paywall. The synthesis starts off with shikimic acid and delivers Tamiflu in 17-22% yield after 15 steps. It has two azide reactions; the first one opens an epoxide to give a mixture of hydroxy azides 1 & 2 in a 9:1 mixture:
Both isomers form the same aziridine in the next step. The hydroxy azides are thermally labile, the stability being better in solution.
The next crucial step is the one pot sequence consisting of aziridine formation, via a Staudinger type process, using triphenylphosphine, followed by ring opening with sodium azide/sulphuric acid and finally acylation.
This series of reactions circumvents the unfavourable thermal properties of both the aziridine and the amino azide and allows for faster reactions and higher yields while maintaining process safety and quality of the product.
For this superb piece of process chemistry the Roche group received the Sandmeyer prize of the Swiss Chemical Society in 2006.
It's only dire necessity
That's taking me to war;
And if I were a moneyed man
I wouldn't”t go for sure.
-Miguel de Cervantes de Saavedra, The Ingenious Hidalgo Don Quixote de la Mancha (translated by John Rutherford), Penguin Books, 2000, page 651.
The time has come to justify anew the war in Afghanistan, and excuses for keeping American and other NATO troops in combat there are coming hot and heavy in Washington and London. Last month's trillion dollar mineral bonanza was not enough. Nor was the changeover of military command from an apparently insolent general to one who minds his Ps and Qs. Uncertain successes on the battlefield are not doing much to help. So, how can the Obama administration sell this despicable war to an increasingly wary public? The latest rabbit in the magician's top hat is the creation of “local police units,” home guards to keep the Taliban away from the villages. Announced with great fanfare in Kabul and Washington, a new plan calls for village militias to turn the tide. (If you believe that, please send me a check for $10,000 for the name of the next Kentucky Derby winner.) These militiamen are unlikely to do anything more than denounce their traditional enemies to death squads, making them as unpopular as the Green Berets they are going to serve under.
Minerals, new commanders, new local collaborators, new strategies. All are failing, not only to win the war, but to persuade the American and European public to support it. What else is left? Alas, women. Just when you thought there was no reason to prolong the nine-year war in central Asia, along comes a new excuse. A CIA memorandum of 11 March, “Afghanistan: Sustaining West European Support for the NATO-led Mission “ Why Counting on Apathy Might Not Be Enough,” (posted on Wikileaks) puts the propagandists” case: “Afghan women could serve as ideal messengers in humanizing the ISAF [International Security Assistance Force] role in combating the Taliban because of women's ability to speak personally and credibly about their experiences under the Taliban, their aspirations for the future, and their fears of a Taliban victory. Outreach initiatives that create media opportunities for Afghan women to share their stories with French, German, and other European women could help to overcome pervasive skepticism among women in Western Europe toward the ISAF mission.” Hey, if no one is marching to Washington's drumbeat on defeating terrorism, why not change the tune to “I Am Woman”?
Representative of the latest barrage of Afghan apologetics was a recent op ed in the International Herald Tribune (15 July 2010) by Thea Garland, who urged the US to stay the course in order to protect Afghan women. She quotes Hilary Clinton, “Women's rights are human rights.” This would appear to justify the expenditure of lives and treasure in a land that has an unlimited capacity to absorb both. Ms. Garland reminded readers of the Taliban's reprehensible record on women: denying them education, abusing them for laughing aloud, forcing them to dress in a certain way and even executing some in a football stadium for minor infractions of Taliban rules. That such things happened under the Taliban is true, just as it is likely a restored Taliban will behave no more humanely than did the shock troops of Mullah Omar. However, Ms. Garland and others make no mention of the abuses of women by Afghan society at large and especially by the militias of the Northern Alliance who allied themselves to the United States in 2001. One of these, General Abdul Rashid Dustom's Uzbek militia, systematically raped women in the Pashtun district of Balkh. Neither the American force commanders nor President Karzai objected to Dustom taking a place in the Afghan cabinet or maintaining control of his fiefdom in the north, where torture of men and women is a fact of daily life. Another rapacious enemy of women was the Hazara militia of Muhammad Mohaqiq, now another respected leader of the pro-American polity in Kabul.
Back in the 1980s, the Soviets urged Afghan men to accept female equality, sponsored schools for girls and permitted women to work. Where are those schools and jobs today? Well, the militias that overthrew the pro-Soviet regime of President Mohammed Najibullah eliminated them. Under Najibullah, women exercising their civil and sartorial rights feared no one more than the “freedom fighters,” who sprayed their uncovered faces in acid. Material and propaganda support for those lovers of freedom came from the administration of President Ronald Reagan, Charlie Wilson's buddies in Congress and that great liberal democracy with a record of unparalleled service to womankind, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Any element in a society that depends on an unwelcome foreign occupier becomes the object of revenge when the occupier departs. This happened to the right-wingers in post-Vichy France, the Harkis when the French left Algeria and to the Hmong when the US pulled out of southeast Asia. It will happen again to Afghan women, because no one remembers their suffering after the Soviets left them to the mercy of the mujahedeen that the US and Saudi Arabia helped into power. Post-Soviet Afghanistan under America's friendly warlords descended into such deadly chaos that much of the public demanded rescue from groups of students who came to be known as the Taliban.
“We must not abandon them again,” Ms. Garland writes of Afghanistan's beleaguered women. Yet who are we? We are not an army of feminist Hilary Clintons, risking our own lives for our beliefs. Instead, we are young Americans without jobs in a failing American economy. We are the youth of America whose only means to an education and an income is to kill and die on behalf of an enterprise that will not empower and assist Afghan women one day longer than American forces remain in the country. Waging the western onslaught against the Taliban in their name will make Afghan women appear as collaborators with the foreigners most Afghans want expelled from their country as soon as possible. To use Afghan women's plight that cynically is the worst betrayal.
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez says Liverpool are vulnerable at the back
Rafael Benitez's Newcastle host Liverpool on Super Sunday
Rafael Benitez believes Newcastle can take advantage of Liverpool's defensive frailties at St James' Park on Sunday.
Jurgen Klopp's side have not kept a clean sheet in their past six matches, while conceding 13 goals.
Benitez admits he is wary of Liverpool's attacking talent but believes their weaknesses at the back could prevent them from challenging for trophies this season.
Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez says Liverpool are vulnerable at the back Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez says Liverpool are vulnerable at the back
He said: "The reality is that because they are so offensive, they have sometimes problems in defence.
"I have talked in the past about the short blanket - if you cover your head, your feet are cold; if you cover your feet, your head is cold. Sometimes when you attack too much, you are exposed in defence and to find the balance is the key to have chances to win titles.
"I think they are working on that and still I think they will be very dangerous attacking even if they make some mistakes in defence."
Newcastle's Rafael Benitez discusses his relationship with Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp and what he can do to bring success to the club Newcastle's Rafael Benitez discusses his relationship with Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp and what he can do to bring success to the club
Benitez enjoyed six years in charge at Anfield and won four trophies, including the Champions League.
The 57-year-old admits he still holds a soft spot for the Reds but insists his loyalties will not be split on Sunday.
He said: "It's a special game for me. It will be emotional because I had so many years, so many good memories. Still my family lives in Liverpool, so it's my home.
"I am feeling at home here, but the family is there. I have a lot of positive relationships with the fans, so I have very good memories and it will be very emotional.
"But at the same time, we'll try our best and we will try to win."
It's certainly not going to make every college football fan happy, but the CFP selection committee's decision to rank Alabama and Oregon -- both with a loss on their résumés -- ahead of Florida State shows it's willing to consider context that was often lacking in the polls used to compute the BCS.
Based solely on record, Florida State is the obvious No. 1 team in the nation by virtue of being the last undefeated Power 5 conference team. But the committee is considering the quality of wins, the toughness of schedule, the circumstances involved in each game and a host of other metrics when parsing the cases for each team. That's progress.
J.T. Barrett's transformation has sparked Ohio State's late-season run. Allen Kee/ESPN Images
The committee is willing to overlook Oregon's home loss to Arizona in a game it was favored to win by three touchdowns in part because the Ducks have surrounded that loss with quality wins over Michigan State, Stanford, UCLA and Utah, but also because of context. A host of injuries on the offensive line hurt Oregon, but the Ducks have gotten healthier, and in the five games since that loss, they've averaged 48.4 points and surrendered just eight sacks.
Essentially the committee's ranking boils down to a simple premise that should be applauded in this new age of college football: Oregon is a better team today than it was six weeks ago, and the best teams should be the ones playing for a championship.
Where the committee's critics have a valid point, however, is whether that same context is applied evenly.
Florida State fans wonder why Oregon gets a pass for its short-handed loss when the Seminoles don't appear to earn many bonus points for beating Clemson without Jameis Winston or thwarting Louisville's staunch defense without starting center Austin Barron.
It's a reasonable point, but if the Seminoles keep winning, they'll be in the playoff anyway. For the folks in Columbus, Ohio, however, the future isn't nearly so certain.
The cases for both Oregon and Ohio State are similar. Both teams have Heisman candidates at quarterback. Both have prolific offenses. Both are en route to a conference title. The signature win for both teams came against Michigan State. And both have a glaring loss on their record that came, in large part, because of injuries.
The difference is that Ohio State's stumble at home to Virginia Tech in Week 2 looms large, and is the biggest reason the Buckeyes are No. 6 in the poll.
Let's first look at those losses. Is Arizona a better loss than Virginia Tech?
Arizona is 8-2 and ranked 15th in the committee's latest poll. Virginia Tech is 5-5 and narrowly kept its bowl chances alive with a win over Duke last week.
College Football Playoff Top 10 The first four remained unchanged in the College Football Playoff rankings, but a shutout loss booted Ole Miss out of the top 10. Full Rankings » 1. Alabama 6. Ohio St. 2. Oregon 7. Baylor 3. Florida St. 8. UCLA 4. Mississippi St. 9. Georgia 5. TCU 10. Michigan State
Look a little deeper, though, and the differences aren't nearly so stark. Aside from the win over Oregon, Arizona hasn't beaten a Power 5 team with a winning record. Its two remaining games (at Utah and vs. Arizona State) will tell us more about the Wildcats' true worth, but they needed a late turnover from Texas-San Antonio to win on Sept. 4, escaped Nevada by just a touchdown a week later, and toppled Cal a week after that thanks to a last-second Hail Mary. Virginia Tech has played essentially as well as Arizona, but while the Wildcats have four one-score wins, the Hokies have four one-score losses.
Again, context means a lot, and in this case, the committee doesn't seem to be applying it evenly.
But let's look, too, at how Ohio State lost that game. J.T. Barrett was making just his second start, stepping in for injured star Braxton Miller. The offensive line was in shambles, too, and it surrendered seven sacks. Ohio State still fought back and had a chance to win, but two late turnovers swung the game.
If anything, injuries had a bigger impact on the Buckeyes' loss than Oregon's.
And since that loss to Virginia Tech, Ohio State has been nearly flawless. The Buckeyes are 8-0 and have won by an average of 28 points -- the top scoring margin for any Power 5 team during that span. Its opponents' winning percentage during that time is better than that of Oregon, Florida State, Mississippi State and TCU -- teams all ranked ahead of Ohio State. It has toppled two ranked teams in Michigan State and Minnesota. It has scored 49 points or more six times.
If the goal is to put the best teams into the playoff, Ohio State's case is sound. In fact, there may not be a team in the country playing better football right now than the Buckeyes. Barrett has gone from a deer in headlights to a Heisman candidate. The offensive line has allowed just 10 sacks in the last eight games. The defense is light-years ahead of Oregon by virtually every metric.
But if the playoffs started tomorrow, Ohio State wouldn't even be the first team left out, and the lackluster schedule in the Big Ten -- something completely out of the Buckeyes' control -- won't offer many opportunities to change that perception.
Instead, it will be up to the committee to continue to re-evaluate things, to keep adding context -- because if it's good enough for Oregon, then a few other teams surely deserve a second look, too.
Harris County, Texas and Maricopa County, Arizona is among the 30 jurisdictions in which federal observers will monitor polling place activities or Justice Department personnel will monitor the election, DOJ announced late Friday.
The Tea Party-backed group True the Vote, the Texas Democratic Party, Rep. Shelia Jackson Lee and even the New Black Panther Party have traded accusations of voter intimidation in Harris County and called for federal elections monitors to be deployed to the area.Maricopa County is the territory of controversial anti-illegal immigration Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He sent out an e-mail asking supporters to “help [him] STOP ILLEGALS FROM STEALING THIS ELECTION!” and has also been under investigation for allegations of discrimination in his enforcement of immigration law and treatment of prisoners.
The Civil Rights Division of DOJ will deploy over 400 federal observers and department personnel to those 30 jurisdictions in 18 states for Tuesday's election.
Cook County, Ill. — where GOP Senate Candidate Mark Kirk was secretly recorded saying he would deploy “voter integrity” squads in two predominately African-American parts of Chicago — is not on the list, but federal observers will monitor polling places in nearby Kane County.
Federal observers will “monitor polling place activities in 16 jurisdictions: Autauga County, Ala.; Bethel, Alaska; Apache and Navajo Counties, Ariz.; Riverside County, Calif.; Randolph County, Ga.; Kane County, Ill.; Salem County (Penns Grove), NJ; Cibola and Sandoval Counties, NM; Cuyahoga County, Ohio; Shannon County; SD; and Dallas, Fort Bend, Galveston and Williamson Counties, Texas,” the Department said.
Justice Department personnel will “monitor the election in an additional 14 jurisdictions: Maricopa County, Ariz.; Alameda County, Calif.; Seminole County, Fla.; Honolulu, Hawaii; Neshoba County, Miss.; Colfax County, Neb.; Passaic County, NJ; Orange County, NY; Lorain County, Ohio; Philadelphia, Pa.; Bennett and Todd Counties, SD; Shelby County, Tenn.; and Harris County, Texas,” the Department said.
Said DOJ:
The observers and department personnel will gather information on whether voters are subject to different voting qualifications or procedures on the basis of race, color, or membership in a language minority group; whether jurisdictions are complying with the minority language provisions of the Voting Rights Act; whether jurisdictions permit voters to receive assistance by a person of his or her choice if the voter is blind, has a disability, or is unable to read or write; whether jurisdictions allow voters with disabilities to cast a private and independent ballot; and whether jurisdictions comply with the provisional ballot requirements of the Help America Vote Act. To assist in these inquiries, the department has deployed observers and monitors who speak Spanish and a variety of Asian and Native American languages. Both the federal observers and department personnel will coordinate monitoring activities, and department attorneys maintain contact with local election officials.
Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez, head of the Civil Rights Division, said this week that the Justice Department will have “adequate and aggressive enforcement” of both voter fraud laws and of voter intimidation laws. The Obama administration kept the name of the Ballot Access and Voting Integrity Initiative, which began during the Bush administration but had come under fire because critics said they focused on anti-voter fraud laws but were not responsive to intimidation, harassment or discrimination claims.
Progressive backers of financial reform are pushing Sen. Russ Feingold (D-WI) to reconsider his protest vote against imposing tougher rules on Wall Street.
Feingold opposed the Senate's regulatory reform bill because in his view, by lacking provisions that explicitly limit the size of major financial institutions, it didn't go far enough. But with House and Senate negotiators now ironing out the differences between their two bills, progressives see an opportunity to strengthen the final legislation…if only Feingold considers changing his vote.
Americans for Financial Reform and the Progressive Change Campaign Committee are separately pushing Feingold to reconsider his vote provided two key provisions, strengthening the bill survives. PCCC members are petitioning Feingold to say that he'll vote yes, if and only if tough derivatives regulations remain in the legislation, and negotiators add a strong version of the so-called Volcker rule to the bill.“Some senator will be the deciding vote on this bill — will it be a Republican who wants less Wall Street accountability or a progressive like Feingold who wants more?” says PCCC co-founder Aaron Swartz. “By saying he would vote yes on the final bill if strong versions of the Lincoln and Volcker Rules are adopted, Feingold could change the dynamics of the negotiations, change history, and score a real victory for Main Street over Wall Street.”
Why is Feingold such a pivotal player? As I reported yesterday, reformers and Hill staff are currently contending with the fact that Sen. Scott Brown (R-MA) is the man with the most power over the bill right now. He cast the 60th vote for reform, giving him tremendous leverage which he's been using to push for carve outs in the Volcker rule. (The Volcker rule, named after former Fed Chair Paul Volcker, would put serious restrictions on banks' ability to speculate with their profits.)
If Feingold were to say he'd vote for the bill under the condition that the Volcker rule survives unmolested, he'd take Brown's influence away, and flip it. Or at the very least, he'd give Democrats on the conference committee a choice between including a loophole-ridden version of the Volcker rule or a more pure version.
Now, Feingold has been pretty clear that his principle objection to the legislation is that it doesn't explicitly limit the size of big firms.
“The bill does not eliminate the risk to our economy posed by ‘too big to fail' financial firms, nor does it restore the proven safeguards established after the Great Depression, which separated Main Street banks from big Wall Street firms and are essential to preventing another economic meltdown,” Feingold said last month. “The recent financial crisis triggered the nation's worst recession since the Great Depression. The bill should have included reforms to prevent another such crisis. Regrettably, it did not.”
And though reformers view the Volcker rule as a crucial provision, the rule itself does not put a ceiling on the size of large, systemically significant financial firms. Then again, the choice before Feingold will be pretty clear: The bill will pass either way. The question is whether it does so in as robust a form as possible.
The script PCCC members are using to pressure Feingold is below:
A CNN report on Yemen included this incisive quote from Peter Salisbury:
“Basically, policymakers in the West see the world as a giant game of Risk, and they see more value to maintaining their relationship with Saudi Arabia than getting rid of bad PR over Yemen.”
Since the war on Yemen is mostly ignored, the U.S. and Britain don't have to worry about getting too much “bad PR.” They can enable an atrocious war and support the Saudi-led coalition as it creates famine conditions in Yemen without facing much scrutiny at all. By helping to thwart independent inquiries into war crimes committed by all sides, the U.S. and U.K. governments work to whitewash the coalition's record and thus shield themselves from criticism for making the coalition's crimes possible. Even so, the quote gets at something important about the cynical and disgraceful policy of backing the Saudis and their allies: the effect of the war on the people of Yemen is irrelevant to the coalition's patrons so long as their despotic clients are satisfied.
The CNN article refers to Yemen as the “forgotten war” as many other reports have done in the past, but that's not quite right. The war hasn't been forgotten, since that suggests there was some point when the world was paying close attention to it. Rather, the war has been ignored as much as possible, and it is ignored as much it is now because it embarrasses the U.S. and its clients. As soon as it is brought to the attention of the governments in the West that are fueling it, the war is then either dismissed as unimportant or distorted beyond recognition as a mission of Saudi “self-defense.” When it comes to the Obama administration and the British government, the war on Yemen is the one they'd rather not talk about and would like us to forget, but the longer it goes on the more likely it is that others take notice of it.
Meanwhile, Yemen's humanitarian catastrophe is about to get even worse:
With food ships finding it hard to get into Yemen's ports due to a virtual blockade by the Saudi-led coalition that has backed the government during an 18-month civil war, over half the country's 28 million people already do not have enough to eat [bold mine-DL], according to the United Nations. Yemen's exiled president, Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, last month ordered the central bank's headquarters to be moved from the capital Sanaa, controlled by Houthi rebels in the north, to the southern port of Aden, which is held by the government. He also appointed a new governor, a member of his government who has said the bank has no money. Trade sources involved in importing food to the Arab peninsula's poorest country say this decision will leave them financially exposed and make it harder to bring in supplies [bold mine-DL]. Diplomats and aid officials believe the crisis surrounding the central bank could adversely affect ordinary Yemenis.
The Saudi-led coalition has blockaded the country with U.S. approval and support, and that blockade has deprived much of the country of essential food and medicine. They have bombed the port in Hodeidah to make it even harder for supplies to be brought into the country. They have also bombed out bridges leading to the capital, which has made it still more difficult to get food to the people living there. Then the Saudi-backed Hadi government moved the central bank in a move that everyone agrees will inflict even more harm on the civilian population. Millions of Yemenis are starving in large part because of the coalition's actions over the last eighteen months, and our government has reliably backed those actions. This is the war effort that the U.S. and Britain have been enabling every day for the last year and a half, and there are no signs that either one is inclined to stop.
The most important book on capitalism this year will be Anwar Shaikh's Capitalism – competition, conflict, crises.
As one of the world's leading economists who draw on Marx and the classical economists (‘political economy', if you like), Anwar Shaikh has taught at The New School for Social Research for more than 30 years, authored three books and six-dozen articles. This is his most ambitious work. As Shaikh says, it is an attempt to derive economic theory from the real world and then apply it to real problems. Shaikh applies the categories and theory of classical economics to all the major economic issues, including those that are supposed to be the province of mainstream economics, like supply and demand, relative prices in goods and services, interest rates, financial asset prices and technological change.
Shaikh says that his “approach is very different from both orthodox economics and the dominant heterodox tradition.” He rejects the neoclassical approach that starts from “Perfect firms, perfect individuals, perfect knowledge, perfectly selfish behavior, rational expectations, etc.” and then “various imperfections are introduced into the story to justify individual observed patterns” although there “cannot be a general theory of imperfections”. Shaikh rejects that approach and instead starts with actual human behavior instead of the so-called “Economic Man”, and with the concept of ‘real competition' rather than ‘perfect competition'. Chapters 3 and 7-8 emphasize that. It is the classical approach as opposed to the neoclassical one.
The book is a product of 15 years work, so it has taken longer to gestate than Marx took from 1855 to 1867 to deliver Capital Volume one. But it covers a lot. All theory is compared to actual data in every chapter, as well as to neoclassical and Keynesian/post-Keynesian arguments. A theory of ‘real competition' is developed and applied to explain empirical relative prices, profit margins and profit rates, interest rates, bond and stock prices, exchange rates and trade balances. Demand and supply are both shown to depend on profitability and interact in a way that is neither Say's Law nor Keynesian, but based on Marx's theory of value. A classical theory of inflation is developed and applied to various countries. A theory of crises is developed and integrated into macrodynamics. That's a heap of things.
It's not possible to cover all the aspects of the book in this short review post. But readers can follow in detail Shaikh's arguments through a series of 21 video lectures that cover each chapter of the book. These can be quite technical in part, but are worth the effort of concentration. See Lecture 15 in particular for an overall summary of capitalism – this lecture is essential viewing for all interested in a theoretical understanding of capitalism. There are also short interviews with Shaikh on the main message of his book.
In this post, I want to focus on what Shaikh has to say about crises under capitalism and in particular how we can identify at what stage capitalism is currently going through.
Shaikh reckons that on the surface, the last crisis, the Great Recession, looks like a crisis of excessive financialization. But this fails to identify the real cause of the crisis. Keynesians and Post Keynesians argue that the cause of the current crisis is inequality and unemployment, so there is a need to maintain a stable wage share and to use fiscal and monetary policy to maintain full employment. But Shaikh argues that such policies would not work because, at least in the US, the post-Keynesians have got the causes of the crisis wrong, the cause of which is the movement in profitability – the dominant factor under capitalism.
The crisis was preceded by a long fall in the rate of profit. The neoliberal attack on labour from 1980s suppressed wage growth and reduced the wage share in order to stabilize the rate of profit. The enormous fall in the interest rate in the 1980s that fuelled credit expansion and massive debt finance also served to raise the net (or enterprise) rate of profit. So Keynesian fiscal policy by itself may pump up employment, but it will not restore growth. For growth, it is necessary to raise the net rate of profit and interest rates are already at lows (even negative).
Shaikh emphasises that it is profit under capitalism that drives growth and there are cyclical fluctuations in profitability. These are expressed in business and fixed capital cycles inherent in capitalist production. Crises are normal in capitalism. The history of market systems reveals recurrent patterns of booms and busts over centuries, emanating precisely from the developed world. The key crises under capitalism are ‘depressions', such as that of the 1840s, the “Long Depression” 1873-1893, the “Great Depression” of the 1930s, the “Stagflation Crises” of the 1970s and the Great Global Crisis now.
Shaikh revives the concept of long waves in capitalist production, something first identified by the Russian economist Kondratiev and which Shaikh first cited in a paper in 1992 (shaikh92w). According to Shaikh, Kondratiev's main point is that business cycles are recurrent and “organically inherent” in the capitalist system. They are also inherently nonlinear and turbulent: “the process of real dynamics is of a piece. But it is not linear: it does not take the form of a simple, rising line. To the contrary, its movement is irregular, with spurts and fluctuations”.
Kondratieff believed that Depressions were linked to Long Waves: “during the period of downward waves of the long cycle, years of depression predominate, while during the period of rising waves of a long cycle, it is years of upswing that predominate”. In a paper that Shaikh presented in 2014 (Profitability-Long-Waves-Crises (2)), he brings up to date his analysis on this, which is also developed in Capitalism.
Shaikh reckons Kondratiev's long waves have continued to operate, especially clear when measured by the gold dollar price: the key value measure in modern capitalism. He reckons that prices of commodities became a poor indicator of Kondratiev cycles in the post-war period of the 20th century and now looks to the gold price. In my analysis, first outlined in my book, The Great Recession, I find that the movement of interest rates also provides a very good proxy indicator of Kondratiev waves because it follows the movement in production prices.
Readers of my blog and other papers will recognise that Shaikh's position is similar to my own on the causes of capitalist crises, the nature and existence of depressions, and the role of Kondratiev and profit cycles.
In my view, it is no accident that both of us made reasonably early (and independent) predictions of the Great Recession of 2008-9. Shaikh made his in 2003; I did so in 2005, when I said: “There has not been such a coincidence of cycles since 1991. And this time (unlike 1991), it will be accompanied by the downwave in profitability within the downwave in Kondratiev prices cycle. It is all at the bottom of the hill in 2009-2010! That suggests we can expect a very severe economic slump of a degree not seen since 1980-2 or more” (The Great Recession).
I shall return to other aspects of Shaikh's book in future posts.
Anwar tells me that you can buy his book for only $38.50 from Oxford by using the codes on the very bottom line of the back of the Oxford brochure. And for anyone under 30, the e-book is only $30 from Amazon.
Advertisements
Share this: Share
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Oklahoma State's versatile offensive attack has led the Cowboys to a 3-0 start and their highest FBS ranking since 2015. (0:59)
Mike Gundy is making this look too easy.
On Sept. 8, his Oklahoma State Cowboys laid waste to South Alabama on the road in Mobile, racking up 505 yards of offense and 44 points. They barely broke a sweat, sitting the starters the entire fourth quarter. The next day, as the rest of the college football world spun on, Gundy left the office to go turtle hunting with his son.
He wasn't distracted, mind you. Gundy's eccentricities make the Oklahoma State head coach who he is. The very next weekend, the Cowboys went to Pittsburgh and scored 59 points, scoring touchdowns on each of their first seven possessions. It was a barrage of offense that should feel familiar to anyone who pays attention to the Big 12.
Mike Gundy's Oklahoma State team is off to a flying start. Scott Donaldson/Icon Sportswire
"Gundy has been doing it a long time," Pitt coach Pat Narduzzi said afterward. "He's got what he wants there."
Boy, does he. He has a Heisman Trophy-caliber quarterback from SEC country, he has a first-round-caliber receiver who no one paid attention to playing 1A high school football in a tiny Texas town, and he even lucked into a four-year starting center who simply wouldn't take no for an answer. Gundy threw them all in a pot, let them stew for a few years and got this: an offense with the experience and firepower capable of setting records and crashing the College Football Playoff.
It's a no-huddle that also shifts gears.
It's a spread that also goes vertical.
It's a quarterback who executes run-pass options by reading the front seven and the secondary.
It's the convergence of speed and efficiency, strength and elegance. Every piece fits just so, as if tied together by a string, working in concert to average 35.7 points and 430.3 yards per game -- in the first half.
"You're not going to stop them completely," South Alabama coach Joey Jones said. "You're just not."
"You're searching for answers," Pitt safety Dennis Briggs said. "You really can't figure it out."
Maybe slowing them down isn't possible. But maybe we can better understand how and why the Cowboys' offense came to be so devastatingly good.
It started, of all places, at the end of a five-game losing streak in November of the 2014 season. The location was Waco, Texas, and the final score was a doozy: Baylor 49, Oklahoma State 28.
It was just one week after the lowest point of the season, according to Gundy, when unranked Texas came into Stillwater and beat up on the Cowboys, 28-7. Losing by three touchdowns was tough enough, but it was the offense's ineptitude that hurt most.
"There was nothing we could do," Gundy said. "It's like being 200 [yards] out from the green, you got to hit it up on the green to putt to tie it, and all you have in your bag is a 7-iron. It's going to be hard."
So before facing the seventh-ranked Bears on the road, Gundy emptied his bag. He looked around his locker room and decided to make some changes. It was time to go all-in on the future.
That included freshman walk-on offensive lineman Brad Lundblade. Eight months earlier, Gundy and his staff had made the difficult decision to not offer Lundblade a scholarship. He was a smart kid who loved Oklahoma State, visited campus often and got along well with everyone. But at around 6-foot-4, 280 pounds, he was a tad undersized to play offensive line in the Big 12.
Thankfully for Gundy, Lundblade's father had a heart-to-heart with his son. "Don't worry about the money," he told him. "Go follow your dream." Lundblade said thanks but no thanks to some lower-tier FBS offers, walked on at Oklahoma State and made the team out of camp. Then injuries hit and a few offensive linemen underperformed. Lundblade, who was on the scout team, was surprised when coaches told him he'd start traveling with the team.
Then the implosion against Texas happened.
"It was a tough year for us," Lundblade said. "They were looking to make a couple changes, so they gave me a shot."
The other change was at quarterback.
Gundy was planning to redshirt true freshman Mason Rudolph, a four-star prospect from Rock Hill, South Carolina, but after talking it over, the staff decided to give him a shot. At that time, Rudolph wasn't quite the Louis Vuitton-backpack-wearing, record-setting quarterback he has become, but he had confidence.
Mason Rudolph was thrust into the starting role as a true freshman in 2014. Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports
Rudolph and Lundblade both started in that game against Baylor. In the second quarter, trailing by three touchdowns, Rudolph dropped back and found David Glidden for an 8-yard touchdown. It was instant comfort after that. In the fourth quarter, Rudolph really let loose with a 68-yard touchdown pass to fellow true freshman James Washington.
It wasn't a pretty game by any means, but according to Gundy, the Cowboys started looking like an offense again. Looking back, it was the start of something special for Rudolph, Lundblade, Washington and the rest of that freshman class who are seniors today.
"We made our first start together, and we've been together ever since," Lundblade said. "We knew that we were young. We knew that any time you play that many young players, there's going to be a learning curve. So obviously, it was frustrating, but we weren't too worried about it. We knew it was going to pay off eventually. It was just a matter of time."
Most Career Pass TDs In OSU History TDs Span Brandon Weeden 75 2007-11 Mason Rudolph 66 2014-pres. Zac Robinson 66 2005-09
The next week against archrival Oklahoma, Rudolph threw for 273 yards and two touchdowns in a 38-35 win in overtime.
That offseason, Washington remembers waking up at 6 a.m. on Friday mornings to meet at Boone Pickens Stadium to run up and down the bleachers.
"Coming off of that year, we decided that we needed to actually work," he said. "We worked hard every single day, and that's really what set us up for these past few years. I feel like that gave us that drive."
For Washington, who grew up in Stamford, Texas, with a population of fewer than 4,000 people, working hard and running stadiums were nothing. If it weren't for football, he said he would be running a ranch putting in grueling dawn-to-dusk hours.
In fact, he chose Oklahoma State because it had a top agricultural program.
James Washington has 367 receiving yards on 13 catches through three games. Joe Sargent/Getty Images
But if all goes according to plan, he won't have to plant seed or herd cattle for money anytime soon. The 6-foot wideout has NFL written all over him, with one coach calling him a potential top-10 pick.
Lundblade said he has never seen anyone run as fast as Washington. Through three games, Washington has three touchdowns, and all of them have been for 40 yards or more. He currently ranks 12th nationally in receiving yards (367), despite catching just 13 passes.
It doesn't matter that he isn't that tall, according to his quarterback.
"That's what you're seeing today isn't your Terrell Owens- and Randy Moss-type height," Rudolph said. "You're seeing the Odell Beckhams, the Antonio Browns and the [Julian] Edelmans of the year that are smaller and change direction really well and are extremely fast. I don't think it's a problem. It's who he is and what he does."
But what's truly scary for opposing defenses is that Washington doesn't have to do it alone. Ask around, and you might hear that Washington isn't even the most explosive receiver on the roster. That honor could belong to former LSU transfer Tyron Johnson, whom Washington called a shifty, "make-you-miss" player.
Most Career Rec TDs In OSU History TDs Span Rashaun Woods 42 1999-03 Justin Blackmon 40 2008-11 Hart Lee Dykes 31 1985-88 James Washington 29 2014-17 Dez Bryant 29 2007-09
Johnson didn't even play against Pitt. Against the Panthers, four Cowboys had at least 100 receiving yards: Washington, Marcell Ateman, Jalen McCleskey and Dillon Stoner.
In a bit of premonition, Narduzzi was asked before the game how he felt about his defense's ability to give up big plays.
"I don't feel good when I look at James Washington out there and Mason Rudolph," he said. "Just go put on Oklahoma State [film]: big, explosive passes and runs. ... As soon as you start playing Cover 2 and trying to put two over that guy, it's out the gate going 98, and that's not good, either. So it's pick your poison."
Washington scared him, Narduzzi said, "but I'm scared of them all."
That is music to Rudolph's ears. What might be seen as a problem to some -- too many receivers, not enough passes to go around -- is a solution to the senior quarterback, who said he prefers that his receivers be a little angry at one another.
"That's healthy," he said. "Not necessarily angry, but competitive angry. That just makes them run their routes harder and 100 percent effort every snap."
Said Washington: "When it's your turn to get the ball, make it happen. Because you don't know how many you're going to get."
It's the combination of talent and experience that makes Oklahoma State's offense special.
Offensive coordinator Mike Yurcich is a taskmaster, according to Gundy, and Rudolph is a "workaholic." He compared Rudolph's work ethic to that of Peyton Manning and freely admits that he won't be able to hide the brilliant mind of Yurcich on his staff much longer.
That is probably true, considering his offense is second in points scored, third in total yards and fifth in third-down conversion percentage among FBS teams. Oklahoma State is first in expected points added on offense, which factors in things such as down and distance, field position, home-field advantage and time remaining. The Cowboys are doing this with incredible balance (104 passes to 109 rushes) and speed (29th in time of possession per play).
"I'll be honest, and I mean this as humble as possible," Gundy said. "I have no clue what people are going to do."
Tulsa tried to stop the pass and lost 59-24 as running back Justice Hill rushed for 132 yards and a touchdown.
South Alabama went with a Bear front to try to stop the run, only to lose 44-7 as Rudolph completed 25 of 38 passes for 335 yards and three touchdowns.
ESPN Stats and Info
"We felt like we always want to stop the run," Jones said. "But that guy, the quarterback, obviously had a great game.
"It's kind of like damned if you do, damned if you don't."
Tulsa coach Philip Montgomery said he thought his defense could get pressure on Rudolph and create turnovers. On one play, he had two defenders get to Rudolph.
"And he still dropped a dime and threw a touchdown for about 50 yards," Montgomery said.
The spread, RPO concepts Oklahoma State is able to use are more advanced than most, Montgomery said, and it's a direct testament to how experienced and well-versed Rudolph is in the offense. When he gets to the line of scrimmage, he has three different checks he can make within a single formation.
The best you can do, Montgomery said, is make a stop on first down and hope for the best.
"If you want an opportunity to get after Oklahoma State, you have to play really good defense on first down, get them behind the sticks, and you have to do that continually throughout the game," he said. "They're going to get their chunks of yardage, they're going to make some plays, but if you can get them in a situation where they're struggling on first down and having to really make yards on second down, to me that's where you put pressure on them. If you can't do that, if they can do whatever they want on first down, they're going to eat you up."
It sounds painful, if not outright unfair, from the other side of the field.
But ask the Cowboys, and it's a blast.
"It's crazy," Hill said. "It's really fun. Just being out there with your teammates, you don't have to do much besides your job. And then you look up, and you see James and Marcell and somebody else is out there running for a touchdown."
Hill makes it sound easy, marching up and down the field at will, but it didn't start out that way. You'll have to forgive him because the sophomore is something of a newcomer to the party.
In fact, this offense was years in the making.
But now that it's all pieced together, it really is something to behold.
When I moved in I bought an IKEA Ramvik table and while travelling this summer I had an idea (don't ask why): decorate its top with Lego bricks used as pixels. Here are the steps I went through. If you don't care about those steps and want to see a nice time-lapse video, scroll to the end of the article!
Lego bricks
First things first. What are the Lego brick sizes and colors available? Oddly enough this question is not that easily answered. Probably because Lego's site is crappy, or because nobody really cares... I eventually found Brickipedia which happens to be a much richer resource than the official ones. Everything I was looking for was there: the Lego "unit" is 8 millimeters and the color palette is pretty simple.
Table specs
Knowing my table size I had various options, depending on the "pixel size" I'd choose. Of course the number of bricks (and the price) would also vary. So I created a dynamic spreadsheet on Google Docs that'd do the calculations for me... Here it is, with all the options possible (French, sorry).
iframe: https://spreadsheets.google.com/pub?key=0AmyvU-n2aOBpdG5oNUN6UW0xcUJ4a2E3eXFrTTJIVnc&hl=en&output=html&widget=true
I chose the 4x4 option, quite cheap and still offering a cool number of pixels.
Design
36x16 pixels of freedom, that's it. I tried lots of different designs, from lo-fi photos to pixel-art drawings. I decided to go for a Heavy Oblique Futura.
Actual size:
Looking good.
The Lego palette
I set my type to white, on a black background. The anti-aliasing process creates gray-scale pixels to smooth the curves, which is great, but Lego bricks aren't available in all colors! To have a realistic preview of what it would look like I had to create a Photoshop Color Table matching Lego's gray-scales (if you're interested, just ping me [UPDATE: here they are]). Here's a comparison between Photoshop's default gray-scales (left) and Lego's palette (right):
You may notice that Lego's black is a little bit light and the grays are yellowish.
Time to order bricks!
Already? Nope, not that fast. Before ordering I had to know exactly what to order, that means counting the pixels. Well, I'm not this kind of guy. I'm a developer; I hate repetitive chores, you know.
So I fired up Flash Builder and came up with PaletteCounter a simple, OpenSource, app to count pixels of each color. I also added some kind of "assembly instructions generator" to help us build it. Handy.
Time to order!
Really? Yup. I placed an order on lego.com's Pick A Brick and received it a couple of weeks later. Yay!
Let's do this
I'm not going to describe the process (that happened this saturday), just have a look at this time-lapse vid. 1020 pics shot in about an hour, yummy. Thanks to Céline and Julie for helping out!
This page has been translated in Russian by Karina.
WASHINGTON — President Obama will announce on Friday a handful of executive actions and private and nonprofit groups' investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy.
The initiatives will not amount to much in terms of energy policy or their impact on global warming. But they are part of a broader campaign to build public support for an Environmental Protection Agency rule that the White House will unveil in June. The rule, which has already run into objections, will limit carbon pollution from coal-fired power plants and is expected to create a major new market for zero-carbon energy from sources like wind and solar.
Mr. Obama will make his announcement in a speech at a Walmart in Mountain View, Calif., where he will talk up the benefits of solar power and energy efficiency. The speech will come at the end of a presidential fund-raising trip to Silicon Valley.
The president chose Walmart to make a point: The corporation gets about 25 percent of its electricity from renewable power sources such as solar and wind. In the United States over all, only about 5 percent of power comes from renewable sources.
Washington rejects Moscow's claims about targeting of its airstrikes – Russia's first major military action outside borders of former Soviet Union since cold war
Washington has accused Moscow of throwing “gasoline on the fire” of the Syrian civil war, rejecting Russia's claims that its first airstrikes in the war-torn country had targeted Islamic State terrorists.
In a dramatic escalation of the conflict in Syria, Russia launched a series of airstrikes on Wednesday that it said were aimed at Isis terrorists but which mainly appeared to hit less extreme groups fighting Bashar al-Assad's regime.
The Russian gambit – the first time the country has launched major military action outside the borders of the former Soviet Union since the end of the cold war – came two days after the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, spoke to the UN and called for an international coalition against terrorism to fight Isis.
Multiple reports from the ground, however, suggested the Russian airstrikes on Wednesday had targeted groups linked to the Free Syrian Army, the main opposition to Assad. A resident of Talbiseh in Homs said two airstrikes primarily hit residential areas of the town, killing about 20 people.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sergei Lavrov: ‘Don't listen to Pentagon about the Russian strikes'
Ashton Carter, the US defence chief, said his understanding was also that the Russian strikes “were in areas where there were probably not Isil forces,” the closest that any US official went on Wednesday to declaring that Moscow – instead of attacking Isis – had attacked the enemies of Assad.
The veneer of cooperation that the US president, Barack Obama, and Putin had sought to establish at the UN this week was pierced.
“Russia states an intent to fight Isil on the one hand, and to support the Bashar al-Assad regime on the other. Fighting Isil without pursuing a parallel political transition only risks escalating the civil war in Syria – and with it, the very extremism and instability that Moscow claims to be concerned about and aspire to fighting,” said Carter at an impromptu press conference. “So that approach is tantamount … to pouring gasoline on the fire.”
Carter stopped short of demanding an end to the airstrikes, suggesting it was not too late for Russia to change its position.
Speaking outside Moscow on Wednesday, Putin said Russia would not “plunge head-first” into the conflict but would provide temporary air support for a Syrian army offensive.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Russian defence ministry footage purports to show airstrikes hitting eight Islamic State (Isis) targets.
Russia's defence ministry confirmed airstrikes had taken place, claiming the targets were military and communication equipment “belonging to the terrorists of Isis”.
A day after the Pentagon announced that Carter was establishing a communications channel with his Russian counterpart, Sergei Shoygu, to “deconflict” any overlapping airstrikes, Russian officials told US diplomats in Baghdad that the Americans should avoid Syrian airspace during a Russian operation of uncertain duration. US officials rejected the demand.
A US defence official said: “While we would welcome a constructive role by Russia in this effort [to deconflict strikes], today's demarche hardly seems indicative of that sort of role and will in no way alter our operations.”
He added that the strikes underscored the need for “meaningful deconfliction discussions very soon”.
Later on Wednesday, the US secretary of state, John Kerry, and his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov met and announced they were launching a new diplomatic initiative in the search for a political solution in Syria, perhaps meeting as soon as Thursday to discuss deconfliction.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Russian airstrikes in Syria are unlikely to have hit Isis targets, said Ashton Carter.
They conceded that the two countries remained far apart on important issues, such as the future of Assad, but said they had agreed on some smaller confidence-building steps that might build momentum for broader progress.
Neither man, however, said what those steps would be. Both said they had first to be checked with their respective capitals.
“We also agreed that it is imperative to find a solution to this conflict and to avoid escalating it in any way and see it intensify by forces beyond anybody's control,” said Kerry.
Syrian rebels and opposition media outlets claimed that Russian aircraft carried out strikes in the central provinces of Homs and Hama that allegedly killed at least 24 people.
Activists in Hama said Russian fighter jets targeted the town of Lataminah, north of the city. Homs Media Centre, a pro-opposition media outlet, identified 22 individuals killed in what was described as Russian strikes in the town of Talbiseh, in the north of the province. It was not immediately possible to verify the claims.
Other video footage from Hama showed warplanes that the opposition said were Russian jets, but which were difficult to identify positively from a distance.
A commander with a Syrian rebel group known as Tajammu al-Izzah, which operates in northern Hama and claims allegiance to the Free Syrian Army, said his organisation's base in the foothills of Hama had been targeted by Russian warplanes.
The group was one of the few in Syria to have received anti-tank rockets and had regularly used them against Syrian armour. Tajammu al-Izzah is thought to be one of a small number of opposition groups to have been vetted by US defence teams in Turkey.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest David Cameron says Russian airstrikes in Syria would be a good thing, as long as they do not target the Free Syrian Army.
If confirmed, these attacks are an indication that Russia's campaign in Syria will be more expansive and will target opposition fighters battling to topple the Assad regime, rather than focusing on Isis. Putin has repeatedly cast Assad as part of the solution rather than part of the problem in Syria.
The US official did not provide confirmation of the Russian targets, but said the Russians had indicated, through a communication delivered to the US embassy in Baghdad, that Wednesday's strikes inaugurated a Russian air campaign, not a one-off bombing run – the fruit of an aggressive Russian buildup centred on the airbase in Latakia that has prompted intrigue and concern in the west as to Russia's goals.
“The US-led coalition will continue to fly missions over Iraq and Syria as planned and in support of our international mission to degrade and destroy Isil,” the defence official said.
The apparent geography of the strikes raises doubts that US and Russian pilots would in fact risk a confrontation, however. The early reports from the anti-Assad activists in Hama and Homs suggest the strikes occurred further west than the US has ever bombed, deep into territory where the Assad regime still maintains a tenuous hold, and probably within range of its air defences. The US has tended not to strike territory where Isis and Assad actively vie for control.
David Cameron, currently in Jamaica, said his evaluation of Russia's move would depend on the targets. “I have a clear view that if this is a part of international action against [Isis], that appalling terrorist death cult outfit, then that is all to the good,” said the British prime minister.
“If, on the other hand, this is action against the Free Syrian Army in support of Assad the dictator, then obviously that is a retrograde step but let us see exactly what has happened.”
Philip Hammond, the British foreign secretary, warned Russia that its military intervention could mean Moscow shares criminal responsibility for the regime's use of barrel bombs against its own people.
He said Britain was still trying to confirm the targets of the airstrikes, but added: “Now the Russians are very openly and ostentatiously there propping up the regime, they are vulnerable to international pressure. They have a shared responsibility. They may arguably have a legal exposure to this barrel bombing activity. Barrel bombing is criminal. It breaches international humanitarian law.”
Hammond said the impact of the Russian strikes would depend on their targets. “These are the first Russian strikes and the targets will be symbolic. The targets won't have been selected by accident,” he said shortly before a Russian-chaired session of the UN security council on the issue.
At the session, Lavrov announced that Moscow would circulate a draft resolution to provide a mandate for a multilateral coalition against Isis, “based on international law”.
Russia has made clear that no military action in Syria can be legal without the approval of the Syrian government. The US, UK and France reject the legitimacy of the regime, in view of its role in suspected war crimes, and argue that western airstrikes in Syria are legal under the UN charter because they are a response to Isis sourcing attacks from Syrian territory against an ally, Iraq.
“I would be astonished if anything came out of the meeting,” said Hammond. “I don't think the security council will be willing to say anything that doesn't involve a reference to Assad ultimately not being part of the new Syria, and I don't see the Russians at this stage being able to accept that kind of language.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Image provided by Homs Media Centre of smoke rising after airstrikes in Talbiseh. Photograph: Associated Press
The strikes came after Putin received permission from parliament for Russian forces to act on foreign soil. The federation council, Russia's upper house of parliament, held a swift, closed session on Wednesday morning in which it unanimously approved Putin's request.
Putin said in New York that Russia would not carry out ground operations in Syria, and his chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov, emphasised this again on Wednesday, saying the request to the federation council referred exclusively to airstrikes.
He did not give any figures of the number of planes likely to be involved or the number of Russian military specialists on the ground inside Syria to back up the operation. He also insisted western bombing raids in Syria were illegal.
Russia's Syria gambit could be a game changer – but only if it hastens transition Read more
“You all know well that in the territory of Syria and Iraq … a number of countries are carrying out bombing strikes, including the United States,” said Ivanov.
“These actions do not conform with international law. To be legal they should be supported either by a resolution of the UN security council, or be backed by a request from the country where the raids are taking place.”
Ivanov said Assad had asked Russia for military assistance, making Russia's actions legitimate.
Putin had told the UN the world should come together to fight Isis in the same way as it joined forces to fight Hitler in the second world war, though differences between Russia and the west over the role and fate of Assad have always made it unlikely that a broad coalition will emerge.
Putin spent 90 minutes in a bilateral meeting with Obama after his speech to the UN general assembly, about half of which was spent discussing Syria. The main disagreement was on the future role of Assad.
While Putin has characterised the Syrian president as a heroic fighter against terrorism, Kerry reiterated again on Wednesday that “by definition” Isis could not be defeated while Assad remained in power.
On March 7, 2017, I was contacted on Facebook by someone who noticed that my tracks were the same as those released by another artist. That artist is Jason Dowd of Galway, Ireland, recording as ‘Any Colour You Like,' published under his Eyesix Records label. Prior to March 7, 2017 I had never heard of Jason Dowd, nor had I ever met or corresponded with him or Eyesix Records.
I did some research and, over the next few days, I discovered that Jason Dowd/Any Color You Like (ACYL) had stolen a great deal of my music from both my Bandcamp and SoundCloud accounts and was illegally selling it as his own music, under different titles and in different order.
These are the stolen tracks that I know of (as of March 12, 2017) and the albums on which they were sold:
ACYL album: ‘Love Thy Nature'
‘Sunrise Projectors' is actually the COE song ‘Interference' from 2009's 'Dewline.'
ACYL album: ‘Tomorrow's Yesterday'
ACYL album: ‘Samhain'
‘Sixth Dawn Helix' is ‘Six Solar Helix' from ‘Arctica Andromeda.'
ACYL album: ‘New Clear Dawn'
ACYL album: ‘Sunrise Projector'
I am not sure how much money Jason Dowd/ACYL made by illegally selling my music as his own, but it seems he had it for sale for at least a year on Bandcamp. I have since been contacted by numerous individuals who knew my music because they thought ACYL composed it.
If you have purchased any Cities of Earth music from ACYL, please contact me for a free download of the actual albums. I worked very hard on this music, over many years, and I want it to be heard in the correct order and in the proper context. If you are in the media and wish to hear some isolated song stems for further proof, contact me: citiesofearth[at]gmail.com
—Michael King, Cities Of Earth
UPDATE, March 14, 2017: A Facebook user pointed out that these COE songs were also renamed and resold across several other ACYL ‘albums':
Expo '67 (Field Array)
Lost In Translation (Field Array)
Kodyak (Oracle)
Tetra Annex (Caribou)
Fractal Cloud (Forest Projector)
Sundance (Sundog)
* * *
State-level elections take on extra weight for education this year given that the fresh rewrite of the main federal K-12 education law—called the Every Student Succeeds Act—hands substantial authority back to states.
“The federal government has loosened the reins on testing issues, on state accountability systems,” said Andy Smarick, an education expert at the American Enterprise Institute, during an Education Writers Association panel on the elections last month.
“Who's going to be making these calls over the next several years?” asked Smarick, who was an education official under President George W. Bush and is now president of the Maryland state board of education. “Well, it's going to be state boards of education, governors, state superintendents, state legislatures.”
Twelve governors' races are in play this year, plus thousands of seats in state legislatures. Ballotpedia, a nonpartisan organization that tracks elections, ranked the top 20 state legislative chambers across the U.S.—of the 86 holding elections this year—that “might, realistically” see a change in party control. On the list were states including Colorado, Michigan, and New York.
Lily Eskelsen García, the president of the National Education Association, said recently that her union is paying close attention to governors' races, and singled out elections in Montana and North Carolina as examples.
In Montana, Steve Bullock is “a Democratic governor who has really invested in public schools,” she said at the EWA elections forum. While in North Carolina, the NEA president is hoping Attorney General Roy Cooper, a Democrat, will unseat Republican Governor Pat McCrory.
Eskelsen García argues that a push by Governor McCrory for “huge tax cuts, with corporations not paying their fair share, and not investing in their public schools,” leaves him “very vulnerable to his Democratic challenger, who is talking about public-school funding.”
But McCrory touts his record on education on his campaign website, including what he says are increases in state spending—including teacher pay raises—plus additional money for textbooks and a reading initiative.
“Governor Pat McCrory has made the rise of teacher pay a centerpiece of his bid for re-election,” WUNC reported in August. The news outlet finds that while the governor has overseen a substantial rise in educator salaries, the increases are not as dramatic as McCrory suggests, and in the governor's first year in office, salaries actually declined.
* * *
The Massachusetts ballot measure, which would allow up to 12 new charter schools to open each year, has pitted teachers' unions, school superintendents, and other charter critics against Republican Governor Charlie Baker, pro-charter advocacy groups, and others, including wealthy supporters from the business community in Massachusetts and beyond.
“I . . . I have never seen Ambition die like that in lane ever.” -Christopher “Montecristo” Mykles
It happened so fast, the English OnGameNet casters initially thought it was a computer bug. Yet the game continued uninterrupted, albeit without CJ Entus Blaze mid laner Kang “Ambition” Chan-yong's Kha'Zix for 25 seconds. With this play, solo queue phenom Lee “Faker” Sang-hyeok immediately stamped his name all over SK Telecom T1 #2's Champions debut in Champions Spring 2013.
The new Champions team unexpectedly upended CJ Entus Blaze 2-0 on the back of potent early game advantages that Blaze, in spite of their superior minion control, was ultimately unable to overcome. This series mapped out SK Telecom T1 #2's modus operandi for their future opponents — snowball lanes early and use that advantage to crush adversaries slowly. Naturally, Faker was a large part of this, as he all-too-often bested opponents in lane without help. The end result was a team that molded around him without becoming solely about him, at least initially.
Increasingly at Faker's side throughout 2013 was rookie jungler Bae “bengi” Seong-woong whose blueprint can be seen as early as SK Telecom T1 #2's first match against Blaze. Bengi's sole task was to ensure that his teammates were ahead in lane. On aggressive ganking champions like Jarvan IV and Lee Sin, bengi guaranteed that his lanes won. In today's metagame this would appear rudimentary — win lane, win game, as the saying goes, is reserved for lower-tier teams who rely on a more solo queue mentality for victory. However, applying this to 2013 SK Telecom T1 #2 does a disservice to the team itself as well as the raw talent of its individuals and undermines how the team evolved together, including their highest highs and lowest lows.
Faker easily became the team's brightest star, followed by rookie AD carry Chae “Piglet” Gwang-jin. The more experienced top laner Jung “Impact” Eon-yeong and support Lee “PoohManDu” Jeong-hyeon steadied the team, particularly the latter who was famously tasked with keeping the energetic and erratic Piglet in check. Their unmatched laning dominance, facilitated by bengi, earned SK Telecom T1 #2 a shockingly high finish in their first-ever OGN season, falling to eventual champions MVP Ozone in the Semifinals before sweeping CJ Entus Frost to claim third place. Simple lane supremacy could not win a Champions title, and SK Telecom T1 #2's poor late-game teamfighting was enough to spell their demise.
Slight adjustments were made throughout Champions Summer 2013 where SK Telecom T1 continued to obliterate their opponents. Their first game of summer was a quick surrender from LG IM #2 on the back of a 2/0/14 Nunu performance and an overwhelming split push. Again, bengi was tasked with providing early pressure to snowball his lanes, but with the added job of supplying necessary crowd control and vision. It was in this season that bengi came into his own, displaying his signature style that most know him for today. While bengi would repeatedly find himself actively aiding lanes — especially for Faker and Piglet — he also made a name for himself by invading the opposing jungle and placing vision, further securing his teammates' early success on his signature Jarvan as well as Nunu and Vi. Bengi's vision control allowed his allies, particularly Faker, to play aggressively in lane on their own, even with less of his ganking pressure.
This is particularly important when considering the metagame at the time, and what Faker was wont to play. His fame skyrocketed in 2013 thanks in large part to calculated 1v1 outplays on assassins like Ahri, Zed, LeBlanc, even the occasional Syndra and Kassadin. Extra security from bengi's vision net propagated Faker's forward lane positioning. In 2013, the most general role of a jungler was that of a facilitator. Lanes held the more important carries, and even the title of “carry jungler” often belonged to aggressive gankers, like KT Rolster's Lee “KaKAO” Byung-kwon or more cerebral pathing prodigies like MVP's Choi “DanDy” In-kyu.
Fast forward to 2016 and a specific shift in how Faker relates to his jungler acts as a microcosm for current mid and jungler partnerships. In an interesting role reversal from 2013 bengi enabling Faker, SK Telecom T1's new jungler Kang “Blank” Sun-gu was largely guided by Faker throughout LCK Spring 2016.
After a series of poor showings in the first few weeks of the regular season, SK Telecom T1 gave the starting jungle position to relative newbie Blank over the veteran bengi. Previously, Faker and bengi's SK Telecom T1 K had struggled in mid-to-late 2014, when bengi's effectiveness fell significantly due to extreme meta shifts that introduced double jungling with the top laner and fast outer-turret pushes in laneswaps. The team's inability to adapt — in spite of continued dazzling 1v1 carry performances from Faker — punctuated the only season where SK Telecom T1 failed to send a team to the League of Legends World Championship. Unwilling to allow another meta shift to cost their team another chance at glory, SKT wisely started Blank for the remainder of Spring 2016.
With reported stage fright issues, and the now-massive shadow of bengi's achievements with the team in 2013 and 2015, the decision to start Blank wasn't initially regarded as a wise one at all. Prior to SKT's appearance at the Season X IEM World Championship, the fact that Blank was listed as the only jungler bound for Katowice with the team earned no small amount of ire from SKT fans. Blank had been shaky at best in his appearances that season — many regarded his Game 3 arrival against the ROX Tigers in Week 3 as SKT giving up on winning the series — and sending him to an international event following the team's unmistakable first round robin struggles appeared to be the height of arrogance.
Instead, Blank cut his teeth on his international opponents, finally looking like he belonged as a strong member of SKT in his own right. Doubts remained about how he would perform upon returning to Korea, but Blank and SKT quickly quelled them with a 14-6 overall record and 9-2 series record.
A large part of Blank's maturation during LCK Spring 2016 is owed to Faker and once again how SKT molded their playstyle to suit not only the current metagame but to leverage their greatest strengths against their obvious vulnerabilities. In 2013, it was their lack of teamfight coordination and tight objective control, which they overcame through bengi's vision safety net and unrivaled lane dominance. In 2016, it was focusing on the same late-game teamfighting that had eluded previous iterations of SKT to empower AD carry Bae “Bang” Jun-sik while Blank caught up to speed.
During Blank and SKT's growing pains, another jungle and mid partnership dominated the LCK Spring 2016 regular season with reversed roles — eventually defeated by Faker and Blank in the LCK Spring 2016 Finals. Han “Peanut” Wang-ho burst onto the Korean scene this past split with an invigorated ROX Tigers. In spite of rumored attitude issues during his 2015 bungled debut on NaJin e-mFire, which saw veteran Cho “watch” Jae-geol start over the talented rookie, Peanut synergized with the Tigers flawlessly, giving their early game an unprecedented boost that former jungler Lee “Hojin” Ho-jin had been unable to provide.
The primary beneficiary of Peanut's smothering jungle pressure was Tigers mid laner Lee “KurO” Seo-haeng. Maligned for the majority of 2015, KurO had previously been seen as dead weight, along with Hojin, holding the Tigers back from reaching their true potential. Once KurO had a jungler who consistently applied early pressure, murdered his jungle adversaries, and kept opponents out of mid lane, KurO was free to do whatever he wanted, resulting in a career split.
Where Faker had guided Blank through the jungle, Peanut guided KurO through the mid lane. Both duos met in the LCK Spring 2016 Final, with SK Telecom T1 unexpectedly coming out on top. Peanut was bested by Blank, who exploited Peanut's Graves with the more proactive Kindred, and bested Peanut's Kindred with the help of Faker's roaming Vel'Koz.
Simply perusing Faker's champion pool of the past split and comparing it to that of Summer 2013 showcases the vast shift in SKT's priority from then to now. Orianna, Ahri, Zed, Gragas and Syndra were Faker's most-played champions in the Summer 2013 regular season. By contrast, he spent the majority of his time on Lulu, Corki, Azir, Lissandra and Viktor in LCK Spring 2016. While much of this is due to the meta, noticeably absent in his most-played is LeBlanc — a signature champion of his — in spite of appearing in other Korean mids' top five and having her own place in the meta.
Azir deserves specific annotation since the Emperor of the Sands stood out in 2015 as the primary reason for SKT starting Lee “Easyhoon” Ji-hoon in the mid lane for half of Spring. Faker not only mastered Azir, he plays him as an aggressive assassin, unlike any other mid laner in the world. Most importantly he utilized these champions to control the center of the map, allowing his teammates more freedom. Where 2013 bengi had controlled vision around mid and in enemy territory, opening the Rift for SK Telecom T1's aggressive lanes, 2016 Faker performed a similar role with wave clear and zoning utility mages.
Faker's control allowed Blank to make mistakes and learn, adjusting his pathing accordingly. At first, Blank was only marginally more effective than bengi, and only come mid game when he grouped with the rest of his team for teamfights. Adept on the current set of jungle champions like Nidalee, Kindred, and Graves, Blank's teamfight positioning was fairly strong from the start, especially as a secondary damage carry rather than a utility tank or crowd control initiator.
Unlike in seasons past, the term “carry jungler” has changed in 2016 to a damage carry that farms much like a fifth laner. A DPS carry requires different positioning and mindset — one that occasionally conflicts with the traditional role of jungler as a facilitator. This mindset appeared to come to Blank somewhat naturally, all he needed was a teammate to guide him through the early game and coordinate crowd control in mid-game skirmishes or full blown 5v5 engagements. Enter Faker.
From solo queue phenom naturally bending SK Telecom T1 #2's playstyle to suit his aggressive dueling prowess, Faker has evolved into a guidepost, controlling the center of the map and leading his teammates by example. His flashy outplays sustain highlight reel after highlight reel, yet he found even greater value for his team as a mentor driving SK Telecom T1 to continued heights.
Emily Rand is a staff writer for theScore eSports. She still believes that the OGN Champions Summer 2013 Final between SK Telecom T1 and KT Rolster Bullets is the greatest series in LoL history. You can follow her on Twitter.
Background Further to the success of the Sea-Me-We 2 ("South East Asia Middle East Western Europe 2") submarine cable project started during the late 80's, Singapore Telecom and France Telecom started in 1993 some preliminary studies for a follow-on high capacity cable linking Europe to the Asia-Pacific region.
In December 1994, a Memorandum of Understanding was signed by 16 Parties for the development of the Sea-Me-We 3 project between Western Europe and Singapore. In November 1996, additional MOU(s) were signed to extend the system from Singapore to the Far East and to Australia. Finally in January 1997, the Construction and Maintenance Agreement for Sea-Me-We 3 was signed by 92 International Carriers. By end-2000 the entire network was completed.
Sea-Me-We 3 includes 39 landing points in 33 countries and 4 continents from Western Europe (including Germany, England and France) to the Far East (including China, Japan and Singapore) and to Australia. Sea-Me-We 3 is the longest system in the world with a total length of 39,000 km. The use of Wavelength Division Multiplexing greatly increases the capacity of the network allowing high quality transmission all the way over distances as far as from Germany to Australia.
The System capacity as at August 2003, had been upgraded twice already and today it consists of two fibre pairs each carrying 8 wavelengths. Some wavelengths operate at 10G whilst others at 2.5G. In 2006, 2nd 10G Upgrade was completed which increased Sea-Me-We-3 system capacity significantly. In May 2007, Sea-Me-We-3 Management Committee announced the completion of another 10G upgrade for 48 wavelengths or so-called 3rd 10G Upgrade, and subsequently the 5th Notional Capacity Expansion was distributed to all the owners.
At the time of the C&MA signature, capacity could be purchased on an Ownership basis. After the C&MA signature, capacity can only be purchased on an IRU basis.
For the capacity pricing, Sea-Me-We 3 introduced a very innovative Price Incentive Scheme based on the MIU*km concept. For each MIU (i.e. a 2 Mbit/s circuit) between two landing points, the price is equal to the geographical distance between these two points (subject to a minimum of 550 km and to a maximum of 10,000 km) multiplied by the unit cost for a MIU*km.
For IRU purchase, the price will be at a Fixed Price of USD50 per miu*km for circuit within any segment in Sea-Me-We 3.
A dedicated team consisting of the landing party Administrations meet annually to plan cable restoration arrangements for the following year, so that there will be minimal interruption to customer service in case the submerged plant develops problems. Sea-Me-We-3 consortium has a tradition of strong co-operation amongst its members. It is essential that the interests of the majority in maintaining customer business continuity are taken care of.
Due to the huge capacity and excellent connectivity to many countries and its innovative pricing structure, Sea-Me-We-3 is ideally suited to meet the traffic needs of the new technologies such as broadband services, Internet, video services and ATM. Forgot your password? The SMW3 UPG#5 E2E JAC and WAC CAR forms are available at the NA website for Upgrade#5 investors to download. The duly completed form is to be submitted to NA for E2E circuit activation. The Connectivity Diagrams after Upgrade#5 are now available on the NA website for parties to download. The SMW3 UPG#5 Portable Miu*Km have been distributed to the Upgrade#5 investors and the capacity are available at the NA website for their circuit activation via the normal activation procedure. NCE#7 has been distributed to Upgrade#5 investing parties on 15th May 2016 to each investing party's Reserve Capacity Pool. The Parties are BICS, CTM, MCII, MPT,ORANGE, OTE, REACH GNL, SINGTEL, STC, TI SPARKLE and TURK TELEKOM. NA have completed the process of capacity distribution of 34,336,512 MIU*km to SMW3 Parties by 1 Jan 2015, released from SMW4 MARA; and the distribution is according to the Q3 2014 Schedule B. Check out the latest JAC and WAC forms which has incorporated capacity conversion into one form. You will no longer required to submit RC->JAC and RC->WAC conversion requests. Deactivation and Path Deassignment forms have been incorporated into one form. The Path Deassignment (AC to RC) module is for capacity that has been converted but not activated. You will also be able to add more emails to the cc list for requestor and correspondent when you submit or match a request. For new website account ( Parties only ), kindly email the following information to the NA at g-smw3na@singtel.com (1) User Name (ID), (2) User Full Name, (3) Designation, (4) Office Address, (5) Office contact, (6) Office fax, (7) E-mail address and (8) Mobile number
Buy Photo U of L coach Bobby Petrino's team struggle all day against UK. Nov. 29, 2014 (Photo: , By Pat McDonogh, The CJ)Buy Photo
The University of Louisville football team waited and waited for the bowl dominoes to fall on Sunday.
Teammates text messaged each other. Families tried to determine travel plans. And U of L spent the day thinking it'd play a bowl game in Orlando or Nashville.
When the dust settled and the shifting was done, Louisville got a rather unexpected postseason assignment.
Louisville will take on Georgia in the Belk Bowl at 6:30 p.m. on Dec. 30 in Charlotte, N.C. The game will be played at Bank of America Stadium, the home of the Carolina Panthers, and will be broadcast on ESPN.
"I am proud of our team's hard work and commitment this season, and playing in the Belk Bowl against a nationally ranked SEC team is very exciting for our program," U of L coach Bobby Petrino said in a school-released statement.
"Charlotte is a great destination for our fans and very accessible. Georgia is a high-quality opponent with a great tradition, and the bowls first-ever top-20 matchup will definitely be exciting."
The most obvious story line is the matchup of Louisville defensive coordinator Todd Grantham against his former team. Grantham held the same position at Georgia for four seasons before joining U of L coach Bobby Petrino's staff earlier this year.
"It was a great experience going against Todd and his defense the four years he was here," UGA offensive coordinator Mike Bobo said in early October. "It helped make me a better coach ... He's a good football mind that knows football."
The connections go deeper than that for the Cards. Louisville has two former UGA players on its roster in defensive backs Josh Harvey-Clemons and Shaq Wiggins, who both had to sit out this season because of NCAA transfer rules.
Ten Cardinals call Georgia their home state, including defensive end Sheldon Rankins and linebacker Lorenzo Mauldin, the team's sack leaders.
Injured quarterback Will Gardner grew up a UGA fan and admired Matthew Stafford, who was the Bulldogs' star quarterback when Gardner was in high school. UGA recruited Gardner a bit, but the process didn't pick up much momentum and the Bulldogs eventually decided they weren't taking a quarterback in his class.
"I think it'll be similar to the Sugar Bowl when we played Florida (after the 2012 season), because we had a few guys from Florida," Smith said. "You watch Georgia football when you grow up in that state."
U of L (9-3) does have some history at the Belk Bowl, too. The Cards lost to NC State 31-24 in 2011.
Smith, now a senior, was a freshman for that game. He joked last season that the Belk Bowl had a solid gift package for the players participating in the game.
"We had a great time down there," he said Sunday.
Georgia (9-3) started the season ranked 12th in The Associated Press Top 25 and finished 13th in the College Football Playoff rankings, climbing as high as ninth in the Week 14 poll before losing to Georgia Tech.
The Bulldogs beat Clemson 45-21 in the season opener and eventually reached a 6-1 record, but the suspension and then injury of star running back Todd Gurley derailed UGA's College Football Playoff hopes.
Florida stunned Georgia on Nov. 1, and Tech edged out the Bulldogs in overtime in the last week of the regular season.
The bowl game later this month will be the first meeting of the teams.
"The selection of our team to play for the first time in the Belk Bowl is a great opportunity for our team, and especially our seniors," UGA head coach Mark Richt said in a school release.
"We've never been to Charlotte and it will be a new experience for our fans and all our players. Charlotte is an exciting city, has a great stadium, and will furnish first-class competition with a quality opponent like Louisville. It will be a challenge for our team and we are looking forward to the game."
The Handmaid's Tale bros, a Shatner-esque Captain Kirk, and a pitch-perfect recreation of Where In The World Is Carmen Sandiego— I mean Kellyanne Conway— made Chris Pine's Saturday Night Live debut one of the show's finest this season.
Pine appeared on SNL over the weekend as a spectacle of singing and dancing, starting with a song set to Billy Joel's “Uptown Girl” reminding the crowd that he's not Chris Pratt from Guardians of the Galaxy or Captain America's Chris Evans (Leslie Jones later shared a selfie calling him Thor, seriously there are way too many dudes named Chris). He's not the best singer, but he carries himself with so much confidence and enthusiasm, it honestly doesn't matter.
This was later followed with several sketches that seemed tailor-made for modern scifi or fantasy fans. “Star Trek Lost Episode” featured Pine impersonating his Star Trek predecessor, William Shatner, while also dancing to a song about pizza surfing. Also, there was a special shout-out to Kenan Thompson's Neil deGrasse Tyson, which was bubbling with adorableness.
Then, you got SNL's take on The Handmaid's Tale, which was surprisingly smarter than I thought it was going to be. I figured it would simply be a joke that Trump's America is Gilead, but that never came into the picture. It instead mocked men who feign ignorance as women's rights are taken away because it doesn't affect them. Could it have been better? Sure, but as is, I liked their take.
And finally, there was “Where In The World Is Kellyanne Conway,” which left me in stitches from beginning to end. Sasheer Zamata nailed Lynne Thigpen as The Chief, and the whole thing brought me back to watching the show as a kid. The sets, the a cappella, the kids' stupid intros about meeting lizards. And I love how it ended before things began, with the kids saying they didn't want to find Kellyanne Conway— because, let's be honest, who does. I definitely recommend checking out the entire episode, because it was a good one.
After reporting on August 17 that "there are signs that the administration may be backing off the so-called public option," ABC's World News host Charles Gibson went on to cite "experts" who said, in Gibson's words, "[I]f you take out the public option in terms of insurance, there's going to be no restraints on the cost of insurance." But in the three months prior, World News has never cited any health experts making that point; rather, correspondents only reported that the intention of the public plan was to drive down costs or cited Democrats making that claim.
From the August 17 edition of ABC's World News with Charles Gibson:
GIBSON: It is one of the core issues in the debate over health care reform. Should there be a government-run insurance program side by side with private insurers? President Obama has been pushing hard for that, saying it is the key to keeping health insurance costs from spiraling out of control. But now there are signs that the administration may be backing off the so-called public option. An effort to accommodate one side in the debate may be causing a backlash on the other. Jake Tapper is at the White House tonight to explain. Jake, good evening. TAPPER: Good evening, Charlie. Well, that's right. The president's push for a public, government-run plan has long been -- long been one of the centerpieces of his health care reform push. But now there are signs that he may be walking away from it, and liberal Democratic allies say you can't have true cost containment from private insurers without it. [...] TAPPER: The president -- at this point I think there is a pragmatism that is coming over this White House. They realize that it is more important for them to pass something, even if it is incremental and not everything they wanted to pass, and so they are setting expectations lower and lower. GIBSON: But, Jake, we talked to some health care experts today, and they all said if you take out the public option in terms of insurance, there's going to be no restraints on the cost of insurance. And one by one, it seems, the cost-saving measures are coming out of health care reform. TAPPER: That's exactly right. And you saw over the weekend Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius also said that it looked like the end-of-life care provisions would also be gone from the bill, and that's another area where they had hoped to achieve real cost savings. So this bill is really being winnowed down considerably.
In previous three months, World News repeatedly ignored "experts" on cost-saving benefits of public option
Media Matters for America did a Nexis search* of World News transcripts and could not find any experts discussing the benefits of a public option on World News within the past three months. Rather, correspondents characterized the cost-saving benefit only as a Democratic claim, flatly asserted that the public plan was intended to drive down costs, invoked Republican concerns about a public option, or held no discussion about the benefit of a public plan at all.
From the August 12 edition of ABC's World News:
GIBSON: And the public option that may or may not be involved in an eventual bill, if it gets through Congress, the public option, would that be like Medicare, where you, where you, where you get the government collecting the money and dispersing it, but you use your own doctor? Or would it be like the congressional plan where you choose among? TIM JOHNSON (ABC News chief medical editor): Well we don't know the details, and the administration has not come up with its own plan, but it sounds more like Medicare. Where there will be a government insurance program, one of the options on the long list with other private plans that you can choose from. [...] KATE SNOW (ABC News correspondent): Supporting the President, a small business coalition and a teachers union started running this ad today. NARRATOR: There's a bill in Congress that will lower health care costs for families and businesses. That's what we need. Now. SNOW: But it's unclear whether the savings for families will happen. Reformers hope that a government insurance plan competing with private plans leads to lower premiums for all. But that's just a goal. And, will businesses have lower costs? Depends on their payroll. In the House bill, if it's more than $250,000, the company has to help employees pay for health insurance.
From the July 28 edition of ABC's World News:
JONATHAN KARL (ABC News congressional correspondent): Well, Charlie, the Senate Democrats are now on the verge of a deal that would do away with a central feature of the President's plan. And that's the creation of a government-run insurance program to compete with private insurance companies. They're doing this to break that gridlock and to get a few Republicans to support the deal. But there's a real risk that they're going to lose liberal Democrats in the process. You know, Charlie, back in April, 28 Democrats signed a letter saying that they believe that that government insurance program is essential to health care reform. GIBSON: Jake, it does seem that the Senate Democrats are backing off on a lot of the things that the President said, at the beginning were critical to him. TAPPER: That's exactly right. And, in fact, last week, when the President was asked what his health care priorities are, he listed just two, bringing down the costs of health care, and making sure that the bill is deficit-neutral. This is a change from different priorities he mentioned. As recently as May he was talking about universal coverage. So the President, as this process has gone forward, has recalibrated his priorities and expectations.
From the July 22 edition of ABC's World News:
TAPPER: The President will argue tonight that health care reform makes economic sense. "If we do not control these costs," he'll say, "we will not be able to control our deficit. If we do not reform health care, your premiums and out-of-pocket costs will continue to skyrocket." So, how is health care reform progressing on Capitol Hill as members of Congress try to sort out how to pay for reform and how to control costs? Well, it depends on who you ask and who is doing the asking. Talking to the House Democratic leader today, a key Democratic senator jokingly asked for divine intervention. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi insists everything is smooth sailing with the House bill that would require every American to get health insurance or pay a fine, create a government-run health plan to compete with private insurers to drive costs down, and impose an up to 5.4% new tax on top wage earners. [...] GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS (host, ABC's This Week): This is a very, very tough vote for a lot of members, Charlie. We just saw in Jake's piece that sentiment. A lot of members don't want to take a tough vote, which is going to have real cost controls and a tax increase if they know the Senate isn't going to act, as well.
From the July 21 edition of ABC's World News:
TAPPER: With members of the House and Senate having difficulty agreeing on the more contentious issues in health care reform, President Obama came to the rose garden today to accentuate the areas of consensus. OBAMA: We are closer than ever before to the reform that the American people need, and we're going to get the job done. TAPPER: Both the Democrats' bills in the House and Senate would reform insurance rules to, for example, prohibit denying coverage for those with preexisting medical conditions, offer a government-run plan to compete with private insurance to lower costs, and emphasize prevention and wellness programs. But the President was not all sugar and spice today.
From the July 15 edition of ABC's World News:
KARL: Now the hard part. Democrats are still divided on key details, including whether to create a government-run health insurance program and how to pay it for all. And Republicans are gearing up for a fight. SEN. JOHN McCAIN: Let me point out that this legislation has not one, single provision that is aimed at reducing the cost of health care. KARL: The President disagrees, and pushed back today from the White House. OBAMA: Deferring reform is nothing more than defending the status quo and those who would oppose our efforts should take a hard look at just what it is that they're defending.
From the July 14 edition of ABC's World News:
KARL: The sweeping changes to the health system would include a mandate requiring all Americans buy health insurance or pay a fine. Subsidies to help households with less than $88,000 in income buy the insurance. Eliminating co-payments and deductibles for preventative care, including physicals. No denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions. And creating a government-run insurance program to compete with private insurance. The price tag? More than $1 trillion over ten years. To help pay for it, the bill would slap a new surtax of up to 5.4% of those with incomes of over $400,000 a year. Most Republicans are already vowing to oppose the plan. REP. ROY BLUNT (R-MO): What we really have here is a bill that, without any question, will kill jobs, will limit access to health care, will raise taxes, and will lead to a government takeover of health care.
From the July 13 edition of ABC's World News:
TAPPER: Republicans and moderate Democrats have been increasingly expressing concern about the price tag of a trillion dollars over a decade. Liberals worry the President might abandon his proposal for a government run plan to compete with private insurers to drive costs down. The President had one message for all of them. OBAMA: For those naysayers and cynics who think this is not going to happen. Don't bet against us.
From the June 24 edition of ABC's World News:
TAPPER: Another major point of contention, the President's push for a government-run health insurance plan to compete with private insurance. Today Republicans said that would drive for-profit insurance companies out of business. REP. JOE BARTON (R-TX): If your bill were to become law, we wouldn't have much of a private health care system in America within 10 to 20 years. TAPPER: And the White House is showing some flexibility on the issue of the government-run plan, Charlie. The White House chief of staff recently told Democratic senators that the President is open to alternatives.
From the June 23 edition of ABC's World News:
TAPPER: The other big topic today, health care reform. The President has been pushing for a government-run public plan to compete with private insurance plans. He argues that would help drive down costs. But for the first time today, the President said such a plan was not a dealbreaker.
From the June 15 edition of ABC's World News:
TAPPER: President Obama pitched his health care reform package to mixed reviews. He told the physicians that General Motors and Chrysler's economic woes were in no small part due to skyrocketing health care costs. OBAMA: If we do not fix our health care system, America may go the way of GM. Paying more, getting less and going broke. TAPPER: And he said costs could be contained by creating a government run insurance plan to compete with private insurance. But doctors fear the not for profit public plan will drive private insurers out of business, swamping enrollments for the public plan and forcing the government to slash doctors rates. Republicans call the public plan a nonstarter. [...] STEPHANOPOULOS: Let me bring in our medical editor Tim Johnson right now. And Tim, let's go back to the President's AMA speech. Jake talked about the opposition to the public insurance option by the nation's doctors. I understand why the health insurance companies are against. They fear that it's going to put them out of the business. What's the - what re the doctors' biggest concerns? JOHNSON: The biggest concern quite frankly is economic. Medicare which is a public option plan for the elderly pays about 20% less to the doctors than private plan dos. And doctors are fearful that a widespread public plan will do the same. They have a love-hate relationship with Medicare by the way. They like predictability, and the simplicity of the forms but don't want to take the lesser amounts that are typically offered by a public plan.
From the June 9 edition of ABC's World News:
KARL: Now, the biggest, most controversial part of this bill is the creation of a government-run insurance program that would compete directly with private insurance companies. GIBSON: So there would be private companies operating side by side with the government insurance company. Republicans are complaining they'd hoped to be included in negotiations on this bill. Bipartisanship out the window? KARL: It sure looks that way. Democrats seem to think that they've got all the votes they need to charge ahead on their own and Republicans have just dug their heels in, in opposition to that idea of a government-run insurance program. GIBSON: And any solid sense, A, of how much this is going to cost, and B, how it would be paid for? KARL: Well, there's no official price tag on this yet, Charlie. But the estimates put it well over $1 trillion, and there is nothing in this outline today that says how they would pay it for. What we're told is the Senate Finance Committee will answer that question sometime next week.
*Nexis search terms:
(cost! or sav!) AND health AND ((public w/3 option) or (public w/3 plan) or (government-run) or (government w/3 plan) or (government w/3 insurance) or (public w/3 insurance))
health AND ((public w/3 option) or (public w/3 plan) or (government-run) or (government w/3 plan) or (government w/3 insurance) or (public w/3 insurance))
Source: ABC News transcripts
Date: Within 3 months
Switzerland's oldest private bank Wegelin & Co. will end its operations after it admitted that it had helped Americans to evade taxes.
Established in 1971, the bank will pay $57.8m (£36m, €44m) in fines to US authorities after pleading guilty in a New York court for helping more than 100 American citizens to hide $1.2bn from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for almost 10 years.
Wegelin will pay $20m in restitution, $15.8m in forfeiture of fees the bank collected from clients, and a $22m fine, which is subject to the approval by the judge. The bank was forfeited more than $16.2m in April.
"Once the matter is finally concluded, Wegelin will cease to operate as a bank," the bank said.
"The bank wilfully and aggressively jumped in to fill a void that was left when other Swiss banks abandoned the practice due to pressure from U.S. law enforcement," said US Attorney Preet Bharara, who also accused that the bank became a haven for US taxpayers looking to evade taxes.
The St. Gallen-based bank is the latest to reach a deal with US prosecutors as they try to identify citizens keeping their money in secret accounts overseas and the entities which helped them. The authorities are also investigating several Swiss banks, including Julius Baer and Credit Suisse, in connection with tax evasion by citizens.
It is also the first bank to plead guilty to a criminal charge in the government's probe. It was charged in February, a week after its deal to sell its non-US business to Swiss co-operating banking group Raiffeisen.
"Wegelin intentionally opened and maintained non W-9 accounts for these taxpayers with the knowledge that, by doing so, Wegelin was assisting these taxpayers in violating their legal duties. Wegelin was aware that this conduct was wrong," said Otto Bruderer, a managing partner of Wegelin, appeared in the US court on behalf of the bank.
Meanwhile, prosecutors accused the bank of creating sham foundations or code names for the accounts to disguise owners' identity and of taking steps to snatch business from rival UBS, which was under investigation.
SANTA CRUZ – Former Santa Cruz activist and Occupy Wall Street participant Robert Grodt was marching in darkness near the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa, Syria, when he was killed in a blast late July 5 or early the next morning, his family told the Sentinel.
Grodt, 28, has been called a martyr by the People's Defense Units, a Kurdish force known as YPG that is fighting the Islamic State. YPG also announced that American Nicholas Warden and British citizen Luke Rutter died in combat.
Grodt, originally from Simi Valley, lived in Santa Cruz before joining the Occupy Wall Street movement in New York. In New York, Grodt was serving as a medic in the Occupy movement. There, he met his partner, Kaylee Dedrick, who had been pepper sprayed by police.
In 2009 and 2010, Grodt was a team leader with Grassroots Campaigns, a nonprofit that conducts canvasses, in Santa Cruz, his former boss Spike Murphy told the Sentinel.
“He helped train people. He was particularly good at it,” Murphy said.
Get top headlines in your inbox every afternoon.
Sign up for the free PM Report newsletter.
Grodt's oldest sister, Stephanie Eason of Simi Valley, told the Sentinel by phone that the family has received a medical report from her brother's death while fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, or ISIS.
“He died instantly in the field and they had to get some of the wounded back so they had to leave him in the field,” Eason said. A subsequent mission recovered Grodt's body soon after.
The family learned about Grodt's death Saturday, Eason said. Grodt's 4-year-old daughter has not been told about the bombing.
“He's always been Robin Hood,” Eason said. “He will solve any problem. You could count on Robert.”
A gofundme.com account created Tuesday has raised almost $2,000 for Grodt's partner and child.
“On July 6, Rob and several comrades were killed during a particularly fierce gun battle, taking back the ISIS caliphate's capital of Raqqa in vicious street-by-street gunbattles,” YPG supporter and fundraiser organizer Justin Woodruff wrote in the gofundme campaign.
Eason said her brother knew the risks of battle.
“He went to Syria (the end of February) knowing he was going to receive training and would be placed in situations like that,” Eason said. “He was willing to do whatever it took.”
Corey Mynatt, who grew up with Grodt, said his best friend wasn't scared of combat.
“He was excited,” Mynatt said. “That's who he was. He's always had really strong ideologies.”
The YPG released a video Wednesday of Grodt's last scout report in Syria.
In the video, Grodt describes the experience of fighting with a multilingual group in an international struggle.
“This is a fire that may have started here, but it can kindle elsewhere,” Grodt said of the pressure to dismantle ISIS. “I started paying attention to the Kurdish struggle around 2004. … I had friends who came to help. I had just started a family.”
When a close friend left to fight with the Kurdish forces last year, Grodt became certain he would fight in the Middle East.
“I was like, I gotta go,” Grodt said.
I received this text message from a friend who fortunately is one of those who has not only read history but also never forget it.
“Richard the Lionheart fought the crusades against Muslims who were valiantly defended by Salahuddin Ayubi. In operation LionHeart, who is lion heart in present context? Can somebody ask Gen Ather Abbas?”
Since, I was running fever and hadn't watched TV or read newspaper for a couple of days; I ask him that what operation Lionheart is? He informed me that joint operation of Pakistani and ISAF forces in FATA is named operation Lionheart. I then forwarded that text message to my favorite hosts and was lucky to get reply from two of them. In their reply they told me that they would ask the question as the next day they were meeting Gen Abbas in Seminar in the Capital. To my knowledge, till these lines are typed, no has asked this questions on-air, may be due to the censor policies of their channels.
However, the messages like these are roaming through cellular network;
“Now the crusades against Muslims of Pakistan and Afghanistan have been named operation Lionheart after the title of crusader King Richard who fought against Salahudin Ayubi for four years and massacred each and every Muslim in Al-Quds when he conquered it for a brief period. The US Army, NATO and (some of the words are edited here) our own army are operating together under the operation Lionheart, there is no doubt left for the real Muslims and Pakistanis to recognize who their clear enemies are! If you love Islam and Pakistan now is the time to stand and fight for our Faith and Country.”
We can easily call these text messages, the views of radicals, extremists, illiterates, conservatives, enemies of free society and social change and so on. But we can't deny the truth that speaks very loud between the lines. Whether it should be a matter of our Faith or not, it's debatable as there are the people who still believe this is “our own War”. But what is the reason and intention behind naming an operation against Muslim, no matter extremist or moderate, after the name of a cruel crusader KINGS?
It's a new world, a cyber world, an era of information. I hope our forces and agencies would not loose their energy on making way out to shut the month speaking truth, but answering this simple question such as;
Why has a joint operation in FATA named after crusaders?
Is this a Slip of pin like the slip tong by Mr Bush right after 9/11 when he termed the war on terror as a Crusade?
Is it a deliberate act of western forces who think that Muslim masses would be stupid like their leadership and would have forgotten their history?
My friends are suggested to visit the following links for reading about Richard Lionheart. It will be also healthy for those responsible for dealing with western powers to visit the recommended Links.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_I_of_England
http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/historic_figures/richard_i_king.shtml
http://www.eyewitnesstohistory.com/crusades.htm
http://www.templarhistory.com/richard.html
http://www.jasarat.com/unicode/detail.php?category=8&coluid=241
Especially this one, Slaughter in the Desert
http://www.eyewitnesstohistory.com/lionheart.htm
In a campaign to snag an Emmy nomination, Seth MacFarlane has pissed off a “Family Guy”-loving cohort of Republicans by portraying bumbling patriarch Peter Griffin as Trump himself in their mailer received by voters this week.
The show has never received an Emmy or even received a nomination since 2006, so its creators took an aggressive tactic. Adopting Trump's orange-hued glow, signature white circles around the eyes, and big swoopy comb-over, Griffin asks, via caption: “As long as we're voting for dumb loudmouths, can I get an Emmy?”
Via Facebook
It didn't take long for Trump supporters who love “Family Guy” to take notice. When the “Family Guy” Facebook page posted a call to check out the parody, one commenter remarked, “Family Guy literally became less funny as they hired more and more liberal writers,” which currently has over 1300 likes. Political sparring broke out in the thread, with some fans defending their presidential candidate of choice by reminding fans of the show that “
One indignant commenter also pointed out that MacFarlane, who endorsed Bernie Sanders for president last year, is “a liberal socialist douche.” The show's median viewer age is about 33—one of the younger-skewing shows on network television–and Trump supporters, coincidentally, skew young, male and poor.
Looks like Trump fans will just have to settle for reruns of “The Apprentice.”
Former Fianna Fáil Councillor in Sligo Joe Queenan has broken his silence on the RTE documentary on politicians and the planning process.
He was one of three Councillors who appeared to accept offers of money or future investment from a fake wind farm company - in return for help with planning.
Cllr Queenan has since resigned from Fianna Fail.
Speaking to Ocean FM this morning, he claimed the edited footage did not represent "the true nature of the meeting" between himself and the undercover reporter.
He said it made it look as though he was seeking a personal benefit when he never was: “I was doing absolutely nothing wrong, it's done every day of the week.
“If some constituent comes to me with a proposed development let it be a house or changing a gate on a road, you bring out the engineer and ask them what is their view on this?
“It is only a view and it short-circuits the whole process and gives an opportunity to the person rather than going away spending money on an architect.”
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Once upon a time there was a journalist with all the early Christmas spirit of Scrooge.
He hated the sight of festive decorations in shops before December had even started.
And as for high street lights being switched on in November… bah humbug!
Until one day he was whisked away by Mickey Mouse and two Disney princesses named Elsa and Anna.
And they melted his Frozen heart.
From that moment forth, he enjoyed a wondrous weekend as Disneyland Paris launched its breathtaking countdown to Christmas.
He watched in awe as the lights wrapped around the giant tree in the Town Square flickered into life.
He posed for photos with Mickey as a sprinkling of snow settled on his shoulders and waved at Santa Claus in his sleigh during the Christmas parade.
The festive fairytale that transformed this Scrooge is less than three hours' train ride from London's St Pancras station. Eurostar delivers you right to the park gates and is so much less stressful than flying.
Disney is the masters of magic at any time of year and they pull out all the stops at Christmas, draping every inch of Main Street USA with decorations, dotting around snowmen of favourite Disney ­characters and constantly piping carols through the speakers.
Inevitably, this year's celebrations centre on the smash hit Frozen, including the chance to meet Elsa and Anna in person which was certainly the highlight for many of the young would-be princesses we met.
They also form the basis for Disney's unforgettable Dreams of Christmas show, which is beamed directly onto the castle every evening.
It uses the fantasy fortress as a giant canvass for snippets from films such as Toy Story and Bambi, as well as transforming it into a colossal Christmas Tree and Santa's workshop.
This is guaranteed to enchant children of all ages (my fiancee Verity and I were both utterly spellbound for the duration despite both being the wrong side of 30).
Once you have had your fill of the festivities in the main park, go next door to Walt Disney Studios Park for a taste of Disney's latest attraction, Ratatouille: the Adventure.
It's a feast for the senses – a whizzing, whirling carriage ride following Remy through the 4D kitchens of the devious chef Skinner as he collects the ingredients for his feast. And if that mayhem whets your appetite, pop next door to that to visit Bistrot Chez Remy, where you can experience a rat's-eye view of the world as you eat.
You sit on giant corks and bottle-top chairs while tucking into your French cuisine among huge plates and wine bottles. It's certainly a hugely entertaining way to dine.
As well as seasonal events and new attractions, there are plenty of old favourites to enjoy too. Younger visitors can explore Fantasyland, where they can take flight with Dumbo or soar with Peter Pan through Never Land, explore Alice's Curious Labyrinth, sail the Seven Seas with the Pirates of the Caribbean, or brave spooky Phantom Manor.
However, Disney is not just for families. Any adults who arrive without children will find plenty of thrills too. The Rock 'n' Roller Coaster starring Aerosmith combines breakneck speed with ear-splitting music from the Boston band to create an adrenaline-dripping joyride.
Meanwhile, the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror will force you to face your fear of heights as well as the unknown. It even outshines the same ride in Florida by flinging riders back to the top of the tower to plummet for a stomach-churning third time (one more than its American sister). Back in the main park there's Big Thunder Mountain – a runaway mine train roller coaster that seems to last for ever – Indiana Jones and the Temple of Peril and Space Mountain: Mission 2.
The Space Mountain ride is still the jewel in the crown of Disney's French roller coasters, a thrilling ride around the cosmos inspired by Jules Verne. It puts the Orlando version to shame. If you need a breather watch a stunt show or take in CineMagique, an interactive and imaginative trip through film history with a host of famous faces.
Throw in a wide range of shops, restaurants and photo points across the two parks where you can pose with your favourite Disney characters and there is simply too much to do in just one day.
Thankfully Disneyland Paris has its own range of hotels with comfortable, if unspectacular, rooms which are a great way to spend more time on site.
Guests are granted early access to the parks (though not the rides which do not open until 10am), so they can start exploring before the general public.
As this Christmas convert can testify, Disneyland Paris really is the perfect place to kick-start your festive season and locate your long-lost Yuletide mojo.
Bah humbug to bah humbug is what I say.
Get there
Today, AMD announced the AMD A10-7890K APU and the AMD Athlon X4 880K APU which are essentially higher clocked versions of the AMD A10-7870K APU and the AMD Athlon X4 860K CPU respectively.
The AMD A10-7890K APU includes the same amount of CPU cores, GPU cores, and GPU frequency as the AMD A10-7870K except it now comes with a slightly higher 4.1GHz stock/4.3GHz turbo frequency on the CPU. Similarly, the AMD Athlon A4 880K comes clocked at 4.0GHz stock and 4.2GHz turbo.
AMD is also bundling new coolers with the new APU/CPU announcements. Both the AMD A10-7870K and AMD Athlon 880K will receive the new ‘Near-silent' 125W thermal solution. The new A10-7890K however will receive AMD's new Wraith cooler. Other AMD A10 series APUs and AMD Athlons will receive a refreshed 95W thermal solution which is a modified version of the high-end cooler with heat pipes we have seen in the past.
Expect to see these new CPUs at your favorite retailers and e-tailers later this month for consumer availability.
Pricing is as follows:
AMD A10-7890K – $164.99
AMD A10-7870K – $139.99
AMD A10-7860K – $117.99
AMD A8-7670K – $105.99
AMD A8- 7650K – $95.99
AMD Athlon X4 880K – $94.99
AMD Athlon X4 870K – $89.99
AMD Athlon X4 860K – $79.99
AMD Athlon X4 845 – $69.99
Samples should be arriving soon so keep up to date with us for future reviews!
The captain of the MV Thunder didn't go down with his ship. Instead, he stood cheering and applauding in a life raft as the 62-m fishing trawler sank beneath the glassy surface of the Atlantic, 200 km off the coast of Gabon. Then he and his crew of 40 meekly allowed themselves to be rescued by the boat that had been pursuing them for 110 days.
It was a bizarre finish to the world's longest maritime pursuit, one that began in the icy waters off Antarctica last Dec. 17, and ended on April 6, practically on the equator, near the tiny islands of São Tomé and Príncipe, some 19,000 km away. Reports suggest that the captain of the Thunder—a notorious pirate fishing vessel that had changed its name and flag at least three times in recent years—deliberately scuttled his vessel, although he claims he was hit by a passing cargo ship. It makes little difference. The activists from the Sea Shepherd Society had made their point: that they were willing to go to the very ends of the Earth to protect the Patagonian toothfish.
The environmental guerrilla group is best-known for its efforts to stop whaling. But a landmark ruling last spring by the International Court of Justice in the Hague forced the Japanese to suspend their “scientific” hunts in the Southern Ocean, and freed Sea Shepherd to go after new targets.
The toothfish, as its name suggests, isn't cuddly, although the deep-water predator's dense flesh is valuable enough to be known as “white gold” in fishing circles. Interpol, which issued a warning about the Thunder in December 2013, estimates that its owners—suspected to be a Spanish fishing company—have earned more than US$60 million from the vessel's illegal catches in protected waters since 2006.
Sea Shepherd launched “Operation Icefish” in early December, dispatching two of its boats, the Bob Barker and the Sam Simon (named, respectively, after the former host of The Price Is Right, and the recently deceased co-creator of The Simpsons), from its Australian base to the Antarctic. Turning off their GPS transponders, they attempted to get the drop on a group of toothfish poachers they call “the Bandit 6.” The Bob Barker was the first to arrive and located the Thunder in the remote Banzare Bank a week before Christmas. The vessel cut loose 25 km of gillnets and attempted to flee, steering first into pack ice, then directly into bad weather, but the Sea Shepherd ship kept up the chase.
By late January, with the two vessels still 1,850 km off the southern tip of Africa, the pursuit was already the longest on record. Direct confrontations were few and far between. Toward the end of the first week of February, the Thunder again dropped its nets, only to have them cut by the Bob Barker. Afterward, there was a near collision in heavy seas. On Feb. 19, with the Sam Simon now having delivered fresh supplies and joined the hunt, small Sea Shepherd boats tried to deliver messages to the Thunder crew, believed to be mostly poor Indonesian sailors. Officers of the vessel responded by throwing lengths of chain and other metal objects, almost decapitating a photographer.
But mostly, the chase was an exercise in patience. Seeking to conserve fuel, the Thunder often chugged along at low speeds, or stopped altogether. It was boring work.
On March 26, the 99th day of the pursuit, the Thunder captain, believed to be Chilean, radioed to say that one of his Indonesian crew had tried to commit suicide. It's not clear if it was a ruse, but he refused all offers of assistance. Little more than a week later, he abandoned his listing ship in calm waters. A boarding party from the Bob Barker found the Thunder's hatches and watertight doors had all been left wide open.
The Thunder's captain and crew are currently in the custody of the São Tomé coast guard, being put up in hotels around the capital city. Throughout the chase, Sea Shepherd had provided regular updates to authorities. The Sam Simon delivered the Thunder's recovered gillnets, and documentary evidence of the illegal toothfish catch within them, to police on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius in March. Australia's fishery-management authority, which helps to oversee Antarctic waters, says it's waiting to see what the government of São Tomé will do. Although the answer may well be not much; it's one of the poorest nations on Earth, and the local press has reported that the Thunder was headed to the country to change its registration and buy a fishing licence. (Attempts to contact the coast guard and government were not successful.) When Malaysian officials stopped the Thunder for illegal fishing in May 2014, they ended up letting the vessel go, after someone paid a $90,000 fine.
But with the poaching vessel now resting four kilometres below the surface, Sea Shepherd has declared Operation Icefish a success, and set about maximizing its potential. Footage shot on board will end up as part of a reality-TV show, and the “inside story” of the pursuit has been given to the New York Times as a “worldwide exclusive.”
Had a chance to sleep on it and thought of a few things I'd like to say. It's hard not to beat yourself up about something like this. If I'd gone earlier... But I didn't and hindsight is always 20/20. My hope throughout this whole thing is that be talking about it maybe I could get a few people over their embarrassment of the issue and to the doctors, where hopefully they would be tested and told it was something less severe than this and get it fixed. I'd rather people not die needlessly from something that can very much sneak up on you and is unfortunately in an embarrassing place. hurrdurr butt cancer, as much it might sound like a joke and it's good to have a positive outlook on something like that with humour, hopefully this is a bit of a wakeup call to some people my age that its a real thing and it's not just something that happens to people in their 70s. Naturally, talking about this opened up an attack vector as I knew it would, that a small minority of people decided to go for in order to get their pound of flesh.
In 2011 I was stuck in England away from my wife and kid. It had been like this for several years. In 2008 I was kicked out of the US on a technicality and forced to move back to England. We were barely getting by. I'd taken a job at a financial advisory which was just enough to pay the rent on my place in the States and moved back in with my parents in the UK. It was very frustrating, I'd moved out of my parents house when I was 18, gone to Uni and never looked back, relishing the independence. Anyone who has had to move back in with their parents following financial trouble knows what I'm talking about, you feel like you've failed. For several years I was stuck in a rut, I couldn't earn enough money to get the lawyer I need to sort out my visa troubles and I couldn't quit the job I hated because if I did then we'd all be fucked. In 2010, after losing my job during the recession, I struck lucky and got big on Youtube. The money starting coming in, my finances stabilised, I started to pay off my debts and worked on getting my wife and kid over here, at least just to visit. It failed, the UK immigration authority refused to let them come, believing they would stay permanently. I was furious. After years of shit, a light had appeared at the end of the tunnel and it had turned out to just be some fucker with a torch who ran away giggling. In a stupid move, I took to Twitter to vent. Twitter is a bad place to vent. You are instantly accessible, your words can be easily twisted and misinterpreted and frankly, nobody wants to hear your personal shit anyway, especially not if you have over 100,000 followers which at the time I did. A few people from a certain messageboard we all know decided to take it upon themselves to mock me for my separation. In a fit of rage I lashed out at them, saying all kinds of awful things. One guy got caught in the crossfire, he was genuinely just asking a question, but I told him to get cancer and die.
It's water under the bridge between the both of us. We talked it through and made our apologies years ago, but that's the thing about the internet. Nothing ever gets deleted, even if you think it has been. Knowing that, I left the offending tweet up, as a reminder to myself that this was not acceptable under any circumstances, you can't just go around wishing that upon people even if you don't mean it. Obviously with this new development that's the obvious point of attack. A vocal minority is a huge crowd is still a lot of people, that's worth remembering. Someone in my position is being talked at constantly, it never stops, it's 24/7 every minute of every day. Once you reach a certain audience size and the internet becomes away of you, you have a permanent target painted on your back and I did myself no favours over the years. Whether it be that braindead post on SA in 2007, whether it be the piss-poor way I handled someone trying to tell me that I should do what my viewers tell me to that ended up blowing all over Reddit, whether it be this cancer remark or hey, even the admission recently that I likely have some fairly serious mental issues that will require therapy to resolve. Everything is an opportunity for people to attack you, because hey, you are only an internet person, you're not real and it feels good in some way to yell at the TV.
That's where calling people like that "trolls" falls apart though. If we follow the argument that these people are dehumanizing someone mildly e-famous and that's how they feel ok attacking them, then we should also follow the argument that merely calling these people "trolls" is also dehumanizing. They're not a concept or an enemy, they're real people and they all have their own problems. Who can say why they choose to say what they say? Bad day at work? Bullied at school? Problems at home? Depression? Drug addiction? Mental disorders? Personal tragedies? There are a million and one reasons why someone would lash out like that. I do not genuinely believe that anyone more than a handful of actual sociopaths would genuinely gloat over someone elses cancer. As much as the internet is prone to hair-trigger morality judgments, where the slightest slip up is excuse enough to unleash your most vile and horrible thoughts on the offender, the vast majority of people are actually decent human beings just trying to make their way. That's why I've never met one of these people at any of the numerous trade shows and esports events I attend. You'd think I would, based on how many there apparently are, but in reality people aren't really like that. So I'd like to say I'm sorry. Not for the tweet, I apologised for that a long time ago and you weren't affected by it anyway. I'm sorry about whatever shit is going on in your life that would make you say something like that. I hope it gets better for you. I hope you make it through it. It sucks that you are having to deal with that, you don't deserve it so I hope things improve for you. I also hope that you don't say anything online in anger that comes back to bite you later. The internet is weird and we are the first people have to deal with the idea that everything we do could potentially come back to haunt us and that there is no such thing as a delete button. In time I'm sure we'll come to understand how best to handle that, but as it stands most of us are just stumbling in the dark.
To the tiny, tiny few that genuinely wish cancer on another person, I gotta admit, I'm giggling in anticipation of rubbing it in their face once I kick the shit out of this thing. I'm many things, I'm very flawed and I want to be better. But I'm also a stubborn piece of shit and that will never change. This life is too good to give up, so I put my faith in modern medical technology and my own refusal to give an inch. I'm the sort of bastard that will beat this just to spite people and I will apologise for many things, but never that.
Don't suffer in silence. If you have issues, toilet or otherwise, see your doctor.
ROME — Italy has given Europe many things, but rarely leadership.
Among member states of the European Union, Italy is important but not always influential, partly because of the decades-old dysfunction of its politics. France and Germany traditionally set the European agenda, while Italy is often a junior partner, if sometimes a comic sideshow.
But with the European Union fragmenting politically and hit by crises, Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is arguing that Italy's voice must now be heard and be taken seriously. He has taken a confrontational approach, partly out of frustration, which has brought new tensions in the bloc, even as all sides have sought to tamp down the conflicts in recent days.
Mr. Renzi's sudden assertiveness has left him open to charges of being an obstructionist and of grandstanding to score political points at home. He has criticized Brussels and Berlin — including a public feud with the president of the European Commission. He has elbowed his way into European Union policy matters such as Russian sanctions, a gas pipeline in Germany and the deal with Turkey to slow down the influx of refugees.
“I'm the leader of a great country,” Mr. Renzi said during an interview last week. “I have my ideas.”
(As also seen on youtube or feedburner :)
This podcast centers somewhere approaching the weekly japanese superhero drama known as kamen rider. Or rather series of dramas, there's a new one each year. With each podcast, I share my perspective on kamen rider episodes, then get bored and make a play out of it. That's the format now, anyway, started out a bit more casual. And if you want mic quality, you're screwed until number 17 or so. And only slightly less screwed after that point. This is not a show in which I properly judge episodes or whatever toy's coming out. Its a show in which I drive myself insane to indulge my ego and keep myself writing quasi-comedy. If that sounds alright to you, then check it out. ~Jollytheoldsaint T. Oldsaint jollytheoldsaint@gmail.com
Richmond, Virginia isn't the first city you might think of for craft cocktails, but if you know where to look, you can find surprisingly great drinks served up in bars full of Southern charm.
When I first moved to Richmond all I knew about the drinking culture was "there's that place that has cheap beer on Mondays" and "look out for the college kids on Friday and Saturday nights." Having lived in Boston for two years and frequented New York's cocktail scene often in that time, it looked like I'd be trading down by moving down to the River City.
Now that I live here, I can think of no better place to find a great drink.
In addition to the craft beer and local wine scene, the cocktail renaissance is hitting the area's restaurants with full force. Don't expect phone booths and secret handshakes to get into your favorite establishments: the atmosphere around here is casual and inviting. Seats are easy to score and the dress code is casual as a rule. Add to that the ridiculous happy hours at some of the places on this list, and, well, I'm here to stay.
Craft Cocktails in a Strip Mall: Toast
Hidden in an otherwise nondescript strip mall in an otherwise culinarily bland part of town, Toast serves up surprisingly great bar food paired with a well-curated if small cocktail menu. I had heard good things about Toast's happy hours (every day, with beers from $2 to $4 and $4 for wine on tap), but couldn't resist trying the cocktails, none of which are discounted during happy hour.
My party ended up trying most of the offerings; each one was well-balanced, from the light, floral, and sparkling Hey Jealousy ($8) to the dark and complex Garibaldi ($9). A hearty serving of sweet potato tots (worth the drive themselves) helped fuel our thirsts. Compared to other similar gastropubs in Richmond, Toast stands out for serving something to sip on for every taste and smart food that rises above your average pub fare.
Toast New American Gastropub: 7007 Three Chopt Road, Richmond, VA, 23226 (map) 804-525-4525; toastrva.com
A Speakeasy to Rival the Best: Saison
Don't let Saison's abbreviated facebook menu put you off—this hole-in-the wall speakeasy boasts drink menus covering the classic cocktail corpus, from several takes on the Old-Fashioned to tangy tiki drinks featuring a laundry-list of rums. I counted over 30 cocktails on the menu. The drinks are prepared with care, but without pomp. Hard shakes, long stirs, and expertly sliced garnishes are in full effect here, but the vibe of the space makes you feel as comfortable ordering a beer and a shot as you would a cocktail.
On one recent visit, I sampled an amaro-forward aperitif sporting a smart cucumber garnish, a tasty mezcal-based spin on a Paloma, and an amazing Negroni served straight off the tap. The food service matches the drinks. You'd think that chicken liver pate would make an unlikely bar snack—until you've tried it, that is. If you're expecting stuffy waitstaff and secret passwords to get into this speakeasy, don't bother. Look instead to stroll through the front door, grab a seat at the bar, and enjoy a great drink.
Saison: 23 West Marshall Street, Richmond, VA, 23220 (map) 804-269-3689; Saison on Facebook
Casual Date Night: Heritage
Heritage is one of those spots that makes you want to pinch yourself. Is it actually possible that every single cocktail they serve is a home run? Can I seriously just walk in here without a reservation, wearing jeans and a t-shirt?
I originally followed bar manager (and co-owner) Mattias Hagglund over to Heritage from Comfort, another well-known and top-notch Richmond eatery. When I visited the new digs for the first time, I was blown away not only by Hagglund's drinks, but also by the quality and originality of the food. Of course, this was in the restaurant's early days, before head chef Joe Sparatta earned the best review ever from Richmond's Times-Dispatch. In line with the seasonal and locavore approach taken in the kitchen, drinks rotate on and off the menu constantly. Many feature local brands and custom-created mixers. Most will cost you just $8 to $10.
I particularly like Heritage as a casual date spot due to its portion sizing. Food comes in "small," "medium," and "large" sizes that encourage sharing between two people. My wife and I frequently visit for nights out and our table quickly fills with charcuterie wedged between steak, cheeses, pork belly, and any number of other delicacies. Despite the feast of food and drinks, it seems like we always manage to walk out spending less than we expected to. The cat may be out of the bag already on Heritage, but that doesn't mean I expect to stop visiting any time soon.
Heritage: 1627 West Main Street, Richmond, VA 23220 (map) 804-353-4060; heritagerva.com
Fancy Date Night: Lemaire at the Jefferson Hotel
I'm not one to get dressed up for dinner. I usually enjoy my food better when I'm not being choked out by a tie. But, Lemaire is located within one of Richmond's oldest and grandest landmarks. It's the type of place where men show up for dinner in sports coats and women have the opportunity to show off their finest jewelry without feeling out of place. So I wore nice pants.
According to bar manager Scott Harris, however, the restaurant has no official dress code. In fact, he wants you to drop by for casual drinks, not just special occasions. And it's not just the attire that supports that invitation. Lemaire's happy hour runs every day from 4 p.m. until 7 p.m. and offerings include $5 wine, beer for $2 to $4, and a special $5 cocktail every day. A 3-appetizer tasting runs just $20 during happy hour and there's also the option to enjoy a 3-course dinner tasting for $30 between 5 and 6 p.m.
Even without a discount, the cocktail menu offers a terrific value. The Monument and Boulevardier ($12) is a Richmonder's version of the classic Boulevardier that replaces Campari with fruity and complex Byrrh Quinquina. Mr. Grant's Derby ($10) is a simple 3-ingredient drink that manages to be both crisp and complex by marrying fresh lime juice with 12-year-old aged rum. And an artfully presented non-alcoholic Monument Avenue ($6), full of fresh mint, had fellow bar patrons clamoring for a taste. Considering that all the drinks are served in surroundings worthy of a movie set (think three-story marble pillars and centuries-old chandeliers), I might even consider dressing up for a second visit. Or I could just wear jeans.
Lemaire: 101 West Franklin Street, Richmond, VA 23220 (map) 804-649-4629; lemairerestaurant.com
...and for the Morning After: Lulu's
Richmond is well-known for a strong Saturday and Sunday brunch culture, but few places offer only brunch service. Which is why I had to try Lulu's, a brunch spot that only recently opened up a dinner menu on Friday and Saturday nights. The food was drool-worthy (we tried an Eggs Benedict and a shrimp and grits dish), but the highlight of my morning was discovering the Corpse Reviver #2 ($9) tucked away in an oft-forgot corner of the menu. The drink was carefully made and perfectly balanced—a tasty companion to my endless coffee refills. A brief glance behind the bar revealed a nicely selected collection of spirits that make me look forward to trying Lulu's for dinner and a drink in the future.
Lulu's: 21 North 17th Street, Richmond, VA 23219 (map) 804-343-9771; lulusrichmond.com
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
Mental health services need to be improved: report
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Mental health services found wanting (7pm TV News NSW)
The first report card on the state of Australia's mental health care services says more than 3 million Australians suffer from mental illness each year.
The National Mental Health Commission's first annual report on mental health and suicide prevention makes 10 recommendations, including reducing the use of restraint, seclusion and involuntary treatments.
It says Australia has an unacceptably high level of suicides, with at least 45 people ending their lives every week.
And it says people with mental health difficulties have higher rates of physical illness and are less likely to have meaningful jobs.
The report also calls for regular independent surveys of access to timely mental health services, improvements on tracking people at risk of suicide, and a focus on helping parents with children under the age of three.
The commission's chairman, Professor Allan Fels, says mental health should be a top priority for all levels of government.
"We hope as a result of this report that mental health is a top continuing priority of governments ... rather than something that comes up every five years, attracts a bit of attention then fades away again," he said.
The report card also called for a taskforce of industry and business groups to develop better ways of encouraging patients to be in the workforce.
Janet Meagher, one of Australia's mental health commissioners, has been living with schizophrenia for over four decades.
She was institutionalised for 10 years and is now living with the effects of being restrained and put into seclusion.
"It happened to me many times and it's horrendous," she told AM.
"It is one of the most traumatic memories I have. It's a fairly common practice, and it's humiliating, traumatic, very, very, very aggressive, and it's usually used as punishment."
The report, titled 'A Contributing Life', also has a strong focus on the high incidence of mental illness in the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander community.
And it recommends governments set targets to reduce early death and improve the physical health of people with mental illnesses.
"If we were cute little kiddies instead of people with mental health issues I suspect there'd be a lot more public empathy," Ms Meagher said.
"We in the commission want to turn that around, to have Australian society taking responsibility for seeing people with mental health issues as people who would like to lead a contributing life."
Topics: mental-health, suicide, health, australia, nt
First posted
The Earle Cabell Federal Building in downtown Dallas is an all purpose office complex, a bastion of federal bureaucracy located at 1100 Commerce St. Most people come for a passport or to get business done in front of a federal judge. But inside, a quiet review is underway that has direct ties to the raging presidential election: The local branch of the IRS' Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division is reviewing the tax status of the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation.
This IRS review has not generated similar waves as Department of Justice probes into the foundation, and has largely been forgotten in the campaign's melee. It's just not as sexy as private email servers, FBI infighting and charges of political pressure applied to law enforcement.
But even though this examination is less scrutinized and is harder to conceptualize, it's impact may be important. The report won't likely be done in time to influence the presidential campaign — even though the review started more than four months ago — but it could certainly influence the first term of a Hillary Clinton presidency.
Continue Reading
As with anything tax related, the status of the foundation may be determined using rules few understand. And that makes understanding the work at 1100 Commerce St. in Dallas that much more important.
In Washington, D.C., many things start with words printed on congressional letterhead. Earlier this year, 64 GOP members of Congress asked the IRS to investigate why the foundation can keep its nonprofit status. The letter includes “media reports” claiming pay-to-play relationships between former President Bill Clinton, who received large speaking fees, and decisions made by Hillary Clinton to approve choices that benefited foundation donors. The sources of these reports range from The New York Times to hit-piece investigative books.
In July, the IRS sent letters back to the Congress informing members the review had begun. The letter also noted that the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division (TE/GE) office in Dallas would be conducting the review.
IRS spokespeople in Dallas and Washington won't say why the review is being conducted in Dallas. Spokespeople claim even this information would violate rules — Code 6103, staff make sure to cite — that stop them from discussing ongoing examinations. IRS officials declined to provide details about the Dallas office, including its size, or comment on the TE/GE work in general.
On its website, the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division refers the operators of nonprofits as “customers.” Their mission statement is: “To provide our customers top quality service by helping them understand and comply with applicable tax laws and to protect the public interest by applying the tax law with integrity and fairness to all.”
But the office does have a mandate to review claims of exemption, including conducting “examinations to identify and address non-compliance” like the one underway with the Clinton Foundation. One IRS document called the "Tax Exempt and Government Entities Fiscal Year 2017 Work Plan" gives a more complete picture. “Filing, organizational and operational and employment tax numbered among the top issues the Exempt Organizations Examinations group uncovered in its 4,984 examinations in 2016," it says. "The filing issues primarily involved verifying exempt activities and securing delinquent returns.”
The TE/GE focuses on nonprofit groups, which is specialty work that requires experience. “They are pretty much career people,” says Ben Stoltz, an attorney with Perliski Law Group, a Dallas boutique firm with half of its business representing nonprofit groups. “It's a different side of the IRS than people are used to seeing. ... They're generally very cooperative, but they're also the watchdogs."
The mix of awareness and enforcement dovetails with cases that get publicity. "They have a limited budget, which is a problem, so they have to pick their targets wisely," Stoltz says. "Because this is a high profile case, they can make an example and show that no one is above the law.”
Indeed, according to the division's 2017 Work Plan, the year "will build upon efforts to increase audit efficiency and to invest our limited resources in areas that provide the greatest impact."
The strategy is focused on big money charities: "Our examinations will cover all gross wage categories but with an emphasis on entities with gross wages of $10 million or more; approximately 75 percent of examination closures will be of these returns."
In 2014, the Clinton Foundation tallied its salaries at more than $26 million, according to IRS filings. So that puts the Clinton Foundation square in the middle of the Work Plan's enforcement strategy.
Stoltz says the complexity of the Clinton Foundation's work means such an examination would take months. The IRS said it began the review in July.
Staff with Texas Congressman Pete Sessions, who signed the letter, tell the Observer that they have not heard back from the IRS with any updates or an estimate of when their examination will be complete. No one expects a decision before Nov. 8.
The case against the Clinton Foundation is multifaceted. One common attack is that the foundation has overextended its original mandate. “The Foundation's original application to the IRS in 1997 advised that it was formed to construct a library, maintain a historical site with records, and engage in study and research,” said Tennessee Republican Rep. Marsha Blackburn in an email to the Observer. “It did not indicate an intent to conduct activities outside of the United States, which was on one of the codes included in the IRS ‘Application for Recognition for Exemption' in effect at the time. This would appear to prohibit much of the overseas work the Foundation has performed.”
This overseas growth is true, but maybe not as damning as it sounds. Many charities shift focus over time, although most nonprofit groups will reach out to make sure the IRS has no problem with new international work. This is smart because the TE/GE folks have a slate of specific questions for the people handing over U.S. charity money to recipients in other countries, something tax wonks call “expenditure responsibility.” Any charity would be wise to know the rules before diving in.
The Clinton Foundation didn't reapply for its status as a nonprofit group, but they haven't run afoul of IRS laws governing distribution of charity money. “It's not like they filed their application and then never told the IRS anything after that,” Stoltz says. “The division reads the tax returns, it's sort of like filling out a new application each year.”
So the failure to update an application to include international work is not a smoking gun of nonprofit malfeasance, but there are other places the foundation is more at risk.
Most IRS reviews aim to discover if nonprofit officials and members are enriching themselves with the money raised for charity. Spending money on staff salaries and lavish events are common nonprofit pitfalls. If the board of directors knew of the abuses, they too could be violating the law.
Using a nonprofit group for personal enrichment — called inurement — is one sure-fire way to gain IRS scrutiny.
In the case of the Clinton Foundation, it's not exactly a matter of stealing from the cookie jar. The bookkeeping — with documents available for public as well as IRS scrutiny — appears sound since the IRS has not raised any red flags. The foundation spends a solid 88 percent of its money on actual programs, according to the group Charity Tracker. That's pretty good ratio of overhead to actual charity work.
But the Clinton Foundation problem is more nebulous. The central question is not exactly one the IRS can easily track: Did the founding members trade influence for donations, especially while Hillary Clinton was secretary of State?
Clinton and her staff have consistently denied any conflicts of interest or improper enrichment and cite reporting holes in the media stories and books claiming pay-to-play relationships. But since July, more information has been revealed, via hacked email correspondences of Clinton adviser John Podesta released by Wikileaks.
The emails reveal that Chelsea Clinton ordered an audit of the foundation and “some interviewees reported conflicts of those raising funds or donors, some of whom may have an expectation of quid pro quo benefits in return for gifts.”
That's an eye-catcher for the TE/GE folks looking for specific examples of inurement. Instead of money changing hands, the IRS is looking to see if the Clintons traded money for preferential treatment. The IRS rules lay out what qualifies as inurement:
“Any transaction between an organization and a private individual in which the individual appears to receive a disproportionate share of the benefits of the exchange relative to the charity served presents an inurement issue. Such transactions may include assignments of income, compensation arrangements, sales or exchanges of property, commissions, rental arrangements, gifts with retained interests, and contracts to provide goods or services to the organization.”
Given this language, citing “gifts” and “quid pro quo benefits” in emails is a pretty bad move for anyone involved in a nonprofit group. Another bad move: When senior Clinton advisers like Doug Bland call the intersection of the foundation fundraising and the former president's personal activities “Bill Clinton Inc.”
If there's a silver lining, Stoltz says, it's that whatever the Clinton Foundation was or was not doing to raise funds, it will be hard to prove that there was damage done to the organization. That 88 percent statistic is helpful.
This is where the conversation veers back to the letter from Congress. GOP members have been sending letters to more than just the IRS. Demands to investigate the Clinton Foundation have led to a debate within the FBI, according to a story broken by The Wall Street Journal and confirmed by The Washington Post:
FBI agents argued — based at least in part on news accounts — earlier this year that the Clinton Foundation should be investigated for potentially giving donors special political access and favors. The Justice Department's public integrity unit said they did not have enough evidence to move forward.
Still, other Clinton-connected foundation board members are under investigation, including one-time director and now Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe. The organization is not a target, officials say, but the inquiry definitely does include his time on the board.
This all leaves the IRS investigation in Dallas as a sideshow to the main Clinton Foundation events playing out in the offices of other federal agencies. However, if other investigations expose pay-to-play schemes, the IRS could take that into consideration, strip the foundation of its nonprofit status and seek payment of back taxes.
Looking forward, there's one last wrinkle: If the IRS gives the foundation a clean bill of health, it will likely resurrect charges that the tax exemption office operates with a political bias. In 2011 Lois Lerner, the IRS' head of TE/GE, pleaded the 5th and left her position after a scandal broke surrounding the denial of nonprofit exemptions to right-wing groups.
Lois Lerner taking the 5th and helping equate IRS nonprofit tax exemptions with political targeting. Wikicommons
A Department of Justice probe found "substantial evidence of mismanagement, poor judgment and institutional inertia leading to the belief by many tax-exempt applicants that the IRS targeted them based on their political viewpoints.” A Government Accountability Office report in 2015 found "there are several areas where EO's controls were not well designed or implemented. The control deficiencies GAO found increase the risk that EO could select organizations for examination in an unfair manner — for example, based on an organization's religious, educational, political, or other views."
The GAO said the expertise of the TE/GE staff could be a problem, if there are too few "gatekeepers" to pass along referrals for closer looks:
The specialization of the classifiers allows for in-depth knowledge of complex issues and for the opportunity to apply experience; however, internal control risks accompany this approach. First, for political activity, church, and high profile referrals, the classifier appears to serve as an initial gatekeeper for determining whether a referral is reviewed by a committee. Although committee reviews are intended as a safeguard against unfairness in the examination selection process, referrals that do not make it past the classifier do not undergo committee review.
The GAO recommended a host of changes, much of it focused on better documentation, more training and an increase in staff rotations. The IRS agreed to them — without admitting any guilt. In a response letter by deputy commissioner John Dalrymple, he says the IRS agrees that "internal controls are necessary to ensure we are applying the tax law with integrity and fairness. Although the report says that a hypothetical risk exists that returns could be selected unfairly, the draft report did not find any evidence that this has happened. Nevertheless, Exemptions Organization is committed to further strengthen our internal controls to ensure we continue to select organizations for examination in a fair and consistent manner. "
The DOJ determined that no crimes had been committed but the damage had been done — for many, the TE/GE will forever be partisan. The ruling on the Clinton Foundation's status, either way, will lead some to see continued partisanship inside the IRS or overreaching in a high profile case to prove they are not partisan.
But there is actually a bigger issue at stake as politics batters the nonprofit tax world. After all, the whole point of the IRS' involvement is to ensure that donations are actually used for charitable work.
“It boils down to the public trust,” Stoltz says. “This division is responsible for the integrity of the system. Americans donate more money to charity than anywhere else in the world. But for the public to donate, people have to believe that it's legit.”
A Long Island college student who was arrested for hanging an “Impeach Obama” banner from a Long Island Expressway overpass is suing the Nassau County Police Department for violating his right to free speech, according to a Long Island federal lawsuit.
Danny Martins, a senior at Hofstra University who says he's a member of the school's Libertarian Club, was charged with disorderly conduct in June 2014 after hanging up the message and the American flag from a pedestrian walkway in Jericho.
But a judge eventually tossed all charges against the libertarian activist after citing his right to free speech.
Nassau County prosecutors initially argued that the activity posed a safety hazard.
Martins, who routinely hung political messages from overpasses beginning in 2013, filed suit against the Nassau department as well as individual officers involved in his arrest.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity bodybuilding champion Rich Piana has lost his fight for life after being placed in a coma following a "medical emergency" at his home.
The fitness world is in mourning following his death.
Posting a message on Instagram his estranged wife Sara Piana: "I'm in tears writing this that @1dayumay has just passed away. I can can hardly believe this... I am so saddened & heartbroken that he didn't make it."
Rich, who has more than 1million followers on Instagram , had been placed in the coma earlier this month.
The 46-year-old, who had admitted to taking steroids since he was a teenager, fell ill at his home in Florida on August 10.
His devastated friends and fans have paid tribute to him on social media .
James Mooney, owner of Gunsmith Clothing, wrote on Twitter: "Gone too soon brother. What a sad day, can't even believe it's true...truly heartbreaking."
Personal trainer Josef Rakich added: "OMG...so sad, I am in shock."
Mr Piana's wealth is estimated to have been boosted massively by the growth of social media in recent years - to a staggering $2.5million (£1.9million).
His work out plans and ripped social media posts gained notoriety, especially on Instagram.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Instagram/c_no5)
(Image: Instagram)
Mr Piana ate NINE meals a day as well as drinking huge protein shakes, according to a Deadspin profile last year.
Each of his videos routinely got 200,000 or more views on YouTube - despite each being around an hour in length.
Just days after he was placed in the coma, his girlfriend insisted he was "alive and fighting" and urged people to send "positive thoughts".
Chanel Jansen said: "I just want to be clear [Piana] is STILL ALIVE. All myself and his family are asking for is POSITIVE thoughts, prayers, and love."
(Image: Instagram)
Piana was best known for his physically huge size - developed through gruelling workouts, massive meals and drug taking, which he freely admits to.
Mr Piana, who began bodybuilding at 15, famously admitted in 2016 to taking steroids - according to The Epoch Times having been on them on and off for 27 years.
He published his drug taking cycles on the internet, saying he started taking them at 18-years-old after losing his first competition.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
His drive to be the biggest or best through steroid use has prompted other bodybuilders to even make videos to plead him to stop.
The admission, while attracting much criticism, did not appear to dent his popularity online.
Mr Piana warned steroids will only hurt your body over time, adding: "If you have the choice to stay natural or do steroids, stay natural."
It is the second death of a body builder this week.
Dallas McCarver died aged just 26 after reportedly choking on food.
Like the Neapolitan Bourbons – benign by comparison – the leaders of the eurozone have learned nothing, and forgotten nothing.
The cruel capitulation forced upon Greece after 31 hours on the diplomatic rack offers no conceivable way out the country's perpetual crisis. The terms are harsher by a full order of magnitude than those rejected by Greek voters in a landslide referendum a week ago, and therefore can never command democratic assent.
They must be carried through by a Greek parliament still dominated by MPs from Left and Right who loathe every line of the summit statement, the infamous SN 4070/15, and have only agreed – if they have agreed – with a knife to their throats.
EMU inspectors can veto legislation. The emasculation of the Greek parliament has been slipped into the text. All that is missing is a unit of EMU gendarmes.
Such terms are unenforceable. The creditors have sought to nail down the new memorandum by transferring €50bn of Greek assets to “an independent fund that will monetise the assets through privatisations and other means”. It will be used in part to pay off debts.
This fund will be under EU "supervision". The cosmetic niceties of sovereignty will be preserved by letting the Greek authorities manage its day to day affairs. Nobody is fooled.
'Crucified' Tsipras capitulated to draconian measures after 17 hours of late night talks
In other words, they are seizing Greece's few remaining jewels at source. This is not really different from the International Committee for Greek Debt Management in 1898 imposed on Greece after the country went bankrupt following a disastrous Balkan war.
A six-power league of bondholders, led by British bankers, impounded customs duties in the Port of Piraeus, and seized revenues from stamp duty, tobacco, salt, kerosene, all the way down to playing cards. But at least there was no humbug about solidarity and helping Greece on that occasion.
“It is the Versailles Treaty for the present age,” said Mr Varoufakis this morning, talking to me from from his island home in Aegina.
• What's next for Greece? Timeline of the remaining obstacles
•Greece deal explained: how it reached the final agreement
•Greece bailout: Eurozone summit was 'centimetres from crashing' before agreement reached
Under the new terms, Greece must tighten fiscal policy by roughly 2pc of GDP by next year, pushing the country further into a debt-deflation spiral and into the next downwards leg of its six-year depression.
This will cause the government to miss the budget targets yet again – probably by a large margin – in an exact repeat of the self-defeating policy that caused Greek debt dynamics to spin out of control in the last two Troika loan packages.
As the International Monetary Fund acknowledged in its famous mea culpa, if you misjudge the fiscal multiplier and force austerity beyond the therapeutic dose, you make matters worse. The debt to GDP ratio rises despite the cuts.
EMU leaders have an answer to this. Like Canute's courtiers, they will command the waves to retreat. The text states that on top of pension cuts and tax increases there should be “quasi-automatic spending cuts in case of deviations from ambitious primary surplus targets”.
In other words, they will be forced to implement pro-cyclical contractionary policies. The fiscal slippage that acted as a slight cushion over the last five years will be not be tolerated this time.
"This goes beyond harsh to pure vindictivenes," says Nobel economist Paul Krugman of the EMU demands
And let us not forget that these primary surpluses never made any sense in the first place. They were not drawn up on the basis of macro-economic analysis. They were written into prior agreements because that is what would be needed – ceteris paribus – to pretend that debt is sustainable, and therefore that the IMF could sign off on the accords.
Nobel economist Paul Krugman says the EMU demands are “madness” on every level. “What we've learned these past couple of weeks is that being a member of the eurozone means that the creditors can destroy your economy if you step out of line. This has no bearing at all on the underlying economics of austerity,” he said.
“This goes beyond harsh into pure vindictiveness, complete destruction of national sovereignty, and no hope of relief. It is, presumably, meant to be an offer Greece can't accept; but even so, it's a grotesque betrayal of everything the European project was supposed to stand for,” he said.
Yes, Syriza has blinked, though there are many chapters in this sorry saga yet to come.
The Greek banks are on the verge of collapse. There is not enough cash left to cover ATM withdrawals of €60bn each day through this week, or to cover weekly payments of €120 to pensioners and the unemployed – that is the to say, the tiny fraction of the jobless who receive anything at all.
Capital controls have led to an economic stand-still. Almost nothing is coming into the country. Firms are running down their last stocks of raw materials and vital imports. Hundreds of factories, mills, and processing plants have already cut shifts and are preparing to shut down operations as soon as this week.
Late tourist bookings have crashed by 30pc. Syriza faced a serious risk that the country would run out of imported food stocks by end of this month, with calamitous consequences at the peak of the tourist season. So yes, faced with the full horror of what is happening, they recoiled.
You don't need to be an oracle to see that there is more trouble ahead for Greece
There is no doubt that Syriza sold the Greek people a false prospectus with its incompatible promises both to tear up the Troika Memorandum and to keep Greece in the euro. They have learned a horrible lesson.
Yet that is only half the story. We have also watched the EMU creditor powers bring a country to knees by cutting off the emergency liquidity (ELA) to the banking system.
Let there be no doubt, it was the decision by the European Central Bank to freeze ELA at €89bn two weeks ago that precipitated the final crisis and broke Syriza's will to resist. The lines of authority on this episode are blurred. Personally, I do not blame the ECB's Mario Draghi for this abuse of power. It was in essence a political decision by the Eurogroup.
But however you dress it up, the fact remains that the ECB is by its acts dictating a political settlement, and serving as the enforcement arm of the creditors rather than upholding EU treaty law.
It took a stand that further destabilised the financial system of an EMU member state that was already in grave trouble, and arguably did so in breach of its primary treaty duty to uphold financial stability. It is a watershed moment.
What we have all seen with great clarity is that the EMU creditor powers can subjugate an unruly state – provided it is small - by shutting down its banking system. We have seen too that a small country has no defences whatsoever. This is monetary power run amok.
To make matters worse Greek premier Alexis Tsipras cannot make a plausible case to his own people that he has secured debt relief, the one prize that could have saved him. Germany blocked even this.
It did so despite massive pressure from the Obama White House and the IMF, and even though France, Italy, and the leaders of the EU Commission and Council accept that a haircut of some sort is necessary.
The IMF says debt relief must be at least 30pc of GDP. Even this is too low. Given the damage done by six years of economic implosion, a lost decade of investment, chronic hysteresis, youth unemployment of 50pc or higher, a brain drain of the educated, and a ruined banking system, it would still be inadequate even if the entire debt was written off. That is what this EMU experiment has done to the country.
Yet all the Greeks get is vague talk of a “possible” extension of maturities, at some point in the future, once they have jumped through umpteen hoops and passed their exams. This is what they were promised in 2012. It never happened.
“If the specifics of debt relief are not written clearly into the overall package, this is not worth anything,” said Mr Varoufakis.
The summit document asserts with self-serving dishonesty that Greece's debt has come off the rails due to the failure of Greek governments to stick to the Memorandum over the last year. Had this not occurred, the debt would still be sustainable.
This is a lie. Public debt ballooned to 180pc late last year – long before Syriza was elected – and even though the New Democracy government had complied with most Troika demands.
The truth is that Greece was already bankrupt in 2010. EMU creditors refused to allow a normal debt restructuring to take place because it would have led to instant contagion to Portugal, Spain, and Italy at a time when the eurozone had no lender-of-last resort or defences.
The crushed Syriza leader must sell a settlement that leaves Greece in a permanent debt trap
Leaked documents from the IMF leave no doubt that the rescue was intended to save the euro and European banks, not Greece. More debt was shoveled onto the Greek taxpayers in order to buy time, both in 2010 and again in 2012, storing up the crisis that Europe faces today.
In an odd way, the only European politician who was really offering Greece a way out of the impasse was Wolfgang Schauble, the German finance minister, even if his offer was made in a graceless fashion, almost in the form of diktat.
His plan for a five-year velvet withdrawal from EMU – a euphemism, since he really meant Grexit – with Paris Club debt relief, humanitarian help, and a package of growth measures, might allow Greece to regain competitiveness under the drachma in an orderly way.
Such a formula would imply intervention by the ECB to stabilise the drachma, preventing an overshoot and dangerous downward spiral. It would certainly have been better than the atrocious document that Mr Tsipras must now take back to Athens.
The crushed Syriza leader must sell a settlement that leaves Greece in a permanent debt trap, under neo-colonial control, and so economically fragile that it is almost guaranteed to crash into a fresh crisis in the next global downturn or European recession.
At that point, everybody will blame the Greeks again, unfairly, and we will go through yet another round of bitter negotiations, until something finally breaks this grim cycle of failure and recrimination.
The deal will leave Greece so economically fragile that it is almost guaranteed to crash into a fresh crisis in the next global downturn
For the eurozone this “deal” is the worst of all worlds. They have solved nothing. Germany and its allies have for the first time attempted to eject a country from the euro, and by doing so have violated the sanctity of monetary union.
Rather than go forward in times of deep crisis to fiscal and political union to hold the euro together – as the architects of EMU always anticipated - they have instead gone backwards.
They have at a single stroke converted the eurozone into a hard-peg currency bloc, a renewed Exchange Rate Mechanism that is inherently unstable, at the whim and mercy of populist politicians playing to the gallery at home. The markets are already starting to call it ERM3.
I will return to the behaviour of Germany and the diplomatic disaster that has unfolded over coming days. For now let me just quote the verdict of historian Simon Schama.
“If Tsipras was wearing the crown of King Pyrrhus this time last week, Merkel is wearing it now. Her ultimatum the beginning of the end of the EU,” he said. Exactly.
6. Bikes by the Bridges | 1:30 p.m.
Dublin got a bike share program in 2009, and its enormous popularity (it's now one of the most successful such programs in Europe) has led to the creation of a number of city center bike lanes and a cycling-friendly culture. Grab a bike from one of the many stations (locations at dublinbikes.ie; 5 euros for a three-day ticket after which every ride of 30 minutes or less is free) and cycle down the banks of the Liffey River, which slices through the city. Stop at one of Dublin's famed bridges, each of which tells a story: the Ha'penny (the city's first pedestrian bridge; payment to cross was once a halfpenny), the O'Connell (a part of Dublin life since 1794, said to be unique in Europe for being wider than it is long), and the newest, the Rosie Hackett (named for a trade union activist involved in the 1913 Lockout and the 1916 Easter Rising, and the first to be named after a woman since 1792).
7. Go for a Guinness | 3 p.m. ­
Craft beer may be the new thing, but a pint of “the black stuff” is still required drinking on any trip to Dublin. The enormous Guinness Storehouse museum (admission, 18 euros), set amid the cobbled streets and imposing buildings of the St. James's Gate brewery, explains how the stout is made and gives the history of the company, along with a selection of the familiar “Guinness is good for you” advertisements. The best part of visiting the storehouse comes near the end, when an employee supervises visitors in pulling a proper pint of Guinness (it's a strictly adhered-to method involving holding the glass at the correct 45-degree angle and waiting 119.5 seconds before topping it off). Take it up to the top floor Gravity Bar, where the 360-degree view of Dublin is worth lingering over.
8. Restaurant Renaissance | 7 p.m. ­
Forest Avenue is a new addition to Dublin's booming culinary scene, and it might just have the most exciting food in the city. The owners, John and Sandy Wyer, opened this small, airy spot in November 2013, and it's been getting rave reviews for its tasting menus. Dishes like a salad of Annagassan crab with smoked salmon and chilled zucchini, and beef carpaccio with smoked oyster mayonnaise, pickles and horseradish quietly impress with their flavor and innovation. Changes appear on the menu weekly, but with food at this high a standard, that's just more reason to return. Dinner for two, about 120 euros.
Prior to each match, New England Soccer Today will invite a reporter from the other side to provide insight regarding the Revolution's next opponent.
This week, Kelly McLain from Timbers Insider shared his thoughts on the state of the Portland Timbers and what the New England Revolution can expect when they face them at Gillette Stadium on Saturday Night.
What is Portland's current form?
Kelly: After dropping their first two league matches by a combined score of 5-1 to Colorado and Toronto, the Timbers “righted the ship” a bit with a 2-0 win over Chivas USA in Tuesday night's U.S. Open Cup play-in game. Although the match didn't count towards league play, it undoubtedly did wonders for both team morale and confidence.
What is their likely starting 11 on Saturday?
Kelly:
GK – Jake Gleeson
LB – Rodney Wallace
CB – David Horst
CB – Eric Brunner
RB – Steve Purdy
LM – Jeremy Hall
CM – Jack Jewsbury
CM – Peter Lowry
RM – Ryan Pore
F – Jorge Perlaza
F – Kenny Cooper
The only two question marks here are Lowry and Pore. We might see James Marcelin or Kalif Alhassan in those spots. And although a start is probably unlikely, #2 overall SuperDraft selection Darlington Nagbe might make his first appearance on Saturday.
Are there any key injuries affecting the Timbers?
Kelly: You mean other than their first- and second-string goalkeepers (Troy Perkins, Adin Brown), the #2 overall SuperDraft pick (Darlington Nagbe), a former U-20 U.S. National Team standout (Sal Zizzo), and last year's second leading scorer in Division 2 (Eddie Johnson)? Nope.
What do you feel are Portland's weaknesses that the Revs may be able to exploit?
Kelly: Obviously giving up 5 goals in the first two games means the defense (as a whole and specifically along the back line) is suspect. However, expect David Horst to get the nod ahead of Kevin Goldthwaite who started the first two matches where he will partner with the steady Eric Brunner in the center of defense. Steve Purdy has generally locked down the right side pretty well, but Wallace has had problems on the left. He has improved in each game however, and seems to be settling in and getting comfortable. Although things have improved defensively each match, there are still plenty of individual errors that opportunistic squads should be able to capitalize on.
Offensively, the Timbers don't mess around much. They are still playing a lot of “route one” football and trying to find Perlaza and Cooper with long balls over the top. If opponents can apply even a little pressure to the defenders and midfielders, Portland will stick primarily to kick-and-chase.
What seems to be Portland's strengths this season?
Kelly: Well, honestly, not much of anything just yet. But it's early and they are still trying to develop their style of play and get their team chemistry going. Portland is a young team with a lot of energy and heart, though. They do manage to put together some nice sequences after gaining possession off turnovers, even though they have lacked quality in front of goal. But it would be fair to say that counter attacks have provided them with much better opportunities than when they have tried to build an attack themselves.
What Portland players should fan keep an eye on Saturday?
Kelly: Kenny Cooper will be very noticeable, of course. You certainly don't want to give him any free looks, but he has understandably gotten the most attention from opponents. So watch for his strike partner, Jorge Perlaza. The two have begun to develop a nice partnership and although Perlaza has seemed a bit timid and unsure at times, he's always in the right spot at the right time. There's a sense that it's only a matter of time before we start to see his name continuously popping up on the score sheet.
As I mentioned before, we could see the debut of Darlington Nagbe who has been recovering from a sports hernia surgery a couple weeks ago. He started back to full training on Monday and was in the 18 for Tuesday's match although he didn't see the field.
Also, keep an eye out for Purdy and Wallace getting forward from their deep positions. If the Timbers are able to establish any offensive rhythm, those two will be flying up the wings and joining the attack all night long.
Kelly McLain's coverage of the Portland Timbers can be seen at http://www.timbersinsider.com. Follow Kelly on Twitter @TimbersInsider.
Protesters hold placards calling for the departure of Syrian refugees in Zouk Mosbeh, October 14, 2017. Arabic on the placards reads, 'So that we don't lose Lebanon. So that we don't lose our job.'
The slogans all sound the same: “We shall not become a minority in our own homeland,” one sign blared, in red letters. “This is a time-bomb that will destroy the nation,” Israel's foreign minister declared. The rage expressed in south Tel Aviv against Sudanese asylum seekers sounds much like the winds of hatred blowing in Lebanon against the refugees from Syria.
More than 1.2 million Syrians now live in Lebanon. According to the United Nations, more than 70 percent of them are living below the poverty line. Of those, 400,000 are children, few of whom are going to school.
Heart-rending reports describe the difficulties of life in Lebanon, especially for children. Some of them, as young as 10 years old, have been forced to work. Their parents aren't allowed to hold down jobs officially because the Lebanese government won't give them work permits. The men who head households may find occasional employment, in construction or agriculture, but they are paid a pittance.
Lebanese President Michel Aoun has explicitly clarified that Lebanon will not allow Syrian refugees to settle within its borders, and the establishment of so-called safe zones has become an excuse for the public to rally against the newcomers. These zones remain far from safe for their inhabitants, let alone provide any sources of employment for them.
In any event, enraged Lebanese citizens have recently held mass rallies against the “Syrian invasion” – because, as Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil put it, on October 8: “Any foreigner who is in our country, without us agreeing to it, is an occupier, no matter where he or she come from.”
In this June 20, 2017 file photo, a Syrian refugee hangs laundry outside her tent at a Syrian refugee camp in the eastern city of Baalbek, Lebanon. Bilal Hussein/ AP
Apparently many of his countrymen agree with the minister: They're mainly furious at the refugees for “stealing” jobs. “Brother Syrian refugee, my right to a job is greater than yours in our country,” said one sign, brandished at a protest in the city of Hadath, in northern Lebanon.
One Lebanese citizen, Francis Yaqub al-Kami, told the Middle East Online site that, “the Syrian presence in Lebanon has become a social and economic occupation, and ultimately, it will become political.”
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The fear of Syrians settling in Lebanon is understandable. The fragile demographic fabric of the country cannot withstand such a vast influx of these individuals, whether Sunni or Shi'ite, who constitute the majority of refugees (although there are also some Christians).
This is also the main reason why Lebanon has historically refused to grant citizenship to Palestinian refugees.
As for the economic situation in Lebanon, opinions differ, with some arguing that the refugees are good for the economy because they do jobs the locals won't touch and also help boost consumption by buying goods with money they get from aid organizations. Others claim, however, that unemployment among the Lebanese has increased by 30 percent since the Syrian civil war began.
The Lebanese government does not publish official statistics on the economic impact of the refugees, or on how the government allocates the humanitarian aid it receives.
Thus, the dispute has moved to the political arena, with each side presenting its own “data.” There is a national consensus that the refugees should go home to Syria, but the political dispute focuses on whether negotiations should be held directly with the Syrian government, as Hezbollah demands, or coordinated through the UN, as Prime Minister Saad Hariri and his loyalists demand. Hariri opposes negotiations with Syria because he doesn't want to grant the regime recognition. Hezbollah, for its part, does want Lebanon to recognize Syria.
The upshot is that there are no negotiations, not with Syria nor with the UN, while the refugees are caught in the middle, bereft of a solution. Hezbollah critics blame the organization for Lebanon's refugee problem, noting that Hezbollah took the Syrian regime's side in the civil war, and that it controls many of the areas from which Syrians have fled. Hezbollah rebuts that defending the Syrian regime is a Lebanese national interest and an important part of resisting foreign forces, meaning, the United States and its Zionist ally.
Turning the refugees in Lebanon into political pawns makes the job of charities all the more challenging They're suffering from “donor fatigue,” and from anger of the locals, who fear that helping the refugees will keep them in Lebanon all the longer. For example, these organizations are having trouble even running schools for the refugee children, or ensuring that high school graduates can go on to study at Lebanese universities, which won't recognize the certificates given to the grads by the Syrian opposition organizations. Only four private colleges accept Syrian students and they're on the verge of shutting down too.
In contrast to Jordan or Turkey, where Syrian school and university students are integrated into the local education system and may – under certain conditions – also work, Lebanon has no national plan to handle the refugees. Beyond that, international awareness of the urgent need to resolve the refugee problem is ebbing, even though the potential threat embodied in this problem only intensifies over time.
35 · 30 comments
Auntie Lu gives a speech at University of Maryland 2017 commencement. "I was ready to put on one of my five face masks, but when I took my first breath of American air. I put my mask away. The air was so sweet and fresh, and oddly luxurious." News went viral in China.
15 · 10 comments
A belligerent man in a Trump hat was kicked off a flight as a crowd chanted ‘Lock him up!': booted off a plane in Shanghai. He started arguing before he stepped onto the plane. Occupied a whole row of seats not his own. Crowd chanted until the Chinese airport sounded like a Trump rally.
32 · 19 comments
How to deal with Losersbackhome and Lus
· 1 comment
People Are Upset BTS Won a Billboard Music Award Because They Are Asian
33 · 3 comments
BTS wins 'Top Social Media Artist' at the BBMA
13 · 12 comments
Be careful around Whites brothers, especially in these times of nationalism rising around the world. Pack your Glocks and Karambits ✌️
A lot of women on an Asian Bachelor contestant's IG tonight. https://www.instagram.com/p/BUal95NANrI/
6
[Spoilers] About Samurai Jack
5
The Collapse of the Soviet Union: North Korea vs Cuba
15
Invisible subjects : Asian America in postwar literature
I am hardly the world's best programmer. I'll be the first to tell you that there are tons of developers out there better than I am. But here's the thing: in the ten years I've been gainfully employed as a so-called professional programmer, I can count the number of truly great programmers I've worked with on one hand. I know this probably sounds like hopeless elitism, but hear me out: there's something unique about our profession that leads to an unusually profound disparity in skill.
In programming specifically, many studies have shown order of magnitude differences in the quality of the programs written, the sizes of the programs written, and the productivity of the programmers. The original study that showed huge variations in individual programming productivity was conducted in the late 1960s by Sackman, Erikson, and Grant (1968). They studied professional programmers with an average of 7 years' experience and found that the ratio of intitial coding time between the best and worst programmers was about 20:1; the ratio of debugging times over 25:1; of program sizes 5:1; and of program execution speed about 10:1. They found no relationship between a programmer's amount of experience and code quality or productivity. (Code Complete, page 548)
In other words, the good developers aregood, and the bad developers are atrociously bad. You really never know what you're going to get when you arrive on a job: statistically, you've got a fifty/fifty chance of working with either a genius or a jackass. Isn't that reassuring?
Wouldn't you expect a truck driver with twenty years of driving experience to perform better than a rookie with less than a year of road time under his belt? Of course you would. And shouldn't a grizzled ten year veteran of dozens of software projects-- like, say, myself-- perform better than some punk kid directly out of college? Well, you might think so, but in the bizarro world of software development, that logic doesn't apply:
[In the analysis of Coding War Games results, 1977 - 1986, we found that] people who had ten years of experience did not outperform those with two years of experience. There was no correlation between experience and performance except that those with less than six months' experience with the languages used in the exercise did not do as well as the rest of the sample. (Peopleware, p. 47)
In a study with similar findings, Bill Curtis presented a group of 60 professional programmers with what he characterized as a "simple" debugging task ("Substantiating Programmer Variability," Proceedings of the IEEE, vol. 69, no. 7, 1981). In spite of its simplicity, 6 of the professional programmers weren't able to complete the task, and data on their performance was excluded from the results of the study. Curtis observed order of magnitude differences among the programmers who were able to complete the task. (Steve McConnell)
What the hell kind of profession generates so much data supporting the hypothesis that there is no correlation between experience, performance, and skill? Where do we go from there? I don't have any answers, but I do have two suggestions.
Filmmaker: Maanda Ntsandeni
Each year in South Africa's Cape Flats region, more than 1,000 youths are released from prison on parole. Many of these parolees will return to jail within a few weeks - unable to re-integrate into their communities or to avoid being caught up in the vicious circle of gangs, drugs and crime that is life for many in the townships.
But, for a lucky few there is an alternative. Solomon Madikane is a former prison warden who was so frustrated by the endless cycle of law-breaking and incarceration that he left his job and set up the Realistic prisoner reintegration programme in 2004. Based in the Cape Flats townships, Realistic has an extraordinary success rate: 95 per cent of the parolees who complete the programme have successfully turned their back on crime.
From the early days of Realistic, Solomon has been motivated by a desire to give parolees a second chance.
In this film, Witness goes to the Cape Flats to observe the work Solomon and his co-workers do for some of the most disadvantaged youth in South Africa. We meet two of the Realistic parolees - Thabo and Thando - and learn just how strong they have to be to leave the attractions of a life of drugs and crime behind.
Update:
Since Parole Camp was made Thabo has taken part in a professional chefs programme with the help of Realistic and is now working in one of Cape Town's restaurants. Thando was sent to Bosasa, in Cape Town, a juvenile centre, and is eligible for release in June. Solomon Madikane continues to work with young people hoping to turn their lives around before it's too late.
FILMMAKER'S VIEW
By Maanda Ntsandeni
My journey to making Parole Camp began four years ago when a friend, Andrew May, invited me to South Africa's Pollsmoor Prison. Andrew, an American studying for his Masters of Law degree, was running a class on the Restorative Justice System for inmates approaching their release.
Like many South Africans frustrated by the country's soaring crime rates, I was deeply prejudiced towards anybody who had served time in prison - choosing to focus on my belief that they deserved punishment while overlooking the fact that they had served their dues behind bars.
But on that day in Pollsmoor Prison, when a woman in her forties stood up to tell her imprisoned husband of the difficulties she encountered in raising their children alone, I came to understand that crime takes its toll not only on the victims but also on the families of the perpetrators.
The message that woman conveyed was that her sons, raised without a father's presence in their lives, were now following in their father's footsteps while she struggled to assert any kind of authority over them.
During the class, many others took their turn to speak out about how they had been impacted by the actions of their imprisoned children. In this emotionally charged atmosphere, some cried openly while others stifled sobs.
As tears welled up in my eyes, my attitudes were transformed.
Later that same day, I met Solomon Madikane, a former prison warden who, in 2004, set up a prisoner reintegration programme with the aim of stopping parolees in the Cape Flats region of South Africa from re-offending and ending up back behind bars. Solomon told me about how Realistic works with young people at risk of returning to prison for violating their parole conditions.
I knew right there and then that this was a story I wanted to share with the world.
That was where the journey began. But making Parole Camp would prove to be my greatest challenge in documentary filmmaking yet - not least of all because of the prejudice widely felt towards former prison inmates.
But meeting those desperately trying to change their lives drove me on, even when it became clear that I would never find financing for the film.
I have great admiration for the young people who have passed through Solomon's programme, despite facing the daily challenges of getting by in an area decimated by drugs and where most have only a very minimal chance of making something of their lives.
And I was moved by what Solomon has been able to achieve in less than five years with Realistic, often with no resources at all. His methods captivate the participants, completely transforming them by the time the programme ends.
Solomon is a hero in a place where hopelessness is everywhere and, yet, he remains the humblest person I have ever met. His indomitable spirit and belief in me as a filmmaker made something seemingly impossible, the making of this film, possible.
Source: Al Jazeera
If you're looking for a deal, you've landed on the right page. A really Free VPN connection is for sure a deal. On the market, there are so many free Virtual Private Networks that it is pretty challenging to understand which ones are trustworthy (not many!) and which ones must be avoided.
We have selected the best Free VPN Servers for you. Even though we are not against free providers, you need to know what are the possible dangers that come with them. In this article, you will understand when you can use a free VPN software without worries and when you should avoid it. We have even selected the best really free VPN servers available today on the market for your reference.
Why Should You Consider a VPN Connection
In today's world, it is mandatory to protect your devices when using the Internet. For that, proxy servers and antivirus can be installed to secure your privacy and your personal data. Anyhow, none of them will guarantee you the protection level that a VPN connection ensures.
Another annoying problem you often have to deal with is geo-restriction and location errors. They prevent you from accessing several contents on the internet. For example, you might not be able to watch episodes of your favorite tv show if you are not located in the broadcaster's country.
For instance, the most popular online rental services, Netflix, doesn't make its rich US catalog available to users connecting from outside the US. You will have the same problem if you want to watch BBC iPlayer from outside the UK. You might not be able to access Facebook or Twitter from your office or at school.The same thing applies to music streaming sites like Spotify or Pandora, available only for users in the US, Australia or New Zealand.
All of these legal restrictions are just frustrating.
Fortunately, connecting through a VPN you can bypass this kind of roadblock and enjoy all the content you desire from anywhere in the world. Most importantly, you will not compromise your privacy and security at the same time.
Free VPN Server To Have Full Access To The Internet
What is a VPN connection?
It's a program that hides your real IP address (which is what websites are using to restrict access to their content) and assigns you a fake one to simulate your presence in another country. This method is 100% legal and makes your connection more secure when downloading data from torrent sites.
There are two kinds of subscriptions to a VPN:
free VPN
paid VPN (monthly or annual fee).
The free VPN version can be tempting and will definitely do the job.
However, keep in mind there are a few drawbacks if you choose that kind of service.
Dangers of a Free VPN Connection
The old saying “you get what you pay for” is often true when it comes to free VPNs.
A free VPN poses a danger to users that are not found with a paid VPN subscription. Especially if you are not careful in your choice, most of the time you will end up paying more in the long run. How is that?
#Selling Your Data To Third Parties
One of the more common practices of free VPN's is to allow third parties to look at your data. When you connect to the Internet through a VPN server, your ISP (Internet Service Provider) cannot see your data as well as third parties like hackers, governments and so on. But the VPN provider itself has access to your data.
When you sign up for this free VPN, chances are you did it to stay anonymous online. However, these VPN providers may sell your information to third parties who in turn will use it for their businesses.
This makes sense for VPN providers, how else could they afford to offer a VPN service to clients with no fee? But it doesn't make sense to you who are looking for privacy and end up instead with your personal info being sold to third parties.
#Malvertising
Malvertising is another common practice with free VPN's. This is the VPN provider's method of attaching malware to your device. The extent of the problem and the dangers for the users have been recently exposed to a new study on free VPNs by CSIRO and some articles published on WIRED.
When you visit a website, you notice no change. However, the VPN provider has switched out the current ads on the website, for ones of their choosing.
These ads could be with partners they have, they could be more related to what you have searched in the past, or they could even be for a paid version of the service that you are currently using. This is a tactic that many free VPN's uses.
Malware has become a huge issue in recent years for those who are utilizing a free VPN on any device they own. Malware encompasses a huge field of issues. For example, this malware could be computer viruses, Trojans, worms, adware or spyware. Malware is installed on the device via the VPN provider.
From there, what happens can be endless. You could unknowingly send this malware to others if you are connected to the VPN while sending messages to contacts. You may find that this malware sends your exact browsing history to a remote location in which someone else can find. It really is endless in how this could affect you.
#Legal Dangers
There are also legal ramifications to consider when using a free VPN. In the past few years, the truth about free VPN's has been spoken about loudly throughout the technology community.
It was found that many free VPN's states that your identity is anonymous. However, when a user goes to a site that is not considered harmful, illegal or inappropriate by any means, the provider basically kicks the user off their service. However, the person still believes they are connected to the VPN. This poses several problems that have recently been highlighted.
These problems include:
Your connection is wide open for anyone to hack into . While you may be on a perfectly legitimate website, that does not mean that there are not hackers or criminals simply waiting for you.
. While you may be on a perfectly legitimate website, that does not mean that there are not hackers or criminals simply waiting for you. The provider has been known to measure the bandwidth that you would have used if connected and then sell this to others . This way they are making a profit while you think you are protected.
. This way they are making a profit while you think you are protected. Along with selling your bandwidth, they are also selling your IP address to the highest bidder! This could open your address for more cybercrime if this is received by the wrong person.
What Could Be Become the Problem for You?
In the above situations, if the person's IP address and bandwidth are given to the highest bidder, this means you could potentially be accused of cyber crimes.
For example, if a criminal were to set up a DOS attack under your IP address, this is going to be linked back to you, even though you did not do this. If this DOS attack is caught, it could mean having to prove your innocence, which is going to be hard to do when the facts state that your IP address was the one involved.
Remember, when you sign up with a free VPN, you are giving them access to your most private information. Therefore, the free VPN must be one in which you trust.
Therefore, we highly recommend a paid subscription to one of the best VPN providers on the market. Paid VPN's offer a higher level of security and maintain a code of ethics for how they treat their customer's data.
Among the best-paid VPN you may consider:
Not All Free VPNs Are Bad
Of course, not all free VPN providers are that bad. There are several reputable companies on the market that offer a free service besides the paid one. They have been on the market for long enough to build a strong reputation for their reliability.
So, if you are still intent to utilize to a free VPN server, here are the Top 10 really free VPN providers.
From the last reports, they should still be malware free. However, the free service is never equal to the paid one in terms of security and you may have to deal with continuous advertisement popping up, limitations in bandwidth, slow connection and so on.
A free VPN can be a good choice for some minor task, but if you want to get into some serious business like accessing the US Netflix Library, BitTorrent download, Online payments and other activities who require high-security levels, a free VPN is never a wise choice.
After all, it wouldn't make any sense to pay for a service if you can get exactly the same for free, right?
8 Best Free VPN Server List
TunnelBear
TunnelBear is our first choice among free VPN services.
If you're looking for an easy-to-set-up, user-friendly, and really free VPN server, then TunnelBear might be for you. It offers great anonymity and security while surfing the web. Anyway, the lack of international servers and low speed compared to what competitors are offering might turn off some people.
However, the free trial works perfectly for many users and it gives you a taste of what TunnelBear is capable of. If after testing the service you want to upgrade to the paid version and enjoy international servers and higher speeds, you can do it for just a few dollars per month.
TunnelBear Pros
User-friendly interface
Easy to set up
Extension available for browsers
Compatible with Netflix
TunnelBear Cons
Only 500 MB of data every month
No OpenVPN configs
Limited number of servers and not available worldwide
Torrent downloading and P2P services not supported
Tunnel Bear Free Trial
Windscribe
Windscribe is a young contender in the Virtual Private Network free server market. It includes a number of privacy options as well as an ad blocker. However, the number of servers available for the free service is somewhat limited.
To be noted, Windscribe is probably the only free VPN that allows P2P on every server and to connect unlimited devices.
Windscribe Pros
10GB of data limit per month for the free version (only if you register your email)
Great security level when browsing
Servers are available worldwide
P2P
Ad-block
Unlimited devices
Windscribe Cons
Limited number of servers
Limit of 11 countries available
Limited downloading speed
Windscribe Free Version
Hide.Me
Hide.me is a good option in the VPN market. This free VPN is reliable when it comes about privacy and the connection speed is pretty fast (not always!). The free account limitations are significant compared to the paid version but if you need a VPN for minor tasks, Hide.me is a good choice.
To be noted that the free VPN account doesn't support OpenVPN protocol and therefore the security level is not top notch.
hide.me Pros
User-friendly
Easy to set up.
Good security level
Windscribe Cons
Only 3 server locations
No OpenVPN protocol
Only 2 GB data transfer
Only 1 device
Visit hide.me VPN
ProtonVPN
ProtonVPN is a fairly new project based in Switzerland. It offers a no-logs policy and decent level of security. Of course, most of the features that make this VPN interesting are not available in the free VPN version. However, ProtonVPN can serve your purpose if you are not planning to download BitTorrent or bypass censorship.
Proton VPN Pros
No data cap
No-logs
Windscribe Cons
Low Speed
VPN Servers available in only 3 countries
Only 1 device
SurfEasy
SurfEasy is one of the top contenders in the free VPN server category. It's fast, reliable and offers great support for all the customers' needs. They have a lot of servers available so you can find the best one for you.
SurfEasy VPN Pros
A lot of servers available
Reliable connection
Secure connection
Windscribe Cons
Only 500MB bandwidth limit for the free version
Not available for Linux
No refund available if you chose the paid version
Betternet
Betternet is a really free VPN server that makes money through ads. Subscribers can benefit from a great security and privacy level. It is really simple to use and can be activated with a touch of a button. Some ads can be invasive though and you might need to watch a few videos in order to activate the service.
Betternet Pros
Automatically connects the device to the fastest server available
Available for desktop and mobile
No data limit per month
Windscribe Cons
Slow and inconsistent speeds
No customer support available
Invasive ads and media viewing required sometimes
PrivateTunnel
Private Tunnel is available on Windows and Mac platforms. Server selection is not optimal but provides a steady connection nonetheless. Their business model is a bit different from competitors since you can pay per GB used.
Private Tunnel Pros
User-friendly interface
Great speed connection
Get more data per month by referring friends
Windscribe Cons
200MB data limit per month
Not a lot of servers available
VPNGate
VPNGate is a simple and easy to use service with a clean interface and without all the flashy features. You can select a server from the list and immediately get connected. Unfortunately, it might not be for everyone because there can be a lot of trial and error in order to find a reliable server.
VPNGate Pros
Easy to install and to use
Lots of great servers in Asia
Windscribe Pros
Hard to find a reliable and steady server
Almost no support for Africa
Should You Go For a Free VPN Server?
There you have it, the best free virtual private network list you can find on the Internet.
Still, I must insist that using the free version of a VPN will give you the experience you want but will never be optimal. It is for sure a good option if you just want to experience the benefits of a VPN connection. It could be a stepping stone to move to a highly reliable paid service.
If you really care about your privacy and Internet security, keep in mind that a free VPN server doesn't guarantee the anonymity you need. If you're planning to download BitTorrent or you're planning for sensitive tasks on the Internet, a free VPN is never a wise choice. We suggest you checking one of the best VPN for torrenting than can guarantee you total safety.
As we mentioned at the outset, a Virtual Private Network for free often makes money selling your data to third parties. If you think about, that goes against the concept of anonymity and security that a good VPN provider should ensure.
For just a few bucks per month, you can subscribe to a paid version and enjoy unlimited bandwidth, optimal speed as well as the maximum level of security. You can check the Best VPN on the market we reviewed for you and find the one that best suits your needs and budget.
Keep in mind that many of these highly trusted services like ExpressVPN, CyberGhost, HideMyAss, IPVanish, NordVPN, and several more offer a free trial period to test their services. For instance, with ExpressVPN you can try it for 30 days for free. That could be a good option to both have a service for free and test the potential of a good VPN provider.
BEST VPN CONNECTION FOR YOUR PRIVACY
Cheryl Holmes, CTV Winnipeg
Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau made his third and final stop in Winnipeg Saturday night, as a 78 day Federal Election campaign nears its end.
Thousands greeted Trudeau at the St. James Civic Centre Auditorium on Ness Avenue.
Parked vehicles filled many streets near the event which began just after 7:00 p.m. Trudeau took to the stage around 7:30 p.m.
A line-up of supporters waiting to get into the packed room stretched about a full city block from the front doors of the auditorium.
Liberal support has surged across the country in recent weeks.
The latest CTV, Globe and Mail poll by Nanos Research shows Liberals with 36.5 per cent of voters.
The Conservatives remain back at 30.6 per cent, the NDP sits at 23.5 percent, and the Green Party has 4.7 per cent support nationally.
The 42nd Federal Election happens on Monday October 19, 2015.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The teenage son of a tycoon worth £160 million learned the hard way money can't buy everything - when he was booted out of his final exams for cheating.
Swaggering Victor Micula, 18, turned up for the exam resit in a black £160,000 Ferrari, boasting to local reporters in Oradea, western Romania, that he was "confident and well prepared."
The Ferrari was then driven off by a minder, but just an hour later a scowling Micula emerged, and he dashed into a waiting Mercedes S class limo, refusing to say a word.
(Image: CEN)
But the reason for his fury emerged days later when the results of the test posted on the school noticeboard revealed he had been removed from the exam for cheating.
One schoolmate said: "This was his last chance to graduate because he'd already failed the exam once.
"It just shows you money can't buy everything - but I don't think it's going to affect his career prospects as he can always get a job from his dad."
(Image: CEN)
Under Romanian education ministry rules, a dismissal for cheating means the boy will not be allowed to take the final exam again before 2016.
But the cheating teen still stands to inherit a fortune from his father Ioan Micula, who built his business empire in tourism, property, the media and industry.
The teen's brattish antics are a regular feature in the Romanian media. He used to turn up at school by helicopter so he could sleep in longer in the morning,
He was rapped when he drove his Ferrari down a pedestrian-only street to go shopping at a jewellery shop with his girlfriend, and was banned from driving for three months when he was caught speeding.
(Image: CEN)
Earlier this year, he told reporters he wanted to go to a Romanian monastery to pray and find peace from exam pressure - but angered those meditating at the building by turning up in his private helicopter.
His tycoon father who is known for indulging his children has been blamed for the way the teen behaves.
When daughter Olivia who studied at Regent's Business School wed earlier this month, the bride and groom released around 500 white doves, while at the reception guests sat around a two metre high wedding cake.
Nothing puts a sparkle in a young woman's eyes like plowing uploads of liquid manure. At least, that would seem to be the case as you watch Carolyn Kokko, a Cornell University graduate student, cheerfully driving a Bobcat utility tractor and using its scoop attachment to muck out lanes between rows of cow stalls in the school's new Teaching Dairy Barn. More important, the building's residents seem quite content, too. When the barn was devised, “cow comfort was our No. 1 priority,” says Chuck Guard, a professor of veterinary medicine who oversees the facility, which opened in the autumn of 2012. “A happy cow is a productive cow.”
The terms ‘Ivy League' and ‘farm' sound like odd companions, but Cornell's relationship with farms, cows and soil runs deep.
A concrete manifestation of Cornell's commitment to food science and animal husbandry, the Teaching Dairy Barn has a symbolic value too, says Scott Erdy, a principal of Erdy McHenry Architecture, the Philadelphia-based firm that designed the structure. “The building is a commercial dairy and a working classroom, but it also serves as a gateway to the Cornell campus at its rural edge,” he says. “The barn is the first thing you see, so it has an aesthetic function.”
It performs that task admirably. The building represents an elegant, modern take on traditional barn design. The twin planes of the sweeping, ribbed-metal roof have a dramatic offset – a space filled by clerestory windows (above eye level) facing the southern exposure. The barn is “oriented so that the open walls catch the prevailing winds and maximize ventilation,” Erdy says. “This is the least smelly cow barn you will ever visit.”
1 A DeLaval milking unit, which automatically removes the device from the udder when milk flow drops below 1.5 pounds per minute. The smart unit identifi es cows by their ID number, and can keep track of how much milk the cow produces on average. 2 The milking parlor, where students Allison Vander Plaats and Matt Fortin prep cows for service. 3 Looking through the freestall barn, where cows can eat, roam and sleep wherever they want. 1 A DeLaval milking unit, which automatically removes the device from the udder when milk flow drops below 1.5 pounds per minute. The smart unit identifi es cows by their ID number, and can keep track of how much milk the cow produces on average. 2 The milking parlor, where students Allison Vander Plaats and Matt Fortin prep cows for service. 3 Looking through the freestall barn, where cows can eat, roam and sleep wherever they want.
The building sits atop a low ridge, adjacent to a stand of old-growth forest. At the point where the cow stalls meet the “milking parlor,” the structure angles slightly to the northwest to conform to the topography, giving the barn further modernist panache. Inside, laminated plywood trusses that support the roof have been engineered to follow the lines of the ceiling. The design prevents birds – which are vectors for disease and can also consume huge amounts of feed – from finding places to perch, as they would among the rafters in a traditional “webbed” truss barn.
‘If I were a cow, I'd love to live here.'
The terms “Ivy League” and “farm” sound like odd companions, but Cornell's relationship with farms, cows and soil runs deep. The school – located in the Finger Lakes region of upstate New York, outside the city of Ithaca – was founded in 1865 as a state-sponsored land-grant college. Government support carried with it a mandate to make agricultural studies a key part of the curriculum. The university was built on farmland donated by Ezra Cornell (who also endowed the school), and milk produced on campus has long nourished Phi Beta Kappa brains.
Unsullied by pigeons and starlings, the 185 Holsteins currently enrolled in the barn enjoy several superior amenities. The cows can eat when and however much they like. (Their feed consists of silage – moist, fermented fodder made from corn – mixed with alfalfa, soy, canola oil and grains.) Instead of straw, they bed down on sand – a more comfortable cow mattress that, being inorganic, does not foster the growth of bacteria. The areas between the stalls are roomier than in most barns, and the cows are never tied in place.
View of dairy barn at night, which is on track to receive LEED Silver certification.
The most obvious perks, to non-bovine sensibilities, are the electronic back-scratching devices. These consist of large, rounded nylon brushheads – which look like one end of a personal shoe-buffer – mounted on an armature. When a cow roams over to the machines, the brushes automatically engage and rub the animal's back and flanks. Far from being dumb, “the cows figured the back-scratchers out for themselves,” says Guard. “We didn't teach them a thing.”
So are the cows happy? The proof could be in the milk pail. According to Guard, each cow produces an average of 95 pounds of milk per day. (By custom, pounds are the wholesale commercial measurement used for milk delivery.) “That puts us in the top 95th percentile of milk production, and maybe in the 99th percentile,” he says. The cows give so much milk they are milked three times daily, with half the milk staying on campus when school is in session and the rest going to a regional dairy co-op. Twice daily is the norm on most farms.
Cows experience the magic of automatic brushes, which start as soon as the cows touch them, and provide cleanliness and enrichment
And if contentment can indeed be calibrated by the quart, then it is done so digitally. Each cow has a data chip embedded in her ID ear tag. When the animal is attached to a milking machine, a computer registers the cow's identity and notes whether or not she is producing her standard amount of milk.
Of course, the firsthand evidence is the most convincing. Anne Borkowski – like Kokko, a graduate student of veterinary medicine – moves easily among the cows. Impressive, as they are big beasts intimidatingly unaware of their bigness. “They're curious, but cautious,” she says of the cows as she shoos them aside. “That's good. They're easy to move because they're cautious.”
Students, like farmers, do not habitually make pets of cows – doing so would inevitably lead to heartbreak. But Borkowski can't help herself with one animal. “Here's my favorite. She's kind of old, and follows me around,” she says, arriving at the stall where cow #1066 lies. “Hi, Mommy!” She nestles against the cow, and strokes her side. “My friends laugh at me because I spend so much time here at the barn, but I'm crazy about it,” Borkowski says. “If I were a cow, I'd love to live here.”
Image copyright EPA Image caption Thousands have attended funerals for a number of those killed during the coup attempt
Turkey has arrested 6,000 people after a failed coup, with President Erdoğan vowing to purge state bodies of the "virus" that caused the revolt.
Mr Erdoğan's top military aide Col Ali Yazici is among those now in custody.
The overall death toll for the weekend violence has risen to 290, the foreign ministry said. More than 100 of those were participating in the coup.
Security forces are reported to have met resistance from some coup plotters who were being arrested.
Warning shots were fired at Istanbul's second largest airport, and also at a military base in central Konya province, unnamed officials said.
"We will continue to cleanse the virus from all state institutions, because this virus has spread. Unfortunately like a cancer, this virus has enveloped the state," Recep Tayyip Erdoğan told mourners at a funeral in Istanbul for victims of the coup.
Mr Erdoğan broke down in tears while speaking at the funeral of a close political ally, his campaign manager Erol Olcak, and his teenage son. He said he would take the country forward in "unity and solidarity".
The president repeated an accusation that cleric Fethullah Gulen was behind the plot, and called for him to be extradited from the US. Mr Gulen strongly denies any involvement.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Why did the coup in Turkey fail?
Drama not quite over yet - BBC's Selin Gerit in Istanbul
Image copyright EPA
Emotions are running high as funerals for those killed during the coup plot are held. President Erdoğan was among those mourning in Istanbul for the brother of one of his closest advisers.
"My glorious nation has given the best response to the coup plotters," Mr Erdoğan said in a televised speech frequently interrupted by chants of "God is Great!" Whenever he made a reference to Fethullah Gulen, the roar of boos would come from the crowd.
Turkey has been through a dramatic 48 hours, on a scale even this country - with a turbulent past of three previous coups and a further two military interventions - had never seen before. And it is not totally over yet.
As more than 6,000 have been detained and the expectation that numbers could rise further, one Twitter user commented "this is an opportunity for the governing party to cleanse out all opposition to the presidential system".
Mr Erdoğan's critics wonder if he could he make use of the latest events as leverage to push harder for a constitutional change that would further enhance his powers.
People are rallying in cities including Istanbul and Ankara, to show support for the government.
Mr Erdoğan told a crowd that Turkey would consider reinstating the death penalty. He said: "In democracies, decisions are made based on what the people say. I think our government will speak with the opposition and come to a decision.
"We cannot delay this anymore because in this country, those who launch a coup will have to pay the price for it."
Capital punishment was abolished in 2004 as part of Turkey's bid to join the European Union. Nobody has been executed in the country since 1984.
Among the latest arrests to be reported was the commander of Incirlik air base in the south used by US-led coalition jets for raids against the so-called Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria. Unnamed officials said Gen Bekir Ercan Van and 10 other soldiers had been detained for their role in the coup.
Also on Sunday, more than 50 senior soldiers were detained in the western province of Denizli, including the garrison commander.
Those arrested on Saturday were reported to include Gen Erdal Ozturk, commander of the Third Army; Gen Adem Huduti, commander of the Second Army; and Akin Ozturk, the former Chief of Air Staff.
One of Turkey's most senior judges, Alparslan Altan, has also been taken into custody.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Thousands of soldiers have been rounded up and judges arrested in the aftermath of the failed coup
Image copyright EPA Image caption Turkey has been through a dramatic couple of days
Image copyright AP
President Erdoğan has called on the US to extradite Fethullah Gulen, 75, who heads the popular Hizmet movement and is said to count military chiefs and mid-level bureaucrats among his followers.
Once allies, Mr Erdoğan has long accused Mr Gulen and his supporters of plotting against him.
US Secretary of State John Kerry said of any extradition, that Turkey should "present us with any legitimate evidence that withstands scrutiny".
Mr Gulen has denied any involvement in the coup. He has been in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania for the past 15 years, and said: "I don't even know who my followers [in Turkey] are." He suggested Mr Erdoğan may have staged the attempted coup himself in an attempt to tighten his grip on power.
Mr Kerry strongly rebuked a Turkish minister who suggested Washington was behind the coup. He said "utterly false" insinuations were "harmful to our bilateral relations".
US President Barack Obama has joined other world leaders in calling for all parties in Turkey to "act within the rule of law".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Fethullah Gulen: "There is a possibility it could be a staged coup"
Are you in Turkey? How has the coup attempt changed the country? Have you been affected by recent events? What are your hopes and fears for the future? You can email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your experiences.
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
Get your heart pills ready, Broncos Country. This has the look of another wild ride.
As long as the Denver Broncos continue to find ways to get wins, no one will complain about the damage they do to their ticker. Or the fact it feels like you just finished running a marathon when the game ends.
As the old saying goes, “It's better to be lucky than good.” In the same refrain, teams make their own luck. There were ample opportunities for the Broncos to think the NFL opener just wasn't their night. Three turnovers all inside the 30-yard line. Stupid penalties. Questionable play calls.
To Denver's credit, it didn't stop, here we go again, kicking and screaming en route to the 21-20 win over the Carolina Panthers at Mile High.
This effing team. Good grief. Get your heart pills ready, #BroncosCountry. This #Broncos team, man. What else can you say? — Ian St. Clair (@IanStClair) September 9, 2016
The catalyst to that glorious finish was C.J. Anderson and the Broncos running game. Anderson was the best player on the field in Denver. If there was any doubt he would answer the call after his contract extension, he put that talk to bed.
Anderson looked and played like a No. 1 running back. Yet more important, his teammates fed off of his energy. The harder he continued to run, the better the offensive line blocked. As the game ticked by, Denver's offensive line got better and better. Anderson finished with 20 carries for 92 yards and a touchdown, plus four catches for 47 yards and another touchdown.
Granted, it's just one game, but that aspect for the Broncos is huge as the season progresses. If Denver runs the football as it did against the Panthers, it will be nearly impossible to defeat this team.
The biggest question prior to Thursday's game was the Broncos offensive line. How would those five guys respond to a front seven that Gary Kubiak called the best he's coached against? After Thursday's performance, the question now is how good can this rushing attack be?
92 rushing yards, 47 receiving, two touchdowns.
C.J. Anderson fantasy owners are probably as happy as he is. pic.twitter.com/j7OedM5Rl5 — ESPN (@espn) September 9, 2016
Chew on this: Denver rushed the ball 29 times for 148 yards. That averages out to 5.1 yards per carry. Against a front seven that Kubiak called the best he's ever coached against. That's good. That's really good.
That's why the Broncos were able to overcome those three turnovers. That's also why they were able to overcome, at least early in the game, a shaky showing by the defense.
But it wasn't just in run blocking where Denver's offensive line shined. It was strong in pass protection as well. The Broncos gave up just two sacks, and those only happened on delayed blitzes when Trevor Siemian held the ball too long. That will improve as the season progresses as well. And Siemian will build on his first start where he did some truly great stuff and truly awful stuff. The positive is he has a run game to lead the way.
It's crucial to point out that Denver faced one of the best defenses in the NFL on Thursday night. There aren't a lot of teams that can throw out the front seven the Panthers have, and the Broncos still took over this game at the line of scrimmage. That's a great sign.
The best aspect of all is this comes in a win. Denver sees what it did well and where it needs to improve, all with the sweet taste of victory to wash it down. And the Broncos get to do that on a mini bye. They get some time to come down after that exhausting game before the Indianapolis Colts come to Denver.
Impressed with how the #Broncos have run the football. The line has impressed me & @cjandersonb22 has been phenomenal. — Ian St. Clair (@IanStClair) September 9, 2016
You know the Broncos defense will shore up those too many men penalties and breakdowns in coverage. That unit is too proud and good to not let a performance like that piss them off. They know they escaped with a win and need to get better. If they want to go down as the best, there is no choice.
On the list of things Kubiak and Wade Phillips need to concern themselves with, the defense isn't one of them. The kinks will get ironed out.
But the biggest development out of this win is the offensive line and that rushing attack for the Broncos. And this was just the first game of the season against a helluva defense.
It all came in the best way imaginable: a win. Lucky or not, Denver starts the season 1-0 where Anderson and the Broncos offensive line shined.
Ready or not, Operation Kicking and Screaming is once again in full effect.
‘I was enraged by the subterfuge and potential blackmail they wanted us to do,' says former GCHQ employee
A public interest defence should be introduced into the Official Secrets Act to protect whistleblowers and prevent governments from hiding politically embarrassing information, a former GCHQ employee has urged.
Katherine Gun, a former translator for the monitoring agency who leaked details of an operation to bug United Nations offices before the 2003 invasion of Iraq, called for reform of the law following revelations by the US whistleblower Edward Snowden.
Gun was speaking at a conference in London on Friday alongside former employees from the National Security Agency (NSA), FBI and US state department who exposed what they believed was wrong-doing in the US government's war against terror.
“The Official Secrets Act is one of the most draconian acts,” Gun said. “Both the Blair government and the Obama government have talked about protection for whistleblowers but there has been no agreement.
“We have never seen an attempt to reform the Official Secrets Act and put in a public defence interest. That's crucial and necessary for whistleblowers to provide a defence on a case by case basis.”
The prosecution against her was dropped, Gun said, because she was planning to argue that what she did was out of necessity and to seek sensitive documents. “It's important to have a public defence interest as a caveat against the law,” she added.
Referring to the request in 2003 from the NSA to bug the offices of countries on the UN security council before the vote on invading Iraq, Gun said: “I was enraged by the subterfuge and potential blackmail they wanted us to carry out. I went public and it was published in the Observer.”
The conference was organised by ExposeFacts, a newly-founded US campaign aimed at providing better protection for whistleblowers and to protect journalism from surveillance.
Coleen Rowley, a former FBI lawyer who exposed many of the agency's intelligence failures before the 9/11 attacks in the US, said the lessons learnt afterwards stressed the atrocity might have been stopped if intelligence had been shared between agencies.
“Foremost [among the problems] was the failure to share information with the public,” she said. “We are told that national secrecy is protecting us. It's precisely the opposite. If we had shared information we could have prevented 9/11.”
Norman Solomon, of ExposeFacts, said: “It's the official position of the Obama administration that whistleblowing is likely to be worse than [intelligence penetration] by a foreign power. This is a war on journalism and a war on whistleblowing.”
Kirk Wiebe, a whistleblower who worked at the NSA for 36 years, said that when he started working with the agency it ensured that information on “innocent people” that had been intercepted was deleted after 30 days.
“Now the mass surveillance is going on is looking at everything all the time,” he said. “It's the most insidious threat to global democracy. No nation has been able to do this before.
“They want to stick it in a database so that if they think you were doing something suspicious they can go back and look at it. It's a dark cloud hanging over each of us.”
A Cabinet Office spokesman said: “The UK firmly supports the right to freedom of expression. We take great care to balance individual rights with our duty to safeguard the public and the UK's national security.
“If sensitive information about the work of UK authorities to maintain national security is made publicly available or provided to those without authorised access, it could help terrorists to threaten British citizens or impede the efforts of the police and intelligence agencies to keep us safe, and ultimately threaten lives. This is about ensuring that, day in day out, they can do their job of protecting our country and our people.”
After Traffic Count Drops Off a Cliff, Albuquerque Rushes to Widen Road
Given limited budget resources and competing demands, what makes some transportation projects rise to the top of a city's wish list? Dan Majewski at Urban ABQ says that in his hometown of Albuquerque, there doesn't seem to be much sense to it.
For example, one of the projects in line for funding locally is the $7 million widening of Osuna Road — where, as shown in the above graph, traffic has declined precipitously. Writes Majewski:
Osuna is an interesting road. It starts as a major arterial with an interstate highway off-ramp and eventually dwindles down to a minor neighborhood street. During the early 2000s, traffic counts were increasing dramatically, but recently, they have dropped to early 1990s levels. According to the regional TIP (transportation improvement program), Osuna is listed as an approved project. The TIP goes through a hypothetically public process, though mid day meetings, which are not heavily advertised, hardly count as such. [Above] is a chart of traffic counts on Osuna Road between I-25 and 2nd Street, the segment which the City of Albuquerque is trying to expand.
AND HERE LIES THE PROBLEM: Osuna is currently high on the list of proposed road widening projects in the City of Albuquerque. According to vehicle count data from the MRCOG website, Osuna currently experiences little to no congestion. For example, Central Avenue currently handles 30,000 vehicles per day with two lanes in each direction so there is hardly a need for 3 lanes on Osuna, which currently averages 22,000 vehicles/day. The question I pose to you, the reader: Why is this $7 million road widening project a high city priority? Aren't there more pressing projects to which this funding should be allocated, projects which would lead to much higher return on investment (ROI)? The answer is YES, there are.
Majewski points out that transit ridership has nearly doubled in Albuquerque in recent years. He'll be looking at what projects really should be in line for funding in subsequent posts.
Elsewhere on the Network today: Wash Cycle discusses a study that attempted to examine the effectiveness of Maryland's three-foot passing law. Car Free Dallas offers a list of recommendations to make the city's downtown circulator bus service more useful. And Urban Review STL has a simple proposal for keeping drivers from parking at local bus stops.
Kansas House Minority Leader Paul Davis, a Lawrence Democrat, reviews an explanation of a bill stripping cities and counties of their power to regulate guns, Saturday, April 5, 2014, at the Statehouse in Topeka, Kan. The House approved the legislation, 102-19, on Saturday, a day after the Senate passed it, 37-2. The measure goes next to Republican Gov. Sam Brownback. (AP Photo/John Hanna)
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Kansas legislators gave final approval Saturday to a bill that would nullify city and county gun restrictions and ensure that it's legal across the state to openly carry firearms, a measure the National Rifle Association sees as a nationwide model for stripping local officials of their gun-regulating power.
The House approved the legislation, 102-19, a day after the Senate passed it, 37-2. The measure goes next to Republican Gov. Sam Brownback. He hasn't said whether he'll sign it, but he's a strong supporter of gun rights and has signed other measures backed by the NRA and the Kansas State Rifle Association.
Kansas law doesn't expressly forbid the open carrying of firearms, and the attorney general's office has in the past told local officials that some restrictions are allowed. The Unified Government of Wyandotte County and Kansas City, Kan., has prohibited the practice, but the bill would sweep any such ban away, except to allow cities and counties to prevent openly carried weapons inside public buildings.
The measure also would prevent cities and counties from enacting restrictions on the sale of firearms and ammunition, or imposing rules on how guns must be stored and transported. Existing ordinances would be void, and local governments could not use tax dollars for gun buy-back programs.
Supporters say a patchwork of local regulations confuses gun owners and infringes upon gun ownership rights guaranteed by the state constitution and the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
"Do you know what the gun laws are where you live?" said Rep. Jim Howell, a Derby Republican and the bill's main sponsor. "If you want to exercise your Second Amendment rights, you'd better be very careful in Kansas."
Opponents of the bill in Kansas argued that local officials know best what policies are appropriate for their communities.
"We don't want the feds imposing their will on us. We shouldn't be doing that to the local jurisdictions," said Rep. Carolyn Bridges, a Wichita Democrat.
Both the National Rifle Association and the San Francisco-based Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence say 43 states, including Kansas, already significantly limit the ability of cities and counties to regulate firearms, though they vary widely in how far they go. But an NRA lobbyist said this week that this year's legislation in Kansas would make that state a model on the issue for gun rights supporters.
The center says California and Nebraska have narrow pre-emption laws that leave substantial power to local officials and five — Connecticut, Hawaii, Massachusetts, New Jersey and New York — don't expressly pre-empt local regulation.
Patricia Stoneking, president of the Kansas State Rifle Association, said she's already been approached by gun rights groups in other states about the legislation and predicts it will spread.
"This bill was comprehensive, and it covered every aspect of firearms," Stoneking said.
But Jonathan Lowry, director of the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence's efforts to defend gun control policies in court and oppose the lessening of existing regulations, called the Kansas measure "undemocratic."
"The gun lobby likes to prevent people who believe in sensible gun laws from having a say in protecting their own communities," Lowry said. "It's cynical, and it's dangerous public policy."
Kansas last year enacted a law to allow people with concealed-carry permits to bring their hidden weapons into public buildings — including libraries and community centers — after 2017 unless local officials post guards or set up metal detectors.
___
Online:
Information about the gun rights legislation: http://bit.ly/QPAC04
Kansas Legislature: http://www.kslegislature.org
___
Follow John Hanna on Twitter at https://twitter.com/apjdhanna
There was apparently much more to the story of Patrick Witt, the Yale quarterback who drew praise from all angles for choosing the big Harvard-Yale game over his Rhodes Scholarship interview. The New York Times punctured that myth today, reporting that Witt was dropped as a Rhodes candidate after the Rhodes Trust had learned that Witt was accused by a fellow student of sexual assault.
In September, a female student approached Yale's in-house Sexual Assault Harassment and Response and Education Center, claiming Witt had assaulted her in her dorm room. It's not clear how the Rhodes Trust became aware of the allegation, only that it was "not made formally by a Yale official." About a week before the Harvard game, the Rhodes Trust informed school administrators that Witt's candidacy was suspended, and Yale would have to re-endorse Witt if he were to participate in the final round of interviews in Atlanta. Before Yale returned with a decision, Witt released a statement through the athletic department that he was pulling out of the Rhodes process.
"I will be playing in the Yale-Harvard game this Saturday," it said. "I have withdrawn my application for the Rhodes scholarship." The quarterback did not tie the two sentences, but journalists did, reporting that he had given up on the scholarship so that he could play. Neither Witt nor Yale corrected the misimpression.
At Yale, the Collapse of a Rhodes Scholar Candidacy [NY Times]
The Tories could lose 20 seats (Picture: Getty Images)
Theresa May could lose her overall majority in the general election, a shock YouGov poll has predicted.
The survey of voters, commissioned by the Times, predicts that the Conservatives could fall short of winning an overall majority of seats on June 8.
In contrast to signs from a string of opinion polls that have suggested May's Conservatives will increase their majority, the new constituency-by-constituency modelling by YouGov showed it might lose 20 of the 330 seats it holds and the opposition Labour Party could gain nearly 30 seats, The Times said.
Shock YouGov election projection points to hung parliament with Conservatives losing 20 seats https://t.co/Cs7i05Tacg pic.twitter.com/6FPmxVLmhR — The Times of London (@thetimes) May 30, 2017
MORE: Jeremy Corbyn was on The One Show and he gave them a pot of jam
That could leave the Conservatives 16 seats short of the overall majority of 326 needed to govern without the support of other parties.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The poll has sent shockwaves in the financial markets, with the pound falling against the dollar in anticipation that the result may not be as clear-cut as initially thought.
ALERT: UK Pound falls sharply vs. Dollar after YouGov/Times poll shows Conservatives could lose 20 seats in election https://t.co/aAGp7ia8Pv pic.twitter.com/Izr2E4FUMT — CNBC (@CNBC) May 30, 2017
Sterling not happy about the Times/YouGov poll showing Tories losing majority #hungparliament pic.twitter.com/wFJ0ziO2RZ — Sean Callow (@seandcallow) May 30, 2017
READ MORE
Some of the compounds Los Alamos is studying are called “f-element metal nitrides,” and they combine nitrogen with one of the actinide or lanthanide metals that are found at the bottom of the periodic table. In the past, actinide nitrides have been notoriously difficult to create. However, using this technique, the team discovered that their new nitrogen-rich precursor materials (that contain a f-element metal and a large amount of nitrogen) burn in a controlled environment without oxygen. This burning creates a significant volume of high-purity f-element metal nitride “foam.” The high surface area and high purity of the material is of great interest to researchers. The team (which includes researchers from C, M, and T divisions) has recently used this technique to create uranium and thorium materials as well.
Neo-Nazi Site Daily Stormer Is Banned By Google After Attempted Move From GoDaddy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Screenshot by NPR Screenshot by NPR
Updated at 2:30 p.m. ET
After a purported hack and a 24-hour deadline to relocate its Web domain, the Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., moved its site to Google before its registration there was also refused.
"We are cancelling Daily Stormer's registration with Google Domains for violating our terms of service," a Google spokesperson told NPR on Monday.
Shortly after we received that message, the Daily Stormer site began to go offline at least intermittently, displaying the message, "We're having an outage. it'll be a minute."
The moves come after GoDaddy cut ties with the Daily Stormer late Sunday. The Web hosting service had received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories — particularly an article mocking Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester who was killed in Charlottesville, Va., this weekend.
After posting an article that claimed the site had been hacked — and that it was under threat of being deleted within 24 hours — the Daily Stormer's founder, Andrew Anglin, announced early Monday afternoon, "I've retaken control of the site."
A look at Web domain data for DailyStormer.com shows that it was registered through Google, in records that were updated on Monday.
GoDaddy had banned the site after receiving complaints from the public led by women's rights advocate Amy Siskind, who‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host the Daily Stormer — they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted her message, and the Web service replied late Sunday night: "We informed the Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
Anglin and the Daily Stormer were seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to have been involved.
In a page on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers said the site would be deleted — on the same timeframe set by GoDaddy. In a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story didn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it was published alongside other stories, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer was founded by Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and his site — the account states, "We find [the] claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing, noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be "sending our allies in Lagos to pay him a visit in person."
"LOL, this meme just won't end," one person wrote about the Lagos reference.
Anglin revisited the idea in his update, stating, "I want to thank the Nigerian government for their help."
Earlier this year, Anglin's website was linked to an office in Worthington, Ohio, the Columbus suburb where he went to high school. As Columbus Alive reported, "Anglin's current whereabouts remain unknown."
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over.
"Anglin you are a legend," one person wrote.
There are storms of the earth and storms of the heart. Walter Villa Toro knows this too well.
This is why the 30-year-old undocumented immigrant from Guatemala packed up his young family, boarded up their rental apartment in Lake Worth and sought shelter at Forest Hill High as Hurricane Irma loomed.
Villa Toro says he doesn't want to lose a family again. He left his hometown, Santa Cruz Barillas, and moved to Florida 12 years ago, with dreams of becoming a musician.
>>Hurricane Irma reporter's notebook: View from Forest Hill High shelter
“I haven't seen my parents or four siblings ever since I moved from Guatemala,” says Villa Toro, who mows lawns for a living. “My mom tells me to come back, to have the family together again, but I have goals in America.”
Hurricane Irma may be the unifying force for Villa Toro and the many who sought refuge at the storm shelter. But like other immigrants at this facility, with the cramped corridors and stinky bathrooms, it is American goals that thread their stories together.
For Maria Resendiz, a 45-year-old mother from Hidalgo, Mexico, the goals are not about possessions, but security.
“I'm not afraid to lose material things," says Resendiz, who arrived at the shelter with her husband and three children Friday morning. “I pray everyday for the safety of my family.”
There's another prayer as well. It is evident at lunchtime, when Resendiz intently reads from a book titled “Ciudadania Americana" (American Citizenship) between bites of applesauce and meat patty.
Maria Resendiz, a 45-year-old mother from Hidalgo, Mexico uses weathers Hurricane Irma at Forest Hill High School storm shelter by studying for the American Citizenship exam. (Julio Poletti/The Palm Beach Post)
Resendiz, who has worked for 10 years at a local cosmetics factory, is studying for her U.S. citizenship exam, which could be scheduled at any time now. She says she already knows most of the answers, though she's concerned about her accent and English pronunciations.
She must focus on such details because a critical matter depends on her passing the test. Her mother is dying of complications from diabetes in Mexico. Resendiz can't travel there without citizenship. If she does, she may not be able to return.
Other stories you may like:
>>Hurricane Irma: Live from the Palm Beach Central shelter
>>Scenes of sadness, sharing in a Boca Raton shelter
>>Fleeing Hurricane Irma: A special needs family, and a survivor of Katrina and Harvey
For fellow immigrant Noe Aguilar, the concerns are less about homeland and more about here and now. The 32-year-old Guatemalan man came to the shelter with his wife and four kids, whom he supports by doing lawn work.
On his mind as he chats with a Lake Worth neighbor outside the shelter: What to do with all this unexpected downtime.
"I wish I brought my soccer ball to kill time. I'm not used not doing anything an entire day.”
Meantime, Villa Toro uses the downtime to allow himself a glance back in time. He remembers a Guatemalan childhood so poor he would have to make his own swimming goggles with a piece of glass to fish underwater. He couldn't afford to fish gear, much less fresh fish from the market.
Walter Villa Toro, an undocumented immigrant shared his story by not his face while taking shelter from Hurricane Irma at Forest Hill High School on Friday, September 8, 2017. (Julio Poletti/The Palm Beach Post)
“I still remember the taste of fresh fish from the river,” he says.
That fish would be delicious now with tortillas and rice, he joked as he munched on a storm-shelter granola bar.
Truth be told, he says, he's worked hard here to scrape together the little that he has. If he loses everything due to Irma, it would take him a long time to get back on his feet and support his family here.
Still, he hangs on tightly to his dreams.
Villa Toro says he is saving to buy a piano. He hopes to return to Guatemala one day and play music for his mother.
Things to know:
>>Hurricane Irma: Get the latest news and information on the storm
>>Download the Palm Beach Post WeatherPlus app here
>>Follow The Post's weather reporter Kimberly Miller on Twitter, @kmillerweather, for Hurricane Irma coverage.
The Palm Beach Post is partnering with Mundo Hispanico to bring you Hispanic news from South Florida. For the latest news from Mundo Hispánico click here."
In a brilliant piece of marketing to build up anticipation for the release of their upcoming game EA Sports has started to reveal player rankings for NHL 17.
The latest release comes in the form of a top 10 goaltender ranking, and perhaps surprisingly the Montreal Canadiens Carey Price has claimed the number one spot on the roster despite missing a huge part of the last season due to injury. Joining Price at number one will be Los Angeles goaltender Joanthan Quick.,
It could be argued that the way the Canadiens played during his absence is an indication of just how good Carey Price truly is and as a result he's deserving of the number one spot.
Here's the full top 10:
1. Carey Price - 93 overall
1. Jonathan Quick - 93 overall
3. Braden Holtby - 92 overall
3. Henrik Lundqvist - 92 overall
5. Cory Schneider - 91 overall
5. Pekka Rinne - 91 overall
7. Corey Crawford - 90 overall
7. Marc-André Fleury - 90 overall
9. Tuukka Rask - 89 overall
9. Ben Bishop - 89 overall
Hall of Shadows (Rogue Class Hall) Has Been Re-done and is AMAZING! (Legion Alpha)
Hi everyone, we previously looked at the Hall of Shadows in December, near the beginning of the Legion Alpha. Despite the changes that had been made, many still complained it felt too unimpressive and too much like a sewer to be a proper class hall. I didn't mind it too much, liking the not-so-subtle nods to the Thieves' Guild in Skyrim, but what Blizzard has done to the rogue class hall in this latest alpha build blows the original out of the water. I may be heavily biased, as I have main'ed a rogue since I first started playing, but the Hall of Shadows is now my favorite order hall in Legion.
See what's changed after the jump!
Previously, the Hall of Shadows' entrance was the former Underbelly entrance on the side of the Violet Citadel. In this build, the gate has been removed and the entrance once more leads into the available for all players Underbelly sewers.
Now, rogue players are directed to the store “Glorious Goods” on the opposite side of the city.
After whispering a password to the store's owner, that hopefully-just-a-glitch-that-it's-so-conspicuous bookcase reveals the new entrance the Hall.
The main hallway is now decked-out in shadowy decor, filled with vendors offering ill-gotten goods, and cameos by oodles of notable NPCs. Of special note is Elling Trias, SI:7 operative and cheese vendor who famously predicted that Deathwing would return and attack Stormwind… all the way back in Vanilla WoW.
The arena area has been fleshed out as well. Now almost every rogue class trainer from the game can be found here, spectating or participating in duels between each other. Lonika Stillblade, proprietor of the ill-fated rogue academy from The Burning Crusade and hater of maces, is here too.
However, in the corner lies a far more interesting area with potentially massive lore implications. Past the arena lies an area where the Uncrowned produce and test their poisons. An area overseen by none other than Master Apothecary Faranell and his assistant Apothecary Keever. Despite claiming innocence and being spared the Kor'kron's wrath, Faranell and Keever were noted in Arthas: Rise of the Lich King to be the ones who created the plague Grand Apothecary Putress used at the Wrathgate. While in the novel Sylvannas does warn him that said plague should not “fall into the wrong hands,” now that we know Faranell and Keever are part of the Uncrowned, which have been set up in Legion as Warcraft's version of the Illuminati… I can't help but see “Wrathgate was an inside job,” becoming a meme at the very least.
UPDATE: Foolishly, I didn't check to see if Faranell had any unique on-click dialogue. According to WoWhead, he does: “When that brute Kraggosh and his overseers moved into the Undercity, we were forced to do our real work in secret. Surely you can see how such an arrangement inevitably led me here.” Very interesting…
The Treasure Vault has been updated as well. The heavily critized piles of low resolution gold have been supplemented with all manner of new treasures from throughout the world. The rogue artifact forge has also been given a unique model, instead of being a duplicate of the mage's. Instead of Noggenfogger having stolen the mage forge, this new forge's backstory is that it was built to contain magical toxins gathered from a remote island in the South Seas, and inject them into your weapon.
The famous sewer tunnel leading to a fall straight out of Dalaran has been updated as well. It is now its own subzone, the “Tunnel of Woe,” and traversing it to the end leads to another subzone called “The Plank,” the name being sefl-explanatory.
It does provide an incredible view, though!
Last but not least, the meeting hall where the leaders of the Uncrowned can be found has been altered. Aside from using more of the new art assets from the rest of the Hall, the Uncrowned leadership's members have changed. Instead of Garona Halforcen, the Uncrowned are now lead by Lord Jorach Ravenholdt (a concession to the #RavenholdtOrRiot group perhaps?). The mysterious Shattered Hand orc “The Hood” is gone entirely, along with all NPCs bearing the name “Shattered Hand” from the order hall. Garona has taken his seat. Mathias Shaw, head of SI:7 is also gone from the council, but no one has replaced him, his chair to the left of Lord Ravenholdt just remains empty (a second empty chair at the far end of the table from Ravenholdt becomes the player's after obtaining their artifact). The last new addition/change to the Uncrowned's leadership is Princess Tess Greymane.
Update: The rogue artifact questline has been changed as well, and several details are now different. The player now takes the chair next to Jorach were Mathias Shaw was, leaving their old chair on the far end of the table still unoccupied. Vanessa VanCleef is absent entirely from the quest line, no longer becoming the rogue player's first follower. It is possible this means Vanessa has been cut from Legion and her surviving the fight in the Deadmines is no longer canon.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Tel Aviv University researchers have discovered that sponges called Theonella swinhoei living in the Red Sea and the Indo-Pacific Ocean have the curious ability to encapsulate and neutralize the toxin arsenic from the environment.
Arsenic is the leading freshwater contaminant in the world, affecting millions of people worldwide and causing an untold number of deaths every year.
Removing arsenic from groundwater and freshwater is a major challenge facing scientists and policymakers.Prof. Micha Ilan of TAU's zoology department, who led the study, has just published the team's unique biological model of arsenic detoxification in the journal Nature Communications.The researchers found that the Entotheonella bacterium that inhabits the sponge is one of the only known cases of a bacterium protecting its host from metal poisoning. It safeguards these sponges against the dangers of arsenic as well as another common toxin, barium.“This particular sponge species, which is among the most ancient animals inhabiting the earth today, is home to a very diverse, very crowded number of microorganisms,” said Ilan. “These sedentary animals evolved to contain an in-house arsenal of chemicals and associated microbiota to deal with predators and pathologies.”While studying the biology of the sponge, Ilan and his colleague Dr. Boaz Mayzel discovered and published in 2014 the curious ability of these sponges to accumulate and concentrate a million times more arsenic than that found in seawater.Dr. Ray Keren, also of TAU's zoology department and co-author of the new research with Mayzel, suspected a bacterium was involved in the detoxification. After extensive testing, a single bacterial species was found to drive the accumulation of both arsenic and barium.“We have discovered not only that a single bacterial species was the accumulator of both arsenic and barium. We have also found that this bacterium mineralizes the toxic elements, transforming them into inert products within its cells in a controlled manner,” said Keren.“Sponges are eaten by turtles and worms, and even though they are exploding with arsenic, the bacteria renders them non-toxic. They become biologically inert. It is a very unique biological model.”The TAU scientists, in collaboration with Prof. Boaz Pokroy of the Technion Institute of Science and Dr. Sirine Fakra of the Advanced Light Source in the Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, harnessed cutting-edge technology to validate their initial findings, which were procured using the backscatter mode of a scanning electron microscope.“Pokroy took a sample of the sponge to the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility within a week of seeing that first image,” Keren recalled. “There, he saw that barium is mineralized as barite and arsenic formed smaller peaks of an unknown mineral.”Subsequent diffraction analysis revealed that the mineral, crystalline arsenic, was, in fact, calcium arsenate. Fakra then validated the presence of these minerals under subfreezing cryogenic conditions.“To render this unique detox method applicable to other situations, we need to somehow get rid of the sponge,” said Ilan. “In other words, there is a lot more work to be done before we, human beings, can capitalize on this.”Few animals can match the humble hydra's resilience.The small, tentacled freshwater animals can be literally shredded into pieces and regrow into healthy animals. A study published recently in Cell Reports suggests that pieces of hydras have structural memory that helps them shape their new body plan according to the pattern inherited by the animal's “skeleton.” Previously, scientists thought that only chemical signals told a hydra where its heads and/or feet should form.Regenerating hydras use a network of tough, stringy protein fibers, called the cytoskeleton, to align their cells.When pieces are cut or torn from them, the cytoskeletal pattern survives and becomes part of the new animal. The pattern generates a small but potent amount of mechanical force that shows cells where to line up. This mechanical force can serve as a form of “memory” that stores information about the layout of animal bodies.“You have to think of it as part of the process of defining the pattern and not just an outcome,” explained senior author and biophysicist Kinneret Keren of the Technion- Israel Institute of Technology in Haifa.When pieces of hydra begin the regeneration process, the scraps of hydra fold into little balls, and the cytoskeleton has to find a balance between maintaining its old shape and adapting to the new conditions.“If you take a strip or a square fragment and turn it into a sphere, the fibers have to change or stretch a lot to do that,” said Keren. But some portions retain their pattern. As the little hydra tissue ball stretches into a tube and grows a tentacle-ringed mouth, the new body parts follow the template set by the cytoskeleton in fragments from the original hydra.The main cytoskeletal structure in adult hydra is an array of aligned fibers that span the entire organism. Tampering with the cytoskeleton is enough to disrupt the formation of new hydras, the researchers found. In many ways, the cytoskeleton is like a system of taut wires that helps the hydra keep its shape and function.In one experiment, the researchers cut the original hydra into rings that folded into balls that contained multiple domains of aligned fibers. Those ring-shaped pieces grew into two-headed hydras. However, anchoring the hydra rings to stiff wires resulted in healthy one-headed hydras, suggesting that mechanical feedbacks promote order in the developing animal.Hydras are much simpler than most of their cousins in the animal kingdom, but the basic pattern of aligned cytoskeletal fibers is common in many organs, including human muscles, heart and guts. Studying hydra regeneration may lead to a better understanding of how mechanics integrate with biochemical signals to shape tissues and organs in other species.“The actomyosin cytoskeleton are the main force generator across the animal kingdom,” says Keren. “This is very universal.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu speaks during a press conference on May 12, 2015 in Antalya on the eve of meetings of NATO Ministers of Foreign Affairs (AFP Photo/Ozan Kose)
Antalya (Turkey) (AFP) - Turkey on Tuesday called for determined action from NATO member states against the "significant" threat posed by Islamic State jihadists who have taken swathes of Iraq and Syria up to its borders.
Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said in Antalya that the threat from IS to the south of the NATO alliance's borders would be a key issue when its top diplomats hold a two-day meeting from Wednesday in the southern resort city.
He praised a plan -- still yet to be realised -- for moderate Syrian opposition to be trained and equipped on Turkish territory in cooperation with the United States but said more was needed.
"This will be effective but this will not be enough on its own and we have to take further steps," he told a news conference ahead of the meeting, adding that measures like air strikes were also not sufficient alone.
"In order to eradicate terrorism we need to deal with the grassroots of terrorism," he added, without elaborating further on the nature of the steps required.
Turkey has in the past called for the creation of a security zone inside Syria to protect its borders. But the idea has received just lukewarm support from its Western allies.
Turkey, the sole Muslim majority member of NATO, has been criticised for itself not taking harder steps against IS with some commentators even questioning its future in the alliance.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has always insisted the exit of President Bashar al-Assad is the key to peace in Syria.
But Cavusoglu insisted that Ankara was deeply troubled by IS, noting that the militants controlled border posts on Syria on the Turkish frontier.
"Turkey is the only member of the alliance to have borders with Daish," he said, using an Arabic origin and pejorative term for the group.
"Daish on our borders is not a sustainable situation. It poses a significant threat to us.
"It (the group) is a neighbour to Turkey," he added.
Cavusoglu pointed to foreign fighters from "90 different countries" who have tried to come to Turkey in transit on their way to join IS in Syria.
"Once they enter our country, it becomes very difficult to control our borders. We have to rid the region of terrorism. For this we need determined policies."
He batted off criticism that Turkey was not doing enough to halt the flow of foreign militants, saying that 1,300 had already been deported from the country during the Syria conflict.
Have the media stopped feeling “the Bern”? Or has the Democratic Party, which should probably be renamed the Clintoncratic National Committee, extinguished the fire?
It's both.
Sen. Bernie Sanders deserves far more attention than he's getting. The 74-year-old frowzy-haired Democratic Socialist from Brooklyn by way of Vermont raised $33 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. That's just $4 million less than Hillary Clinton.
People vote with dollars, as any tearful hater of money in politics will tell you. When it comes to Sanders, lots of folks throw in small amounts of cash. So when he raises $33 million in three months, it means a lot of people care.
Beyond the fundraising, poll numbers in early primary states justify a much brighter spotlight on Sanders than the media shine.
According to the Real Clear Politics poll average, Clinton is beating Sanders by 50 percent to 37 percent in Iowa. But he's investing huge resources there, and in caucuses, it's passion that brings people out. Clinton inspires passion among more Republicans than supporters.
And Sanders is beating Clinton in New Hampshire, 49-45. New Hampshire borders Vermont and residents know Sanders. But the states are political opposites, so his support there is not without meaning.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
So why have the media not maintained a focus on Sanders? I think it's partly because he's been consistent in his beliefs for four decades in political life and in his appearances on the trail. That's commendable. It's even presidential. But the sixth story or column about Sanders' support for more and bigger social programs, much higher taxes on the rich, fewer wars, more environmental regulation, and health care and education for all is going to read a lot like the first. Even yesterday's announcement that he would break up Wall Street was right in line with past proclamations.
With Donald Trump, on the other hand, you get constant shifts in topics. You never really know which ethnic group he's going to hammer, or what genital slang he's going to invent or which candidate or media member he's going to accuse of horrifying shortcomings. The other Republicans, too, are exciting in a sort of “Survivor: Iowa” way.
And the media never know exactly what Clinton is going to support, at least not until she's seen the morning polls. Whether it's an oil pipeline, a trade agreement, attacks on other nations or big contributions from Wall Street, she's willing to be for or against. The slogan would best read: “Hillary: She believes what you believe . . . today.”
And she and her husband are exerting extraordinary control over the party. That's why the Democrats are having so few debates, and at such odd times. They don't want Sanders to publicize the fact that he plans to fight for all the stuff Democratic voters have wanted since the 1960s, and Clinton, thanks to “pragmatism,” won't.
I'm not a Democrat. Much of what Sanders believes hurts my head. But I love him on liberties and peace and justice, and I admire his consistency.
Sanders is a U.S. senator raising tons of money, competing strongly in Iowa, leading in New Hampshire, gaining ground in South Carolina.
He is being stymied by a shallow media take on the Democrats and a party establishment fully committed to a candidate, in Clinton, who would likely be a decent manager of the nation but has huge likability problems and no identifiable moral center.
Clinton's attempt to control the process is understandable. But the party's willingness to go along is foolish. And the media's complicity is shameful.
Lane Filler is a member of Newsday's editorial board.
Gathering Requirements
Every stage in the Design Thinking model involves an element of learning. During the discovery stage, designers need to learn tentative answers to the following:
What's the problem?
Who has the problem?
How can the problem be simplified to its most basic elements?
What's been done already?
What needs to be redone or improved?
What are the most pressing concerns?
What are the constraints?
Where applicable, it's also good to tack on a “why” to the ends of these questions. The “why” helps you figure out what problems really need solving and where you the designer can make the greatest impact.
“Requirements are assumptions.” ~ Jeffery Gothelf, Lean UX
A good thing to keep in mind when gathering requirements is that without hard evidence (which is often the case early on in a project), requirements are really whatever you believe them to be. Even with hard evidence, assumptions are still interpretations that could very well be wrong in light of what you have yet to learn. Beliefs are based on assumptions. Shaping your beliefs to fit a pre-existing product idea can be tempting, but it can also lead to solving problems that don't exist.
Instead of setting yourself on an unalterable trajectory toward a single solution, first try to figure out if you're asking the right questions. Instead of asking “How do we build a bridge?” ask “How do we get across the river?” That's where understanding the “why” and knowledge of your customer comes in. Sometimes, it might be appropriate to build a bridge, but if you don't have to build a bridge, don't build one! Do something else. Maybe pull an Oregon Trail, caulk the wagon, and float that baby across!
No Problem? No problem!
After you take on a few projects, you'll start to see that the relationships between the product you're building and the problems you're trying to solve can be a little opaque. That's fine. In 2003, no one had any concept of the awesome power of a “like” button. If you can't quite articulate the connection between a problem and a solution, it doesn't mean you should abandon the idea. These ideas come from real places of need, often at the sub-conscious level. The more you understand about the landscape of those places, the closer you'll find yourself to the best solutions.
In Hooked: How to Build Habit Forming Products, author Nir Eyal talks about how there are two kinds of products in this world: “vitamins” and “painkillers.” Vitamins represent solutions for non-urgent problems. They're nice to haves, they improve something (supposedly), but the world would most likely go on just fine without them. Half of the items you might find in Brookstone or the Sharper Image could fall into this category. Painkillers, however, solve more urgent problems. It's easy to confuse the two, but they can be distinguished by the emotions they incite and the impact they have on the market.
When you're building a new product or market with no real precedent to guide you, figuring out if the thing you're designing is a vitamin or a painkiller can be tricky. If this is the case, ask yourself how the problem is currently solved and what the outcome is like. Even if your solution is more efficient than what's currently out there, if the outcome is the same, odds are your product will fall into the same category. From a business perspective, it makes sense for stakeholders to prefer painkillers because people are more dependent upon them, which makes them easier to sell.
On the other hand, every once in a while rare vitamin comes along and changes the course of history. How does this happen?
“Over time vitamins can become painkillers.” ~ Nir Eyal
It's good to remember that when you're dealing with vitamins, the problems they're associated with might not exist… or might not exist yet. A product designed with the foresight of changing market conditions will undoubtedly have better odds of transforming from a vitamin to a painkiller, which is all the more reason you should always keep a close relationship with your user base.
Conversely, a good strategy you can use to curb your product toward the path of the painkiller is to work habit forming mechanics into the foundation of the user experience:
Image Credit: Hooked Canvas, Nir Eyal
Trigger: The event, often an emotion or external event that compels someone to use a product. Ex. hunger, commercial for Wendy's.
Action: The event one engages in order to satisfy the trigger: Ex. checking FB satisfies need for social interaction; checking Google satisfies curiosity, etc.
Reward: The emotion or event that happens as a result of the action: Ex. the surge of pleasure you feel when someone you're attracted to “likes” your FB post; the instant gratification you feel when Uber pulls up within seconds of your ride request (and of course the actual ride home). The more variability a reward may have the more valuable the reward will appear to be.
Investment: What users give for the promise of a future reward. This loads the trigger for the next cycle through the hooked loop. It also increases the value of the product. The more you invest, the better the payoff (ideally). Ex. producing the content for a FB post, which you will check for likes next time you login.
When gathering requirements keep a close eye on the interplay between the product's user experience and these four components. If these components enhance the user experience, the product likely has the potential to be a painkiller. If you're uncovering risky assumptions left and right, check them against the hooked loop. You might just discover some new habits waiting to be born. Eg. the entire casual gaming industry.
Whatever you do, don't force the hooked loop into your UX. Many have tried. Many have died! :)
Cross Posted from Its Getting Hot In Here
Rising Tide Vancouver Coast Salish Territories opposes the recent attacks on the people of Gaza and the ongoing military occupation of Palestinian Territories.
Rising Tide has been working with Indigenous peoples on Turtle Island, opposing land grabs and resource exploitation by industries and state sanctioned institutions. One of those institutions has been, and continues to be, imperial militaries which destroy communities, the environment, and the climate.
We reject the Israeli military's attacks on the Palestinian people in Gaza, and the worldwide state powers which respond with complacency. We reject the state powers which support the Israeli military with monetary contributions and weapons such as drones and missiles. We reject Canada's negotiating with Israel for the sake of trade and further development of energy resources. As many regions of the world have tar sands resources, including the occupied Palestinian territories, we extend our solidarity with all who are impacted by resource extraction processes, and encroachments on their sovereignty and self-determination.
We reject the mainstream media's coverage (and lack of coverage) of what is happening and the demonizing of the Palestinian people as terrorists. We reject the Western mainstream media's ongoing failure to cover the struggle of the Palestinian people as a struggle for freedom and self-determination.
In the movement for environmental and climate justice, we stand with those fighting war and occupation. Militaries exploit land and natural resources to fuel their violent control and power over others. Canada exports 2 million barrels of oil per day to the USA and the US Department of Defense is the world's largest consumer of oil. Both Harper and Obama have been contributing to the Israeli military's occupation financially and politically. We will not stay silent as the state and corporations contribute to attacks on communities both here and abroad.
To add fuel to the fire, literally, the unfettered burning of fossil fuels by Israeli and other militaries to wage war and violence on communities is exacerbating climate change and the impacts of droughts, extreme weather events, flooding, and sea level rise. This will lead to an increase in forced displacement and the number of climate refugees hoping to seek access to food, water, and homes elsewhere.
We recognize that the struggle to protect the land, water, and air from colonization, capitalism, and imperialism is a struggle that the people of Gaza face every day. We extend our voices of solidarity to the people of Gaza who are facing unacceptable escalation of violence as they struggle to end the illegal occupation of their land.
Advertisements
Ms Gillard, who replaced Kevin Rudd as leader of the country in a dramatic political coup last week, said she had been brought up in a Baptist family, but had "made decisions in my adult life about my own views".
"I'm not going to pretend a faith I don't feel," she said. Ms Gillard's views on religion are in stark contrast to those of Mr Rudd, who was a regular at Canberra church services, and those of her rival, Tony Abbott, who once trained as a priest and is known as a devout Catholic.
Since taking over from Mr Rudd and becoming the country's first female prime minister, Ms Gillard has presided over a lift in the polls for the Labour government.
It has since been rumoured that Ms Gillard may consider calling an election within the next two months to capitalise on her early popularity.
Metrics are great. They can give you situational awareness about what's going on in your community, help you identify issues that you need to fix, and prove the effectiveness (or lack thereof) of community initiatives. But sometimes things go wrong.
Good metrics should lead to action, but sometimes, if you're not careful, you can end up with results you didn't intend. The very act of measuring something, and communicating that measurement, creates an incentive in the community. And sometimes the incentives you create do not match the behavior you want to encourage. (This is called The Cobra Effect.)
Destructive Incentives
In April 1902, after the French had renovated Hanoi to install a modern sewer, the city was overrun with rats. The French Governor General of Indochina, Paul Doumer, instituted a "deratisation" scheme using local city workers, who were paid for each rat they captured. In the first week, they captured more than 8,000 rats. By the third week, more than 4,000 rats per day were being killed. By mid-July, up to 20,000 rats per day were being captured. But they barely made a dent in the problem.
In July, the government decided to widen the net and offer a reward to the citizens of Hanoi who offered proof that they had killed rats. To avoid a pile of rodent corpses building up outside the colonial government buildings, the proof requested for payment was just the rat's tail.
Immediately, two phenomena were observed: tailless rats started appearing, and a thriving rat farming industry emerged in the city. (Read the PDF "Of Rats, Rice, and Race: The Great Hanoi Rat Massacre, an Episode in French Colonial History" for more on this story.)
There is a possibly apocryphal story about an insurance company's call center manager who noticed that, although customer satisfaction rates were high, some customers had to wait for several minutes to get a human on the line. His idea was to put a display in the call center showing the wait time of the person who had been waiting the longest, dynamically updating all the time, so that everyone was aware that someone was waiting. He also evangelized his desire to bring wait times down so that no-one would wait longer than three minutes for an answer.
The wait times came down, but at a cost. Call center attendants would hang up on customers whose problem had not yet been resolved, to prevent the wait time going over the three-minute mark. They reasoned that the person would call back and their problem would be solved regardless. Of course, this frustrating experience led to customer satisfaction ratings dropping down through the floor, and the counter was swiftly removed.
Both of these stories show that measuring something, and implicitly or explicitly setting expectations for a trend in the measurement, can sometimes have unintended consequences. And typically there are three ways that metrics can cause these unintended results.
1. Measuring the Wrong Thing
Like the French consulate who measured rat tails as a means of measuring the reduction in the rat population, we sometimes measure what is easy, rather than working to figure out whether that really correlates with the result we want to achieve.
In the late '90s, the key measurements that were used to measure batter skill were RBI (Runs Batted In) and batting average (how often a player got on base with a hit, divided by the number of at-bats). The Oakland A's were the first major league team to recruit based on a different measurement of player performance, on-base percentage. This measures how often they get to first base, regardless of how it happens.
It turns out that this correlates much better to what you want to produce in a baseball team, runs, rather than hitters. The league undervalued this measurement because a "walk" (where the player gets on base without hitting the ball) was commonly seen as a pitcher error rather than a batter success, but some players ended up having many more walks than others.
By looking at the results they wanted, and measuring the right thing, the Oakland A's got an edge over the competition, which allowed them to have a period of success relative to teams with much bigger budgets, winning the American League West three out of four years between 2000 and 2003.
2. Myopia
The other way metrics can go wrong is when the measurements concentrate on part of a system, but don't consider effects on the rest of the system. An actor optimizing for his measurements may actually be doing harm overall.
One example (without names, to protect the innocent) involved the marketing team of a company focusing on new sign-ups to their online service. They designed a marketing campaign in which new customers would get some free credit for the system and some goodies at a conference upon signing up.
The campaign was a great success, and soon the system had thousands of inactive accounts, with a balance sitting at $9.99. The CFO was unhappy because he had to carry this on the books, and the CEO was unhappy because the metrics he cared about, whether people stayed active on the service after 30 or 60 days, were terrible. Whether people wanted or needed the service did not enter into the calculations of the marketing project.
In one open source project (on which I was a release manager), the main metric I cared about was the bugs open against a milestone. As time went on, and the number was not going down fast enough, we regularly would bump bugs to the next milestone, not because they were not important issues, but because we knew that they would not be fixed by the date we had set ourselves. Having participated in a number of projects, I have a pretty good idea that this is a universal tendency as release approaches.
3. Drawing the Wrong Conclusions
The third way things can go wrong is when you are measuring the right thing, but you draw the wrong conclusions from the data.
One set of metrics that is important is how many bugs are open against your project, and the rate at which they are being created. In one project I worked on, some people were concerned about a recent spike in the number of bug reports coming in because it seemed like the project must have serious quality issues to resolve; however, when we looked at the numbers, it turned out that many of the bugs were coming in because a large company had recently started using the project. The increase in bug reports was actually a proxy for a big influx of new users, which was a good thing.
Similarly, messages on mailing lists is something we generally want to see going up and to the right. More email means more members, right? Except when spikes are caused by community outrage at a recent controversial decision, or are the result of a massive and destructive flame war between two or three individuals. By looking only at the trends, you miss the richness of what is happening underneath, and run the risk of missing an opportunity to improve.
Final Advice
So should we stop measuring things in our communities? Absolutely not.
We do, however, need to be discerning about what we measure, and how we communicate those measurements. Because metrics create incentives whether we like it or not, ensure that your measurements are creating virtuous incentives that encourage good behavior.
Also, constantly draw the metrics you use back to the overall goals of your project. Am I growing the user base, and helping those users to be happy? Am I helping the bottom line? By creating the link between primary and secondary metrics, you help mitigate myopia.
Finally, include both quantitative and qualitative analysis in your metrics reports, to ensure that trends are understood in their context.
Metrics are an awesome tool to help you identify your weaknesses, evaluate progress, and trumpet your successes. Just remember that you will get what you measure.
(This post is derived from a presentation I gave at the inaugural FLOSS Community Metrics Meeting on the topic "What you measure is what you get. Stories of metrics gone wrong." You can find the slides on SlideShare.)
CTV Kitchener
Waterloo Regional Police say a sheep was shot and killed Thursday afternoon in Cambridge's south end.
Shortly before 2 p.m., police received a report of someone seeing a vehicle stop and fire a gun at sheep in a field at the side of West River Road.
It was David Shoemaker, who works on the farm where the incident happened, who called police.
"I saw a lamb trying to get up and it was crying, so I hopped the fence," he tells CTV.
"I realized that it had been shot right through. There was a car that had just gone down the road."
Officers arrived at the scene and found a sheep dead from an apparent gunshot wound.
A search of the area did not turn up any suspects.
Microsoft today announced the next major update of Windows 10 at its Build developer conference in San Francisco. The “Windows 10 Anniversary Update” is scheduled to arrive — you guessed it — on the one-year anniversary of the Windows 10 launch: later this summer. Windows 10 launched on July 29, so that's probably the date.
Many of the new feature will, of course, roll out to Windows Insiders ahead of the launch date. Indeed, most of them will start rolling out today. The update, just like preview ones, will be available for free and will come to all Windows devices, including Xbox One and HoloLens.
Microsoft says it will offer new features for its Hello login feature, improved pen support, an improved Cortana, and more.
Because Microsoft has switched to regular updates, these major point updates feel almost like an anachronism. But there is still some value in having these major releases on at least an annual schedule so both developers and users can get up to speed with where their operating system is going.
Published: 16/06/2015
X-Rays produced from the Linac Coherent Light Source were used to study the ultrafast response of DNA when exposed to UV light. Under normal assumption, we would expect high energy photons to ionize DNA which causes it to react chemically resulting in malfunctioning DNA products. The researchers found mechanisms within thymine that are able to absorb UV-light and even X-Ray light, then dissipate the energy as heat and preventing undesired cheminal reactions.
For DNA to resist UV radiation, it must instead dissipate as heat the energy it receives from UV light, rather than by reacting chemically. The researcher have found, by using an ultrafast x-ray pulse, that an innermost electron of the thymine molecule is stripped away under X-ray light. This results in an unstable electronic cloud around the atom. The researcher observed Auger radiation effects which implies that an outer electron tickles down to the core to fill in the gap, resulting in heat and preventing chemical reactions from ionization.
The tools developed for this technique could help many other fields in biology or molecular chemistry.
a). Illustration of the photoexcited molecular state. b) mechanism of heat dissipation in DNA resulting from the absorption of UV light.
Original article (pay wall) : http://www.nature.com/ncomms/2014/140623/ncomms5235/full/ncomms5235.html#figures
California's first West Nile virus-positive mosquitoes of the year were found in the San Fernando Valley, vector control officials announced Monday.
The sample of infected mosquitoes was collected in a trap in Sun Valley, according to the Greater Los Angeles County Vector Control District.
Although mostly associated with summer months, mosquito season can start earlier, said Kelly Middleton, spokeswoman for the GLACVCD. Last year, California's first West Nile virus positive mosquito sample was found in Sylmar in March.
“It's great that the public is informed about Zika,” added Levy Sun, also a spokesman for the district. “But we can't forget that, every year, West Nile virus is a more serious threat to Southern Californian families.”
Although the Zika virus has garnered more attention, 53 people died in California last year as a result of contracting West Nile virus, setting a state record. That's the most since the California Department of Public Health began recording cases in 2003, and the most in any U.S. state.
West Nile virus is spread to humans by the bite of an infected mosquito. Infection occurs between mosquitoes and birds. In rare cases, a person can be become ill through a blood transfusion.
Most people infected with the virus do not become seriously ill, but some experience flu-like symptoms and about 1 percent of them can develop serious neurologic illness. People who are 50 and older or who have pre-existing medical conditions such as diabetes or high blood pressure have the greatest risk of developing complications.
Californians are urged to take precautions during warm temperatures by remembering the three D's:
• DEET: Use it as insect repellent.
• Dawn and dusk: Mosquitoes bite in the early morning and evening.
• Drain: Eliminate all sources of standing water on your property, because that's where mosquitoes breed.
.@united's PR Adventures in Wonderland: now Simon the rabbit "expected to grow to be world's biggest" dies in-flight https://t.co/mB1iRslAV5 pic.twitter.com/FH5NhNOWbE — Mahfuz Sadique (@MahfuzSadique) April 26, 2017
United Airlines 'saddened' after Simon the giant rabbit dies on flight to US BelfastTelegraph.co.uk United Airlines is investigating after reports a giant rabbit died on one of its transatlantic flights. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/united-airlines-saddened-after-simon-the-giant-rabbit-dies-on-flight-to-us-35655186.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article35655185.ece/43be0/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-8e649250-80a7-4537-b1e3-280a85003583_I1.jpg
Email
United Airlines is investigating after reports a giant rabbit died on one of its transatlantic flights.
Three-foot Simon, a continental giant rabbit aged 10 months, was said to have been travelling from Heathrow to O'Hare in Chicago after being bought by a celebrity owner in the United States.
Breeder Annette Edwards, from Worcestershire, told The Sun that Simon was expected to grow to be the world's biggest rabbit after his father Darius grew to 4ft 4in (1.32m).
She told the paper: "Something very strange has happened and I want to know what. I've sent rabbits all around the world and nothing like this has happened before.
"The client who bought Simon is very famous. He's upset."
The breed costs £5,000 a year to keep, the paper said.
A United spokeswoman said: "We were saddened to hear this news. The safety and wellbeing of all the animals that travel with us is of the utmost importance to United Airlines and our PetSafe team.
"We have been in contact with our customer and have offered assistance. We are reviewing this matter."
It comes less than three weeks after a video showing passenger David Dao being dragged off a United Express flight sparked widespread outrage.
Dr Dao, a 69-year-old from Kentucky, was seen with a bloodied face after being forcibly taken off the plane by Chicago airport officers who had been summoned by United employees when he would not give up his seat.
Speaking after the incident, on April 9, United chief executive Oscar Munoz said: "The truly horrific event that occurred on this flight has elicited many responses from all of us: outrage, anger, disappointment.
"I share all of those sentiments, and one above all: my deepest apologies for what happened.
"Like you, I continue to be disturbed by what happened on this flight and I deeply apologise to the customer forcibly removed and to all the customers aboard. No one should ever be mistreated this way."
The most recent figures from the US Department of Transportation - dating from 2015 but released this February - show 35 animal deaths occurred during transit across 17 carriers in the States.
United accounted for 14 animal deaths in that period with a further nine reported injured among the nearly 100,000 animals carried by the company.
Polls show that Donald Trump is drawing approximately the same level of support from Republican voters as Hillary Clinton is drawing from Democrats. But that isn't stopping Reince Priebus from going on the warpath against dissenting Republicans who refuse to get behind Trump. Yesterday, Priebus said, “Those people need to get on board. And if they're thinking they're going to run again someday, I think that we're going to evaluate that process – of the nomination process and I don't think it's going to be that easy for them.”
He expanded on his plan: “People in our party are talking about what we're going to do about this. I mean, there's a ballot access issue in South Carolina. In order to be on the ballot in South Carolina, you actually have to pledge your support to the nominee, no matter who that person is. So what's the penalty for that? It's not a threat, but that's just a question that we have a process in place.”
So Reince has found a spine to stand up against those who wouldn't pledge to support the nominee.
A brief piece of history is in order here. In the very first Republican debate, Trump was the only candidate not to pledge to support the eventual nominee (he was right, I argued at the time – pledges to unspecified candidates are idiotic). In March, he said he wouldn't support Ted Cruz or John Kasich. For all of this, Trump was barred from zero primaries and deprived of zero delegates, even though the nasty specter of a Trump third party run loomed over the proceedings for months.
Suddenly, though, Reince says that pledges matter.
How convenient.
But remember, folks, Trump is anti-establishment, and the only people who won't support him at this point are establishment cucks. The head of the RNC, the Speaker of the House, and the Senate Majority Leader are the leaders of this broad anti-establishment movement.
This is political suicide for the Republican Party: demanding that everyone lash themselves to the Trump mast, no matter the storms of idiocy to which Trump subjects the Republican ship. Reince did not penalize Trump for ripping Mexican judges and war heroes; he didn't say anything of impact when Trump insulted a fellow candidate's wife. But now we all must line up behind Trump.
Good.
There will be a backlash to this sort of high-handed garbage from the RNC. Priebus is creating yet another backlash to the establishment, and that means the anti-establishment – the real, conservative anti-establishment – will have the moral high ground no matter what happens next.
Bloemfontein – University of the Free State vice chancellor, Professor Jonathan Jansen, said on Tuesday that he has received death threats, and was also accused of putting the interests of certain racial groups first.
"I have been accused of putting black student's interests above the white students, and I am also accused of putting white student's interests above blacks. It is all lies, and I think it is the kind of thing people say to unsettle you," he told News24.
Earlier on Tuesday, SRC president, Lindokuhle Ntuli, told News24 that Jansen sat at the Shimla Park Stadium in Bloemfontein on Monday night and watched as a group of protesters is beaten.
A Varsity Cup match between the UFS and Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University (NMMU) was disrupted when protesters and students swarmed onto the field and took each other on in a massive brawl.
The protesters refused to leave the field and then clashed with fans before the police and university security defused the situation.
Protesters want to be heard
According to Ntuli, they went to disrupt the game in order to be heard.
“We won't stop until we are heard. Last night we were not armed and we did not go there to fight, but white parents and their children came in numbers and beat us, and to make matters worse, our vice chancellor sat there and watched his favourite white people beat us up,” he said.
However Jansen said he couldn't have done anything. "We just stood there and stared at each other, I have never in my life felt so terrified," said Jansen.
Meanwhile, Ntuli said a number of workers who were beaten were taken to hospital for medical attention.
Bongani Mazula, one of the protesters who was beaten up, said he had a bruised arm and swollen eye. "There were 50 people who were on top of me yesterday and our motive was not to fight,” he said.
Play resumed at 19:40, roughly an hour after the match was interrupted, with Shimlas going on to win 46-19.
China Kicks Out 'New York Times' Reporter
China has effectively expelled a reporter working for The New York Times by refusing to extend his media credentials, the newspaper said Monday.
The reporter, Chris Buckley, has been forced to leave China, New York Times Executive Editor Jill Abramson said in a statement.
The newspaper made repeated requests to renew the journalist visa for Buckley, an Australian citizen who recently left Reuters to work for the Times. He has been based in China since 2000, the newspaper said.
China recently blocked the Times' website after the newspaper ran a lengthy story on the wealth accumulated by family members of China's Premier Wen Jiabao. Buckley's byline did not appear on that story.
In May, Melissa Chan, an American working for the satellite channel Al-Jazeera, was also forced to leave China. This was believed to have been the first such case in 14 years.
All these cases are seen as signs of an increasingly hard-line stance by China toward the foreign media.
In a recent video address posted to Facebook earlier this evening, President-Elect Trump updated the American people on his agenda for his first 100 days in office. “My agenda will be based on a simple core principle: putting America first,” said Trump.
One of the lynchpins of his campaign was to renegotiate or withdraw from crony trade deals that benefit foreign countries more than our own. Among these was the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Trump said in the video, “On trade, I am going to issue a notification of intent to withdraw from the Trans Pacific Partnership, a potential disaster for our country. Instead, we will negotiate fair, bilateral trade deals that bring jobs and industry back onto American shores.”
Perhaps the most exciting part of his agenda is his plan to slash regulations. “On regulation, I will formulate a rule which says that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated. So important.”
Watch the video below, and click here to check out the rest of his Trump's plans for his first 100 days in office
Image source: http://periodicocorreo.com.mx/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/donald-trump.jpg
Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke at a Trump rally on Oct. 17 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Tasos Katopodis/AFP/Getty Images
Wednesday we noted that Sarah Palin is being considered for a Trump Cabinet position. Here's another fun possibility that Politico reported: Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke for Homeland Security. Check out this old D-Clarke tweet:
Before long, Black Lies Matter will join forces with ISIS to be down our legal constituted republic. You heard it first here. — David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) October 28, 2015
Honestly, right now I don't have the energy to do much more than copy and paste each bit of surreal nightmare news that comes out with the comment “Good times.”
David Clarke is also a member of an anti-government extremist group monitored by the Southern Poverty Law Center called the Constitutional Sheriffs and Peace Officers Association and has appeared on Sandy Hook truther Alex Jones' radio show.
Good times.
Update, 9:50 a.m.: Clarke referred last night to the protests against Trump in a number of major cities as “temper tantrums” by “anarchists” that “must be quelled.”
BOSTON (CBS) – Here's the good news about Mark Zuckerberg, the boy billionaire who gave us Facebook – I saw him on TV Tuesday night wearing a tie! Attaboy Mark, finally dressing the part at age 32.
Now, the bad news – Zuckerberg still acts the part of the naughty seven-year-old, caught red-handed making a mess but declaring: “I didn't do anything!”
We're talking about the discovery that Facebook allowed its news feeds to be taken over by fake-story mills, which bombarded millions of voters with totally false information during the campaign, most of it damaging to the Clinton campaign.
Remember the story about Pope Francis endorsing Trump? Fake. The one about the mysterious death of an FBI agent suspected of leaking Clinton emails? Totally fake as well. And so on.
It turns out Facebook knew it had a fake news problem and did almost nothing about it, even though a New York Times columnist points out they had ample tools at their command. And now Zuckerberg is in full whine, claiming it's a “pretty crazy idea” that his negligence had any impact on a close election.
What's crazy is the sight of a company, making money in almost unimaginable quantities, completely neglecting its basic social responsibilities to be a responsible conduit of news and information.
It's like the gang at Twitter, knowing their product is being used to do real harm to people, but finding every excuse in the book to let it continue.
Move over, tobacco companies and toxic-waste polluters.
You've got fresh company in the Irresponsible Greedhead Hall of Fame.
Listen to Jon's commentary:
Flooding rains from Hermine are not the only concern for North Carolina. Strong wind gusts could result in some down trees and spotty power outages in eastern North Carolina. Hermine is now a tropical storm after making landfall as a hurricane in Florida. It could still produce wind gusts between 40 and 60mph east of I-95 late Friday night. Locations near Raleigh and Fayetteville could experience gusts up to 25 or 35mph.
Isolated tornadoes are also possible Friday night into early Saturday morning. The greatest threat will for isolated tornadoes will come east of I-95.
Rain from Hermine should taper off through the day Saturday as the storm moves to the northeast.
Hurricane Hermine made landfall in Florida's Big Bend area early Friday as the first hurricane to hit the state in more than a decade, bringing soaking rain, high winds and thousands of power outages. Injuries were reported in Tallahassee as trees fell onto homes.
The Category 1 storm hit just east of St. Marks around 1:30 a.m. EDT with winds around 80 mph, according to the U.S. National Hurricane Center. Hermine later weakened to a tropical storm as it moved farther inland.
Projected storm surges of up to 12 feet menaced a wide swath of the coast and an expected drenching of up to 10 inches of rain carried the danger of flooding along the storm's path over land, including the state capital Tallahassee, which hadn't been hit by a hurricane since Kate in 1985.
As of 8 a.m. EDT Friday, Hermine was weakening as it moved into southern Georgia, with maximum sustained winds of 60 mph, the Hurricane Center said. It was centered about 35 miles northeast of Valdosta, Georgia, and was moving north-northeast near 14 mph.
After pushing through Georgia, Hermine was expected to move into the Carolinas and up the East Coast with the potential for drenching rain and deadly flooding.
In Tallahassee, high winds knocked trees onto several houses injuring residents inside, fire-rescue spokesman Mike Bellamy said. He said an unknown number were taken to area hospitals with injuries that weren't thought to be life-threatening. Bellamy said his agency responded to more than 300 calls overnight. Mayor Andrew Gillum estimated as many as 100,000 area residents were without electricity Friday morning.
At Florida's Keaton Beach, just south of the state's Big Bend where the peninsula meets the Panhandle, about two dozen people waited on a road just after sunrise Friday trying to get to their homes. Police had the road blocked because of flooding. Taylor County Commissioner Jody DeVane said several homes were damaged.
In Pasco County, north of Tampa, authorities said flooding forced 18 people from their homes in Green Key and Hudson Beach. Pasco County Fire Rescue and sheriff's deputies used high-water vehicles early Friday to rescue people from rising water. They were taken to a nearby shelter. The Sunshine Skyway Bridge that spans Tampa Bay remained closed Friday morning because of high winds.
As Hermine moved north, Georgia Power estimated about 19,000 homes and businesses were without power statewide early Friday. Many of those were in Valdosta and surrounding Lowndes County, about 15 miles north of the Georgia-Florida line. Lowndes County spokeswoman Paige Dukes said crews were dealing with fallen trees and snapped power lines, but no injuries had been reported. Winds exceeding 55 mph had been recorded in the county, with 4 to 5 inches of rainfall, she said.
Hermine entered into South Carolina and has now been downgraded to a tropical storm as it's moving into North Carolina throughout Friday. Heavy rain and wind is expected overnight. Winds are expected to die down around 3 a.m. with the storm moving out Saturday afternoon.
USEFUL LINKS
Ready NC
Duke Energy Progress Outage Map
NC Electric Cooperative Outage Map
It arrives at my table in taco form, thin dark strips filling corn tortillas piled high with pickled onion and something resembling Parmesan cheese. I pull one of the julienned strips of brown mystery out of the taco and taste it on its own. It's smoky and moist, tangy from barbecue sauce. It's kind of chewy. It's vegan brisket.
And it's pretty good.
V-Eats Modern Vegan, opening sometime this week, is the latest addition to Trinity Groves, the restaurant mini-mall at the foot of the Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge in West Dallas. The development's food offerings are varied: seafood at AmberJax Fish Market Grille, burgers at Off-Site Kitchen, Moroccan at Souk, craft beer and comfort food at Luck. And now, something for vegetarians and vegans, a population that doesn't exactly have it easy dining out in a city revered for its steakhouses and burger joints.
Continue Reading
EXPAND The V-Eats patio is nearly as big as the restaurant itself and offers beautiful views of downtown Dallas landmarks. Beth Rankin
Vegan restaurants tend to go one of two routes: animal-free takes on classic meat-filled favorites, or an unabashed celebration of veggie-centric dishes that don't try to be anything other than what they are. V-Eats has robust salads and vegetable dishes, but much of the menu is devoted to vegan takes on Texas favorites.
Chef Troy Gardner "specializes in crafting succulent plant-based 'meats' that will amaze your taste buds," V-Eats website reads. "His clever use of cruelty-free ingredients creates the texture and flavors of meat with compassion."
Southwest chili ($5/$8), brisket sliders ($10), Texas Frito pie ($9), Salisbury steak ($15) — the menu is filled with dishes that attempt to lure meat-eaters into a sense of comfort that some omnivores don't always find in vegan restaurants. The brisket is made of seitan, the chicken-fried steak is made with breadfruit and the salmon sushi is made with a curious pink "meat" that was somewhat translucent and mostly flavorless – the server was unwilling (or unable) to describe exactly what the salmon was made of.
The brisket — which comes in a slider, taco ($10 for three) or sandwich ($12) — did not, on its own, immediately bring the warm fattiness of classic brisket to mind, particularly texturally, but on tacos, it made for a fun and tangy bite that was reminiscent of beef. It's not going to fool a pitmaster, but it is something I'd order again.
Tortilla-encrusted fried "Chick-None" ($15) proved particularly interesting. It's made with breadfruit, a dense, starchy tropical fruit that's nutrient-rich and easy to grow, which makes it particularly of interest to international organizations trying to fight food scarcity and malnutrition in impoverished countries. Whether or not the breadfruit could cure world hunger has yet to be seen; but how does it really stack up when served as a substitute to chicken?
EXPAND The fried Chick-None, a faux chicken made with breadfruit and served on a bed of roasted vegetables. Beth Rankin
Texturally, breadfruit is much thicker and starchier than chicken – it's less chicken breast and more like a roasted root vegetable. Even with the surprising texture, this dish was delicious — the breading was crunchy and flavorful and the mushroom sauce drizzled on top added a nice umami depth. The combination of the breading and gravy did give it a flavor reminiscent of a chicken-fried steak, but meat purists will probably balk at the texture. To do so, however, would be to miss the point — this is a fun, inventive dish with surprisingly crave-worthy flavors and delightful roasted veggies. The mac and cheese on the side won't convince you it's Kraft, but it did have a surprisingly cheesy consistency and tasted pleasantly comforting.
There's a small beer and wine list and a few fun cocktails, too. The Herb Garden ($12) was a sweet, herbaceous drink made with house herb-infused gin, lemon tonic and fresh spinach juice. Brunch is forthcoming, which should be music to meat-free ears, and the eatery will likely announce its official open date this week.
EXPAND Vegan brisket tacos at V-Eats. Beth Rankin
Whether you're meat-free or not, V-Eats is a fun, inventive spot to visit — and in a city that loves meat as much as Dallas, sometimes it's nice to walk awake and alert from a plant-based meal that doesn't rely on all the trappings of meat.
V-Eats Modern Vegan, 3011 Gulden Lane
Documentary Description
To watch all 100 Greatest Discoveries in High Definition, please visit: 100 Greatest Discoveries
Scientists have transformed the way we think and live throughout the centuries. What are the most important scientific discoveries of all time? In no particular order, we present the top 100 in eight different categories.
100 Greatest Discoveries - PHYSICS
1. The Law of Falling Bodies (1604)
Galileo Galilei overturns nearly 2,000 years of Aristotelian belief that heavier bodies fall faster than lighter ones by proving that all bodies fall at the same rate.
2. Universal Gravitation (1666)
Isaac Newton comes to the conclusion that all objects in the universe, from apples to planets, exert gravitational attraction on each other.
3. Laws of Motion (1687)
Isaac Newton changes our understanding of the universe by formulating three laws to describe the movement of objects. 1) An object in motion remains in motion unless an external force is applied to it. 2) The relationship between an object's mass (m), its acceleration (a) and the applied force (F) is F = ma. 3) For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.
4. The Second Law of Thermodynamics (1824 – 1850)
Scientists working to improve the efficiency of steam engines develop an understanding of the conversion of heat into work. They learn that the flow of heat from higher to lower temperatures is what drives a steam engine, likening the process to the flow of water that turns a mill wheel. Their work leads to three principles: heat flows spontaneously from a hot to a cold body; heat cannot be completely converted into other forms of energy; and systems become more disorganized over time.
5. Electromagnetism (1807 – 1873)
Pioneering experiments uncover the relationship between electricity and magnetism and lead to a set of equations that express the basic laws governing them. One of those experiments unexpectedly yields results in a classroom. In 1820, Danish physicist Hans Christian Oersted is speaking to students about the possibility that electricity and magnetism are related. During the lecture, an experiment demonstrates the veracity of his theory in front of the whole class.
6. Special Relativity (1905)
Albert Einstein overthrows basic assumptions about time and space by describing how clocks tick slower and distances appear to stretch as objects approach the speed of light.
7. E = mc2 (1905)
Or energy is equal to mass times the speed of light squared. Albert Einstein's famous formula proves that mass and energy are different manifestations of the same thing, and that a very small amount of mass can be converted into a very large amount of energy. One profound implication of his discovery is that no object with mass can ever go faster than the speed of light.
8. The Quantum Leap (1900 – 1935)
To describe the behavior of subatomic particles, a new set of natural laws is developed by Max Planck, Albert Einstein, Werner Heisenberg and Erwin Schrodinger. A quantum leap is defined as the change of an electron within an atom from one energy state to another. This change happens all at once, not gradually.
9. The Nature of Light (1704 – 1905)
Thought and experimentation by Isaac Newton, Thomas Young and Albert Einstein lead to an understanding of what light is, how it behaves, and how it is transmitted. Newton uses a prism to split white light into its constituent colors and another prism to mix the colors into white light, proving that colored light mixed together makes white light. Young establishes that light is a wave and that wavelength determines color. Finally, Einstein recognizes that light always travels at a constant speed, no matter the speed of the measurer.
10. The Neutron (1935)
James Chadwick discovers neutrons, which, together with protons and electrons comprise the atom. This finding dramatically changes the atomic model and accelerates discoveries in atomic physics.
11. Superconductors (1911 – 1986)
The unexpected discovery that some materials have no resistance to the flow of electricity promises to revolutionize industry and technology. Superconductivity occurs in a wide variety of materials, including simple elements like tin and aluminum, various metallic alloys and certain ceramic compounds.
12. Quarks (1962)
Murray Gell-Mann proposes the existence of fundamental particles that combine to form composite objects such as protons and neutrons. A quark has both an electric and a "strong" charge. Protons and neutrons each contain three quarks.
13. Nuclear Forces (1666 – 1957)
Discoveries of the basic forces at work on the subatomic level lead to the realization that all interactions in the universe are the result of four fundamental forces of nature — the strong and weak nuclear forces, the electromagnetic force and gravitation.
Claude Moraes Chairman of the European Parliament's Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs Committee has said in his Friday blog: "I think people now accept that our behavior on social media is being monitored" and that "the balance between privacy and security is being shifted in the wrong direction".
Moraes said that, while most people in Europe accepted some form of surveillance of social media was acceptable for counter-terrorism reasons, there had to be legitimate oversight of the agencies carrying it out.
"While it is true that in the inquiry of mass surveillance we found that there was to be some concern about snooping from our own governments and intelligence services, we have higher standards of protection here in the EU and we have ambitions for higher standards of privacy than they do in the United States."
"It is very important to have intelligence services. They perform an extremely important task to protect us from external threats, from terrorism, from other security threats," he said.
"But it is important that we have an accountability structure so that they don't exceed their powers and that they don't invade our privacy where it is unnecessary to do so."
The issue of mass surveillance came to a head following the revelations by former US intelligence contractor Edward Snowden, who revealed the extent of global mass surveillance by the US National Security Agency (NSA) and Britain's GCHQ.
Moraes' comments come in the wake of the European Court of Justice (ECJ) ruling that the Safe Harbor agreement on data transfers to the US is invalid. In that case, following a complaint against Facebook by an Austrian citizen, Max Schrems, the European Court of Justice ruled on 6 October that the Commission's "adequacy decision" was invalid since the Safe Harbor agreement does not offer a level of data protection equivalent to the level of protection in place in the EU.
In particular, the Court found that the access enjoyed by the US intelligence services to the transferred data interferes with "the right to respect for private life and the right to protection of personal data."
No Level Playing Field
However, the picture throughout Europe is not clear. In France, the government rushed a new intelligence bill through parliament in the wake of the Paris attacks earlier this year, turning a deaf ear to strong opposition from rights groups, judges, tech companies, trade unions, lawyers and parliamentarians, as well as criticism from international human rights bodies, according to Amnesty International.
"The surveillance measures authorized by this law are wildly out of proportion. Large swathes of France's population could soon find themselves under surveillance on obscure grounds and without prior judicial approval," said Gauri van Gulik, Amnesty International's Deputy Director for Europe and Central Asia.
In the UK, despite protests from privacy campaigners, UK Prime Minister David Cameron is pressing for legislation — known as the Snoopers' Charter — to allows for more mass surveillance via the so-called "emergency" Data Retention and Investigatory Powers Act 2014 (DRIPA) which it will replace.
In February, the UK Investigatory Powers Tribunal (IPT) held that GCHQ acted unlawfully by accessing millions of private communications, as collected in bulk in the US, prior to December 2014 — because until then rules governing the UK's access to such communications were kept secret.
It was the first time the Tribunal has found against the intelligence services in the court's 15-year history.
Germany's Constitutional Court ruled against data retention in March 2010 after objections were filed by 35,000 people. However, the German parliament Friday agreed to reintroduce a revised law to collect and retain information about phone calls and internet use.
In a recent interview between Italian gaming site PC Gaming and Balázs Török , head programmer at CD Projekt RED, new details were revealed about the upcoming gorgeous open-world RPG, The Witcher 3.
With such amazing visuals, gamers were obviously waiting to hear whether the game would pull off 60fps on consoles. Turns out, that won't be the case.
Like we always do, we try to aim for the best graphics quality that is allowed, and this is going to impose several restrictions . We have not yet reached the stage where we can say something about the game resolution next gen consoles, but the goal that we set the frame rate of the console is 30 FPS .
And while no news has been given about the game's resolutions on each console, given CD Projekt RED's meticulous attention to detail, I can imagine the game will look fabulous no matter what system you play it on.
PC gamers, specifically those with NVIDIA graphics cards will make use of the NVIDIA Physx engine, which will give the game more realism with advanced destruction and cloth physics.
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is slated to release in 2014 on PC, Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
United States Supreme Court case
Bruesewitz v. Wyeth, 562 U.S. 223 (2011), is a United States Supreme Court case that decided whether a section of the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 preempts all vaccine design defect claims against vaccine manufacturers.
Background [ edit ]
Hannah Bruesewitz, the daughter of the main petitioners in the case, received Wyeth's Tri-Immunol DTP vaccine as part of childhood immunizations. The Bruesewitzes claimed that Hannah's seizures and later developmental problems came from the vaccine. They filed suit in the "Vaccine Court", a special court within the United States Court of Federal Claims. Their petition was dismissed for failure to prove a link between the vaccine and Hannah's health problems.
They proceeded to sue in Pennsylvania state court. The case was removed to the local federal court, which held that the claim was preempted by a section of the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986. The Third Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed.[1] A petition for a writ of certiorari was granted on March 8, 2010, bringing the case to the Supreme Court.
In briefings before the Court, both sides argued over the specific language of the statutory provision.
Decision [ edit ]
The case was decided on February 22, 2011. The Court, in a 6-2 opinion by Justice Antonin Scalia, held that the "plaintiffs design defect claims [were] expressly preempted by the Vaccine Act." Thus, the court affirmed laws that vaccine manufacturers are not liable for vaccine-induced injury or death if they are "accompanied by proper directions and warnings."[2]
Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissented.
See also [ edit ]
The newly appointed chairman of Eirgrid, John O'Connor, has rejected claims that he has a conflict of interest due to his previous role as chairman of An Bord Pleanála.
Fianna Fáil and a Labour Senator have criticised Minister for Communications Pat Rabbitte for making the appointment. Mr O'Connor told The Irish Times last night that he would not regard himself as having any conflict of interest in his new position.
“I am out of An Bord Pleanála for two years and have no involvement with the board at this stage,” he said. He added that he was looking forward to his new role with Eirgrid.
Mr O'Connor was chairman of An Bord Pleanala for 11 years during which a number of controversial decisions to approve wind farms were made.
Labour Senator John Whelan accused Mr Rabbitte of displaying “an appalling level of arrogance” in choosing Mr O'Connor as the chair of Eirgrid. Mr Whelan said “he had no doubt whatsoever” that Mr John O'Connor is “a man of the utmost integrity with the requisite skills and qualifications” for the position.
However, the Senator said the appointment created “an unnecessary overlap and direct connection between the roles and functions of Eirgrid and An Bord Pleanála”. Fianna Fáil Senator Thomas Byrne called on Mr Rabbitte to explain the process of selecting Mr O'Connor, and said it was seeking an assurance that it would not pose a conflict of interest.
Mr O'Connor has held a number of senior positions in the Department of the Environment and is chairman of the Pyrite Resolution Board. He will be invited to appear at the Oireachtas Committee on Transport and Communications before his appointment is formalised.
Separately yesterday, Mr Rabbitte said engagement between Eirgrid and community objectors to the expansion of its electricity network must be “reasonable”, adding the Government should not have to bear costs to allay concerns that are not well founded”.
Login | February 27, 2019
Legal experts weigh in on the impact of AI
SHERRY KARABIN
Legal News Reporter
Published: May 24, 2017
Once just a farfetched concept found in science fiction novels and movies, today artificial intelligence (AI) is not only a reality, it's impacting the workplace. From changing the way businesses search for employees to allowing workers to speed up certain aspects of their jobs, the use of AI-infused software and platforms is on the rise.
Sarah Moore, a partner at the management-side labor and employment law firm Fisher Phillips, said just as industrial automation displaced portions of the blue-collar employee sector, AI will similarly replace and transform the white collar world in an unprecedented way.
“The revolution we saw with machines in blue-collar industries focused on the way in which items are moved from point A to B or combined to create a product,” said Moore, who works out of the firm's Cleveland office. “Robotics assisted in the process and humans supported the mechanical systems.
“With AI the computer is performing human thinking tasks and that will dynamically change the workforce, displacing a different group of employees,” she said. “In the financial sector AI is used in different software platforms to perform the financial analysis that people would perform so decisions can be made faster.
“AI is also tied into many human resources functions, with programs that do the initial sorting and analysis of candidates, narrowing down the number of resumes that managers have to sift through.”
The legal profession is also among those being transformed as startups offer new AI-infused software and platforms for document automation, e-discovery and even compliance.
“AI compliance software asks a few basic questions, does a legal analysis and generates recommendations that take into account relevant statutes and laws,” said Moore. “Basically the lawyers inform the software to perform quick analysis using logic formulas and the software becomes the new legal service platform delivering services at less expense to clients.”
Emily Janoski-Haehlen, an associate professor at The University of Akron School of Law, said artificial intelligence has now become an integral part of her Technology in Law class.
“Some people suggest that AI will spell disaster for the legal profession,” said Janoski-Haehlen. “I take the approach that when used properly AI can help lawyers to be more productive by automating routine tasks so they can focus on more complex matters.”
Janoski-Haehlen, the director of the school's law library, said AI-infused software programs can be especially useful when doing legal research and e-discovery.
“In my class I teach all my students how to create templates for contracts and how to do contract review using document automation software,” she said. “The students are both fascinated and a little scared.”
Janoski-Haehlen said right now there is a big debate over whether law schools should adopt ROSS Intelligence, an artificially intelligent system powered by IBM's Watson cognitive computing platform, to teach students how to use it for legal research and workflow management.
“Traditionally a lot of these jobs are done by new attorneys,” said Janoski-Haehlen. “The ROSS motto is that it will supercharge the lawyer by making you better and smarter.”
ROSS is already in use at some law firms and a few law schools.
While she does not believe machine learning platforms like ROSS will ever replace lawyers altogether, Janoski-Haehlen said the use of technology is changing the look of a traditional law office.
“Some firms no longer have a legal secretary because many of the tasks they once did have been replaced by technology,” she said.
“There's now a company called Ruby receptionists, which offers live virtual receptionists. They have Spanish speaking receptionists, live-answering services and the client can have the calls forwarded to their cell phone or office phone or they can retrieve messages from the Ruby mobile app.”
The field of court reporting could also be impacted, Janoski-Haehlen said.
“Courts can install digital recording systems that could replace the traditional court reporter,” said Janoski-Haehlen. “There is debate about whether or not this is a good idea, however, because it is currently easy for a judge to ask a court reporter to repeat the last thing a witness or attorney said. But asking a digital reporter to perform this same function might be tricky.”
Moore said businesses, including law firms that take advantage of the new technology must be prepared to mitigate the potential legal fallout.
“Employers need to examine the operational implications as well as the fact that a large percent of the workforce could be displaced,” said Moore. “Businesses should analyze their decisions and develop a strategic plan, bringing in IT and the legal side to ensure they don't run afoul of union regulations or the required WARN (Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification) Act notifications that employers covered by the law must adhere to when large numbers of workers are laid off.”
There's also the question of who or what would be held accountable for any poor decisions made by AI. For example, if AI is used to recommend a financial portfolio and the investor loses larges sums of money, who would be sued?
“The reality is that there are no laws on the books that squarely address these questions in an AI setting,” said Moore. “Most likely such suits would be decided based on current negligence law.
“Given how quickly this new technology is upon us, it may take time for necessary legal regulation to catch up to AI. Until then, it's likely that proving harm from these systems may be more costly than traditional suits under present law.
“In the area of human resources, one question that will likely arise is how does the use of AI in sorting through candidates match up with federal and state anti-discrimination laws? That issue will undoubtedly be decided through future legal challenges,” Moore said.
In the meantime, Janoski-Haehlen is advising her students to proceed with caution when embracing the new technology.
“Ultimately I believe lawyers will be held accountable for any mistakes that occur,” she said. “Lawyers need to review the results that the new technology produces to ensure they are accurate.
“I also tell my students who are interested in setting up virtual law practices to be careful of what they are putting out for the public's consumption,” said Janoski-Haehlen.
“Vendors like LegalZoom have clear disclaimers that they are not providing legal advice. I tell my students if they go down that road, they must protect themselves since they won't be able to blame machines for their mistakes.”
[Back]
By Noel Randewich and Armando Tovar
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico is canceling classes for millions of children in the heart of the country on Friday after influenza killed around 20 people in recent weeks.
Mexican Health Minister Jose Angel Cordoba said schools and universities in Mexico City and the surrounding area would be temporarily closed and advised people with flu symptoms to stay home from work.
“We're dealing with a new flu virus that constitutes a respiratory epidemic that so far is controllable,” Cordoba said on Thursday.
Canada's government advised doctors to be on the alert for reports of illness from people who recently traveled to Mexico, although it did not advise against visiting the popular beach vacation destination.
Mexico's flu season normally ends in February or March, but it has extended longer this year, the government said.
“We recommend avoiding places or events with a lot of people unless strictly necessary,” Cordoba said in an unusual late-night live statement to media.
About 79 people, possibly ill with the flu, are being treated in Mexico and that number has not increased in recent days, the Health Ministry said.
Worldwide, seasonal flu kills between 250,000 and 500,000 people in an average year.
In the United States, seven people have been diagnosed with a new kind of swine flu in California and Texas, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported.
All seven people there have recovered but the virus itself is a never-before-seen mixture of viruses typical among pigs, birds and humans, the CDC said.
Canadian officials have been particularly sensitive to the international spread of respiratory illnesses since Toronto was hit by the SARS epidemic in 2003, which was blamed partly on a slow response to early disease reports.
Gun violence has become a raging epidemic in the United States. And it's not just due to mass shootings. On average 93 people die from gunshot wounds in this country everyday.1 In 2016, more than 38,000 people were killed by firearms.2 What can we do to stem this horrific tide of violence?
Over 90% of Americans, including 86% of Republicans, support universal background checks.3 At the same time, the majority of us believe it's practically impossible to fight the all-powerful gun lobby. We watch these tragedies escalate and feel helpless to prevent the next one: 58 innocent people are randomly killed, 527 others injured by a lone gunman at an outdoor concert4; young children are murdered in their schools; and others killed in their church or at the movies.
Now no place is safe. None of us can feel secure when we could easily be the next victim of gun violence. Our personal safety, as well as that of our loved ones', is in real danger. The truth is we can no longer afford to sit back, waiting around like ducks in a shooting gallery. We all must get involved now.
While a movement to prevent gun violence is growing throughout the country, a massive campaign to increase the public's understanding of this issue is essential. This became really clear to me during a conversation I had on my flight to Philadelphia for Thanksgiving. As I spoke to the woman seated next to me about the ever-increasing gun violence in our country, she explained that she was a gun owner who supported universal background checks. An intelligent, former defense contractor, this mother of three children then startled me by noting she opposed gun control. I was confused. How could this be?
Like many gun owners, she believed gun control meant the government wanted to take away her guns. I responded that gun control is about keeping people safe, not gun confiscation. But clearly she was listening to the message of the gun lobby, which prevents even the most common sense gun control laws from being enacted, such as keeping guns out of the hands of the mentally ill, domestic violence abusers, even known terrorists. Clearly, we need to better educate the public about the meaning and purpose of gun control.
So how can we articulate the gun control message more effectively? What if instead of emphasizing gun control, there was a Movement for the Safety of All Americans? If the problem were framed as a domestic and public safety issue rather than a gun control matter, perhaps we could build greater demand for conquering this national epidemic.
When people feel that a problem personally affects them, they are much more likely to become involved in solving it. The history of mass movements in America bears that out. From Women's Suffrage and Labor to Civil Rights and LGBTQ issues, mass movements have arisen to demand that the nation address the critical needs of millions of its citizens. The threat that gun violence poses to our safety is not being met with the urgency, resources and all-out response this crisis requires. Making the prevention of gun violence a nationwide, public safety emergency could galvanize the nation to cure this epidemic.
Mass movements have always faced very strong resistance from the status quo. The gun lobby has an extremely strong grip on many members of Congress. In 2014, gun rights advocates spent over $30 million on campaigns and lobbying while gun control reformers spent less than $10 million.5 Still, the polls indicate that the people overwhelmingly want gun control. As Americans' resolve to defeat gun violence grows, our resignation that it is hopeless will dissipate.
Therefore, we must all get involved. Here in New Mexico, you can join New Mexicans to Prevent Gun Violence (www.newmexicanstopreventgunviolence.org). If you live in another state, find a similar organization to support and help build the grassroots effort for the safety of all Americans. Our mass movement can beat back the gun lobby and force our state legislatures and Congress to act despite the opposition. Together we can make America safe again!
Despit­e threat­s, studen­ts want to contin­ue their studie­s.
ISLAMABAD: “I got hold of the terrorist who attacked Malala Yousafzai”, said a schoolgirl in Swat. The words coming from an 11-year old caught me by surprise. Musfira Khan, a fifth grader was chatting with her friend during a stroll in her school's lush green garden.
Her words grabbed my attention and my entire focus shifted towards the little girl. “How did you manage to do that?” I asked. She replied with a smile, “In my dream… I dreamt that I had arrested him.”
During my visit to Swat—the city where the world's youngest Nobel Prize nominee Malala Yousafzai opened her eyes—it was pretty evident that girls in Mingora and Swat were attending schools fearlessly and no more scared of the Taliban. In a private school near Makan-Bagh, I managed to interview some girls. I had gone to Swat on October 11, the day when the Nobel Prize winner was to be announced in Oslo.
Musfira told me she was feeling very proud that Malala had been nominated for the prize. “Malala is very smart. When I used to visit her, she always advised me to concentrate hard on my studies,” she added. Answering a question if she also wanted to be Malala, her swift response was no. “I am Musfira Khan… I want to be Dr Musfira Khan,” she replied confidently.
A fourth grader Hafsa Bibi said Malala had done nothing for them. “Malala should come back to Swat to support us, she's enjoying a luxurious life in our name without doing anything for us,” she added.
Asiya Khan, a seventh grader, appeared to be a great fan of Malala. “I like her (Malala Yousafzai) very much. Islam teaches us to get an education and we are doing so without any fear,”
Another little girl, Amina Khan said she wanted to be a teacher. The five-year old had not heard of Malala but her schoolmate Muskan said she had been praying since morning for Malala to win the Nobel Prize.
Another seventh grader, Humaima said she knew about Malala only through television programmes. Replying to another question, she said, “Most girls will tell you they have no fear of terrorists and are attending school as usual.”
Published in The Express Tribune, October 19th, 2013.
Read full story
Andy Murray, convener of SNP Friends of Palestine, speaks out over his treatment and deportation
ON MONDAY 9 NOVEMBER his plane touched down in Tel Aviv airport, Israel. Andy Murray, a dad of two and community campaigner from Glasgow, was travelling to Jerusalem and Bethlehem, part of the occupied Palestinian territories.
He had meetings planned with members of the Knesset parliament, which sits in Jerusalem, as well as journalists interested in his campaigning work against the occupation of Palestine. He never made it.
On his arrival, Andy was targeted by the army guards, arrested, imprisoned overnight and then eventually deported , on the orders that he was not to attempt to reach Palestine through Israel for 10 years.
Murray has been speaking to CommonSpace about his arrest, the surveillance of his political activities by Israeli officials, the conditions in his cell and how his local MP intervened to secure his safe passage home.
"I was part of a delegation [which included healthcare workers and others planning meetings in Israel and Palestine]. I got off the plane on Monday after 11.30am. I made my way through to the passport control. As soon as I mentioned my name it was as if they were expecting me," Murray explains.
"They took to me to the security desk then put me into the holding room. The place was full of people - especially those of Muslim and Palestinian origin.
"I was there for quite a while, then I was taken through by the security services. I was interrogated by one person then one of his colleagues came in. It got pretty rough. They were very personal and probing. This went on for quite a while. Every question they asked I answered fully and truthfully."
"I was told, and this is a direct quote, 'Look out the window. Do you see fucking Big Ben? You don't have any rights here.'" Andy Murray
Murray, isolated and in this first episode of interrogation for well over an hour, was asked for his travel plans. When he provided his itinerary he was accused of lying.
"They wanted to see my phone. I showed them. I was asked who the Muslim name at the top of the list was, someone I knew from home.
"Then they started taking the names and details down. I told them to stop. This is wrong. I know in the UK this is illegal. The attitude of the two of them changed immediately. They told me to stop lying or the consequences would be serious.
"Then I told them I wanted to speak to someone from the UK embassy. I was told, and this is a direct quote, 'Look out the window. Do you see fucking Big Ben? You don't have any rights here.' I was ignored."
Refusing to provide access to a UK embassy for a UK citizen raises serious diplomatic issues. CommonSpace has been told that the case is likely to be raised with the foreign secretary.
The targeting of Murray follows moves to tighten the political and racial targeting of entry to Palestine via Israel. Due to the blockage of Palestine and the bombing of Gaza's airport, access can only be approved via Israeli border checks. Recent legal proposals suggested complete bans on activists who support justice for Palestine.
"[The official] pulled out a file. There were photographs of me at a Palestine demonstration on Saturday [7 November] in Glasgow. There was a photo of me at the SNP conference." Andy Murray
Murray, following his first interrogation, was sent back to the holding room alongside other detainees. He phoned his wife and asked her to contact Carol Monaghan MP for help, a move that would eventually secure his release.
After several hours in the holding room he was called to examine his suitcase. "I walked into the room and my suitcase was there. They opened it all up and asked me to identify all the contents. They had equipment for testing for explosive residue. They tested every piece of clothing, every item," he explains.
"They did a full body search and swap search. All over my body. My groin. Everything. This went on for over an hour. They took all my equipment. My laptop. My phone."
By this point Murray was over 10 hours into a process of interrogations, searches and being held in a crowded pen of airport detainees.
If it wasn't clear already that it was Murray's political affiliations that led to his arrest and detention, officials decided to emphasise the point.
"I was taken to another office. He said he was immigration. He started to ask questions again. He pulled out a file. There were photographs. They'd hacked all of them. There were photographs of me at a Palestine demonstration on Saturday [7 November] in Glasgow. There was a photo of me at the SNP conference [Aberdeen in October 2015].
"He put that on front of me. So I explained my connection with SNP Friends of Palestine. He served me with a deportation order and a 10-year ban from visiting Israel."
Murray, having been denied diplomatic support, was told he faced a five-day wait in detention before being allowed to return home. He was then taken to a new detention centre.
"Carol [Monaghan] got me home to my kids. For that I am eternally grateful and I will never ever forget it." Andy Murray
"Guards took us to a detention centre 20 minutes outside the airport. We were put in cells and told we would be there until we were removed from Israel. It was 11pm by now and I hadn't eaten properly.
"We were locked in a cell - four men - with the lights on all night on and with the door opening and shutting through the night."
The following morning, stuck in two-day old clothing, Murray was allowed to walk in a courtyard and granted a cold shower before being returned to the cell.
At home, the British embassy in Tel Aviv had been contacted. Monaghan had intervened. Rather than face a further four days imprisoned, he would be released that day.
"From what I can gather, due to Monaghan's intervention I got out of there at 3pm on the Tuesday, Tel Aviv time," he says.
"Carol [Monaghan] got me home to my kids. For that I am eternally grateful and I will never ever forget it," Murray adds.
Yet strangely - despite the ordeal lasting over 24 hours through a Kafkaesque trial of questions, searches and accusations - Murray remains unfazed.
"I'm just thankful that I wasn't treated like a Palestinian because I don't know if I could have dealt with it. There's plenty of proof of evidence [of mistreatment in Israeli jails]. I wasn't tortured. I wasn't starved. I wasn't beaten," Murray says.
He was "mentally drained, but not surprised" by what he experienced.
"There are many people in Israel who want an end to the occupation. We are not enemies of anyone. I oppose Zionism and the occupation of Palestine." Andy Murray
"It was quite obviously because I was a Palestinian activist. They don't want those people in. The one thing that I noticed was the paranoia. They don't want people to see what's happening," he says.
What was more concerning for Murray was the denial of embassy services, which without the support of his local MP could have made the experience far worse.
"It worries me that a UK citizen can be treated like this and denied access to the embassy. Questions need to be asked. It's shameful.
"There are many people in Israel who want an end to the occupation. We are not enemies of anyone. I oppose Zionism and the occupation of Palestine."
Instead of dampening his enthusiasm for humanitarian work to support people in Palestine, his activism has been further spurred by his treatment from security services.
"Palestine got me involved in politics," Murray explains. "I've always had an interest in humanitarian issues - myself and my wife. As long as I can remember we've been involved in the struggle for peace in Palestine.
"As soon as there was the surge in membership [in the SNP], we set up SNP Friends of Palestine to give information to all these new members - 114,000 - to show them what's happening and make it high on the priority list for the SNP.
"Palestinians don't enjoy equality. Whether you agree with a one or two-state solution, what they want is equality of rights and justice. They want an end to occupation. That's what we're fighting for. Equality for Palestinians and an end to the occupation."
CommonSpace previously revealed that 30 SNP MPs have backed the campaign in its first year, with Murray suggesting the numbers have grown even higher.
The group is now discussing campaigning for the party to support the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions (BDS) movement, which seeks to bring about a peaceful resolution to the occupation.
Murray has since been inundated with messages of support from party MPs and other groups across Scotland: "It has solidified the commitment within SNP Friends of Palestine and solidarity groups across the country on our desire to fight for a just settlement for the Palestinian people," he concludes.
Picture courtesy of SNP Friends of Palestine
FOX's renew/cancel standings for week 9 of the 2016-17 season feature a show that's doing just enough to get renewed.
Here are the standings, and here's an explanation of the Bear's methodology.
Show Status 18-49 rating Renew/Cancel Index Scream Queens (O) 🐻 🐻 0.72 0.02 Rosewood (O) 🐻 🐻 0.78 0.08 The Exorcist (F) (O) 🐻 🐻 0.69 0.29 The Last Man on Earth (O) 🐻 🐻 🐻 0.97 0.27 Pitch (O) 🐻 🐻 🐻 0.88 0.18 Brooklyn Nine-Nine 🐻 🐻 🐻 0.97 0.27 Son of Zorn (O) 🐻 🐻 🐻 1.28 0.58 Lucifer 🐻 🐻 🐻 1.06 0.36 New Girl (O) 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 1.0 0.3 Gotham 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 1.14 0.44 Family Guy (O) 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 1.43 0.73 Lethal Weapon 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 1.86 1.16 Empire (O) 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 3.47 2.77 Bob's Burgers (O) Renewed 1.18 0.48 The Simpsons (O) Renewed 1.98 1.28
“Gotham” doesn't have the full weight of the Third Season Rule behind it, since it airs on FOX and is produced by Warner Bros. But the show is still likely to make it back next season.
Along with most broadcast TV, “Gotham” has declined year to year. It's averaging a 1.14 rating so far this fall, down 24.5 percent from the 1.51 it had at the same time last season. That's a somewhat steeper fall than the network scripted average, which is off about 16 percent vs. the same time a year ago.
But there's also this: If you remove “Empire” and its outlier numbers from the FOX average, “Gotham's” 18-49 rating is right on par with the rest of the network. It hasn't been a banner season for FOX's regular lineup, to say the least, but “Gotham” is doing no worse than anything else.
Faint praise, to be sure, but its performance and the incentives both studio and network have to keep it going should see “Gotham” through to 2017-18.
Key:
DSW Dead Show Walking: All but officially canceled yet still airing 🐻 sure bet to be canceled by May 2017 🐻 🐻 likely to be canceled by May 2017 🐻 🐻 🐻 tossup between renewal and cancellation by May 2017 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 likely to be renewed by May 2017 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 🐻 sure bet to be renewed by May 2017
The Renewal/Cancel Index is the amount above (or below) a replacement-level rating — i.e., the expected adults 18-49 rating of an emergency fill-in show should a series be canceled. For the 2016-17 season, replacement level is a 0.7 same-day rating in adults 18-49 for the Big 4 networks and a 0.2 for The CW. (Read more here.) The index number is taken by subtracting 0.7 (or 0.2) from a show's average same-day rating.
Friday scripted shows (denoted with an “F” above) on the Big 4 have average ratings about 30 percent lower than those of other nights, therefore their ratings are multiplied by 1.43 (1/0.7, or 7 70 percent) before subtracting the replacement-level number.
Shows that have ended their seasons have their R/C Index number frozen at the point of their final episode.
(O) – Owned: All other things equal, shows owned by studios affiliated with their networks have a better shot at renewal than those from outside producers.
× If it looks like meth, it might as well be meth, Utah appeals court rules
SALT LAKE CITY — If it looks like methamphetamine, it might as well be methamphetamine. At least for the purposes of a preliminary hearing, the Utah Court of Appeals has ruled.
In a ruling issued over the weekend, the Utah Court of Appeals reversed a judge's decision to toss a drug case against a St. George woman after it was revealed police did not scientifically test a substance found in her possession. Instead, the court determined that there was enough circumstantial evidence to proceed to trial.
“Because the circumstantial evidence of drug identity was, in this case, sufficient to constitute probable cause that (Kaitlin) Homer possessed methamphetamine, we reverse,” Utah Court of Appeals Judge Ryan Harris wrote.
In 2015, Kaitlin Homer was arrested outside her father's home and police found syringes and a baggie containing a “light crystal substance.” The officer testified he believed it was methamphetamine, but admitted he did not field test it to determine if it was, in fact, the illicit drug.
The judge hearing the case refused to bind Homer over for trial on the drug charge, and prosecutors appealed the decision. In its ruling, the appeals court judges said the standard at a preliminary hearing is low and suggested prosecutors could present any scientific evidence they have at trial.
“Undoubtedly, the State's case would have been stronger if it had included scientific evidence (field test results or, better yet, more definitive results from the State Crime Lab) that the substance found in Homer's backpack was in fact methamphetamine. But such scientific evidence is not a necessary condition, in every case, of bindover at the preliminary hearing stage,” Judge Harris wrote.
Read the Utah Court of Appeals ruling here:
AT&T's Holiday Layoffs Greater Than Originally Reported AT&T spent much of last week trying to claim that the Trump Administration's tax plan was directly responsible for one billion in additional 2018 investment and the doling out of $1,000 bonuses to around 200,000 employees. But the company's PR noise hid some less pleasant realities. Like the fact that much of those bonuses were hashed out by union employees as part of a new deal that had nothing to do with Trump's tax plan. AT&T is, however, trying to get regulatory approval from the Trump administration for its $86 billion acquisition of Time Warner.
AT&T also didn't clarify how much it intended to spend in 2018, suggesting the company is once again fiddling with investment projections solely for PR effect (this is a longstanding tradition at AT&T ). AT&T also failed to mention it would be laying off up to 2,000 employees just in time for the holidays . Original reports that 700 employees would be losing their jobs appear to have under-reported the figures. One AT&T insider told DSLReports.com that the Southeast alone saw the elimination of around 700 positions at the company. "Just in the Southwest region we had 700 legacy AT&T employees get surplussed or laid off," says the worker. "I think reports from all districts put it close to 1400 or so just for the AT&T side." 600 workers were also laid off in the midwest, and another 700 workers are slated to be laid off starting in February in Texas and Missouri. And AT&T hinted to the Chicago Tribune that even more layoffs could arrive in the new year because "technology improvements are driving higher efficiencies." “How can you lay people off and then give them $1,000 and say that there's going to be more jobs available? I wish someone could tell me how that's possible because I have to explain that to my members, and right now at this time of year, this is a difficult pill to swallow," Joseph Blanco, president of Local 6360 Communication Workers of America Union in Kansas City, told a Kansas City Fox affiliate. The layoffs come not only despite AT&T's claim that the new tax plan would be an employment boon, but longstanding claims that regulatory efforts like killing privacy protections and net neutrality would help boost investment and, by proxy, jobs. AT&T, apparently, hoped you wouldn't notice that the company's PR promises once again eclipsed reality. AT&T, apparently, hoped you wouldn't notice that the company's PR promises once again eclipsed reality.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 46 comments
fuziwuzi
Not born yesterday
Premium Member
join:2005-07-01
Palm Springs, CA 21 recommendations fuziwuzi Premium Member Surprise? Does anyone really believe there will be "more jobs" here in the US? More income for the average person/family? How many times do people have to be led down the rosey path only to be gutted that the promises were all just lies? rody_44
Premium Member
join:2004-02-20
Quakertown, PA 4 edits 13 recommendations rody_44 Premium Member Uverse worker
Food for thought. The 1000.00 is above and beyond the 1000.00 agreed to in the union contracts. That means 2 thousand dollar bonuses. »
In Wednesday's announcement, AT&T noted its track record of creating U.S. jobs. Earlier this year, thousands of AT&T workers, members of the Communications Workers of America union, went on strike over issues like job security and outsourcing. Many AT&T workers already expected to receive 10 percent raises and $1,000 lump-sum back wages as a result of an agreement announced last week.
AT&T told CNBC the bonuses announced on Wednesday are above and beyond any existing agreements, which means some workers would get two $1,000 allocations: One with a new contract, and one when the tax reform bill is signed. copy and pasted Like i said nothing to see here accept dslreports attempt at being a political propaganda machine. What is new is the fact they put a extra billion dollars into the budget for upgrades along with the 1000.00 bonuses and that was thanks to tax reform. Yea i will wait for all the thumbs down instead of actual facts. It's what propaganda machines produce. Might also add that 1 billion dollars equates to 7000 american jobs (per MSNBC). But hey no need to let facts get in your propaganda agendas way.
In a nutshell, your whole story is hogwash. Must be eyeing a career at CNN. Just once it would be nice to see a story written without political bias. Maybe the fact that it is a extra 1000.00 and it is a extra billion dollars or 7000 american jobs. Pretty sad actually considering even CNBC doesnt see it your way.. you really need to up your game to land a job at CNN. They purchased direct tv and people didnt think they would be laying off uverse installers? They announced it so i would assume they were going to do it. LOL they were upfront with this and said uverse workers would take a hit as they made the change. This isnt a surprise to anyone just as dsl reports acting like it is a surprise isnt a surprise to me. Everyone knew they would be getting rid of uverse employees. The layed off have a opportunity to transfer to where the jobs are so im assuming some will make the transfer. You would think sooner or later the media would just report the facts. Fact is everyone including at@t workers knew this was coming. The jobs will be made up as they change uverse to internet only. Only a moron would expect a company to keep two delivery platforms. Not much different than fios turning to wireless. You guys are way smarter than this. Nothing to see here but more political propaganda.Food for thought. The 1000.00 is above and beyond the 1000.00 agreed to in the union contracts. That means 2 thousand dollar bonuses. » www.cnbc.com/2017/12/20/ ··· ees.html Will dslreports ever get away from being a political propaganda machine. ( yea a little research from someone writing stories might be nice).In Wednesday's announcement, AT&T noted its track record of creating U.S. jobs. Earlier this year, thousands of AT&T workers, members of the Communications Workers of America union, went on strike over issues like job security and outsourcing. Many AT&T workers already expected to receive 10 percent raises and $1,000 lump-sum back wages as a result of an agreement announced last week.AT&T told CNBC the bonuses announced on Wednesday are above and beyond any existing agreements, which means some workers would get two $1,000 allocations: One with a new contract, and one when the tax reform bill is signed. copy and pasted Like i said nothing to see here accept dslreports attempt at being a political propaganda machine. What is new is the fact they put a extra billion dollars into the budget for upgrades along with the 1000.00 bonuses and that was thanks to tax reform. Yea i will wait for all the thumbs down instead of actual facts. It's what propaganda machines produce. Might also add that 1 billion dollars equates to 7000 american jobs (per MSNBC). But hey no need to let facts get in your propaganda agendas way.In a nutshell, your whole story is hogwash. Must be eyeing a career at CNN. Just once it would be nice to see a story written without political bias. Maybe the fact that it is a extra 1000.00 and it is a extra billion dollars or 7000 american jobs. Pretty sad actually considering even CNBC doesnt see it your way.. you really need to up your game to land a job at CNN. Tch81
join:2015-08-10 11 recommendations Tch81 Member Ummm Well that's one way to say Merry Christmas...
Anon61366
@2600:1005.x 7 recommendations Anon61366 Anon at&t = fewer jobs, slower speeds Every quarter at&t surpluses American jobs and have for years. It is more efficient to stop updating DSL than to update DSL. It is more efficient to buy another company than to make the current one successful. They can close a call center in Birmingham, Alabama and reopen it elsewhere, get a new tax incentive package in the new city, claim job creation, get rid of older workers, and hire cheaper employees. It's a win win for America? Right?
WHT
join:2010-03-26
Rosston, TX 5 recommendations WHT Member "eclipsed reality" says Karl I say glide angle of a brick.
cralt
join:2011-01-07
CT ·Frontier Communi..
4 recommendations cralt Member horse and buggy hiring on other lines of business. They even say this in some of the linked stories. .
IF your working in DBS, twisted pair, or a voice call center chances are your going to be out of a job no matter what sooner or later. Its all dying tech.
Its amazing how people get upset at ATT when we all know no one here is signing up for POTS.
Most people prefer chat for tech support/billing issues.
And we all understand on-demand TV is the future and can't be done over DBS.
ATT is cutting back DBS, copper, and voice call center jobs. Stuff thats going away. They areThey even say this in some of the linked stories. .IF your working in DBS, twisted pair, or a voice call center chances are your going to be out of a job no matter what sooner or later. Its all dying tech.Its amazing how people get upset at ATT when we all know no one here is signing up for POTS.Most people prefer chat for tech support/billing issues.And we all understand on-demand TV is the future and can't be done over DBS.
Share this...
The DPA German press agency reported yesterday on the rapidly spreading energy poverty now engulfing the country.
The main driver is Germany's skyrocketing electricity prices – primarily due to the legally mandatory feeding-in of wind and solar power. Currently regular household consumers are paying nearly 30 cents a kilowatt-hour – almost three times the rate paid in the USA.
Germany's energy poverty. Over 330,000 German households saw their electric power service cut off in 2015. Photo cropped here.
Back to the 19th century
Many households are no longer able to afford electricity and are seeing themselves catapulted back to the 19th century. According to t-online.de here, “More than 330,000 households in Germany have seen their electricity cut off over the past year alone.”
The German site writes that those hit the hardest are households on welfare, i.e. society's poorest and most vulnerable.
German politician Eva Bulling-Schröter of the Left Party has called it “a silent catastrophe“.
Not only have the poor been broadsided by the high electricity prices, but so have energy intensive industries. This all makes many average workers uneasy. Over the past years a number of German plants have been moving their operations to less expensive locations abroad, especially in the chemical industry. Traditional power companies have also been getting creamed, seeing billions of losses and thousands of layoffs.
6.2 million threats to cut off service were made!
T-online cites the German Bundesnetzagentur, adding that in 2015 also 44,000 households saw their natural gas turned off. T-online adds that millions more have been threatened with the loss of electric power: “Power cut-offs were threatened 6.2 million times. The average outstanding amount that electricity providers demanded from the impacted households was 119 euros.”
According to Bulling-Schröter: “Energy poverty in Germany is a silent catastrophe for millions of people, especially in the cold and dark winter months.”
T-online.de calls letting hundreds of thousands of “children, the elderly, and the sick” go without power while the country posts record electricity exports an “injustice” and that the German government “does not want to see the energy poverty” that is rampant throughout the country.
By Olumide
Recently, the Schomburg Center in Harlem held its Third Annual Black Comic Book Festival. This event featured panel discussions, film screenings and workshops. Many artists and writers from across the country participated and displayed tables featuring their work. The festival is presented by the Schomburg's Junior Scholars Program and co-produced by artists Jerry Craft and John Jennings.
Andre LeRoy Davis
Delia Gable
For decades, black people have had to deal with disgusting, negative, stereotypical depictions of themselves. This was not only in films, but in comics and cartoons as well. Fortunately, many more are at least now, controlling their own images.
Mshindo Kuumba
Sheeba Maya
Successful comics and animated series like The Boondocks and Black Dynamite, have brought more attention to black comic creators and black characters. Despite this fact, many still haven't received the mainstream attention and notoriety that they deserve.
Micheline Hess
Writer and creator, Alex Simmons, was one of the participants at the event. He discussed how he has contributed and helped bring more diversity to the already established and iconic comic book Archie.
Alex Simmons
Alex Simmons: I started working for Archie in 2007. One of the first stories I did for them was Archie World Tour. I got to diversify the group a bit by taking them out of the country to Europe, to Africa, and to add additional characters like a new professor, Mr. Adams, who's African American. He helps to organize this journey, so they go to five different cities in ten days and there's an educational thing but there is also some fun. They get involved in a mystery where spies are following them. It was extremely enjoyable for me to do. That was the beginning of my journey with Archie comics.
Simmons also discussed why he created and wrote, his own comic book series, Blackjack.
AS: I grew up reading and watching a lot of films, movies, and stories, about the 30s and 40s. In a lot of the adventure films, we were either not in them or we were servants, or porters on trains and so forth. Yet I know historically, we had been sailors, soldiers, mercenaries, and explorers. So at a certain point in my life, I wanted to create a character who is African American having those adventures, and yet have it be for all audiences.
Jamar Nicholas
The Schomburg Center is famous for its extensive archives of material pertaining to the history of the African Diaspora and is primarily a research library. In fact, the center has a vast comic book and comic strips archive in their collection.
Having an event like this at the Schomburg not only exposes more people to black artists who you may not be that familiar with, but it also gives credence to the fact that comic books definitely belong in our educational institutions. It emphasizes the fact that comics have an intellectual and cultural impact that one cannot deny.
The Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture is located at 515 Malcolm X Boulevard New York, NY, 10037
Olumide was born and raised in East Harlem, New York City. He loves talking and blogging about comics, food, travel, films, and music. He is also a musician and filmmaker and produced a documentary about the late Al Feldstein (former editor of Mad Magazine and co-creator of some of the most popular titles of the E.C. Comics line). Olumide is also in the process of writing a yet to be titled web series.
About Hannah Means Shannon Editor-in-Chief at Bleeding Cool. Independent comics scholar and former English Professor. Writing books on magic in the works of Alan Moore and the early works of Neil Gaiman.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
The past 9 months I visited a lot of VMUG's, UserCons and both VMworlds and in most cases to present. One of the things that I noticed is that particularly at VMworlds, End-User Computing is getting a bigger stage. Workspace ONE is pretty hot and most likely the biggest reason for this. At VMUG's and UserCon's at the other hand, it is still a black sheep. The main reason is of course that VMware was a manufacturer of infrastructure-management software (of which the hypervisor was the biggest part) and user groups that were created around these products were also focussed on infra stuff. Still great events that I will continue to visit and hopefully be part of as a speaker.
As the popularity of the VMware Workspace ONE Suite and all of it's products (such as VMware Horizon, Identity Manager, App Volumes, User Environment Manager and AirWatch) rises, I feel it is time in the Netherlands to create a specific event and supporting user group for this goal. The VMware EUC TechCon (vEUCTechCon) is born!
On the 2nd of November, the first edition of this annual event will take place in Utrecht at the Inn-Style venue. The event is organised by myself, together with some community and VMware friends and will be a day filled with just technical stuff, no marketechture. Spencer Pitts (Chief Technologist EUC at VMware) will start off the day with a great keynote about the vision of VMware's EUC products.
Yours truly will be part of the agenda as well as I will present my session on integrating VMware Horizon with Identity Manager including a lot of live demo's of for instance TrueSSO, VMware Verify and Workspace ONE Mode. In case you missed it at VMworld Barcelona, this is your next chance to check it out.
Take a look at the rest of the agenda filled with great sessions of guys like Rob Beekmans, Sven Huisman and Dennis Sigmond at the vEUCTechCon site: https://veuctechcon.nl/agenda/
If you haven't registered yet, please do so as space is limited and it's only one month before the event.
You can also follow all news around the event on the Twitter channel.
Hope to see you guys there!
UPDATE 11:30 a.m.: A press release from Sen. Lamar Alexander's office confirms that legislation has been introduced to name the new federal courthouse after Sen. Fred Thompson.
"U.S. Senators Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) and Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) along with U.S. Representatives Diane Black (R-Tenn.), Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.), Steve Cohen (D-Tenn.), Scott DesJarlais (R-Tenn.), John J. Duncan, Jr. (R-Tenn.), Stephen Fincher (R-Tenn.), Chuck Fleischmann (R-Tenn.) and Phil Roe (R-Tenn.) today introduced a bill to name the new Nashville federal courthouse in honor of former U.S. Sen. Fred Thompson."
The one absence from the list? Nashville's congressman, Rep. Jim Cooper.
Original article: Are Sen. Lamar Alexander and Sen. Bob Corker are pushing for the new federal courthouse in Nashville to be named after deceased Sen. Fred Thompson? It appears so.
A D.C. and a Nashville source both told the Scene that the Tennessee senators will introduce legislation tomorrow to name the new building, now that the project is moving forward. Environmental work will start on Friday, with demolition work soon after as the project targets a 2021 completion date.
An Alexander spokesman would not confirm.
"That's a matter member of the Tennessee congressional delegation will have to discuss and they haven't had that discussion yet," Jim Jeffries said on Tuesday.
The current Estes Kefauver Federal Building and Courthouse on Broadway, named for the late Democratic senator, was completed in 1952 and the adjoining annex in 1974. It has been a candidate for replacement for the last two decades, but funding was secured only last year. Both Alexander and Rep. Jim Cooper have pushed for the new courthouse for years.
Cooper, though, seems cool to the idea and instead offers a populist alternative: "Why not have a naming contest? Let the people of Middle Tennessee decide," Cooper tells the Scene.
The move to name the building after Thompson is likely to raise eyebrows in Nashville for a number of reasons. Although Thompson, who died in November of last year, served a variety of prominent public service roles before becoming senator in 1994, including minority counsel to the Senate Watergate Committee in 1973-74, he is better known for his time outside of Capitol Hill.
He balanced a lucrative legal and lobbying career with steady roles as a character actor in movies and on TV, playing a grizzled naval admiral in The Hunt For Red October and a conservative District Attorney on Law & Order franchises. In a 2007 interview, he told the New York Times that he had always felt that the Senate "was never meant to be the place where I would stay for my entire career." He ran for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination, but dropped out after finishing third in South Carolina.
Notably, it would be a building named for a Republican in a city that is largely Democratic and served by Cooper, who Thompson beat in his initial Senate run.
A resolution is expected on Thursday.
Peter Moores has been working as a consultant with Nottinghamshire © Getty Images
Peter Moores has turned down the chance of becoming Pakistan coach. Moores, the former England coach, was approached by the PCB but, after discussions, decided not to pursue the opportunity before a formal offer was made.
While tempted by the chance to return to international coaching, Moores was reluctant to commit to long periods away from his family. "I was hugely flattered to be approached," Moores told ESPNcricinfo. "And I was very tempted by such a prestigious role with an exciting team.
"But having thought about it deeply, I don't think it is the right time for me or my family. I have committed myself to a consultancy role with Nottinghamshire and I am enjoying spending time with my kids as they grow up."
Moores was sacked from his role as England coach for the second time almost exactly 12 months ago. While his reputation took a battering in the media following England's poor World Cup campaign in 2015, it is clear that he is still highly thought of within the game. Both Alastair Cook and Joe Root publically credited Moores for his influence in the aftermath of England's Ashes win last year and Nottinghamshire's form improved dramatically after he joined in a consultancy role last year.
After failing to win any of their first five Championship matches - and only one of their first eight - Notts were bottom of Division One at the start of July. But after Moores joined, they won 14 and drew two of their remaining 20 matches across all competitions including five out of six in the Championship.
He previously coached both Sussex and Lancashire to the County Championship title, forming an especially productive partnership with Mushtaq Ahmed, currently head of Pakistan's National Cricket Academy, during the spell at Sussex. Moores' son, Tom, is a 19-year-old wicketkeeper batsman who represented England in the U-19 World Cup and recently joined the staff at Nottinghamshire.
Waqar Younis stepped down at Pakistan coach almost a month ago after two years in the role. His scathing report into poor discipline within the squad - and his less than flattering views on the leadership skills of Shahid Afridi - were subsequently leaked to the media, while he cited conflicts at board level as another issue inhibiting the team's progress.
The coaching role is understood to be based in Lahore, though Pakistan are likely to continue to play their home games in the UAE for the foreseeable future.
George Dobell is a senior correspondent at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
The man who approached the Northwest Orient Airlines counter on the afternoon of November 24, 1971, said his name was Dan Cooper (“D.B.” was a distortion that later appeared in the press). He asked for a one-way ticket from Portland, Oregon to Seattle, Washington—and used cash to pay for it. Wearing a dark suit, he sat in the rear of the plane, lit a cigarette and ordered a bourbon and soda. Shortly after Flight 305 took off, Cooper gave a flight attendant a note saying he had a bomb, then showed her something inside a cheap attaché case that did, indeed, resemble a bomb.
Cooper's demands were simple: $200,000 and four parachutes. When the flight landed in Seattle, Cooper allowed the authorities to evacuate the other 36 passengers and some of the crew in exchange for the money and parachutes. According to Cooper's instructions, the plane then took off again, heading toward Mexico City at a low altitude. Somewhere between Seattle and Reno, Nevada, Cooper jumped out of the plane into a driving thunderstorm and sub-zero air temperatures, wearing only a thin suit, a raincoat and wraparound sunglasses. The pilots landed the plane safely, but Cooper was never seen again.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
According to eyewitness accounts, Cooper was a white man in his forties, between 5 feet, 10 inches and 6 feet tall and weighing 170 to 180 pounds, with brown eyes. The FBI followed thousands of leads to find Cooper, considering more than 800 suspects in the five years following the incident. Over the years, several suspects have been seriously considered—including Kenneth Christiansen, who worked for the airline and was an experienced paratrooper—and eliminated for various reasons. To this day, it is the only unsolved skyjacking case in American aviation history.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Date Sat, 13 Jul 2013 11:55:03 -0700 From Greg KH <> Subject Linux 3.10.1 I'm announcing the release of the 3.10.1 kernel.
All users of the 3.10 kernel series must upgrade.
The updated 3.10.y git tree can be found at:
git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git linux-3.10.y
and can be browsed at the normal kernel.org git web browser:
http://git.kernel.org/?p=linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git;a=summary
thanks,
greg k-h
------------
MAINTAINERS | 1 +
Makefile | 2 +-
arch/x86/kvm/vmx.c | 11 +++++++++--
block/genhd.c | 2 +-
crypto/algapi.c | 3 ++-
drivers/block/nbd.c | 3 ++-
drivers/cdrom/cdrom.c | 2 +-
drivers/cpufreq/cpufreq_stats.c | 1 +
drivers/power/charger-manager.c | 2 +-
drivers/scsi/osd/osd_uld.c | 2 +-
drivers/scsi/sd.c | 2 +-
drivers/tty/serial/8250/8250_pci.c | 4 ----
drivers/tty/tty_io.c | 2 ++
fs/ceph/xattr.c | 9 +++++----
fs/hpfs/map.c | 3 ++-
fs/hpfs/super.c | 8 +++++++-
fs/nfs/nfs4state.c | 23 +++++++++++------------
fs/nfsd/nfs4xdr.c | 2 +-
include/linux/ceph/decode.h | 5 -----
include/linux/hugetlb.h | 16 ++++++++++++++++
kernel/futex.c | 3 ++-
kernel/module.c | 34 ++++++++++++++++++----------------
mm/hugetlb.c | 17 +++++++++++++++++
mm/memcontrol.c | 2 --
net/ceph/auth_none.c | 6 ++++++
25 files changed, 108 insertions(+), 57 deletions(-)
Andy Adamson (1):
NFSv4.1 end back channel session draining
Ben Hutchings (1):
SCSI: sd: Fix parsing of 'temporary ' cache mode prefix
Gleb Natapov (1):
KVM: VMX: mark unusable segment as nonpresent
Greg Kroah-Hartman (3):
MAINTAINERS: add stable_kernel_rules.txt to stable maintainer information
Revert "serial: 8250_pci: add support for another kind of NetMos Technology PCI 9835 Multi-I/O Controller"
Linux 3.10.1
J. Bruce Fields (1):
nfsd4: fix decoding of compounds across page boundaries
Jonathan Salwan (1):
drivers/cdrom/cdrom.c: use kzalloc() for failing hardware
Josh Durgin (1):
libceph: fix invalid unsigned->signed conversion for timespec encoding
Kees Cook (3):
charger-manager: Ensure event is not used as format string
block: do not pass disk names as format strings
crypto: sanitize argument for format string
Michal Hocko (1):
Revert "memcg: avoid dangling reference count in creation failure"
Mikulas Patocka (1):
hpfs: better test for errors
Peter Hurley (1):
tty: Reset itty for other pty
Rusty Russell (1):
module: do percpu allocation after uniqueness check. No, really!
Srivatsa S. Bhat (1):
cpufreq: Fix cpufreq regression after suspend/resume
Tyler Hicks (1):
libceph: Fix NULL pointer dereference in auth client code
Zhang Yi (1):
futex: Take hugepages into account when generating futex_key
majianpeng (1):
ceph: fix sleeping function called from invalid context.
[unhandled content-type:application/pgp-signature]
Just a little over a year ago, Rep. John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) took to the House floor to warn America of the perils facing seniors if Democrats' healthcare reform bill wasn't stopped.
“Can you go home and tell your senior citizens that these cuts in Medicare will not limit their access to doctors or further weaken the program instead of strengthening it? No, you cannot,” the then-minority leader said last March.
Fast-forward 13 months, and Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE — now the Speaker of the House — is singing a different tune.
ADVERTISEMENT
Tasked with defending Rep. Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE's (R-Wis.) proposal to replace Medicare with subsidies to buy private insurance, Boehner told ABC News that the blueprint “transforms Medicare into a plan that's very similar to the president's own healthcare bill.”
If Boehner can be accused of shifting his rhetoric, so too can some Democrats.
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius Kathleen SebeliusIs a presidential appointment worth the risk? New Dem Kansas gov reinstates protections for LGBT state employees Next Kansas governor to reinstate LGBT protections for state workers MORE echoed GOP complaints about the Obama healthcare law when she said Americans would “die sooner” under the Ryan plan.
Of course, political opportunism is nothing new in Washington. Nor is the occasional policy flip-flop.
But the brazenness with which lawmakers are changing their rhetoric to woo seniors has amazed even longtime Washington hands, who can't recall such a rapid — and complete — role-reversal.
On the following pages, The Hill has collected a series of examples of what each side said about the Democrats' healthcare reform plan and the Republicans' Medicare reform plan.
Click through to see the evolution of the talking points in the healthcare debate.
THEN & NOW:
The effects of reform | On rationing | Electoral consequences
Life or death (part 1) | Life or death (part 2) | "Granny"
Scare tactics | Asking for civility | "Grown up" solutions
SO CLOSE, and yet so far. We are now pretty certain that there are billions of Earth-like planets in our galaxy – rocky worlds about the same size as ours, orbiting similar stars at similar distances. Ideal places to search for alien life. The nearest may be a mere 12 light years away, too far to visit but certainly close enough to take a look (see “Fake planets reveal distance to Earth's nearest twin“).
Unfortunately, we can't look – at least not yet. The discovery is extracted from data collected by the Kepler Space Telescope, which malfunctioned in May. There may be more surprises buried in Kepler's data, but its Earthlike-planet-spotting days are over.
Still, the finding bolsters the belief that we are just a few years away from a truly jaw-dropping discovery. Kepler's successor, the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite, is due to launch in 2017. It will scour the sky for small rocky worlds around nearby stars, and is expected to find hundreds. Future instruments such as the James Webb Space Telescope and the proposed StarShade mission will follow up these discoveries, probing the planets' atmospheres for signs of life.
The idea that there might be another living planet a few light years from home, orbiting a star visible with the naked eye, is a tantalising prospect. For better or worse, the odds are stacked against that. But we can be pretty confident that, if life is common in the universe, we will have found signs of it by the middle of the next decade.
This article appeared in print under the headline “We're closer than ever to spotting ET”
City Coach, Adrian Heath, said the team is ready to rebound against the New England Revolution this Sunday after a controversial finish in Philadelphia.
Notably absent from City's lineup during the loss were Cyle Larin and Cristian Higuita as well as defender, Tommy Redding. All sat out due to injury. Brek Shea was also absent but due to the fact that he was serving his one game suspension. Coach Heath said he is hopeful to see all of them back in action Sunday against the Revolution.
“Cyle, we are hopeful he is going to be okay. Tommy Redding, we are hopeful he's going to be okay. Cristian Higuita, obviously Brek who's back in… We are hopeful they will be available for Sunday,” Heath said.
Despite all of the setbacks, Coach Heath said that the extended time between games has been helpful in their preparation during training.
“Last week we had a small week and couldn't do a lot. This week, we can actually get plenty of work into the players,” Heath said.
With the roster looking stronger and the game looming in the distance, Coach Heath offers his thoughts before the team takes the pitch.
“I look forward to the game. You know, I think that it's always been a really good game against New England. I think they're a really good team. So I know it's going to be tough for us but I am looking forward to it.”
Orlando City takes on the New England Revolution this Sunday, April 17, at 3:30pm in the Orlando Citrus Bowl.
In John 10:14-16, Jesus says,
I am the good shepherd; I know my own and my own know me, as the Father knows me and I know the Father; and I lay down my life for the sheep. And I have other sheep, that are not of this fold; I must bring them also, and they will heed my voice. So there shall be one flock, one shepherd.
Catholics and Protestants tend to interpret this passage in very different ways, and it makes a world of difference.
I. The Anti-Church Interpretation
One popular Protestant interpretation is that, since the sheep hear the Shepherd's voice, we have no need for the Church or any other authority.
Of course, the argument's not generally presented this explicitly. Often, it's painted in terms of this passage's alleged support for the self-authentication of Scripture, the idea that Scripture proves itself to be true, and therefore requires no other authority. As an individual believer, I can know that the Bible is the word of God, because I'm a sheep who hears the Good Shepherd's voice. So, for example, Dr. Joe Mizzi refers to this verse in answering the question “How do you know that the books of Scripture are inspired?“:
Ultimately, I came to the full assurance that the Bible is the Word of God by the work of the Holy Spirit in my heart; for I, blinded by sin, could not perceive the light of the glory of Christ revealed in Scripture. He opened my eyes that I might see the beauty of His Word. Being one of His sheep, I hear the voice of my Shepherd. Or, if you like, being a child of the Father, I recognize my Father's voice.
So Dr. Mizzi is a Christian, and therefore, he can read the Bible and know that it's inspired. And not just that it's inspired, but which Books belong in the Bible, and which don't. C. Matthew McMahon explains the implications of this doctrine in Volume 2 of The Reformed Apprentice:
Self-authentication is something that Christians can witness over and against non-Christians. It goes back to, “my sheep hear my voice.” What that means is non-Christians cannot in and of themselves hear the Shepherd's voice and therefore cannot be the rule by which the canon of the Bible is determined. Instead, the Bible is authenticated by itself and recognized by the Christians that read it. In our study so far, the Reformed Apprentice must recognize that being a believer is necessary to having the tools by which a self-authenticating scriptural document is recognized.
John Piper and numerous other Protestant pastors lean on this verse to make it say that Scripture teaches that Scripture is Scripture… even though in context, Jesus isn't speaking about Scripture at all.
What are the implications of this interpretation?
To avoid acknowledging the Church's infallibility, this invents individual infallibility. In other words, you can't trust the Catholic Church to get the canon of Scripture right, because the Church is fallible. But you can trust me to get the canon of Scripture right, because I'm a sheep who hears the Shepherd's voice. And every other true believer is equally infallible. It means that anyone who gets the canon of Scripture wrong isn't a true believer. As McMahon writes, “the Bible is authenticated by itself and recognized by the Christians that read it,” while “non-Christians cannot in and of themselves hear the Shepherd's voice.” As Christ said in John 10:26, “you do not believe, because you do not belong to my sheep.” So if your Bible has a different number of books in it than mine does, then you must not be a Christian.If you're using the “I'm a sheep” argument to justify your canon of Scripture, you can't disagree with this point, because it would require admitting that someone could be saved, could earnestly seek the truth, and still get the canon of Scripture wrong… the very conclusion this argument tries to avoid. If you're going to say that all Christians can know the canon from hearing the voice of Jesus, then it follows that all those who don't agree with your canon (or who agree with your canon, but without hearing the voice of Jesus) aren't Christians. But this forces you into arguing that Catholics and Orthodox aren't real Christians, since if we were, we would have the 66-book canon. And, of course, it's not just modern believers that you'll have to excommunicate… This standard disqualifies every Christian before the Reformation. The 66-book Protestant Bible didn't exist before the Reformation. Even those Christians who thought that it should be the canon, like St. Jerome and Rufinus, (a) didn't actually have a 66-book canon, and (b) didn't base their argument off of this “I'm a sheep” line of argumentation. Rather, they based their arguments off of things like the Jewish canon at the time, and a mystical interpretation of the 22 books in the Hebrew Bible and the 22 letters of the Hebrew alphabet. But Protestants employing this “I'm a sheep” argument can't accept these arguments, since “non-Christians cannot in and of themselves hear the Shepherd's voice and therefore cannot be the rule by which the canon of the Bible is determined.”So you can't just excommunicate modern Catholics and Orthodox. You've also got to toss out the Christians who defined the Trinitarian doctrines, the New Testament canon, who solved the Christological controversies for you, etc. Apparently, they weren't Christians, and so you can't trust their judgment. Oh, and while you're at it, make sure to throw out Luther and Calvin, since neither of them believed in the 66-book Protestant canon, either. This blasphemes Christ. Many Catholics respond to these arguments that Catholics aren't Christians by pointing out how rude and uncharitable it is. I hate that response, because it doesn't address the truth or falsity of the thing. If someone is a member of a non-Christian group presenting itself as Christian, the most charitable thing you can do is draw them back to Christ.No, the problem with this whole “Catholics aren't Christians” argument is that it's blasphemous. All “total apostasy” claims are. In Luke 15:1-7, Jesus again compares Himself to a shepherd with a hundred sheep. When one goes missing, He leaves the ninety-nine to go after the lost one until He finds it. He then “lays it on his shoulders, rejoicing. And when he comes home, he calls together his friends and his neighbors, saying to them, ‘Rejoice with me, for I have found my sheep which was lost.'” (Lk. 15:5-6).Total apostasy theories, in contrast, say that Christ lost His whole flock , that all 100 went astray and that He failed (or declined) to bring any of them back. That's not just an indictment of the errant flock; it's an attack on the Shepherd. As Christ tells us, a shepherd who sees the wolf coming, and lets him snatch and scatter the sheep is unworthy to even be called a shepherd (John 10:12). To say that the entire Church disappeared, that the entire flock of Christ was lost, is to say that the Good Shepherd ceased to be Shepherd, or was never anything more than a hireling.
II. The Pro-Church Interpretation
A better interpretation of John 10 is that Christ isn't promising this clarity to every individual sheep, but to the sheep collectively… and through the Church. It's true that He promises that the sheep will hear His voice, but He also sends out the 72 saying that “He who hears you hears me, and he who rejects you rejects me, and he who rejects me rejects him who sent me.” So when we listen to the Church, we listen to Christ. And that's the mark of being a faithful sheep: our fidelity to our earthly shepherds, the ones that Christ promised us in Jeremiah 3:15 (“And I will give you shepherds after my own heart, who will feed you with knowledge and understanding”).
Let's return to Christ's words in John 10:16, “I have other sheep, that are not of this fold; I must bring them also, and they will heed my voice. So there shall be one flock, one shepherd.” His meaning here is clear. When He speaks of “this [sheep]fold,” He means Israel. When He speaks of His “other sheep,” He means the faithful Gentiles. And when He promises to incorporate them into a single flock, He's speaking of the Church.
In doing so, He's repudiating the Protestant vision of an “invisible Church.” That's the idea that all Christians are one simply by virtue of shared faith in Christ, and so corporate reunion is neither necessary nor possible (nor, in some views, even advisable). So we're “one Church,” but we aren't one ecclesial body, and we preach contradictory creeds. The Eucharist is either Jesus Christ or idolatry. Marian veneration is either the respect due our Mother, or idolatry. The priesthood and Sacraments are either critical for our salvation or un-Christian accretions.
But of course, that isn't what Jesus was speaking of. The faithful Jews, Samaritans, and Gentiles already had that kind of union: a union in which you disagree with each other, and sometimes hate each other's guts, but are still seeking the same God. So any vision of Church that subs Catholics and Orthodox and Protestants as modern-day Jews and Samaritans and Gentiles is a Biblically-weak vision of the Church. Christ promises us more: that we won't just have one shepherd, but that we'll actually become one flock. Later in John's Gospel, He'll go even further, praying that we may have the radical communion found within the Trinity Itself (John 17:20-23). At a bare minimum, this means a single, unified visible Church with a single Creed, “of one heart and soul,” like the early Church (Acts 4:32).
This is a ringing endorsement of the Catholic Church, and of her necessity. And this gives us a great rubric for our own spiritual journey. If you find yourself breaking off from the other 99 sheep, it's because you're the one who is lost. And this same logic applies whether it's 33 A.D., or 1517, or 2015, or some point in the far distant future. You can't both break off from the Church and follow the Shepherd's will for your life. Hear in this the voice of our common Shepherd calling you to rejoin the flock.
Greetings from the playtest laboratory! We are one week in to the Advanced Class Guide Playtest, and we are already getting a lot of great feedback and playtest data. Every week from now until the playtest's end on December 17th, we are going to be giving you our thoughts on the state of the playtest and give you some hints of the direction we are taking some of these classes.
This being the first week, we are only just starting to adjust some class mechanics and look at making some shifts in how things work. Most of these will take a bit longer to make it to your table, but sometime in the next few weeks we are hoping to rerelease the playtest PDFs with all of our revisions incorporated into the classes. It is our hope to get some feedback on these revisions before the playtest window comes to a close.
So, without further delay, here are some of the changes we are considering or are in the process of implementing. Feel free to comment on these changes in the thread attached to this post, but any serious discussion should occur in the class thread for each individual class (located in the Class forum).
Arcanist
As mentioned on the boards, the arcanist is going through a serious round of redesign. While the core casting mechanic of this class is going to remain pretty much as it currently stands, the blood focus ability is being replaced by an arcane reservoir that the arcanist to call upon to create magical effects and tinker with the spells and effects of others. They can refuel this pool by consuming spell slots or even other magic items and spell effects. In essence, the arcanist is becoming the "hacker" of magic, capable of pulling it apart and putting it back together to accomplish their goals. We are hoping to rerelease the arcanist in the next few days.
Bloodrager
We are generally happy with the direction of this class, but it needs some tweaks. We are seriously contemplating giving the class its own spell list to help it better fulfill its role in the game. In addition, we are looking at pulling some of the more direct barbarian abilities to replace them with something a bit more in tune with the class. Refinement of the various bloodlines will be much of our focus, making sure they are in tune with the overall balance of the class.
Brawler
The brawler is getting a few revisions and tweaks in the coming weeks. The capstone ability of the class is going to be replaced with something far more interesting than the current ability (although we are not quite ready to show that off just yet). The knockout ability will gain a number of uses per day, scaling with level. We are also going to change up the brawlers weapon list, giving it all simple weapons, plus any weapon on the "close" weapon group from the fighter. Of course, you will be able to use all those weapons with the brawler's flurry ability.
Hunter
We are looking at a lot of different options for the hunter, the biggest of which is giving a boost to the hunter's animal companion. We really want to see the class working in tandem with its companion in a way that we just have not done with any other class. We are looking at buffing up the hunter's ranged capabilities as well. Expect to see a number of teamwork feats in the final book that work specifically with an animal companion as well. Of course we are looking at a few other issues as well, such as the restrictions on armor and shields and increasing the duration and use of the animal focus ability.
Investigator
The design team is looking to move this class a little bit away from the rogue, possibly by replacing sneak attack with an ability that is more in line with the theme of the class. We are also looking into changing the poison use ability to make it something that allows the investigator to identify poisons, their effects, and neutralize them. Finally, there are going to be more talents allowing them to use more of their skills as well as some new effects we are not quite ready to talk about just yet.
Shaman
Overall, we are pretty happy with the direction the shaman is taking, but there are some adjustments we are investigating. The first of which is changing the class to work off the druid spell list, as this fits the theme better than the witch or cleric list. In addition, we are looking into adding a bit more the hexes for each spirit and possibly adjusting how those hexes are used.
Skald
The biggest change on the horizon with the skald involves how the raging song is used in play, allowing characters to drop out of participating if they want. We are also looking at making the raging song work in tandem with other rage abilities in a limited way. In addition, we are thinking about adding a number of weapon proficiencies to the class to bring it a bit closer to its theme.
Slayer
We are looking at ways to make favored target a bit easier to use and a bit more versatile. We are also looking at bringing the class up to 6 skill ranks per level (it currently has 4 per level). Other than that, most of our upcoming revisions involve greatly expanding the number of talents that you can choose from, allowing you to build the slayer you want to play.
Swashbuckler
We are investigating ways for the class to get Weapon Finesse at an appropriate level and to work with Combat Expertise. In addition, we are looking at adding some deeds and increase the swashbucklers mobility during battle, allowing them to stand up without provoking an attack and charge without having to move in a straight line. We are still working on how those play with existing deeds and what changes would need to happen to get them to fit into the advancement scheme.
Warpriest
Finally we get to the warpriest. We are looking at strengthening the role of this class by taking it a bit away from the cleric's position. While we want the class to be among the best at healing and casting spells on itself and we are investigating a mechanic to let it do just that (probably in place of channel energy). We are also looking into a new class feature that allows the warpriest to be an effective combatant with the favored weapon of its deity, regardless of what weapon is favored by their deity. Look for increased damage and additional effects depending on the type of weapon and its role in the game.
By the end of this century, the romance of Venice might be a lot closer to Boston than you'd expect — like just off Storrow Drive.
A report scheduled to be released Tuesday about preparing Boston for climate change suggests that building canals through the Back Bay neighborhood would help it withstand water levels that could rise as much as 7 feet by 2100. Some roads and public alleys, such as Clarendon Street, could be turned into narrow waterways, the report suggests, allowing the neighborhood to absorb the rising sea with clever engineering projects that double as public amenities.
The canal system was among the more imaginative solutions offered by some of the city's leading planning, architecture, and engineering firms in a report compiled by the local chapter of the Urban Land Institute.
Advertisement
Other suggestions include raising the Harborwalk, which rings the waterfront, to act as a stronger barrier for nearby buildings, adding breakwaters in the harbor, and creating wetlands that would act as sponges during periods of high water.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The authors said the ideas are intended to show how the region can respond creatively to the dramatic effects of climate change.
“This is a change that's coming whether we want it or not,” said Dennis Carlberg, director of sustainability at Boston University, who helped compile the report. “Instead of being afraid of the problem, we need to embrace it and think about opportunities it offers us.”
Climate scientists argue that climate change is no longer an abstract idea and that in the space of a single life span, parts of coastal Boston could be underwater.
By 2100, climate scientists predict, sea levels around Boston will rise as much as 7.5 feet; in just a few decades water levels will be 2.5 feet higher than they are today. That could mean significant flooding not only during big storms but twice daily during high tides, as well as at times of normal rainfall.
Advertisement
The precise amount of sea- level rise is uncertain, but state and municipal leaders say they are taking the threat seriously, even if they are not yet at the stage of redesigning whole neighborhoods.
“We're not going to start digging the canals tomorrow,” said Brian Swett, Boston's chief of energy, environment, and open space. “But the report makes the important point that you can't solve 6 feet of sea level rise simply by building a bigger dam on the Charles River.”
Boston, Cambridge, and other municipalities are working on climate change ideas to address the increased threat of coastal flooding. Earlier this year, Governor Deval Patrick's administration launched a $50 million effort to develop a statewide plan.
The Urban Land Institute, a national real estate association, held brainstorming sessions over the last several months involving more than 70 engineers, architects, and development and insurance specialists, among others, to examine how rising sea levels would affect four representative areas: the Back Bay, the Innovation District in South Boston, Revere Beach, and the Alewife section of Cambridge.
In addition to considering canals and higher sea walls, the group called on municipalities to discuss ways to raise money to prepare vulnerable areas and alter building and zoning rules to make way for inevitable flooding.
Advertisement
“We're at the point of really thinking what we need to do differently, given the future we're facing,” said John Bolduc, an environmental planner for the City of Cambridge. “We're all going to have to cope with more flooding.”
In the low-lying Alewife section, new residences might have to be concentrated into taller buildings with more space between them to make room for water infiltration. The report also suggested that retail shops be concentrated into a raised corridor to keep them above flood waters.
The Urban Land Institute encouraged Revere city officials to raise sidewalks along the beach above the flood plain to create opportunities for retail development and a more active boulevard for shoppers and beach-goers.
By far the most dramatic changes were suggested for the parts of Boston most vulnerable to rising sea levels. The report includes a rendering showing that much of the Innovation District would be inundated if water levels rise by 7.5 feet.
It proposed raising the Harborwalk by several feet and adding tidal landscaping, such as marsh grass. And instead of simply building a bigger barrier, the report calls for inlets, small canals, open spaces, and other ways to absorb and divert water as it courses inland.
Such an approach could also create space for additional retail shops along an elevated walkway or even a light rail line.
The threat facing the Back Bay is similarly dire if the sea rises to the upper levels that have been predicted. The Charles River Dam, designed in the 1970s, was built under the assumption that water levels would rise at a pace of a half-foot per century, a fraction of the rate currently predicted.
Arrowstreet and Halvorson Design The report proposed raising the Harborwalk by several feet and adding tidal landscaping, such as marsh grass.
That could mean significant flooding well before the end of the century in the Back Bay, which was mostly wetlands before city officials added landfill in the 19th century. Much of the neighborhood is just 4 feet above high tide. The Urban Land report suggested that a large network of canals could be constructed along streets to use the water in ways that evoke Amsterdam or Venice.
The canal system would run throughout the Back Bay, reaching as far as the Massachusetts Turnpike and turning major roads such as Storrow Drive into new waterways.
The system would also include flood-control gates and artificial wetlands, as well as bridges over the canals.
While they most certainly would take up many coveted parking spots, the canals would not only keep the flood waters at bay but provide a novel way to navigate the densely packed neighborhood.
“You have to look at ways to protect the value in our communities,” said Carlberg of Boston University.
“If you just build bigger dams to keep the water out of the Back Bay, you could end up with an unwalkable community. So this is one way to look at it differently.”
Related coverage
Casey Ross can be reached at cross@globe.com
Every Wednesday I write about web apps and browser add-ons or observations related to social networks. SUBSCRIBE RSS feed or email updates to follow these stories!
The default Google+ profile page's URL is too clumsy, by no means you can easily remember it and tell your friends. That's why many many people have worked out a large number of Google Plus URL shorteners to fill this gap. This is a summary of those I found and tried:
gplus.to = gplus.to/[your chosen username]
plus.ly = plus.ly/[your chosen username]
plusya.com = plusya.com/[your chosen username]
topl.us = topl.us/[your chosen username]
goplus.us = goplus.us/[your chosen username]
gplusnick.com = gplusnick.com/[your chosen username]
gplus.name = gplus.name/[your chosen username]
myplus.name = myplus.name/[your chosen username]
So which one should I use? Well, most of them are quite similar so I think you can simply choose whichever that has a pretty shortened URL. Some URL shorteners provide additional features, like Plusya.com which is also a social statistics tracker. Besides, you can also use traditional URL shorteners like bit.ly and goo.gl to create a shortened link to your Google+ profile page.
I'm sure that there are a lot more out there that I have never heard of. If you know anything not listed above, send it in please! I want to keep this resources list updated for Google+ users' reference.
Follow me on Google+ ===> Peter Mugi @ Cloud High Club
Read more articles about Google+ with this tag ===> “googleplus“
Researchers at Queen's University Belfast have discovered that music therapy reduces depression in children and adolescents with behavioural and emotional problems.
In the largest ever study of its kind, the researchers in partnership with the Northern Ireland Music Therapy Trust, found that children who received music therapy had significantly improved self-esteem and significantly reduced depression compared with those who received treatment without music therapy.
The study, which was funded by the Big Lottery fund, also found that those who received music therapy had improved communicative and interactive skills, compared to those who received usual care options alone.
251 children and young people were involved in the study which took place between March 2011 and May 2014. They were divided into two groups – 128 underwent the usual care options, while 123 were assigned to music therapy in addition to usual care. All were being treated for emotional, developmental or behavioural problems. Early findings suggest that the benefits are sustained in the long term.
Professor Sam Porter of the School of Nursing and Midwifery at Queen's University, who led the study, said: “This study is hugely significant in terms of determining effective treatments for children and young people with behavioural problems and mental health needs.”
Dr Valerie Holmes, Centre for Public Health, School of Medicine, Dentistry and Biomedical Sciences and co-researcher, added: “This is the largest study ever to be carried out looking at music therapy's ability to help this very vulnerable group, and is further evidence of how Queen's University is advancing knowledge and changing lives.”
Ciara Reilly, Chief Executive of the Northern Ireland Music Therapy Trust, said: “Music therapy has often been used with children and young people with particular mental health needs, but this is the first time its effectiveness has been shown by a definitive randomised controlled trial in a clinical setting. The findings are dramatic and underscore the need for music therapy to be made available as a mainstream treatment option. For a long time we have relied on anecdotal evidence and small-scale research findings about how well music therapy works. Now we have robust clinical evidence to show its beneficial effects.”
The research team will now look at the data to establish how cost-effective music therapy is in relation to other treatments.
The research findings will be presented at a conference in Riddel Hall at Queen's University Belfast today (Thursday 23 October 2014).
This piece of code will leak memory and eventually crash your Node.js process or browser:
// Tested on Node.js 7.10, Firefox 57 and Chrome 61 // // Usage of `setImmediate` is to prove that we have // async boundaries, can be removed for browsers // not supporting it. function signal ( i ) { return new Promise ( cb => setImmediate (() => cb ( i ))) } function loop ( n ) { return signal ( n ). then ( i => { if ( i % 1000 == 0 ) console . log ( i ) return loop ( n + 1 ) }) } loop ( 0 ). catch ( console . error )
→ Load Sample for Browser
It takes a while to fill GBs of heap, plus Node is less conservative, the GC eventually freezing the process trying to recover memory, so give it a few seconds.
This is equivalent with this async function:
async function loop ( n ) { const i = await signal ( n ) if ( i % 1000 == 0 ) console . log ( i ) // Recursive call return loop ( n + 1 ) }
Of course, if this loop would be synchronous, not using Promise or async / await , then the process would blow up with a stack overflow error because at the moment of writing JavaScript does not do tail calls optimizations (until everybody implements ECMAScript 6 fully at least).
But before you jump to conclusions, this has nothing to do with JavaScript's lack of TCO support. This is because in our recursive function it's not JavaScript's call stack that's managing that loop, but rather the Promise implementation. That recursive call is asynchronous and so it does not abuse the call stack by definition.
Unfortunately, just like a regular function using the call stack for those recursive calls, the Promise implementation is abusing the heap memory, not chaining then calls correctly. And that sample should not leak, the Promise implementation should be able to do the equivalent of TCO and in such a case eliminate frames in the then chain being created.
The Spec is The Problem
We're talking of the Promise/A+ specification. Relevant links to known issues on GitHub, explaining why:
Node.js issue, now closed: node/#6673 Promise/A+ spec issue, open since 2014: promises-spec/#179
As you'll see, there are some reasonable arguments for why the Promise implementation is allowed to leak memory. But I can't agree.
The Non-leaky Solution
The solution, if you insist on using JavaScript's Promise , is to work with non-recursive functions:
async function loop ( n ) { let i = 0 while ( true ) { i = await signal ( i + 1 ) if ( i % 1000 == 0 ) console . log ( i ) } }
But at this point any semblance of functional programming, if you ever had any, goes out the window, see below.
Common Objections
Gathering feedback from people, here are the common objections:
1. This is Normal
No, if you judge this implementation, relative to other Promise / Future implementations in the industry, which are setting expectations.
Here are the implementations that I know about that DO NOT leak memory:
Bluebird, probably the most popular non-standard Promise implementation for JavaScript Scala's standard Future, in the wild since 2013; the fix for the leaky flatMap chains was added by Rich Dougherty in this PR, inspired by Twitter's Future implementation Twitter's Future, which is used in all of Twitter's backend infrastructure, being integrated in Finagle Trane.io, a Java Future implementation providing a TailRec builder meant precissely for this use-case My very own Funfix Future and Monix CancelableFuture
Interestingly, complaints for Scala's Future happened due to usage of Play's Iteratees, with which people have been modeling stream processing.
2. But It Does Unlimited Chaining of Promises
Yes, that's why it's leaking memory.
No, the implementation should not chain promises like that and an alternative implementation is possible and well known, as evidenced by the implementations mentioned that don't leak.
The fault lies with the standard Promise implementation, not with the shown sample, being a legitimate use-case.
3. That Sample Does Not Use the Return Value
The sample is kept simple for didactic purposes, however:
you can easily imagine a loop that processes a very long stream of data, aggregating information along the way, returning a result later the script does do error handling and without that inner return , the .catch(console.error) would have no effect
4. That's the Equivalent of a Stack Overflow
Yes, I've mentioned this above, but just to set your mind at rest on this point, proper Tail-Calls Optimizations are coming for normal call sites, being part of ECMAScript, see:
You can't rely on it yet, but you can rest assured that in the future if that sample would be synchronous, it would not trigger a stack overflow.
Therefore, given that asynchronous calls are by definition processes / events happening independently of the current call stack / run loop, this behavior is actually surprising, since one of the reasons to go async is to escape the limitations of the call stack.
5. You Don't Understand How Promises Work
I've been told that I don't understand promises. So I apologize for the appeal to authority that I'm about to make.
Data types for dealing with asynchrony have been a hobby of mine since 2012 and I've been authoring several projects in which I implemented Promise-like data types:
Monix, which implements Task , one of the best ports of Haskell's IO , along with a complementary CancelableFuture and what I think is the best back-pressured Rx Observable implementations in existence
, one of the best ports of Haskell's , along with a complementary and what I think is the best back-pressured Rx implementations in existence Funfix, a JavaScript library for FP, delivering a Future and an IO implementation, see below
and an implementation, see below have contributed to cats-effect, a more conservative IO port
Bonus — see my presentation from Scala Days!
My work, good or bad, has followed a certain pattern, which is why I do understand promises, I do understand at least two solutions to this, hence this article.
6. No Use-cases, This is a Niche
Is functional programming a niche?
You cannot describe any functional programming algorithm involving loops without tail recursions. If folds are used, then folds are described with tail recursions as well. That's because:
any loop can be described with a tail recursion you can't have immutability of the state you're evolving without it
An example of a use-case is the processing of really long / infinite streams of events, for which it's really natural to describe algorithms using tail recursions and for which you can't really work with imperative, mutation-based loops.
Imagine reading chunks of data from a file and describing them with a data structure like this:
interface List < A > class Next < A > implements List < A > { constructor ( public readonly head : A , public readonly next : () => Promise < List < A >> ) {} } class Halt implements List < A > { constructor ( public readonly error ?: any ) {} }
Sample is using TypeScript (could be Flow) for making it clear what the types are. You can work with plain JavaScript of course.
This structure is really cheap and effective, being a lazy, asynchronous, referentially transparent stream. And in fact it's really similar to JavaScript implementations of async iterators, so yes, you are going to work with something like this in the future, even if you don't like it ;-)
And describing transformation functions like this one is really fun too:
function map < A , B > ( list : List < A > , f : ( a : A ) => B ): List < B > { if ( list instanceof Next ) { try { const cons = list as Next < A > return new Next ( f ( cons . head ), () => cons . next (). then ( xs => map ( xs , f ))) } catch ( e ) { return new Halt ( e ) } } else { return list } }
Alas, with the Promise implementation leaking, this doesn't work ;-)
Funfix
I've been building a new project, Funfix, a JavaScript library for functional programming (capital FP), supporting TypeScript and Flow types out of the box.
Funfix exposes Future<A>, an eager Promise alternative that's safe, cancellable and filled with goodies, along with IO<A>, a lazy, lawful, cancellable data type for handling all kinds of side effects, inspired by Haskell, the two being complementary.
This piece of code powered by Future does not leak:
import { Future } from "funfix" function loop ( n ) { return Future . of (() => n ). flatMap ( i => { if ( i % 1000 == 0 ) console . log ( i ) return loop ( n + 1 ) }) } loop ( 0 ). recover ( console . error )
And neither does this one, powered by IO :
import { IO } from "funfix" function loop ( n ) { return IO . of (() => n ). flatMap ( i => { if ( i % 1000 == 0 ) console . log ( i ) return loop ( n + 1 ) }) } loop ( 0 ). run (). recover ( console . error )
This IO is a port of Monix's Task, being a better IO than Haskell's IO due to its cancellable nature ;-)
In this PR I've also fixed the memory leak for Future , doing the same tricks that Scala's Future is doing. Now released in v6.2.0.
And note that this is harder to do for Funfix's Future due to also having to deal with chains of Cancelable references, which can also leak.
Author's Rant — in response to this article I've been called a scumbag for "shameless self promotion".
I'm building stuff that I share with the world and I like talking about it on my personal blog. I'm not going to apologize for it.
Final Words
That the current JavaScript Promise implementation has this leak is a big problem, because tail-recursive calls are the cornerstone of functional programming.
Yes, it's true that Promise is not a useful monadic type for doing FP, since it does not suspend side effects (which is why you should use IO), but that's beside the point, plus for the FP purists out there, you can always suspend it in a thunk, assuming that it doesn't leak in then chains.
Subways. Subways subways. Matt Gurney, Jonathan Goldsbie, and Chris Selley talk all about subways. But pay no attention, the whole discussion is irrelevant.
Gurney There are so many ways to approach this week's transit developments that I almost don't even know where to start. No matter how you spin this, Mayor Ford comes off looking bad. What astounds me — and I thought he'd lost the ability to astound me — was how at each juncture, after taking a metaphorical punch in the face, he somehow found a way to double-down and make it worse for himself. My favourite example by far was when he declared that the province wanted subways, only to be instantly contradicted by the province, who made the entirely sensible statement that they'd feel obligated to honour the will of council (that no one bothered to [ital]ask the province first [endital]is a sign that both sides of this dispute need a hard slap upside the head, but I digress). I'm not really sure if there's a way for the Mayor or his allies to even begin trying to make lemonade out of last week's bountiful citrus surplus, but if there is any remotely good news for the Mayor it might be that he's not a lame duck quite yet, as some of his critics (including some in the media) were quick to gleefully declare. I figure he has too much power and too much time left in his mandate to become irrelevant, despite his best efforts. But that's where the good news stops, I guess. I'm genuinely curious as to what he does next. Has he finally realized that he's lost, or will he spend his remaining time in power throwing wrenches into the gears? You'd like to think he'd get behind Council's vision and begin mending fences so he can advance his agenda in other areas, but his obsession with subways seems to possess an almost supernatural grip on him.
[np-related]
Goldsbie I am consistently surprised and impressed at how quickly Rob Ford manages to transform absurd hypotheticals into laugh-so-you-don't-cry reality. Just a month ago, Chris joked that “Nothing will force the mayor into a retreat on the Sheppard subway. He will insist on its viability and impending groundbreaking until the day he leaves office, and thereafter he will claim that it exists even though it does not. He will fill his leisure hours driving up and down Sheppard Avenue, making train noises to himself.” So it rather made sense when he reacted to Wednesday's defeat by taking a late-night ride back and forth on the TTC, talking up his subway idea to anyone who would listen. His other coping strategy, of course, was to deny the day's events had had any meaning. (When he dismissed City Council's decision as irrelevent, it was quite nearly as offensive as when Mayor Miller stood in the same place and said the same thing about human rights abuses at the G20.) And as to your suggestion that no one had spoken to the province first, I would point out that among McGuinty's statements on Thursday was the revelation that he had indeed spoken to Ford the previous week and had reaffirmed that he needed to obtain Council's support. It's not especially surprising that the mayor took the very opposite message away from this conversation; he hears what he wants to hear, whether he's speaking with the Premier of Ontario or some guy at Tim Hortons.
Selley If the Mayor “realized that he's lost,” he presumably wouldn't have employed a messaging strategy on Wednesday — the Premier will respect the will of the people and build subways, or he shall know the wrath of Ford Nation! — that literally had a 60-minute shelf life. For heaven's sake, my inbox had a statement from Transportation Minister Bob Chiarelli saying the government always respects the will of Council by the time I got home from City Hall. The subway obsession, as Matt puts it, remains the great mystery of Ford's mayoralty. I mean, subways are great. If we found the dough to build them on Eglinton and/or Sheppard and/or Finch, we'd almost certainly be happy we did in 100 years. But the state of advocacy for subways in this city is utterly dire. “Look! Polls say people want subways!” (Meanwhile, Doug Ford rubbishes Gordon Chong's perfectly reasonable revenue-generating ideas.) “The Stintz plan is Transit City!” (Entirely true, but just because David Miller and Adam Giambrone like something doesn't make it inherently evil.) “The suburbs are owed subways!” (By this logic, we wouldn't have a CN Tower. We'd have six 92-metre towers scattered around town that nobody ever visited.) Ford can continue to tilt at LRTs all he wants; logic says it should have no impact on the other elements in his agenda. But the centre/left on council smells blood, now, and the wound is self-inflicted. If Ford and his allies want to continue fighting for subways, they need to raise their game enormously.
Gurney Agreed, and they still can, in theory, which is why I'm not ready to declare them politically dead. But as Chris said, Ford didn't seem to realize he was beaten when he played his Queen's Park trump card. (J.G. — I knew the province had required Ford to get Council's support, but I hadn't seen the bit about him talking to Premier McGuinty about this a week before declaring something that is patently not true — that's mindboggling.) On the one hand, I suppose it would be easy for the administration to up their game from this low point. But on the other hand, I'm starting to wonder if they can. They have the time and power. But do they have the ability? I wonder. I'm still waiting to hear what sort of concessions they wrung out of CUPE — that could in theory be a nice story to turn around this spot of bad luck. But it's not like they haven't caught lucky breaks before, and yet, here we are. And Chris is right. With the left/centre smelling blood, Ford will need to watch his back more so than push his agenda. Oy.
Goldsbie But what takes this from insane to despicable is the way the mayor is actively fomenting regional resentment by offering false hope to desperate people. “Live from Agincourt Mall — People are chanting we want subways,” tweeted Ford communications staffer Isaac Ransom during yesterday's mayoral walkabout. (Journalist David Hains described the chant as coming from “a group of seniors.) Agincourt Mall is at Sheppard and Kennedy, so they were presumably referring to an extended Sheppard line. And yet I'm rather doubtful their refrain was intended as a dig at Gordon Chong's failure to develop a meaningful financing scheme. Ford sells portions of the public on impossible solutions to real problems, and then tries to lead his disaffected followers in a full-on charge against reality, hopefully to eventually beat it into submission. The only thing keeping this from being deceitful is that the mayor himself is too dim to understand that the things he is promising are wholly made-up. For goodness sake, he still assures us that a subway on *Finch* can and will happen in the near future! Sometimes I wonder whether wilful mendacity might actually be a step up.
Selley Matt asks, do they have the means to turn it around? I'd ask: Do they have the desire? I maintain enough capacity for astonishment to have been amazed when Doug Ford referred to the idea of road tolls for a Sheppard subway as “just another tax grab.” Here was their hand-picked advisor, Dr. Chong, offering the Fords a real-world solution to a central problem of the administration, and they're not remotely interested. It is as if they're not just hellbent on extending the Sheppard subway, but on reshaping reality such that it's free — and if they can't do that, they'd rather do nothing. This is why I'm so pleased to have Eglinton — theoretically, anyway —out of their hands.
Scores of Cambridge residents had their lives rocked over the weekend when a 10-alarm fire ignited and ripped through a residential neighborhood.
Within hours, a raging fireball had damaged a total of 16 buildings, decimating several and displacing more than 125 people. Cambridge Assistant Fire Chief Gerard Mahoney told the Associated Press it was the largest fire he'd witnessed in his 33-year career.
The remarkable scope of the inferno and speed at which it spread left witnesses awestruck: How did it happen so fast?
Cambridge fire officials and other city and state fire prevention authorities declined to put forward any theories because the fire is still under investigation.
Advertisement
Yet preliminary reports have pointed toward multiple factors that possibly fueled the devastating blaze. Retired Concord Fire Chief Ken Willette, a 35-year fire service veteran now serving as the responder segment director for the National Fire Protection Association, a Quincy-based nonprofit, explained in an interview how those elements combined to produce such a swift and striking inferno.
The building was under renovation
As The Boston Globe reported, the fire began at a triple-decker home at 35-37 Berkshire Street in a dense East Cambridge neighborhood a few blocks north of Kendall Square.
The home was undergoing a “complete renovation,” according to the Globe, a fact which likely perpetuated the fire. According to Willette, the removal of the inner sheathing, like plaster or sheetrock, exposes the wall studs, floor joists, and ceiling rafters. That opens up a void of space in which the fire can progress very rapidly.
“Those are what give the building its integrity,” he said. “Once it gets into that space, it can travel up and down faster.”
Porches trapped the flames
The building that sparked the blaze appeared to have open wood-frame porches, which could trap the fire underneath and contain the heat, allowing the blaze to “roll around and spread rapidly outside the back of the building,” Willette said.
Advertisement
Such porches are “typical” of that type of older residential property, he said. The manager for the property where the fire started told the Globe “all permits were filed according to the building code.”
“You had a very tight group of three-story wood-framed residential structures,” said Willette.
It was a windy day
The Globe reported that the wind strength measured 25 mph Saturday afternoon.
“Wind fuels the fire,” Willette said.
The former fire chief also noted that wind-driven fires have been a “real challenge for the fire service,” particularly in cities like Boston and New York, where blazes at high rises built alongside rivers can quickly gain traction from coastal breezes. Willette somberly recalled the role wind driven off the water played in the 2014 Back Bay fire, which killed two Boston firefighters.
As the Globe reported at the time, officials said wind blowing off the Charles River caused the deadly blaze to “rage out of control within minutes.”
“The fire escalated very quickly,” Deputy Fire Chief Joseph Finn said. “In 30 years, I've never seen a fire travel that fast, escalate that quickly, and cause such havoc.”
In Cambridge, where the houses were stacked tightly together, wind also helped the fire jump from building to building, according to witnesses at the scene.
“The wind started blowing the flames across the street and houses across the street caught on fire. Within three minutes there were four or five houses and cars on fire,” Dana Fuller, one of the displaced residents, told the AP.
“Just like that.”
France's National Front political party head Marine Le Pen arrives to attend a news conference at the party headquarters in Nanterre near Paris February 6, 2015. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS (Reuters) - France's far-right National Front party is still expected to lead first-round voting in departmental elections next month, despite a recent recovery in Socialist President Francois Hollande's ratings, an Ifop poll for Le Figaro newspaper showed.
Marine Le Pen's National Front would win 30 percent of the vote, ahead of a combined 28 percent for the conservative UMP and centrist UDI parties, with the ruling Socialist party in third place with 20 percent, according to current voting intentions.
No other party would win more than 10 percent if the vote in France's 101 departments were held now, the poll published on Sunday showed.
The Ifop survey also indicated that 53 percent of National Front supporters planned to turn out to vote in the March elections, more than the 45 percent of UMP and 44 percent of Socialist party supporters.
Earlier this month, the Socialists won a hotly contested parliamentary by-election in the Doubs, in eastern France, clinging on ahead of a National Front rival after the UMP candidate was eliminated in a first round. [ID:nL5N0VI0WA]
Frustration with parties on the mainstream right and left combined with rising Euroscepticism have bolstered support for the anti-immigrant, anti-EU National Front, which came first in last year's European Parliament elections in France.
A survey by pollster Odoxa in December found the National Front would win 28 percent of the vote, ahead of the UMP on 25 percent and the Socialist party on 17 percent. [ID:nL6N0U030S]
An Ifop poll in Sunday's Le Journal du Dimanche newspaper gave Hollande a 24 percent approval rating. While this was down from 29 percent in January, when he was praised for his handling of the Islamist militant attacks in Paris, polls late last year showed his popularity dropping as low as 12 percent. [ID:nL5N0VW09M]
