Online giant Amazon is calling for changes to draft legislation from Republicans on new Internet rules, suggesting the measure could be ineffective and place too many limits on the Federal Communications Commission's authority.
Paul Misener, Amazon's vice president of global public policy, is slated to testify Wednesday before committees in the House and Senate on the draft legislation.
ADVERTISEMENT
Misener will tell lawmakers that Amazon believes FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has the authority he needs to go ahead with a vote next month on proposed net neutrality rules requiring all Internet traffic be treated equally. The online retail company "would not want" any efforts that could derail the commission's plan.
Nonetheless, Amazon "would welcome additional statutory discretion from Congress."
Misener suggests the current GOP draft legislation could be ineffective at enforcing the "excellent principles" described in the proposal, according to his prepared remarks. He will also say it is unnecessary to block the commission's authority to act under Title II of the Communications Act on net neutrality.
"Although the Discussion Draft's net neutrality principles are promising, they also are fairly general," he will say.
"The bill should be modified accordingly to ensure that the Internet openness of net neutrality is maintained and effective."
Amazon is part of the Internet Association, which has supported President Obama and other advocates' recommendations for the FCC to enforce strong net neutrality rules by reclassifying the Internet similar to a public utility.
The bill released last Friday adopts many of the principles outlined by Democrats and other advocates, but specifically prevents the FCC from reclassifying the Internet or using an alternate authority to enforce the rules.
The proposal is meant to offer a path forward on net neutrality without reclassifcation. It would prevent Internet service providers from blocking or slowing traffic to any website. It would also ban service providers and websites from negotiating deals for faster service.
Amazon said there are several loopholes in the draft that could open the door to fast lanes for "specialized services" — a loosely defined term in the bill. Amazon said the draft could also open the door to providers thwarting net neutrality rules "further upstream in the network."
The net neutrality rules in the legislation are all subject to "reasonable network management."
Amazon said this exception should be viewed suspiciously when it comes to wireless broadband. It could leave a loophole for mobile broadband providers to prioritize their own content, Amazon noted.
Representatives from the cable and wireless industry are also slated to testify Wednesday.
The cable industry will give a full-throated endorsement of the proposal.
Michael Powell, the president of the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, plans to use his opening statement to say he "firmly believes" the draft proposal is the right approach. The trade group is "open to changes" in order to bring Democrats to the table as well.
The wireless industry plans to offer more tepid endorsement, calling the draft an "excellent start" that offers a "reasonable path" forward.
Meredith Attwell Baker, president of the CTIA-The Wireless Association, will say it is "vital" that any legislation recognizes the "inherent differences" of mobile broadband.
The industry, as well as other Internet service providers, is strongly opposed to the FCC's expected plan to reclassify broadband similar to a utility.
This story was updated at 4:03 p.m.
The issue that seems to have gotten the most attention in Barack Obama's State of the Union Address on Tuesday is his proposal to raise the minimum wage to $9 per hour from $7.25. The knee-jerk conservative reaction is to say that a higher minimum wage will reduce jobs. Conservatives have always made this argument and it has always failed to stop the minimum wage from rising.
Liberals argue that academic research shows that modest increases in the minimum wage have a minimal impact on jobs, while doing a lot to raise the incomes of the working poor.
At a time of high unemployment, it may appear that conservatives have the stronger argument. However, their problem, politically, is that the loss of jobs due to a higher minimum wage comes almost exclusively from the loss of jobs that otherwise would be created. That is, from the loss of jobs that do not now exist, but would come into existence at a lower minimum wage.
It is almost unheard of for employers to fire workers rather than pay them a higher minimum wage. They may not fill vacancies, they may adjust hours, they may move toward automation, they may scale back benefits and many other things. But firing workers is not one of them.
This creates a political problem for minimum wage opponents. Those who will benefit from a higher minimum wage know exactly who they are and almost to the dollar exactly how much they will benefit. Those that are unable to get jobs in the future will have no idea that it is because they were priced out of work by a higher minimum wage.
This is the key reason why there is overwhelming support for raising the minimum wage in every poll. Historically, three-quarters of people have approved of a higher minimum wage, including among Republicans.
The latest polling is from a year ago by Lake Research, a Democratic firm. Overall, 73 percent support raising the minimum wage and only 20 percent were opposed. This margin held pretty much regardless of demographic characteristic, with the except among Republican men, who were opposed by a 51 percent to 43 percent margin. Republican women, however, supported an increase by a 58 percent to 30 percent margin.
Even when people were told, specifically, that an increase in the minimum wage might lead to a loss in jobs, it had almost no impact on support. The contrary argument that raising the incomes of the working poor would increase the demand for goods and services, and hence raise growth and jobs, was more compelling.
Needless to say, a higher minimum wage resonates strongly with the Democratic Party's base, especially minorities. Of particular interest to Republicans, who are striving to reach out to the fast-growing Latino community by toning down their opposition to immigration reform is that Latinos support a higher minimum wage by an 85 percent to 12 percent margin.
Thus, politically, supporting a higher minimum wage is a no-brainer for Democrats. In fact, the last time it was a political issue, during the 2006 campaign, it was a major factor in Democratic gains, helping them take control of Congress. Democratic insiders believe it could help them do the same in 2014. This suggests that the optimum Republican strategy is not to fight a minimum wage increase to the death, but rather to raise questions about how it is implemented and perhaps offer amendments that will diminish Democratic support.
Bill Helmreich walked every block of New York City—6,000 miles in all—to write the award-winning The New York Nobody Knows. Now he has re-walked Brooklyn—some 816 miles—to write this one-of-a-kind walking guide to the city's hottest borough. Drawing on hundreds of conversations he had with residents during his block-by-block journeys, The Brooklyn Nobody Knows captures the heart and soul of a diverse, booming, and constantly changing borough that defines cool around the world. The guide covers every one of Brooklyn's forty-four neighborhoods, from Greenpoint to Coney Island, providing a colorful portrait of each section's most interesting, unusual, and unknown people, places, and things. Along the way you will learn about a Greenpoint park devoted to plants and trees that produce materials used in industry; a hornsmith who practices his craft in Prospect-Lefferts Gardens; a collection of 1,140 stuffed animals hanging from a tree in Bergen Beach; a five-story Brownsville mural that depicts Zionist leader Theodor Herzl—and that was the brainchild of black teenagers; Brooklyn's most private—yet public—beach in Manhattan Beach; and much, much more. An unforgettably vivid chronicle of today's Brooklyn, the book can also be enjoyed without ever leaving home—but it's almost guaranteed to inspire you to get out and explore one of the most fascinating urban areas anywhere.
Covers every one of Brooklyn's 44 neighborhoods, providing a colorful portrait of their most interesting, unusual, and unknown people, places, and things
Each neighborhood section features a brief overview and history; a detailed, user-friendly map keyed to the text; and a lively guided walking tour
Draws on the author's 816-mile walk through every Brooklyn neighborhood
Includes insights from conversations with hundreds of residents
William B. Helmreich is the author of many books, including The New York Nobody Knows (Princeton), which won the inaugural 2014–15 Guides Association of New York Award for Outstanding Achievement in Book Writing. He is Distinguished Professor of Sociology at the City College of New York's Colin Powell School for Civic and Global Leadership and at CUNY Graduate from Center. The Brooklyn Nobody Knows is the first of five planned walking guides, one for each borough of New York City.
Where to begin with this story? It's long and undulating, but I'll try to make it as clear as possible and cut right to the chase.
We have long been fans of Kim Dotcom (real, legal name) – an outspoken opposer of copyright law and founder of MegaUpload who drew the ire of the government and private entities for hosting materials that infringed on said copyright law. A quick timeline:
In 2012, the Justice Department filed charges against Dotcom including racketeering, conspiring to commit copyright infringement, and conspiring to commit money laundering.
Dotcom's sizable assets were frozen by the Department of Justice under asset seizure/forfeiture (which is one of the most evil, underhanded and unconstitutional tactics the government employs). Essentially, because the government alleges (alleges mind you – nothing has been proved) that Dotcom's assets were involved in a criminal venture, they can take them away. Poof! Gone.
The government of New Zealand, where Dotcom was residing when the charges were filed in the U.S., arrested and jailed him after a ridiculous assault on his compound. This was so extradition could be figured out and to keep him from fleeing the country. That extradition never occured, despite Dotcom agreeing to return to the US if they would release his funds and actually let him mount a defense and hire a lawyer. The Justice Dept. refused that logical request by a man trying to defend himself.
Dotcom was able to retain lawyers to fight the seizure of the funds, however…
In November the government argued that Kim shouldn't be able to fight the seizures because he was a “fugitive” and fugitives who don't willingly surrender shouldn't be allowed to use the resources of the court. This is INSANE.
As of February 22nd, a NZ judge released Dotcom, as he was no longer considered a threat to flee in his opinion.
Why was he no longer a threat to flee? Well, Dotcom no longer has any chance of seeing his assets ever again.
Techdirt has a bit more on this story:
In a ruling [pdf] that was just posted a little while ago (ed note – Feb 27th), O'Grady sided with the government, and gave the DOJ all of Dotcom's things. You can read the full reasoning here and it seems to take on some troubling logic. Judge O'Grady notes that the statute does allow him to call anyone who “declines to enter” the United States a fugitive, and argues that Dotcom fits that description. Furthermore, he actually argues that Dotcom's offer to the DOJ to come willingly to the US if the money is freed for his defense actually works against Dotcom, and gives weight to the fugitive claim: As demonstrated, Dotcom need not have previously visited the United States in order to meet the prerequisites of § 2466. The statute is satisfied where the government shows that the claimant is on notice of the criminal charges against him and refuses to “enter or reenter” the country with the intent to avoid criminal prosecution. Because the court assesses intent under the totality of the circumstances, it is certainly relevant that Dotcom has never been to the United States and that he has lived in New Zealand since 2011, where he resides with his family. This tends to show that he has other reasons for remaining in New Zealand besides avoiding criminal prosecution. However, the existence of other motivations does not preclude a finding that he also has a specific intent to avoid criminal prosecution. Dotcom's statements, made publicly and conveyed by his attorneys to the government, indicate that he is only willing to face prosecution in this country on his own terms. See Technodyne, 753 F.3d at 386 (2d Cir. 2014) (“The district court was easily entitled to view those [requests for bail], evincing the [claimants'] desire to face prosecution only on their own terms, as a hallmark indicator that at least one reason the [claimants] declined to return in the absence of an opportunity for bail was to avoid prosecution”). Dotcom has indicated through his statements that he wishes to defend against the government's criminal charges and litigate his rights in the forfeiture action. If it is truly his intent to do so, then he may submit to the jurisdiction of the United States.In short, damned if you do, damned if you don't. This is the justice system, ladies and gentlemen. The DOJ gets to seize and keep all your money, and merely asking for access to it to fight to show your innocence is used as a reason to allow the DOJ to keep it. So he comes to the US and has to fight criminal charges without his own money, or he stays in New Zealand and the government uses it as an excuse to keep all the money. How is any of this even remotely fair? Where is the “due process” in totally handicapping Dotcom from presenting a defense? Again, it is entirely possible that Dotcom and the others broke the law — though the case certainly does look pretty weak to me. But what's really astounding is how far the DOJ appears to want to go to make it absolutely impossible for Dotcom to present a full defense of his case.
Perfectly said – now who out there still thinks the justice system as it exists today is actually designed to protect our rights and liberties?
Liberty Links!
– The Intercept points out that the Patraeus deal reveals a bias two-tier justice system for leaks – I doubt the rest of us would get off so easy.
– It's good that robots will take your job, claims Reason Mag
– WA gun group plans armed protest in response to open carry activist arrest
– Zero Hedge: Financial collapse leads to war
– Hillary Clinton only used her personal email address during her time as Secretary of State. That's not suspicious at all, right?
– Homeland Security Bill Passes (sad trombone sound)
The Lions of Liberty are on Twitter, Facebook & Google+
Receive access to ALL of our EXCLUSIVE bonus audio content – including “Conspiracy Corner”, “Degenerate Gamblers” and the “League of Liberty Podcast” by joining the Lions of Liberty Pride and supporting us on Patreon!
Join our brand new Facebook Group: The Lions of Liberty Forum
-In the midst of two successful and promising careers Lynne Atkins and Liz Clark took the final step in bringing their travel dreams to fruition. It followed years of hoping and dreaming, dreaming of faraway places and exotic destinations. Within each of them was a longing for not only adventure but for understanding. Understanding of the nature of humankind and the expansion of civilization, of spiritual mysteries and their individual place in the world.
-After a surge in the Real Estate market they bravely sold their home. It felt like they had just won the lottery and they were determined to treat it as such! Excitedly both Lynne and Liz quit their jobs, sold their cars and household belongings and with a spring in their steps purchased two "Round the World" tickets! It would be a grand undertaking that would last one year, which they spent two days planning. They purchased backpacks which were promptly filled with clothes and supplies to see them through diverse weather conditions and a multitude of situations. With all momentum (and no responsibility) these daring forty-somethings set off on a trip of a lifetime!
-Where were they going? How would they get around? This all became part of the comedy and the adventure. With nothing but a rough outline of flights and a fleetingly glanced at guidebook the rest they would have to make up as they went along.
-Join them on their adventurous journey traveling through approximately fifty countries and all seven continents. Lose yourself in a commentary filled with historical and hysterical information. Experience the panic as they are nearly kidnapped in Bolivia. Feel the exhilaration and exhaustion of climbing Machu Picchu. Ride along on an impressive Christmas Antarctic voyage. Experience the wonders of nature in the Galapagos and Ballestas Islands. Step through history into the ancient cultures of Rome and Egypt. Sense the trepidation of walking with lions on Safari in Zimbabwe. Discover the mysteries of the Hill Tribes of the Golden Triangle.
-But wait.... there's more.... much, much more for the armchair travel/adventure reader. With Liz journaling their daily antics and Lynne's guidance, photos and sarcasm you will soon become part of the adventure.
------------------------------
Complete with color photos and maps so you can follow their journey!
------------------------------
-An excerpt from one professional critique stated... "I described this guide to someone who immediately said it sounded like 'Eat, Pray, Love', which was also one of my first thoughts. I think this manuscript is much more fun to read, though."
------------------------------
-Another stated... "Global Wanderings & Inane Wonderings" recounts the inspiring journey of two adventuresome travelers; creating worldwide appeal due to the varied locations, unique destinations, and diverse cultural interactions. GWIW is a very exciting and humorous book with mass appeal.
------------------------------
-**GWIW is a zesty journey filled with a continual quest for unique encounters, as the two main characters, chase not only spiritual enlightenment but their dream of seeing as much of the world as possible in one year. This is not a leisurely walk but a roller coaster ride of excitement.**
JACKSON, Miss. (AP)  Donnie Register has a new reason to be thankful he's married — police say his wedding band deflected a bullet and probably saved his life.
Two men walked into Register's shop at The Antique Market on Saturday and asked to see a coin collection, police Sgt. Jeffery Scott said.
When Register retrieved the collection, one of the men pulled a gun and demanded money. A shot was fired as Register threw up his left hand, and his wedding ring deflected the bullet, police said.
"The bullet managed to go through two of his fingers without severing the bone," said his wife, Darlene Register. "A part of the bullet broke off and is in his middle finger. The other part is in his neck, lodged in the muscle tissue. But it's not life-threatening."
She said she gives God all the credit.
Police were searching for the robbers, who Scott said "stole a substantial amount of cash."
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A judge overturns a ban on same-sex marriage in the U.S. state of Michigan, the latest in a series of rulings across the country. (Reuters)
A judge overturns a ban on same-sex marriage in the U.S. state of Michigan, the latest in a series of rulings across the country. (Reuters)
A federal judge Friday struck down Michigan's ban on same-sex marriage, saying the state failed during a two-week trial to justify a prohibition that he said violates the equal protection rights of gays.
U.S. District Judge Bernard A. Friedman dismissed the state's contention that Michigan voters adopted the ban on the premise that heterosexual married couples provided the optimal environment for raising children.
There is no proof that such a premise is true, Friedman wrote, and he declared the testimony of the state's main witness “entirely unbelievable and not worthy of serious consideration.”
Unlike judges who recently struck down bans in other states, Friedman did not stay his decision, which could set off a rush of marriages by same-sex couples.
But his decision was issued late Friday afternoon as clerk's offices were closing. Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette (R) immediately appealed the decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit and asked for a stay. A county clerk in Ann Arbor announced Friday night that he would open his office Saturday morning to allow couples to marry if a stay has not been issued.
“In 2004 the citizens of Michigan recognized that diversity in parenting is best for kids and families because moms and dads are not interchangeable,” Schuette said in a statement. “Michigan voters enshrined that decision in our state constitution, and their will should stand and be respected. I will continue to carry out my duty to protect and defend the constitution.”
Friedman, 70, who was appointed by President Ronald Reagan and took senior status in 2009, said the state's defense of the law was misguided. “In attempting to define this case as a challenge to ‘the will of the people,' state defendants lost sight of what this case is truly about: people.”
Like other federal judges in Virginia, Oklahoma, Texas and Utah who have struck state bans, Friedman relied on two Supreme Court precedents: Loving v. Virginia, which invalidated state bans on interracial marriage in 1969, and last June's U.S. v. Windsor, which overturned part of the Defense of Marriage Act withholding federal benefits from same-sex couples married in states where such unions are legal.
Unlike those judges, Friedman conducted a trial. In his 31-page decision, he said he gave great weight to studies presented by lawyers for the plaintiffs, lesbian couple April DeBoer and Jayne Rowse, who have been together for eight years and have three children, whom they cannot jointly adopt.
Those studies, Friedman said, showed there was no dis­cern­ible difference in parenting competence between gay couples and heterosexual ones.
By contrast, Friedman was scornful of a state witness, University of Texas sociologist Mark Regnerus. Friedman said Regnerus's study — which suggested children of those in same-sex relationships fared poorly — was shoddy and intended to please the anti-gay activists who had funded it.
“The funder clearly wanted a certain result, and Regnerus obliged,” Friedman wrote.
Friedman's decision continued an unbroken string of success in the federal courts for same-sex marriage activists, following the Windsor decision. The rulings, which include three that require recognition of such unions conducted in the 17 states and District of Columbia where they are legal, are now on appeal.
Creepy footage captures the phantom at a window of the spooky building, which is said to be haunted with scary spirits.
Lee Smart was out investigating Mountain Ash Hospital near Caerphilly, south Wales, and believes the spectre at the window shouted “You watch your back, ha ha ha, because I'll… I'll kill you”.
The professional ghost hunter said: “There was something in the window of the hospital. We all watched it, and you can see the thing in the window.
“Anthony [Lee's colleague] said let's go in that room and do EVPs (electronic voice phenomenon). Straight away we started having 'get out'.
"My name was called, it wanted to kill me, it wanted me out of the hospital for some reason.
“There was no faking, there was no rubbish.”
Editor's note: This story was originally published Oct. 17, 2015. The GBI is expected to give an update in the case Thursday, Feb. 23, 2017.
Tara Grinstead was a country girl, a beauty queen, a high school history teacher with dreams of becoming a principal.
Instead, to many who otherwise would never have heard of her, she became "that missing woman," "that teacher who disappeared."
She was a 30-year-old brunette with an easy smile and a Georgia-farm-town drawl. A Hawkinsville native, she'd been Miss Tifton in 1999 and, soon after, a contestant in the Miss Georgia pageant. She wore a yellowish suit as one of her outfits at the Miss Georgia contest, telling an interviewer at the time, "It shows I'm a happy person."
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Telegraph
She lived by herself in south Georgia -- in a place that a national TV-news personality referred to after her disappearance as "the sleepy town of Ocilla."
She knew her neighbors well enough that when she went home at night, she switched on a light to signal that all was well.
Though she hadn't married, she had dated a local cop for the better part of five years. She collected Barbie dolls and was a fan of the TV show "The Dukes of Hazzard."
Grinstead's vanishing in late October 2005 has remained a mystery for a decade now. Hers is perhaps the region's most widely publicized missing-persons case in history. Her story has been told and retold on network television crime programs and been the subject of cable news talk shows.
Hers was the rare local case that rose to some degree of national prominence despite the remoteness of its geography.
Ocilla sits about 100 miles south of Macon. If you take U.S. 129, which more or less parallels the Ocmulgee River down through Hawkinsville and Abbeville, you swing down to Fitzgerald and into Irwin County. It's faster, though, to take Interstate 75 to just below Ashburn and Sycamore, then make the 25-mile easterly jog to town.
Some say Ocilla, a 120-year-old railroad town that today is home to about 3,400 people, was named for Seminole Chief Osceola. But theories vary.
Grinstead, who taught at Irwin County High for about eight years, had gone to work there out of college. Her folks moved to town later.
Oct. 22, 2005, the last night anyone is known to have seen her, was a Saturday. That afternoon she had helped out at the Miss Georgia Sweet Potato pageant in Fitzgerald.
She'd later gone to a cookout at the home of a former county school superintendent's family. When she was reported missing after not showing up at school on Monday, the clothes she'd worn to the Saturday cookout were found at her house. Her cellphone was charging in her bedroom. But she was gone.
Her purse and keys were missing. Her cat, Herman Talmadge, and her dog, Dolley Madison, were in the house. There were no certain signs of a struggle. A bedroom lamp was broken. Her car, a white Mitsubishi, was parked outside, unlocked.
Investigators spoke to dozens of people who knew Grinstead, including men she'd had relationships with. They also interviewed a former student who was arrested in March 2005 for apparently trying to break into her house while she was home.
Her longtime boyfriend, a man named Marcus Harper, told Fox News commentator Greta Van Susteren that Grinstead had ended their relationship well before she went missing. He said he felt "a little rejected at first" but that "we continued to be friends."
Harper, in the televised interview with Fox, described his relationship with Grinstead as "a commitment."
"We did not date other people," he said. "But I was honest with her when I said I had no intentions of marriage."
After they broke up, Harper said in the interview that Grinstead "approached me crying. She was very irrational and she told me that if she found out I was dating someone she would commit suicide."
Harper was not the only man she had been close to.
In a 2009 feature about the case on the CBS show "48 Hours," the lead GBI investigator said, "One of the things that made this case so complicated is that she did have several romantic relationships that occurred in relative proximity to one another."
The investigator, Gary Rothwell, who has since retired, told The Telegraph recently that he regrets that some people who have not been cleared as possible suspects "are twisting in the wind."
Small-town gossip and speculation have prompted finger-pointing over the years.
"What really bothers me about this is how unfair this case is," Rothwell said. "To everyone involved. Obviously to Tara and her family, but also unfair to many other people whose lives have been scrutinized. ... Irresponsible public accusations have been made about them, and they have no way to respond or defend themselves. And it's frustrating that we don't have evidence to rule anyone in or out."
There is one piece of evidence that is now considered a significant clue: a latex glove.
Investigators found it in Grinstead's yard. The glove contained what authorities have said contained "male-profiled" DNA and a fingerprint. But so far no match has turned up.
Meanwhile, Rothwell said there is "information we have never released that we can't explain."
"It's astounding to me," he said, "as many resources as we have devoted to this case, we really don't know any more about what happened to her than we did in the first week. ... It's just baffling."
J.T. Ricketson, the GBI agent in charge of the Perry field office, which is overseeing the Grinstead probe, said last week that Grinstead's disappearance and other unsolved cases are reviewed every few months.
"With this particular case, as leads come in we follow them," he said.
Earlier this year, in February, authorities acting on a tip drained a pond in Fitzgerald. Ricketson said the information was credible enough, but "it ended up not materializing into anything."
Potential evidence that was collected in 2005, apparently from Grinstead's house, may in the end prove vital to finding out what became of her.
Though Ricketson declined to go into specifics, he mentioned the scientific "leaps and bounds" that have been made regarding DNA in the past decade.
Labs, he said, are "able to separate DNA that had maybe been meshed."
Ricketson said, "We've had them revisit our evidence with this new technology, and they have come up with a couple of things that are hopeful or promising to us that may be able to head us in the right direction."
Information from Telegraph archives was used in this report. To contact writer Joe Kovac Jr., call 744-4397.
Image copyright AFP Image caption French forces have been fighting militants in northern Mali since January 2013
French forces have bombed Islamist militant positions in northern Mali.
Four or five bombs were dropped in the Esssakane region, west of the city of Timbuktu on Sunday morning, the BBC's Alex Duval Smith in Mali reports.
The UN has said al-Qaeda militants were active in the area. Last month Timbuktu airport came under rocket attack.
France intervened in Mali in January last year to try to drive out al-Qaeda-linked groups, which had taken over the north of the country.
Last month the French government said it was setting up a new military operation to stop the emergence of jihadist groups in the Sahel region of Africa.
Both ethnic Tuareg separatists and al-Qaeda-linked militants are operating in northern Mali.
Tuareg rebels agreed a ceasefire with Mali's government in May, and the two have been holding peace talks in Algeria.
Yes, Samsung, as the world's largest smartphone manufacturer, you should be able to release an unlocked version of your flagship phones. Apple does it. Google certainly does it. Hell, even Motorola and HTC are doing it these days. Why aren't you? Seriously, why aren't you? If it's a carrier issue, get the f*ck out of here. You are big enough that you shouldn't be giving in to all carrier demands. Of course, we're pretty sure you are, just look at the bloatware and branding all over the US carrier variants of the phones you sell. That's really unfortunate.
You see, some of us, well, we don't want to buy through carriers. We would rather just buy the phone from you, the manufacturer. We would like to see your vision for your phone, without Verizon's Navigator and AT&T's Locker (whatever the hell that even is) and Amazon's apps and Yellowpages or Whitepages or whatever other spam-filled idea from the past that is pre-loaded in your app drawers. We don't want to attach a phone to a carrier we don't really care for for an entire month, just so they'll give us an unlock code to take it elsewhere. We certainly don't want the branding – look at what you allowed Verizon to do a couple of years ago. Oh, we also would like choice, like in colors. Because, everywhere else in the world is getting cool blues and greens and silvers, yet the US and your carrier-only approach, doesn't want to give us those choices.
But maybe more importantly, we would love to get updates without the carrier interference. You are one of the worst at updating phones, but if you sold an unlocked model or two, maybe you wouldn't have that reputation. Maybe then, you could push updates quicker and to the customers who are probably screaming the loudest about you being bad at updating. Look how quickly Motorola pushed out Marshmallow just this past year, and the promises that HTC is comfortable making (and has kept up with) for updates. You could do that too, Samsung.
And look at this, your own website even has a sweet little blank spot in its carrier and retailer chooser where you could put “SIM FREE,” just like Apple does! How convenient. It wouldn't be hard to do. It's obvious that you sell international unlocked models, because some of us have to buy them through semi-shady eBay sellers and UK retailers.
But you probably won't ever in the US. The carriers are too mean or something. Those of us who appreciate a clean, bloatware and branding free phone of yours will continue to have to import them and pay hundreds more than retail. We'll continue to have to disable dozens of apps and snarl at logos. We'll continue to be annoyed at the entire situation. That sucks.
You know what doesn't suck? Apple's approach to unlocked and SIM free phones. Yeah, you should look into, Samsung.
LOS ANGELES (CN) – Donors claim in court that anti-whaling activist Paul Watson and his Sea Shepherd Conservation Society took donations from them under false pretenses, by intentionally sinking the ship they gave to the cause and then blaming Japanese whalers, to solicit more donations.
Ady Gil, owner of the eponymous ship Ady Gil, Vince Dundee, and Faast Leasing California, of which Dundee is a managing member, filed a civil RICO complaint against Sea Shepherd Conservation Society and Watson on Wednesday, in Superior Court.
Gil, an animal rights activist, says he got the 78-foot long ship by paying $1 million for a controlling interest in Earthrace Limited, its prior owner. He then donated the ship, which was renamed in his honor, to Sea Shepherd for use in its anti-whaling campaign.
He and Dundee say in the lawsuit that Watson and Sea Shepherd “lied to the world” about how the Ady Gil sank, so they could seek more donations and use the money “for their own gain.”
“Within days of the sinking, Gil hosted a fund raiser at his home in Los Angeles, specifically to raise money for the replacement of the Ady Gil,” the 24-page complaint states. “Defendants assured Gil the funds raised would be used to replace his namesake vessel. Sea Shepherd provided guidance on the ‘script' used to solicit donations, insisted upon editorial input on the video shown to the donors and prospective donors in attendance at the fundraiser, and ultimately approved a version of the video … which proclaimed the donations would be used to replace the Ady Gil. In the video, Gil stated, with the approval of Sea Shepherd and because defendant had stated that they would replace the boat with the funds raised, that ‘… we lost a piece of history, the Earthrace which turned into the Ady Gil, we have to build another one. And the other one is going to be faster and meaner and stronger.' In addition, Gil stated, ‘I will take these funds specifically for the construction of a new boat, and it's not going to be used for anything else.”
The fund raiser paid off, raking in $175,000 to $200,000 that night, including $12,000 worth of refreshments, equipment and security that Gil provided for the event and a $50,000 contribution that Dundee gave through Faast Leasing, the men say in the lawsuit. Both say they made donations because they believed Watson's story that the Ady Gil was sunk by Japanese whalers.
Donations to Sea Shepherd increased from approximately $3.4 to around $7.4 million in the year after the Ady Gil sank, which is “an all-time high” for the organization, according to the complaint.
But the men claim the story of the Ady Gil's demise was an elaborate ruse manufactured by Watson to generate publicity and “enhanced sympathy” for Sea Shepherd.
They say Watson ordered the Sea Shepherd crew to sink the ship on Jan. 6, 2010 after a 14-foot portion of its hull broke off in a collision with a Japanese whaling ship near Antarctica.
“The Ady Gil, however, was not lost, and could have been readily and economically transported to port and repaired, had it not been scuttled. Because of the unique structure and configuration, the loss of a portion of the boat was not fatal to the Ady Gil. Watson, the founder, president, and functional leader of Sea Shepherd, however, decided that the increased awareness of, and support for, Sea Shepherd that might result from the collision could be taken to an even higher level if the collision did not just damage the Ady Gil, but rather sent it to the bottom of the South Pacific Ocean,” the complaint states.
The plaintiffs claim Watson and his crew spent 30 hours gutting the Ady Gil of $100,000 to $150,000 worth of equipment, then “opened the sea cocks and hatches so she would flood.”
“Then, they connected tow lines for a preconceived ‘pretend tow,' and towed her for six hours while she progressively got lower and lower in the water, until eventually the tow rope broke. All GPS or other tracking devices were removed, and the Ady Gil was then abandoned so that no one could find her and see that she had been sunk intentionally,” according to the complaint.
Watson continued to misrepresent what happened, the men say, including making a “false and fraudulent” video for Animal Planet's show “Whale Wars.”
According to the complaint, the video depicted the Ady Gil listing in the water after the crew had opened the hatches to sink it so that it would look like the Japanese were responsible for its condition, and Watson and his crew lamenting that the ship was too damaged by the collision to save.
Gil claims that Peter Bethune, the Ady Gil's captain, came forward with the truth in an Oct. 5, 2010 email. Though Watson denied the allegations at first, he later admitted intentionally sinking the ship when Bethune challenged him to take a lie detector test, according to the complaint.
“The truth is now undeniable. The Ady Gil was intentionally sunk by Watson and Sea Shepherd to generate increased financial contributions. In essence, defendants ‘tricked' Dundee, Gil and the public into giving money for the loss of a boat which defendants sunk on purpose,” the complaint states.
Then, instead of using the money to build the Ady Gil 2 as promised, Watson used it for other things and refuses to replace the ship, the plaintiffs claim.
Sea Shepherd spokeswoman Lisa Agabian told Courthouse News that “Sea Shepherd vigorously denies these allegations” and that the group is “confident we will win at trial.”
Gil and Dundee seek compensatory and treble damages, disgorgement and an injunction for RICO charges, unfair business practices and violations of the state Business and Professions Code.
They are represented by Mark Mazzarella with Mazzarella & Mazzarella of San Diego.
Sea Shepherd has made a name for itself opposing the Japanese whaling industry, which, with permission from the Japanese government, misrepresents it whaling vessels as research ships.
The International Court of Justice in The Hague in April this year declared Japan's JARPA II scientific research program a front, used to continue illegal commercial whaling activities, according to the Courthouse News database.
Sea Shepherd follows and harasses the JARPA II ships to try to protect whale populations in the Southern Ocean and Antarctic waters from being killed and sold for meat .
The group's aggressive brand of activism has landed it in trouble with courts.
The 9 th Circuit called Sea Shepherd an organization of pirates in a December 2011 ruling in favor of Japan's Institute of Cetacean Research, which had sued Sea Shepherd for violently attacking its ships.
On July 23 this year, a federal judge refused to dismiss a similar piracy action brought against the organization by Japanese whalers, who claimed that Watson and his crew “rammed its whaling ships, threw smoke bombs and flares and dragged ropes to disable the ships' propellers, among other things.”
Like this: Like Loading...
By Staff
Fahd Al Kaabi, one of the two Emiratis who survived the sword attack in Al Warqa, but who is the victim of ‘incendiary materials' that were thrown, has suffered serious burns and deformities, including a change in his speech.
Quoting Mohammed Misbah Al Kaabi, Fahd's brother, ‘Al Bayan' says the victim is battling injuries to his right, back and neck, eye, ear and stomach .
According to the report the doctors have confirmed the inability of Fahd to use his left eye, as well as damage to the skin on face and neck. The police have yet to take Fahd's testimony in the case.
Gang sword attack on 3 Emiratis; funeral instead of wedding for son
A 25-year-old Emirati, identified as Adnan Abdul Majid, was stabbed to death with swords and knives in the Al Warqa'a area, Emarat Al Youm reported.
The man, who is an employee of a government department in Dubai, was with two other friends when five young men attacked them and stabbed him to death. The two friends are seriously injured and admitted in a hospital's intensive care unit (ICU).
The two victims who were injured also suffered burns on their faces and bodies as a result of the liquid sprayed on them. The victims have been identified as Ahmed Ali Murad and Fahd Al Kaabi.
Al Ittihad quoted eye witnesses as saying at least 11 men aged between 17 and 25 years were involved in the score-settling scuffle before the arrival of police.
Funeral instead of wedding
The deceased's father, Abdul Majid Abdul Rahman, said his son was preparing for his wedding in May and added that he believes that one of the accused just got out of jail a week ago.
A Dubai Police source said that the crime occurred at 1am and was a result of old conflicts.
He added that the deceased suffered serious injuries and died while he was being rushed to the hospital in a private car.
He said that four persons have been arrested.
The father of the deceased told Emarat Al Youm that his son was visiting his bride-to-be and while returning home was attacked and killed.
“We were preparing for his wedding, but now we buried him,” he said.
He claimed his son was working with Dubai Customs for nearly three years and is not a troublemaker and has a good reputation among his colleagues.
He said: “We have children and raise them and they should bury us.”
The uncle of the victim said the culprits trapped him by calling him for reconciliation.
According to witnesses, the perpetrators did not offer an opportunity for any conversation and just attacked them.
Dubai Police chief thanks Sharjah
Major-General Khamis Mattar Al Mazeina, Commander-in-Chief of Dubai Police, has commended the efforts of the General Directorate of Sharjah Police and its fruitful cooperation which resulted in the swift arrest of four people wanted in connection with the murder of an Emirati man and injuring his companions in the Al Warqa area.
The Commander-in-Chief of Dubai Police said that after police received a tip about a brawl that broke out in Al Warqa, a response team was immediately dispatched and discovered a young man who has succumbed to stab wounds, and three others injured.
Al Mazeina added that police were able to track and arrest the four young perpetrators in Sharjah, who were in possession of the weapons used in the attack.
Investigations into the incident revealed that the attack and murder were triggered by a previous disagreement between the those involved.
From a press release:
On Wednesday, December 6, the Mother of Mercy Free Clinic in Manassas will be officially open for business. With this clinic, Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Arlington (CCDA) will serve the estimated 4,500 people living in low-income households without insurance in Manassas and Manassas Park.
Details
When: Wednesday, December 6
3:30-8 p.m.
Where: Mother of Mercy Free Medical Clinic
9380 Forestwood Lane, Suite B
Manassas
The medical clinic, which has a waiting room, four exam rooms and other offices, will be open four hours a week with volunteer doctors, nurses and personnel. It will primarily serve adults since children of low-income families can often receive medical insurance (i.e. Medicaid). During the non-clinical hours, CCDA will use the facility to provide a broader array of assistance related to immigration issues, mental health counseling, and referrals to other services.
The clinic will be supported by healthcare contributions from Novant Health UVA Health System Prince William Medical Center. The free medical clinic will also use a local lab for additional patient services. In addition, CCDA is receiving consultative services offered by the Bon Secours Richmond Health System, a Catholic healthcare institution, to set up an ethics committee for the clinic. Catholic Charities is also cooperating with Tepeyac Clinic of Divine Mercy Care to provide mutual support for clients.
How the clinic came to be
A group of parishioners from All Saints Catholic Church in Manassas and Holy Trinity Catholic Church in Gainesville participated in a pro-life ministry in which they would reach out to mothers and couples who approached a Manassas abortion clinic. This group also reached out to the staff at the abortion clinic in the hopes of fostering productive and respectful dialogue.
After the owner of the clinic passed away, the owner's wife, who assumed ownership and control of the clinic's operation, agreed to shut the clinic down and sell to a group of investors called the BVM Foundation (for Blessed Virgin Mary). The BVM Foundation approached CCDA about how the former abortion clinic could be changed to serve a noble and redemptive purpose. CCDA agreed to open a free clinic to serve the uninsured in the Manassas area and has embarked on this mission to prolong life and to promote the dignity of the human person.
In a statement issued earlier this month, Most Reverend Michael F. Burbidge, Bishop of Arlington, said, “Each day, God calls us to help our brothers and sisters in need and to be instruments of His mercy and healing love. This clinic is in response to that call and will open new opportunities for Catholic Charities and dedicated volunteers to help those who otherwise may have been unable to receive such compassionate care.”
Prime Minister of Nepal, Mohan Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana and Indian Ambassador to Nepal, Chandeshwar Prasad Narayan Singh signing the treaty, 31 July 1950.
The 1950 India-Nepal Treaty of Peace and Friendship (official name Treaty of Peace and Friendship Between The Government of India and The Government of Nepal) is a bilateral treaty between Nepal and India establishing a close strategic relationship between the two South Asian neighbours. The treaty was signed at Kathmandu on 31 July 1950 by the last Rana Prime Minister of Nepal Mohan Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana and Indian ambassador to Nepal, Chadreshwar Narayan Singh and came into force the same day as per Article 9 of the Treaty.[1] Rana rule in Nepal ended just 3 months after the treaty was signed. The treaty allows free movement of people and goods between the two nations and a close relationship and collaboration on matters of defense and foreign policy. After an abortive attempt in 1952 of the Communist Party of Nepal to seize power with Chinese backing, India and Nepal stepped up military and intelligence cooperation under treaty provisions, and India sent a military mission to Nepal.
Provisions [ edit ]
The India-Nepal Treaty of Peace and Friendship was signed by the last Rana Prime Minister of Nepal, Mohan Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana, and the Indian Ambassador to Nepal, Chandreshwor Narayan Singh on 31 July 1950 and came into force the same day. It has ten articles. The treaty provides for everlasting peace and friendship between the two countries and the two governments agree mutually to acknowledge and respect the complete sovereignty, territorial integrity and independence of each other.
As per Articles 6 and 7, the two governments agree to grant, on a reciprocal basis, to the nationals of one country in the territories of the other, the same privileges in the matter of residence, ownership of property (requires RBI permission), participation in trade and commerce, movement and other privileges of a similar nature. This enables Nepalese and Indian citizens to move freely across the border without passport or visa, live and work in either country and own property or conduct trade or business in either country. There are a large number of Indians living, owning property and working or doing business in Nepal as a beneficial aspect of the treaty for India. Reciprocally, many Nepalese live, own property and conduct business freely in India.
For centuries, Nepal remained in self-imposed isolation. After the 1860 treaty with the East India Company, Prime Minister Jung Bahadur Rana of Nepal allowed Indians to purchase and sell land in Nepal's Terai. After the ascent of Mt. Everest by Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay, Nepal completely lifted its ban on foreigners.
The King of Nepal enacted the Citizenship Act of 1952 that allowed Indians to emigrate to Nepal and acquire Nepalese citizenship. But as more and more Indian immigrants from Bihar started acquiring Nepalese citizenship, most Nepalese became resentful of this provision.
Text of the Treaty [ edit ]
Treaty of Peace and Friendship Between the Government of India and the Government Of Nepal.
Signed at Kathmandu, ON 31 July 1950.
The Government of India and the Government of Nepal, recognizing the ancient ties which have happily existed between the two countries;
Desiring still further to strengthen and develop these ties and to perpetuate peace between the two countries;
Have resolved therefore to enter into a Treaty of Peace and Friendship with each other, and have, for this purpose, appointed as their plenipotentiaries the following persons, namely,
The Government of India:
His Excellency Shri Chandreshwar Prasad Narain Singh, Ambassador of India in Nepal.
The Government of Nepal:
Maharaja Mohan Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana, Prime Minister and Supreme Commander-in-Chief of Nepal, who having examined each other's credentials and found them good and in due form have agreed as follows: Article 1
There shall be everlasting peace and friendship between the Government of India and the Government of Nepal. The two Governments agree mutually to acknowledge and respect the complete sovereignty, territorial integrity and independence of each other, Article 2
The two Governments hereby undertake to inform each other of any serious friction or misunderstanding with any neighboring State likely to cause any breach in the friendly relations subsisting between the two Governments. Article 3
In order to establish and maintain the relations referred to in Article 1 the two Governments agree to continue diplomatic relations with each other by means of representatives with such staff as is necessary for the due performance of their functions. The representatives and such of their staff as may be agreed upon shall enjoy such diplomatic privileges and immunities as are customarily granted by international law on a reciprocal basis : Provided that in no case shall these be less than those granted to persons of a similar status of any other State having diplomatic relations with either Government. Article 4
The two Governments agree to appoint Consuls-General, Consuls, Vice-Consuls and other consular agents, who shall reside in towns, ports and other places in each other's territory as may be agreed to. Consuls-General, Consuls, Vice-Consuls and consular agents shall be provided with exequaturs or other valid authorization of their appointment. Such exequatur or authorization is liable to be withdrawn by the country which issued it, if considered necessary. The reasons for the withdrawal shall be indicated wherever possible. The persons mentioned above shall enjoy on a reciprocal basis all the rights, privileges, exemptions and immunities that are accorded to persons of corresponding status of any other State. Article 5
The Government of Nepal shall be free to import, from or through the territory of India, arms, ammunition or warlike material and equipment necessary for the security of Nepal. The procedure for giving effect to this arrangement shall be worked out by the two Governments acting in consultation. Article 6
Each Government undertakes, in token of the neighborly friendship between India and Nepal, to give to the nationals of the other, in its territory, national treatment with regard to participation in industrial and economic development of such territory and to the grant of concessions and contracts, relating to such development. Article 7
The Governments of India and Nepal agree to grant, on a reciprocal basis, to the nationals of one country in the territories of the other the same privileges in the matter of residence, ownership of property, participation in trade and commerce, movement and other privileges of a similar nature. Article 8
So far as matters dealt with herein are concerned, this Treaty cancels all previous Treaties, agreements, and engagements entered into on behalf of India between the British Government and the Government of Nepal. Article 9
This Treaty shall come into force from the date of signature by both Governments. Article 10
This Treaty shall remain in force until it is terminated by either party by giving one year's notice. Done in duplicate at Kathmandu this 31st day of July 1950.
(Signed)
Chandreshwar Prasad Narain Singh
For the Government of India
(Signed)
Mohan Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana
For the Government of Nepal
Prepared by LP
Background [ edit ]
The Himalaya Nation of Nepal borders northern India in the south, east and west. During British rule in India, Nepal's ties with the British Government were governed by the 1816 Treaty of Sugauli[2] that was replaced by the 1923 "Treaty of perpetual peace and friendship". After the independence of India in 1947, the two nations sought to forge close strategic, commercial and cultural relations. The rise of Communist China in 1949 and the subsequent invasion of Tibet heightened security concerns in both India and Nepal[3] — while India had maintained good relations with Tibet, the Rana rulers of Nepal feared that China would support the Communist Party of Nepal and sponsor a communist revolution overthrowing their autocratic regime.[3] With heightening concerns over the security threat to India presented by Communist China, which was seen as seeking to projecting power and influence over Nepal, Sikkim and Bhutan and border disputes with India, the latter sought to strengthen its "Himalayan frontier" by forging an alliance on defense and foreign affairs with the Rana rulers of Nepal.[3][4]
Criticism of the treaty [ edit ]
This treaty is called unequal by most Nepalese as Nepalese law does not permit an open border and Indians, by law, should not be able to buy lands and properties in Nepal or carry out businesses in their names. They claim that the 1950 treaty was signed by undemocratic rulers of Nepal and can be scrapped by a one-year notice. The treaty has been unpopular especially among Pahari segments of Nepal, who often regard it as a breach of its sovereignty. Beneath this, agreements were manipulated in the favour of antidemocratic autocratic rule of Nepal where the power of the Nepali people is fragmented.[3]
Deterioration of bilateral relations [ edit ]
Although initially supported enthusiastically by both the Rana rulers and Indian establishment, the treaty became the subject of increased resentment in Nepal, which saw it as an encroachment of its sovereignty and an unwelcome extension of Indian influence.[3] After an abortive attempt in 1952 of the Communist Party of Nepal to overthrow the autocratic Rana rule with Chinese backing, India and the Rana regime stepped up military and intelligence cooperation under treaty provisions, and India sent a military mission to Nepal which was regarded by leftist Nepalese as an undue extension of Indian influence in Nepal.[3] In the late 1950s and 1960s after the advent of democracy in Nepal, Nepal and China forged better relations, while relations with India deteriorated as Nepal forced the Indian military mission to leave and both nations began ignoring the treaty provisions.[3][5] While temporarily brought closer after the Sino-Indian War in 1962, Nepal resented the growth of India's regional power in the 1970s. The extensive Indian trade and economic influence was also resented by some in Nepal.[5] In 1975 after the annexation of Sikkim by India, Nepal began openly lobbying for renegotiation of the treaty and proposed itself as a Zone of Peace between India and China, where military competition would be off-limits. India refused to endorse the proposal.[5]
Proposed scrapping [ edit ]
Upon forming a coalition government after the 2008 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election, the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) Pushpa Kamal Dahal said on 24 April 2008 that the 1950 treaty would be scrapped and a new pact would be negotiated with India.[1][6] However, he did not pursue the matter and moreover had to resign as Prime Minister within nine months. However, in 2014, both India and Nepal agreed to "review" and "adjust" the peace treaty to reflect the current realities.[7]
See also [ edit ]
Common Travel Area, a similar treaty existing between the UK and Ireland on freedom of movement
Union State, a similar treaty existing between Russia and Belarus on freedom of movement
The wife of the late actor Patrick Swayze has denied extraordinary claims she repeatedly beat her husband throughout their marriage and even when he was dying of cancer.
The Dirty Dancing star was married to his former dance partner Lisa Niemi for 34 years before he lost his battle with pancreatic cancer in September 2009, aged 57.
The couple met when they were just 15 years old and were considered to have one of the strongest and happiest marriages in Hollywood.
But now, an unknown person described by RadarOnline as a long time friend of the couple has claimed that the actor, who also starred in Ghost, was the victim of domestic violence.
Patrick Swayze with his wife of 34 years Lisa Niemi. Friends have made a series of extraordinary claims that Niemi would often beat her late husband - even when he was dying of cancer
The friend also reportedly alleged that when the star was in the final weeks of his battle with cancer, Niemi would often neglect him while his main caregiver his brother Don was away, and that Swayze would be left languishing in dirty clothes.
However, Niemi has strenuously denied the claims, with her spokesperson telling MailOnline: 'It is categorically untrue. It is that simple.'
It comes as the unnamed friend told RadarOnline, after what they claimed to be a a year-long investigation: 'She (Niemi) would beat on him and he would beat on the walls and furniture. They fought and I covered up a lot of that — they destroyed hotel rooms, cars, their house …. It was abusive.'
When asked if Niemi would hit Swayze during his 21-month cancer fight, the friend supposedly added: 'Oh yeah, it didn't matter. She wouldn't hit him with stuff — she would claw at his arms and neck. She would punch and slap him.
The Dirty Dancing star was married to his former dance partner Niemi for 34 years before he lost his battle with pancreatic cancer in September 2009, aged 57
Swayze was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in early 2008, but lost his battle with the disease in September 2009.
'Cancer bought him from 180 pounds to 90 pounds. She always had to upper hand because he wouldn't hit her. He was adamant about never ever laying his hands on her.'
The friend also reportedly alleges that Niemi would control Swayze's life, telling him how much money he could spend, which friends he could see and what movie roles he was allowed to take.
Meanwhile a childhood friend of Swayze, Charlotte Stevens, also told the website that she had encouraged the star to leave Niemi after he allegedly learned she had affairs with men and women.
She added: 'I would tell him, "You mean to tell me she's having these affairs and you haven't stepped out on her?" And he would say, "No I don't want it used against me".'
However, Niemi's rep told Gossip Cop on Tuesday that her client did not know who Charlotte Stevens was.
Swayze and Niemi married in 1975 before he landed his breakout role in the coming-of-age movie Dirty Dancing in 1987.
He also starred in Ghost opposite Demi Moore, crime thriller Point Break and supernatural drama Donnie Darko.
Niemi is now married to jeweller Albert DePrisco, who she married in a small ceremony in Palm Beach in May 2014
The actor was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in early 2008, but lost his battle with the disease in September 2009. The couple had no children.
Four years after her husband's death in December 2013, Niemi announced she was engaged to jeweller Albert DePrisco.
The couple married in May 2014 after ceremony at the Mar-a-Largo Club in Palm Beach in front of 50 guests.
Earlier this week on the campaign trail, Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, attacked Bernie Sanders. It turns out, a Clinton spokesman told the press, the Chelsea Clinton attack was not a planned event.
Here's how Chelsea Clinton attacked her mother's Democratic rival: "Sen. Sanders wants to dismantle Obamacare, dismantle the CHIP program, dismantle Medicare, and dismantle private insurance. I don't want to empower Republican governors to take away Medicaid, to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans. And I think very much that's what Sen. Sanders' plan would do."
But it was not a planned line -- and signals Chelsea going rogue.
As Brian Fallon told reporters, "Her comments were spontaneous and spoke to the fact that she follows these issues closely herself and is deeply studious of the details of the candidate's policy proposals."
The Hill newspaper reported Fallon said it was not planned:
In a conference call with reporters on Wednesday, Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon defended Chelsea Clinton as a "very spirited and fierce advocate for her parents." Asked if she would continue to attack Sanders and whether she's suited for the role, Fallon called Chelsea Clinton "policy-obsessed" and said the attack lines had not been planned.
As for the truthfulness of the attack? Politifact calls it "Mostly False."
SF Racing to enter 488
Chinese outfit SF Racing has confirmed it will contest the full 2017 International GT Open season with its Ferrari 488 GT3 (pictured above).
So far Asian GT racer Fu Songyang has been confirmed as a driver, with his teammate in the team's 488 set to be confirmed in due course.
SF Racing made its GT Open series debut last year, taking part in the last three events of the season, with 31-year-old Fu Songyang driving. SF Racing has also confirmed its presence at the forthcoming GT Open testing session in Barcelona.
Two Huracans for Imperiale
Mirandola-based Imperiale Racing, one of Lamborghini's leading customer teams, has confirmed a 2017 GT Open racing programme with two Huracán GT3s.
The Italian squad led by Ivano Pignatti also debuted in the series last year at Monza.
“It was a very positive experience and since then we have been working to be able to launch a full-season effort in a highly competitive international series such as the GT Open.”
The team, which is planning to attend the winter testing sessions scheduled for February and March, will disclose shortly its top level driver lineup.
AF Corse confirms Perazzini and Cioci
AF Corse, the leading Ferrari customer team in the GT scene has announced its first driver pairing for its 2017 GT Open campaign.
The Piacenza-based team will field GT Open regulars Marco Cioci and Piergiuseppe Perazzini at the wheel of a Ferrari 488. Most recently, the pair drove together at the Paul Ricard with the tam.
AF Corse is set to announce further full and partial-season entries for the 2017 GT Open season in the coming weeks.
LOS ANGELES -- An appellate court caught in an extraordinary legal snafu refused Friday to consider Donald Sterling's request to block the $2 billion sale of the Los Angeles Clippers to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer but said he could file it again.
In a purely procedural move, Superior Court Judge Michael Levanas withdrew his final statement of decision in the probate case between Sterling and his estranged wife Shelly Sterling over the impending sale of the team.
"The petition is denied without prejudice to re-filing at the appropriate time in that presently there is nothing for this court to review," said the three-judge appellate panel in a ruling issued late Friday.
Lawyers for Donald Sterling say a judge prematurely finalized his ruling so the sale of the Clips can be completed without chance of appeal. AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill
The reason was a series of miscommunications between the judge and the lawyers for Donald Sterling, who had asked on Thursday for more time to file objections to his ruling. Having heard no response by noon Friday, they filed their request for a writ of mandate overturning the judge's decision. But three hours later, Levanas withdrew his decision and gave them until next Wednesday to file their objections, said Stephen Smith, a member of Shelly Sterling's legal team.
The end result is that Friday's events were a dress rehearsal for a legal drama likely to be concluded next week. Donald Sterling's lawyers will file their objections. The judge will write his final statement of decision with or without changes and the lawyers will then go to the appellate court, Smith said.
He acknowledged it was all quite confusing.
"This case certainly has a lot of moving parts," Smith said.
Earlier, when Donald Sterling's writ request was filed, Ballmer's lawyer quickly denounced the move.
Lawyers for Sterling had asked the Second District Court of Appeal to stay Levanas' ruling that cleared the way for the sale. They said the judge prematurely finalized his ruling so the sale can be completed without a chance to appeal.
Sterling's appellate lawyers said in their request for a writ of mandate that if the sale goes through, "Donald will have lost a unique and irretrievable asset: a `trophy asset' coveted by high net worth individuals around the world -- one of thirty NBA franchises in the country, and one that under Donald's thirty-year ownership has recently become one of the most successful."
The main complaint of the appellants is the judge's decision to allow the sale to go forward with no time for an appeal. He used a section of law that bars a stay of his decision. Given that provision, it was unclear if the appeal would have any effect. The sale could conceivably go forward while the appeal makes its way through the courts.
Adam Streisand, the attorney for Ballmer, said in a statement: "We won this trial because Donald Sterling is on an egotistical crusade to destroy the Clippers if he can't keep the team, and he can't. We will win the appeal for the very same reason."
A spokesman for the attorneys representing Shelly Sterling issued a statement similarly attacking Donald Sterling's motives.
"Donald's petition for writ of mandate is another desperate act by a desperate man," the statement said. "The decision by Judge ... Levanas -- after three weeks of trial -- is a correct decision on the law and the undisputed evidence. Donald will do anything to kill the record-shattering $2B sale of the Clippers. His petition is frivolous."
The appellate lawyers who filed the writ petition late Friday afternoon acknowledged that Donald Sterling has a public image problem.
"Admittedly, in light of recent events, Donald Sterling does not cut a sympathetic figure," his appellate lawyers wrote. "But the issues raised by the trial court's decision here impact more than just him, and involve core issues of probate law and the right to appellate review."
Shelly Sterling negotiated the record sale after the NBA banned the 80-year-old billionaire for making offensive remarks about blacks.
"The nature of the trial court's order all but guarantees that this court will never review this matter by appeal," the lawyers said. "lf the sale of the Clippers is not stayed, the team is likely to be sold before any appeal could be brought or decided, rendering Donald's appeal rights hollow. This is a textbook example of irreparable harm, and cries out for writ relief."
The writ filed by the Donald Sterling legal team demanded an immediate stay of the judge's ruling. It said that in the absence of a stay, the sale could go forward immediately. It noted that the NBA plans to meet on Aug. 15 to approve the sale.
Addressing the ruling by Levanas, the document said his action "was unreasonable, arbitrary, a prejudicial abuse of discretion, and manifestly against the law."
The 39-page filing challenged the opinions of two doctors who examined Donald Sterling and who said he had the beginnings of Alzheimer's disease, rendering him incompetent to handle his own business affairs.
The filing said the examinations were "insufficient to support a determination of incapacity" and said Shelly Sterling improperly removed her estranged husband as a trustee of the Sterling family trust.
The Yemeni government paid the families of those killed or injured in a U.S. drone strike last year more than $1 million, according to documents that provide new details on secret condolence payments seen as evidence that civilians with no ties to al-Qaeda were among the casualties.
The documents, which are signed by Yemeni court officials and victims' relatives, record payouts designed to quell anger over a U.S. strike that hit vehicles in a wedding party and prompted a suspension of the U.S. military's authority to carry out drone attacks on a dangerous al-Qaeda affiliate.
The records reveal payments that are many times larger than Yemeni officials acknowledged after the strike. The $1 million-plus figure also exceeds the total amount distributed by the U.S. military for errant strikes in Afghanistan over an entire year.
[Documents: Final compensation to Yemeni families of those killed or injured in drone attack]
The documents also contain other details, including the identities of those killed or wounded in the Dec. 12 operation by the U.S. military's Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC). Among them were a father and son with identification cards listing them as associates of a Yemeni organization working to curb Islamist militancy.
ID cards of Abdallah Mohammad Ahmed al-Taisi and his son Ali Abdallah Mohammad al-Taisi. (Reprieve)
The father survived the strike, but his 29-year-old son was killed.
The records were provided to The Washington Post by Reprieve, a London-based human rights organization that has worked in Yemen to document civilian casualties of the U.S. drone campaign.
Kat Craig, a legal director for the group, said the records undermine U.S. claims “that the victims of this drone attack were anything other than civilians” and said the size of the payouts suggest that the Yemeni government — among the poorest in the Middle East — is being reimbursed by the United States.
The records indicate that families of those killed were each given Yemeni currency worth approximately $60,000, with smaller amounts paid to those who sustained injuries or whose vehicles were damaged or destroyed. “In Yemen, that is a life-changing amount of money,” Craig said. “I can't believe those types of figures would be initiated by the Yemeni government.”
U.S. officials declined to comment on the Dec. 12 strike or any U.S. role in the payments but acknowledged offering money to victims and their families when civilians are injured or killed.
“Although we will not comment on specific cases, were non-combatants killed or injured in a U.S. strike, condolence or other ex gratia payments, such as solatia, may be available,” Caitlin Hayden, spokeswoman for the National Security Council at the White House, said in an e-mailed statement. She also said the U.S. government “takes seriously all credible reports of non-combatant deaths and injuries” and seeks “to ensure that we are taking the most effective steps to minimize such risk to non-combatants.”
Other U.S. officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity denied any U.S. involvement in the payments.
Ali Abdallah Mohammad al-Taisi was killed in a drone strike. (Reprieve)
Yemeni officials also declined to discuss the Dec. 12 strike or the payments, but a Yemeni government official who viewed the Reprieve documents said they appeared to be authentic.
The records make no mention of the United States or its use of armed drones to carry out strikes against al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, as the group's Yemen-based affiliate is known.
Nevertheless, the documents serve as the only public record associated with the highly classified U.S. drone campaign in Yemen and offer new details of a strike that remains the focus of debate within the United States.
U.S. military officials have defended the attack and indicated that a subsequent investigation determined that al-Qaeda-linked operatives — and no civilians — were killed.
But others in the Obama administration hold different views of the attack, which contributed to concerns among senior lawmakers that the U.S. military is not ready to assume exclusive control of the drone campaign.
U.S. officials have said that both the CIA and the National Counterterrorism Center, which was directed by the White House to review the operation, concluded that civilians were probably injured or killed.
The U.S. military has since abided by a Yemen-imposed suspension of JSOC's authority to conduct strikes in the country. U.S. officials indicated that the restriction is being reconsidered, but for now only the CIA has authority to launch lethal strikes in Yemen.
Airstrikes on Saturday that reportedly killed five militants in Yemen's Shabwa province were widely described as U.S. drone strikes in media accounts but were carried out by Yemeni aircraft, officials said.
The documents obtained by Reprieve are essentially receipts collected by the government for the cash it handed out.
Recipients acknowledge collecting their share of payments approved by Yemeni President Abed Rabbo Mansur Hadi. They were also required to waive any rights to make future financial claims.
“The case is closed” on the Dec. 12 strike in the central province of Bayda, the documents declare in handwritten Arabic script, as well as “any consequences arising from it.” The records bear signatures of a district judge and are dated from May of this year.
The pages spell out a range of payments. Families of the 12 killed in the attack were entitled to 12.7 million riyals apiece, or about $60,000. Fifteen who were wounded could collect about $20,000, with sums earmarked for damage to vehicles and other property.
Overall, the documents account for payouts totaling $809,000 to victims and their families and refer to separate but related payments exceeding $265,000. The sums go far beyond the disbursements of $110,000 in cash and 101 rifles acknowledged by Yemeni officials last year.
Gregory Johnsen, a Yemen expert who recently published a detailed investigation of the strike and payments to victims, said it was extremely unlikely that cash-starved Yemen would make such large payments on its own.
Even if Yemen was not directly reimbursed by the United States, it collects hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S. aid. In December, the Pentagon indicated that it planned to spend $64 million in fiscal 2014 for “counterterrorism security assistance.”
The U.S. military has in recent years made hundreds of “solatia” payments to compensate victims for errant strikes in war zones, but the payments rarely exceed $5,000 per recipient. A 2013 report by ProPublica cited information from the Pentagon indicating that U.S. forces made 219 payments totaling $891,000 in 2012 in Afghanistan.
The documents also put into question whether the Dec. 12 strike met new criteria imposed by President Obama last year. In a May 2013 speech, Obama said strikes were allowed only in cases when there was “near certainty that no civilians will be killed or injured.”
OTTAWA — The Harper government is downgrading the protection of the North Pacific humpback whale despite objections from a clear majority of groups that were consulted.
Critics say the whales could face greater danger if two major oilsands pipeline projects get the go-ahead, since both would result in a sharp increase in movement of large vessels on the West Coast that occasionally collide with, and kill, whales like the humpback.
The decision was made under the Species At Risk Act (SARA), and declares the humpback a “species of special concern” rather than “threatened.”
The reclassification means the humpback will no longer be “subject to the general prohibitions set out in SARA, nor would its critical habitat be required to be legally protected under SARA,” states the federal government notice published this month in the Canada Gazette.
The decision removes a major legal hurdle that the environmental group Ecojustice said stood in the way of the $7.9-billion Northern Gateway pipeline project that would bring 550,000 barrels of diluted bitumen crude from Alberta to Kitimat.
Ecojustice said in December that a federal review panel's conditional approval of the project flies in the face of the humpback's protections under the federal legislation.
The fate of the humpback was a major issue during the Northern Gateway public hearings that concluded last year, with many groups fearing that collisions, potential spills, and excessive noise would be a serious threat to the whales.
The endangered species legislation declares that “no person shall destroy any part of the critical habitat of any … listed threatened species.”
The federal review panel, in its December report that is expected to lead to a government decision by June, noted that Fisheries and Oceans Canada had testified that “any project activity that could interfere with a species' foraging efficiency, or cause displacement from important feeding sites as a result of disturbance, would be considered as affecting designated critical habitat in a harmful manner.”
The humpback was listed as threatened in 2005, based on a 2003 assessment by the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada, an independent scientific advisory body for the federal government, which concluded its population was in the “low hundreds,” according to the Canada Gazette notice.
But that committee reversed its position in 2011, concluding that there had been no evidence of a population decline since the 1960s, when commercial whaling on the West Coast ended. It cited newer data that suggested the population had grown over several decades and totalled more than 18,000 non-calf whales.
The committee recommended a reclassification at that time, but a decision was delayed due to further scientific analysis prior to this month's decision.
While no longer threatened, the species remained one of “special concern” due to a variety of potential and actual threats, including collisions with vessels that average about three incidents a year, according to research cited in the government notice.
The government sent out 312 consultation letters and got 22 responses back.
Only five were in favour of the new designation — a total made up of two unidentified B.C. government ministries, one tourism organization, one environmental non-government organization, and one “unknown source.”
WASHINGTON D.C. -- Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Wednesday he is asking the Pentagon to suspend efforts to reclaim re-enlistment bonuses of thousands of California National Guard soldiers.
In a statement, Carter said not all soldiers given the bonuses knew they were ineligible to receive the erroneous payments. While there is “an established process in place by which service members can seek relief,” the defense secretary said the process for many has moved too slowly, which has led to “an unreasonable burden on service members.”
“We will provide for a process that puts as little burden as possible on any soldier who received an improper payment through no fault of his or her own,” Carter said. “At the same time, it will respect our important obligation to the taxpayer.”
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said Wednesday that President Obama wants to be fair to all service members, including those who have tried to repay the bonuses.
After Carter's announcment, California's Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein said they would seek a “permanent solution” to the problem.
“When Congress returns after the election, we will introduce legislation to hold the Pentagon to its commitments,” the pair said in a joint statement. “The small number of service members who knew they weren't supposed to receive bonuses will be exempt from the bill. We're hopeful the Pentagon will resolve this issue on its own, but want to ensure those who wore our nation's uniform that they won't be punished for the actions of others.”
Top officials unite to help National Guardsmen keep bonus money
Prior to Carter's announcement, the House Oversight Committee said Tuesday it has launched an investigation into the attempt to reclaim the re-enlistment bonuses.
The committee asked the Guard to turn over all documents and audits related to the decade-old payments of $15,000 or more to soldiers who agreed to re-enlist for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The National Guard has said the bonuses were wrongly paid but its effort to reclaim them from thousands of soldiers and veterans in California and across the country has caused public outcry, including widespread criticism from Congress.
Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz of Utah and three other Republicans said in a letter that officials who mismanaged the bonus programs must be “held accountable.” The lawmakers said Guard officials must turn over relevant documents by Nov. 7.
Maj. Gen. Matthew Beevers of the California National Guard said officials are working with Congress to approve legislation ordering the National Guard Bureau to clear the debts of soldiers who were wrongly told they were eligible for bonuses of $15,000 or more.
Col. Peter Cross, spokesman for the California National Guard, said Tuesday that about $22 million has been collected so far from fewer than 2,000 soldiers.
Other states may have been affected, but “California is where the majority of this occurred,” said National Guard Bureau spokeswoman Laura Ochoa.
Calif. asks National Guardsmen to pay back bonuses
Soldiers said they feel betrayed at having to repay the money.
“These bonuses were used to keep people in,” said Christopher Van Meter, a 42-year-old former Army captain and Iraq veteran who was awarded a Purple Heart. “People like me just got screwed.”
Van Meter said he refinanced his home mortgage to repay $25,000 in reenlistment bonuses and $21,000 in student loan repayments that the military says was improperly given to him.
Susan Haley, a Los Angeles native and former Army master sergeant who deployed to Afghanistan in 2008, said she feels betrayed. She said she sends the Pentagon $650 a month -- a quarter of her family's income -- to pay down her debt to the military.
“They'll get their money, but I want those years back,” said Haley, who served for six years.
The Pentagon demanded the soldiers repay their enlistment bonuses after audits revealed overpayments by the California National Guard under pressure to fill ranks and hit enlistment goals at the height of the two wars. If soldiers refused, they could have faced interest charges, wage garnishments and tax liens.
Ludlam Island Brewery will be celebrating their first anniversary on Thursday, June 29th starting at 4pm at the Taproom. Owner Bill Topley's path to opening in Dennis Township was not the easiest, and this milestone is one that everyone at Ludlam Island should be extremely proud of. This is truly a story of dedication, perseverence, and the realization of a dream.
Ludlam Island was formed in 2012 and with the intention to open a brewery in Sea Isle City, which the city ultimately would not allow. Most people would just give up, but Bill was not one of those people. He regrouped, found a great facility, and opened a little more than a year after Sea Isle City dismissed his proposal. Although Sea Isle City did not allow them to open, Bill still pays homage to Sea Isle City by using the name Ludlam Island (the island which Sea Isle city sits on), having the SIC initial featured in their diving helmet logo, and one of their flagship beers is named Fish Alley IPA after that historic section of Sea Isle City that houses the commercial fishing docks, restaurants, and seafood stores that promote the locally caught seafood.
For those of you that have not visited the brewery you need to get there. Head Brewer Joe Laluk, along with his assistant brewer Brad Young, are making some really great beer. We had the opportunity to sit down with these two young brewers last week for an upcoming feature and they really love what they do. They are both thoughtful and have a clear vision as to where they want to go with their brews in the future, yet are grounded enough to make sure that the beer they are producing now is done correctly within the style they are brewing. They are making some great IPA's, Pale Ale's, Brown's, and Stouts that are true to style for any serious beer lover. In addition, Joe has come up with a few interesting beers that you don't see everywhere like his Reuben Gose, a play on the traditional Reuben Sandwich brewed with flaked rye and caraway seeds that is both salty and sour, and East Koast Kölsch which was perfected after Bill took Joe on a trip to Cologne, Germany (and a few other places) the birthplace of this style.
Join us on Thursday for the celebration with beers on cask, complimentary food provided by Philly Fry, and to buy the limited edition Commemorative Mug which you can buy now for 27$. The mug is a great deal and comes with a few other added bonuses which make this a no-brainer.
Congratulations to Bill, Joe, Brad, Lacey, Kristin, and everyone involved in making this a successful first year! Cheers!
Like this: Like Loading...
It's true that Elon Musk is seen as nearly perfect (especially in the Quora community). It's because a very few percentages of people can start one successful company, and he's founded three (Zip2, SpaceX, PayPal) and been involved in others (Tesla, SolarCity, OpenAI). He's now leading two companies in two completely different industries that have long-term goals that resemble science fiction. His companies are striving to change the way we live, not consume goods. That kind of success and drive is unprecedented; that's why Musk is hailed as one of the greatest entrepreneurs and the reason why everyone is obsessed with him. Everyone wants to be like him.
However, no one is perfect, and everyone has a dark side, especially insanely successful men like Elon Musk (often because of the traits that make them successful). Musk's flaws are highlighted in Ashlee Vance's comprehensive biography on Musk: Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future: Ashlee Vance: 9780062301239: Amazon.com: Books.
Elon Musk is not the best with relationships. He even whispered to his first wife during the wedding, “I am the alpha in this relationship”.
He never took no for an answer, and he rode his employees hard, right out of their minds, and sometimes right out of the company. Mary Beth Brown was a devoted assistant to Musk, who was there from the beginning of SpaceX (when it was viewed as a joke) and worked the same hours he did. However, when she asked for a raise, Musk still questioned her value to the company and after telling her to take two weeks off, decided that SpaceX could operate fine without her.
He is uncompromising and demanding, forcing employees to work long hours (if any other CEO did this, no one would work for him/her but since Musk's companies' goals are so exciting and meaningful, everyone agrees to pour their heart and soul into the company's mission).
He had laser-like focus; if there was something he wanted, he would stop at nothing to get it, often sacrificing other personal aspects of his life and leaving behind casualties.
Although he's extremely humble in interviews, he doesn't truly see anyone else on the same level as him, and will assert his superiority to remind others of that. His second wife explained to Ashlee Vance that “Elon doesn't have to listen to anyone in life. No one. He doesn't have to listen to anything that doesn't fit into his worldview. But he proved he would take s**t from me.” That makes it difficult for him to relate to others and develop meaningful relationships. But his immense confidence and inability to conceive of himself failing allowed him to establish three successful companies in the first place.
As you start to realize, many successful people have flaws that are not independent. That is, they aren't separate from all their good traits (work ethic, focus, confidence). In fact, the flaws originate from the very traits that make them successful. Michael Jordan was a ruthless competitor, which made him so great in high-pressure situations and in the game of basketball. However, his gambling problem and intense leadership style stemmed from this incessant competitiveness. Steve Jobs could be vicious to his employees not because he was simply a mean guy, but because of his immense passion for the company, and he demanded utmost perfection from his employees. Nikola Tesla made outlandish claims that he could never live up to. It wasn't that he was simply a liar and wanted the publicity; he was an engineering visionary and because of this, his mind constantly wandered to these incredible possibilities and visions he dreamt up and as a result, he never focused on one invention.
The point is, even people who are worshipped and idolized are not perfect and can sometime have even more glaring flaws than ordinary people. Many incredibly successful people have an extremity (whether it be immense confidence or insane work ethic or incessant drive), and often, these extremities cause them other problems in life. But these extremities are what ultimately help them attain that level of success.
Moreover, it's these flaws that humanize them and give us a unique and renewed perspective of who they are. Although most of their imperfections are the result of extremities many people don't have, it still inspires confidence and helps young generations realize, “Hey, they're not perfect. They're humans, just like me. If they've come this far and achieved this much, then why can't I?”
Sources:
Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future: Ashlee Vance: 9780062301239: Amazon.com: Books
Jim Cantrell's answer to How did Elon Musk learn enough about rockets to create and run SpaceX?
Justine Musk's answer to How can I be as great as Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk or Sir Richard Branson?
No history, no future?
Published in General
Some months ago Taoiseach Enda Kenny declared before President Obama and the world that the real wealth of Ireland was our history, our island story passed on from one generation to the next. It has sustained us in the past and will carry us on into a more prosperous future. And yet it is his government which is now about to threaten the very existence of history in our schools. The Minister for Education, Ruaidhrí Quinn, as part of his agenda to improve literacy and numeracy, has declared that the number of subjects that an individual student can take for the Junior Certificate examination will be limited to eight. These must include Irish, English and maths. Of the remaining five, most students will want to include a language and a science subject so as to leave their third-level options open. That leaves history, geography, music, art, domestic science, second languages, religion, business, economics, etc. all scrabbling for the remaining three places in each student's programme. The minister will, of course, point out that students are free to choose history, but since it has few direct career implications ambitious parents and school principals will inevitably press the case for more utilitarian subjects in the examinable eight. And while the minister will say that schools can offer small modules of history, anyone familiar with the Irish education scene knows that that which is not examined is not valued and therefore not included in the timetable. The result is ‘goodbye history', and probably some of the other subjects as well. One of the strengths of Irish education—the wide range of subjects studied by students in second-level schools—will be gone forever. And if history vanishes from the junior cycle of schools, how many will there be studying it at senior level?
In a journal like this it is hardly necessary to make the case for retaining history. By definition, those who buy something called History Ireland must be interested in the subject. We value history as a way of understanding ourselves and where we come from. But will future generations be able to share this understanding? With a decade of commemorations coming up, are we about to produce a generation of historically illiterate young people, unable to set these events in context and liable to be excessively influenced by those who wish to use these anniversaries for their own purposes? Back in the early years of the state that was how history was taught. Nationalist myths went largely unexamined in the schools until the 1960s. We saw the results of that in 30 years of needless ‘armed struggle'. Better history and better history-teaching played a part in deconstructing the myths of the past from which some of this violence drew its inspiration. Do we want to risk allowing the myths to grow again?But school history is not just important for correcting nationalist myths. A person without some knowledge of the broad sweep of history is not properly educated. The current Junior Certificate programme allows students to know something about the Romans and the Normans, to have an idea about when Europeans reached America or when Martin Luther issued his challenge to the pope, to learn who painted the Mona Lisa or built the first factory, to understand the reasons for mourning the victims of the Irish famine and the Jewish holocaust. This history—the history of our world and our place in it—is our children's heritage. Is the minister about to deprive them of it? But these are the arguments of the historically committed. There are also more general educational values to history. It gives students a sense of the past and their place in it. Without some study of history how does a young person understand the context out of which the present has grown? The popularity of ‘heritage', whether in programmes like Who do you think you are? or in the search for family history, shows the deep need there is in people to understand themselves and their past. Students feel this too and need a study of the broader sweep of history to develop an understanding of the context out of which they come. The minister seems to think that by reducing the width of the Junior Certificate examination system he will provide more space for the improvement of students' literacy and numeracy. Since history involves considerable amounts of reading, it is difficult to see how dropping it could increase the time available for developing reading skills. Numeracy too has its place in history. Understanding and manipulating dates involve sequencing numbers, and there is evidence that developing an understanding of sequence is important in a student's development of mathematical understanding. So is understanding causation, and that is one of the central skills of history. The quality of Irish education has been much debated in recent months. This debate was sparked by the Pisa report, which showed an apparent slippage in standards of literacy and numeracy, though there is no evidence that those writing this report took on board the fact that in the period covered schools were also dealing with large numbers of foreign nationals for whom English was a second language and with integrating students with special needs into mainstream education. A recurring theme in this debate is the excessive reliance on rote learning; where Junior Certificate history is concerned, there is a good deal of validity in this criticism. But the critics are looking in the wrong place when they blame schools, teachers and the examination system as a whole. The real villain, at least where history is concerned, is the Junior Certificate examination paper. It is really bad. Questions ask for little snippets of information, detached from any context. Whole questions can be answered using memory alone. The skills of history, so clearly set out in the introduction to the syllabus, are not examined. Students hoping to do well do not have to demonstrate whether they have acquired these skills, and teachers have no need to teach them. Instead, for that all-important examination success, both pupil and teacher must be sure that ‘the facts' have been learnt off by heart. Why is this? One reason is the policy of the Department of Education, which separates curriculum construction from the process of examination design. Committees work hard to come up with a good statement of aims and a well-balanced curriculum that is intended to develop the skills of history. They then have no input into how it is examined or whether the examination that emerges will test those aims and skills.
This is where reform should begin and where it is badly needed. A more searching examination paper—one that really tested the ability of students to analyse, criticise, sequence and contextualise—would go a long way towards overcoming the current criticisms of school history at Junior cycle. Of course, such a paper will be difficult to design and to mark, but the effort will be worthwhile. As the results of the Project Maths experiment seem to show, students can handle exam papers that ask them to think, not merely to remember. If this is done in history too the minister could leave behind a record of genuine reform instead of what at present seems his more likely legacy—an education system devoid of history and generations of historically illiterate young people. HI
Elma Collins is a former teacher and author of history textbooks.
Khalil Mack had a superb four-year career at the University at Buffalo, State University of New York. On Thursday, ESPN NFL Draft Expert Mel Kiper Jr. projected Bulls' linebacker Mack to be selected seventh overall by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the 2014 NFL Draft.
Mack was an outside linebacker for the Bulls. He capped off a remarkable collegiate career by recording 100 tackles and 10.5 sacks this past season.
He finished his collegiate career with 327 tackles, 75 for loss, 28.5 sacks, 21 pass deflections and 16 forced fumbles. These impressive statistics have contributed to Kiper Jr. projecting him to be selected within the first 10 picks of the 2014 NFL Draft.
Kiper Jr. had the Buccaneers selecting Mack with the seventh overall pick in his latest mock draft. NFLDraftScout.com Senior Analyst Rob Rang wrote on Wednesday that Mack could be selected earlier than that in the 2014 NFL Draft, according to CBSSports.com.
” …That versatility could land him a spot in the top five,” Rang said. “Some, in fact, view him as a darkhorse candidate for the Texans at No. 1 overall.”
Numerous NFL Draft Experts have speculated that a quarterback or South Carolina defensive end Jadeveon Clowney would be the first overall pick in the 2014 NFL Draft. Rang writing that Mack could be the first overall pick in the draft, shows how talented he is.
Mack is 6 feet 3 inches and weighs 248 pounds. His best 40-yard dash time is 4.54 seconds, which allows him to be a very good player.
With his size and speed, he can maneuver past offensive linemen and effectively rush the quarterback or running back. There were numerous plays this past season where he not only beat the offensive lineman that was blocking him, but he also was the first defender to reach the quarterback or running back.
This contributed to Mack breaking the Football Bowl Subdivision, FBS, record for career forced fumbles and tying the FBS record for career tackles for loss.
Even though he played in the ‘weak' Mid-American Conference, he was able to show his dominance against ‘good' teams this past season. Among the ‘good' teams the Bulls played were Ohio State and Baylor.
The Buckeyes and the Bears finished this past season with a combined 23-4 record. This includes the Buckeyes playing in the Discover Orange Bowl.
In those two games, Mack was able to record a combined 13 tackles, two-and-a-half sacks and one interception. This shows that he is not intimidated when he plays good teams.
With his size and speed, he can also be effective in pass coverage. He is fast enough in order to shadow slot receivers and he has the size and strength to cover tight ends.
Matt Miller of NFLDraftScout.com compared Mack to Washington Redskins' linebacker Brian Orakpo.
“Like Brian Orakpo, Mack has the ability to dominate with pure athleticism,” Miller said, according to Darren Page of Bleacher Report.
If Mack could perform in the NFL like Orakpo has, then he will have a very successful NFL career. In five seasons, Orakpo has 230 tackles, 39.5 sacks and six forced fumbles.
Mack has tremendous potential and it will be interesting to see who selects him in the 2014 NFL Draft. His skill set has the potential to upgrade some of the terrible defenses in the NFL.
CTVNews.ca Staff
The federal government is considering outsourcing some diplomatic work at missions abroad as Canada's striking Foreign Service officers give little indication they are prepared to abandon the picket lines and return to their jobs.
Sources tell CTV News that the government is considering replacing some Foreign Service officers at various missions abroad with local, cheaper hires.
Treasury Board President Tony Clement, the government's representative at the contract negotiations, said Tuesday: “We are looking at all our options, and that includes things that have not been done in the past,” but would not directly say that this includes replacement workers.
“I can't confirm or deny that at this juncture,” Clement said.
Tim Edwards, president of the Professional Association of Foreign Service Officers, said the fact that replacement workers are being considered, “shows we're getting deep under his skin. It shows we've got his attention.”
Edwards, however, was skeptical that the government would use replacement workers.
“International effectiveness, negotiating skills, communications skills, the whole package,” Edwards told CTV News. “You can't simply replace that at the drop of a hat.”
The war of words followed ramped up efforts on the part of the striking diplomats in recent days, including rallies outside the Prime Minister's Office and at Canadian missions around the world Tuesday. On Monday, about 150 visa officers were the latest to take part in a rotating job action, which affected about 15 overseas missions.
The union increased its strike action after talks aimed at working out binding arbitration broke down last week.
The strike is nearing the five-month mark.
CTV News obtained an internal email written by the deputy minister of foreign affairs to all staff that suggests tensions are also escalating between striking workers and staff who aren't on the picket line. The memo warns of “zero tolerance” for anyone who tries to intimidate or threaten their peers.
Although the government and its Foreign Service workers are at an impasse, the opposition said the concept of outsourcing diplomats raises a number of red flags.
“You can't just pick people off the street or out of one office and stick them into an environment, which involves considerable security requirements, representing Canada internationally,” said NDP MP Jack Harris.
Apart from security concerns, the strike is also having an impact on the Canadian economy, as visa applications for tourists, seasonal workers and international students are in limbo.
“It's causing a great deal of concern and anxiety within our foreign service,” said Liberal MP Kevin Lamoureux said. “And it's costing our economy money.”
With a report from CTV's Richard Madan and files from The Canadian Press
As I noted earlier, as outrageous as John Yoo's memo itself is, the process by which it came to be implemented is remarkable in its own right.
As Jane Mayer reported in The New Yorker two years ago, Yoo's March, 2003 memo to Pentagon General Counsel William Haynes came to be implemented by a two-faced process.
In part to satisfy internal administration critics of the Pentagon's interrogation program at Guantanamo Bay, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld in 2003 convened a “working group” of lawyers from all branches of the armed services to develop new interrogation guidelines. That group included Alberto Mora, the former general counsel of the U.S. Navy, who outlined his efforts to prevent the use of torture in a 22-page memo (pdf) that was ultimately made public, and who was the focus of Mayer's piece.
But Yoo's memo, issued shortly after the working group began meeting, pretty much determined the direction of where the working group would end up. While Mora and other lawyers concerned about the use of torture were able to see a draft version of the working group's report, Rumsfeld ultimately signed a final version of the report without the knowledge of several lawyers who were ostensibly its authors. That report was then related to Major General Geoffrey Miller, who was then in command of Gitmo. Soon after, the Pentagon sent him to Iraq to advise officials there on interrogating Iraqi detainees.
At the same time, Haynes publicly assured Congress and human rights groups in a June 25, 2003 letter that “it is the policy of the United States to comply with all its legal obligations in its treatment of detainees.” The Pentagon had not authorized the use of torture, or cruel, inhumane, or degrading treatment. Mora told Mayer that after he saw Haynes' letter, he'd “sent an appreciative note to Haynes, saying that he was glad to be on his team.”
Mayer writes:
Without Mora's knowledge, the Pentagon had pursued a secret detention policy. There was one version, enunciated in Haynes's letter to Leahy, aimed at critics. And there was another, giving the operations officers legal indemnity to engage in cruel interrogations, and, when the Commander-in-Chief deemed it necessary, in torture. Legal critics within the Administration had been allowed to think that they were engaged in a meaningful process; but their deliberations appeared to have been largely an academic exercise, or, worse, a charade.
Marty Lederman, writing today, asks:
Judge Linda Parker called the law “viewpoint discrimination” against union fundraising. (Photo: Charles V. Tines / Detroit News)
Michigan unions have won a preliminary injunction to block the state from enforcing a new political fundraising payroll deduction law that a federal judge deemed a form of “viewpoint discrimination.”
U.S. District Judge Linda A. Parker on Thursday ruled unions were likely to succeed on First Amendment arguments in their lawsuit challenging the state law, which prohibits companies from collecting and transferring voluntary contributions to unions' political action funds.
“In short, the Court finds that by enacting PA 269, Michigan has placed an obstacle — bolstered by the threat of a felony charge — in the path of organizations' and employees' efforts to solicit and raise funds necessary to engage in political speech,” wrote Parker, who was appointed by President Barack Obama, a Democrat.
Parker said the law does “not apply evenhandedly” because it allows a company to make employee payroll deductions for contributions to a nonprofit group of which it is a member, such as the Michigan Chamber of Commerce, but not a union.
The Michigan State AFL-CIO, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and Michigan State Utility Workers Council and two individual union members sued the state in May, fighting a law that limited their ability to raise funds for political purposes in the current and future election cycles.
Michigan's Republican-led Legislature approved the heavily revised bill in late December despite complaints from Democrats, who said they had not had time to read the full language. The bill ballooned from 12 pages to 53 pages under a substitute introduced by Rep. Lisa Lyons, R-Alto.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder signed the legislation Dec. 31.
Attorney General Bill Schuette's office, which fought the requested injunction, argued that payroll deductions should not be considered a form of speech protected under the U.S. Constitution.
The law is not a viewpoint-based regulation, Schuette's office said in a court filing, because “it does not prevent any unions or its members from association with each other or from soliciting funds and they are free to speak as they wish.”
It is the second preliminary injunction from a federal judge against a provision of the law, which also prohibited local government officials from distributing information about ballot proposals, a restriction dubbed a “gag order” by critics.
U.S. District Judge John Corbett O'Meara granted an injunction barring enforcement of that portion of the law after a lawsuit from local officials.
Parker, who served as director of the Michigan Department of Civil Rights under Democratic Gov. Jennifer Granholm, said unions are likely to win on contract claims over the payroll deduction provision even if they do not prevail on free speech grounds.
“We're very pleased with the court's ruling in this case,” AFL-CIO attorney Andy Nickelhoff said in a statement. “This is a big win for working people.”
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/295XqRD
Magen David Adom, Israel's national emergency service, has developed an app that the organization hopes will fundamentally change how first responders communicate with civilians in emergency situations. The app, called My MDA, can instantly provide dispatchers and ambulance teams with the exact location of the user, medical information, and photos or a live video feed from the scene.
“We aim to save as much time as possible. I save time if I don't need to ask where you are because I see you,” said Ido Rosenblat, MDA's CIO. “I drop 20 seconds here, 40 seconds there. For someone who is in cardiac arrest, it's very significant.”
My MDA will be highlighted at the organization's annual New York Gala on Monday, December 12. The app is currently being used by about 30,000 Israelis and was first released in October.
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
In an emergency situation, an injured or sick person or a witness can use the app to quickly connect with MDA dispatchers. Users of the app pre-load whatever personal information they want to share with medical personnel, including their medical history, sensitivities to medications and other products, their most recent EKG results and whether they are hearing or speech impaired. The dispatchers can quickly see the location of the caller through the phone's GPS or by triangulating the phone. They get the users' information and can receive photos or a live video feed from the scene, and can decide which ambulance or personnel to send to the scene and which hospital they should head to.
“In every emergency dispatch center in the world, all the dispatchers are blind. They can talk and they can hear, but they don't see,” Rosenblat said. “This is the first time in the world that the dispatchers can see the scene before the ambulance arrives.”
The dispatchers are also trained paramedics, so they can advise anyone at the scene on how to deal with the situation, and can begin to coordinate with nearby hospitals to receive patients that need immediate treatment.
Victims of accidents are often under extreme stress and cannot answer all the necessary questions, so having the information and imagery quickly available to dispatchers and ambulance teams is crucial, Rosenblat said. Hikers or tourists might not know exactly where they are, for example.
People at the site of the emergency can also use the app to see the ambulance approaching.
“A civilian who calls an ambulance, we want them to see how much time until the ambulance gets to him,” said Eli Bin, MDA's Director-General. “It allows the civilian to calm down. He sees the ambulance is on its way to him, it will take another minute, he sees if there is traffic or not.”
The MDA team took the concept from transportation apps, and has integrated with Waze to see accidents along the way.
My MDA is free and available in six languages — Hebrew, Arabic, English, Russian, French and Amharic. If someone cannot speak and needs to use a chat feature to communicate with dispatchers, the app uses Google Translate to automatically translate for the user and the dispatcher.
Users can also save information for family members in the app, such as elderly grandparents, and call emergency services for them.
Amir Elichai, the founder and CEO of Reporty, an emergency response app backed by former prime minister Ehud Barak, has worked with MDA over the last couple of years. His company is moving into the American market, where a fractured and inefficient 911 system is estimated to cause thousands of deaths every year.
“The world is going to applications and these kinds of communications,” Elichai said. “People are starting to believe in the application as a way to communicate with first responders.”
The app has been used successfully already, Rosenblat said, recounting an accident in the town of Majdal Shams, in the Golan Heights. A 50-year-old man severed three of his fingers and sent in a photo of his hand. The dispatchers coordinated treatment with the teams sent to the site and at Ziv Medical Center in Safed, who were ready before the patient arrived, and the man's fingers were successfully reattached.
“We want everyone to wait for the patient, so the patient doesn't wait for everyone,” Rosenblat said.
My MDA will be featured at the organization's annual gala, on Monday, December 12, in New York City. The event will be attended by former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg, and will feature other developments from MDA, including a national blood bank being built in the city of Ramle.
CLOSE Howard University hospital in Washington, D.C., confirmed Friday that it has admitted a patient -- a recent traveler to Nigeria -- who has symptoms that could be associated with Ebola. VPC
Howard University Hospital in Washington has admitted a patient with Ebola-like symptoms, according to a hospital spokesperson on Oct. 3, 2014. (Photo11: Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images)
Howard University hospital in Washington, D.C., confirmed Friday that it has admitted a patient -- a recent traveler to Nigeria -- who has symptoms that could be associated with Ebola.
The unidentified patient is listed in stable condition, according to Kerry-Ann Hamilton, a spokesperson for the hospital.
"In an abundance of caution, we have activated the appropriate infection control protocols, including isolating the patient. Our medical team continues to evaluate and monitor progress in close collaboration with the CDC and the Department of Health," Hamilton said in a statement.
The statement did not indicate when the patient had most recently been in Nigeria.
Dr. Joxel Garcia, director of the D.C. Department of Health, said his organization is working with the Centers for Control and Prevention and Howard University Hospital "to monitor any patients displaying symptoms associated with the Ebola virus. At this time, there are no confirmed cases of Ebola in the District of Columbia."
CLOSE Natalie DiBlasio hosts USA NOW on the latest developments on the Ebola virus in the U.S.
According to the latest figures from the World Health Organization, the total number of cases in the current Ebola outbreak in West Africa is now 7,178, with 3,338 reported deaths, mainly in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
No new Ebola cases have been diagnosed in Nigeria, which is also in West Africa, since Aug. 31, suggesting that the outbreak there has been contained, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In Dallas, a Liberian National, Thomas Eric Duncan, has been hospitalized after testing positive for the deadly virus. Duncan's family has been quarantined in their Dallas apartment for 21 days.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vDfiuI
Meet Michael Brown.
Image Credit: Facebook via NY Daily News
Michael is the latest victim of deadly police misconduct. During an altercation with an officer in Ferguson, Mo., on Saturday, the unarmed 18-year-old was shot multiple times and killed. Several witnesses allege he had both his hands in the air at the time.
Specifics about the incident are still trickling out, but CNN reported that at a news conference on Sunday, St. Louis County Police Department chief, Jon Belmar said, that they can confirm that "The genesis of this was a physical confrontation."
On Saturday afternoon, the officer in question attempted to get out of his car when Brown pushed him back into it. Belmar explained that Brown "physically assaulted" the officer and a struggle for the officer's gun ensued. There was one shot fired inside the vehicle and then Brown was struck down roughly 35 feet away from the car.
While waiting for the medical examiner to confirm the number of shots fired, Belmar did say that "it was more than just a couple," all of which were discharged from only one weapon – the cop's gun.
The uproar: On Saturday and Sunday, demonstrators and Brown supporters gathered in front of the Ferguson Police Department. Many of them joining in to chant, "We are Michael Brown."
But the decries of the tragedy did not stop there. Social media has been flooded with harsh criticism of Brown's death.
The #Ferguson police story about #MikeBrown has changed 3 times. Witnesses have been telling the same story since yesterday. Who u believe? August 10, 2014
police officers are still the biggest gang in america....let's see how they squirm their way out of punishment this time #ferguson August 10, 2014
There's a duty for non-Black POC to condemn police violence on Black victims. Not for "solidarity," but as a moral imperative. #ferguson August 10, 2014
Ferguson Police have dogs and shotguns. The unarmed crowd is raising their hands. https://t.co/1ZiGdxUQq6 August 10, 2014
What the hell is going on in Ferguson?! pic.twitter.com/S5Yjnns6bU August 9, 2014
As a suburb of St. Louis, Ferguson's 21,000 residents are predominantly black and racial tensions are fueling the fire. However, this is not an isolated occurrence. On July 17th, New York City resident, Eric Garner was placed in a chokehold, quickly lost consciousness, went into cardiac arrest and died in custody. The city and the nation exploded by lambasting bad police practices and accusing the officers of being racially motivated.
Brown's death has also drawn comparisons to the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, the unarmed black teen killed by George Zimmerman in a gated Florida community in 2012.
Brown's death is currently under investigation. The officer involved is on paid administrative leave, but an unarmed teen, shot at close range, lost his life. Putting the consequences of Saturday's events in comparison like that, job suspension is not enough. Putting an end to improper police behaviour is.
The Sports Fair is an event that features only in Animal Forest, Animal Forest+, Animal Crossing, and Animal Forest e+. There are two fairs - the fair in Autumn takes place from September 23rd to September 24, while the one in the Spring is set from March 20th to March 21.
Tortimer, the mayor, is present at the events, which take place around the Wishing Well. After speaking to Tortimer, the player will receive a medal which can be placed in their home. Each event has its own music, which replaces the hourly music in the surrounding acres. All participating villagers wear white outfits - girls have a pink stripe along the side, while boys have blue stripes.
Contents show]
Events
Aerobics
At 9 in the morning, Copper heads an aerobics session that four villagers participate in, mimicking his actions. The player also can participate, using the C Stick to control the motions. Occasionally, villagers will lose their place and start to panic. The event ends at 11 in the morning.
The foot race is an event that begins right after the aerobics session, running for two hours. Four villagers will participate, while a fifth villager acts as the starter. There is a race for each gender, each involving running around the Wishing Well five times. The winner and loser of each race will both show emotions after the race is over. The non-participating villagers will be on the sidelines cheering. While racing, villagers will frequently trip over, much to their embarrassment. The player can also participate, using the "B" button to run.
Ball Toss
The ball toss is the third event in the sports fair, starting at 1pm and ending at 3pm, two hours later. Two teams of two villagers will repeatedly throw balls into a net, while another villager will cheer on both teams. Many of the villagers are confused by this sport, while others will find it pointless.
Tug-o-War
The final event in the sports fair is the tug-o-war, which goes for two hours starting at 3pm. Two teams of two pull a long rope across a red line, while a fifth villager waves a red flag enthusiastically at them.
Gallery
Timetable
Event Time Aerobics 9am and 10am Foot Race 11am and 12pm Ball Toss 1pm and 2pm Tug-o-War 3pm and 4pm
So I'm now down in Tampa, getting set up at the University of South Florida after some good years at Notre Dame. Tampa looks great – an exciting city. And USF looks like it will definitely support interdisciplinary efforts like neuroanthropology. So it's all good.
Here's a quote that caught my eye on Sunday:
For in the anything-goes atmosphere of our recent past, it wasn't just external controls that went awry; inwardly, people lost constraint and common sense, too. Now there is a case to be made that problems of self-regulation — of appetite, emotion, impulse and cupidity — may well be the defining social pathology of our time. In the late 1970s, the historian Christopher Lasch famously described America as a culture of narcissism. Today we might well be called a nation of dysregulation. The signs that something is amiss in our inner mechanisms of control and restraint are everywhere.
It came from the NY Times article Dysregulation Now by Judith Warner. She featured the work of Peter Whybrow in the second half of the piece. Whybrow directs the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at UCLA.
Whybrow is the author of American Mania: When More Is Not Enough. It definitely looks like a neuroanthropology-friendly work, with the Amazon description reading: “The indictment of American society offered here—that America's supercharged free-market capitalism shackles us to a treadmill of overwork and overconsumption, frays family and community ties and leaves us anxious, alienated and overweight—is familiar. What's more idiosyncratic and compelling is the author's grounding his treatise in political economy (citing everyone from Adam Smith to Thorstein Veblen) as well as in neuropsychiatry, primatology and genetics.”
Building on Whybrow's work, Warner writes near the end of her piece:
The larger structural problems that create our widespread envy, greed, overconsumption and debt — gross income inequality, for starters — will be much more difficult, politically, to address… [T]he pressures that drive the dysregulated American haven't abated any since the fall of 2008. Wall Street is resurgent, and unemployment is still high. For too many people, the cycle of craving and debt that drives our treadmill existence simply can't be broken.
It's the “modern misfits” story, where human nature no longer matches the human culture we've created. That too is familiar. But at least there is an appreciation of causation at different levels, from human psychology to structural problems, and that's good. And I do happen to think that issues surrounding consumption and self-regulation are rather important, and not sufficiently recognized as problems that need more than simple answers like a Drug War or a pill to break the cycle of craving…
Dysregulation Nation article link.
Peter Whybrow's website.
Pence said Trump “was able to move beyond that controversy” over the 2005 tape. “He expressed genuine contrition for the words he used on the video that became public,” Pence said on Fox News on Monday.
Maybe Pence should be excused for living in an alternate reality. After all, he agreed to run with Trump. But Trump did not show contrition, genuine or not. He tossed off his comments about groping women as locker-room banter (a sadly familiar excuse for men's bad behavior). And he doubled down on attacking Hillary Clinton over Bill Clinton's sordid behavior, holding a photo op right before the debate with three of Bill's accusers, and then trying to get them seated in his family box at the debate.
(By the way, if Hillary Clinton is supposed to be ashamed for standing by her man and believing the best of him, what are we supposed to think about Melania Trump, who did the same thing? And if we are supposed to excuse Trump's comments 11 years ago, why are we still talking about Bill Clinton's decades ago?)
Trump showed last night that he knows next to nothing about foreign policy, claiming that Russia was beating the United States because Obama had done nothing to modernize the American nuclear forces. In the real world, Obama has supported a plan to spend about $1 trillion over the next three decades on modernizing nuclear weapons.
He never backed off his proposal to ban all Muslim immigration. He just called it “extreme vetting,” sort of like President George W. Bush called torture “enhanced interrogation.” Then he went on to lecture Muslim-Americans about informing on their neighbors.
And Trump said that if he is elected, he will appoint a special prosecutor to indict Clinton over her emails. In fact, Trump said, if he were president, she “would be in jail” now. Apparently Trump would have overruled the Federal Bureau of Investigation's finding that no crime was committed and tossed Clinton behind bars (a power the president, thankfully, does not have).
Trump was mean and angry, hovering behind Clinton when she talked to make her look small, interrupting her constantly and berating the debate moderator Martha Raddatz when she tried to get him to stop filibustering and answer a question.
Just because it's pole dancing doesn't mean it isn't art. In this case, pole dancing also means "requires strength". When I see something like this, I automatically ask the question: what kind of forces would this guy have on his arms? And my second question: where can you get shorts like that? Ok, forget about the shorts, let's look at the physics.
Rigid Body Equilibrium ———————-
A rigid body in equilibrium means that it is neither accelerating (linearly) nor changing its angular motion. I can write this as the following equations:
Considering the pole guy (Carlos) as the rigid object then the net force in all directions (I have just shown two directions) must be zero newtons. For the torque, the net torque about any point must be zero N*m. Since he isn't changing his motion about any point, you can find the net torque about any point.
Now for a force diagram.
Yes. I got out of control on that diagram. OUT OF CONTROL. Maybe I shouldn't have put all those extra labels on there, but I couldn't help myself. Plus, I figured I might need those measurements and I didn't want to redraw the diagram. Now, how will I get values for these things? Some of them I will just have to make a reasonable guess. I can guess the two masses and the length scale. After that, I can load this image into Tracker video analysis tool. Yes, this works for images as well as videos. Here are the values I get.
m 1 = 70 kg.
= 70 kg. m 2 = 55 kg.
= 55 kg. x g = 0.2 m.
= 0.2 m. x R = 0.75 m.
= 0.75 m. y R = 0.65 m.
= 0.65 m. x L = 0.85 m.
= 0.85 m. y L = 0.49 m.
= 0.49 m. θ R = 48.9°.
= 48.9°. θ L = 44.7°.
With this, I can write the two net force equations (one for x and y directions).
It looks like I can solve for the two forces right away without the torque equation (which is crazy, I know).
This seems like cheating, but let me put in some values for the masses and the angles. This gives the following magnitudes of forces in the two arms.
F L = 807 N.
= 807 N. F R = 872 N.
So the left arm is under a compression of a force greater than the guy's weight and the right arm is under a tension greater than his weight. That can't be fun.
Why might this be wrong? This might be wrong because it seems like it doesn't matter where the girl is standing. Clearly this can't be correct. If she moves farther away from the pole it has to be harder to hold himself up, right? Yet this expression doesn't have any dependence on her distance.
Torque ——
If these forces are legitimate, then the net torque must also be zero about any point. Without going into much detail, let me give the following definition of torque about the center of mass for this situation (which is partially wrong).
Here F is the magnitude of some force, r is the distance from this force to the origin (center of mass) and α is the angle between the force and r. I will call torques in the counterclockwise direction positive and clockwise torques will be negative. This means that the weight of the girl will have a negative torque. It looks like F L and F R will both be positive - but I will need to check to be sure.
Let's skip all the details. Let me just list the torque from these three forces using the numbers above. Oh, since I am calculating the torque about the center of mass of the guy, his weight will produce zero torque (r is zero meters).
τ R = 120 N*m.
= 120 N*m. τ L = 201 N*m.
= 201 N*m. τ g = -137 N*m.
Obviously, these do not add up to a net torque of zero N*m. Why not? There are several possible causes. First, I might have the center of mass of the guy in the wrong spot. If I move this location a little more to the left the girl would produce more torque about the center of mass (but so might the other forces). The other possible problem is my assumption that the forces from the pole are along the lines of his arms. I think this could be a good approximation, but it doesn't have to be absolutely true. There is a frictional force along the direction of the pole that I didn't take into account.
Still, I think my values are a good first guess.
Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi on Thursday said he believes in destiny when it comes to marriage.
The Congress leader also said he does some sporting activity for about an hour every day to stay fit, revealing that he was a black belt in Aikido, a Japanese martial art.
Gandhi, who hit hard at the Modi government in his speech at the 112th annual session of the PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry, later faced some questions from international professional boxer Vijender Singh, an Olympics bronze medallist.
Vijender, who was a panelist in the session before Gandhi, said he had seen MPs or MLAs cutting ribbons, but never seen them playing a game.
He asked Gandhi what will he do for sports if he became the Prime Minister.
Vijender then said there was talk at his home of when “Rahul bhaiya” will get married, adding that there was a perception that getting married after becoming the Prime Minister will have a different charm.
Gandhi, 47, sought to sidestep the question about his marriage, saying “it was an old question”. But Vijender persisted amid smiles from the audience and said the Congress leader should reply as the people were awaiting his answer.
“I believe in destiny -- Jab hogi, hogi (when it happens, it happens),” Gandhi quipped.
As for politicians not interested in sports, Gandhi said he was not in that category.
“I do exercise -- running, swimming. I am a black belt in Aikido. I keep doing (sports) but I do not talk about it publicly. But in my life, sports has been, is, and will be, very necessary,” the Congress leader said.
“Normally, I do sports for one hour every day. This is true I have not done it in the last 3-4 months. Before that, for my whole life, I have devoted at least an hour daily to sports,” he added.
Vijender then asked Gandhi to put out a video on his sporting activities, saying that people had seen him boxing and wrestling against the government in Parliament and that such videos will inspire others.
“We will put, we will put,” Gandhi said.
First Published: Oct 27, 2017 10:56 IST
Finnish startup Universe will introduce this week its platform for corporate intranet for Google, filling the hole in the search giant's offering in its fight against Microsoft.
Universe takes 1-1 on Microsoft's aging Sharepoint platform, which is heavy and cumbersome to use and even in big organisations tends to fail on a regular basis.
Universe was born from clients' needs at Helsinki-based IT consultancy Gapps whose core team has been working on Universe for a year already. “The clients were asking for it quite a lot and then we decided to go for it, make it and conquer the world,” co-founder Antero Hanhirova told ArcticStartup in a interview.
“We heard it for several years that this kind of thing is needed, that there are exactly these challenges. So we started to develop it following exactly the clients needs,” said Perttu Ojansuu, also a co-founder at Universe. The third co-founder is Vesa Sironen.
Sharepoint + Slack
The team incorporated messaging into the Universe platform and also learned more from Slack, aiming to create similar feeling, ease of using it, but take it to the big companies, where only a few people have idea how to find anything in corporate intranet. And they did use Slack as a role model also for product launch.
“We wanted to start like Slack, fix the product before launch, take care of bugs and make sure it looks smart and good, and is ready for people to pay for it,” said Ojansuu.
“We think we are the missing piece in the ecosystem, enabling it to take on Microsoft in ecosystem war.”
Universe is sold globally through Google partner network and priced at 8 euros per user per month, with special deals for massive companies. The first clients include Finnish national broadcaster YLE and Angry Birds creator Rovio.
“Google Apps with Universe is now the number one SaaS solution available for enterprises. Google ecosystem will now challenge Microsoft 365 in all accounts. I am extremely impressed by the app”, said Peter Vesterbacka, the Mighty Eagle of Rovio and now also an advisor to Universe.
The seemingly endless stacks of filing cabinets inside a West Virginia warehouse could hold the answer to an unsolved mystery: Who owns nearly $17 billion in lost government bonds?
The unclaimed treasure represents the amount of U.S. bonds that have matured but not been redeemed. Many of these outstanding bonds date to World War II, but over the years the certificates were forgotten in cellars, lost in fires or tossed out in the trash. Unless they are found, the U.S. government can keep the loans, interest free.
In the wake of publicity surrounding a lawsuit on the missing bonds earlier this fall, the government has been deluged with requests from people wondering whether they are entitled to repayment.
However, matching the claimants to the missing bonds won't be easy. The Treasury Department has just 10 to 12 people assigned to investigate claims amid the millions of files stored in a federal facility off the shores of the Ohio River in Parkersburg, W. Va. Their job is a little like searching for the box holding the Ark of the Covenant, as depicted in the Indiana Jones movies, among the countless anonymous crates stacked in the government warehouse.
Digitizing the files would help but would cost "several tens of millions" of dollars, officials said. That would eat up a large chunk of the $187 million budget of the Bureau of the Public Debt, a small division of Treasury that oversees its bond programs. The bureau's Web site, http:/ / www.treasurydirect.gov, provides a limited search function called Treasury Hunt. But the searches only cover bonds sold after 1974; most of the lost certificates were issued before then.
A group of state officials claim that Treasury's efforts have fallen short and have filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court in New Jersey to take over the hunt for the bondholders. The states contend they are better equipped for the search -- and have laws that grant them the authority to take for themselves unclaimed proceeds from the bonds.
The state officials calculate that California and New York could get as much as $1.6 billion. Virginia and Maryland stand to reap more than $300 million each and the District could get as much as $81 million. The states that have joined the lawsuit so far are Kentucky, Missouri, Montana, New Jersey, North Carolina and Oklahoma. Treasury has decided to fight the case to keep the states out of its pockets.
The savings bonds were first sold during World War II as government officials urged citizens to help finance the war effort. President Franklin D. Roosevelt bought the first war bond and called on patriotic Americans to join "one great partnership." Celebrities were recruited for sales pitches. Treasury even produced radio musicals to urge listeners to open their wallets.
The paperwork for the bond sales was massive. In 1941, 15.5 million were issued. The next year it grew to 147 million.
Each bond came with an identification stub that was detached from the certificate. The stubs were delivered in massive piles to the Bureau of Public Debt. Over the years they have been recorded on microfilm and stored at the warehouse in West Virginia.
Treasury officials say that most of the bonds were redeemed. But as the decades passed, $16.7 billion of the bonds -- less than 1 percent of the total amount issued -- matured but apparently were forgotten or lost by their holders. Another $143 million in other types of government securities have similarly gone unredeemed. These bonds are now losing value, given the rate of inflation. And they no longer pay out interest.
Occasionally someone will call the bureau with nothing more than the name of a relative and ask officials to investigate whether that person is among the holders of unredeemed bonds. With such scant resources and millions of files to sift through, a bureau official said such requests are unlikely to be fulfilled.
People who write or call to redeem a bond have to prove they are the rightful owner by providing the complete name and address that was written on the original bond certificate and the approximate date it was purchased, the official said.
"The United States Supreme Court has held that the savings bond is a contract between the United States and the registered owner of the bond, and the United States has a perpetual obligation to pay the owner and to honor claims," Mckayla Braden, a senior adviser at the bureau, said in a statement. "The Bureau of the Public Debt stands ready to assist all citizens who have invested in U.S. Savings Bonds."
“The Nigerian government is saying, ‘Can somebody make a movie that will go to global mainstream theaters?' ” Mr. Abulu said. “ ‘Can you make a film where someone in New York will go watch it and not walk out disgusted?' ” He added, “They say I'm the one who can do it.”
Set in Nigeria and New York City, the film is about an African-American cancer specialist in New York, Dr. Michael Durant, who tries to save a young patient by seeking the help of an uncertified Nigerian doctor — Dr. Bello — an immigrant living in Brooklyn. Under the cover of night Bello slips the patient a secret African potion, helping him recover. But Durant's solution is discovered, and he is suspended by his hospital while Bello is imprisoned for medical malpractice.
Soon, however, Bello himself falls critically ill, and it falls to Durant to save him by locating the secret elixir, which is found only in the “Garden of Life” on a mountain range in Nigeria.
Hoping to steer his film away from the straight-to-oblivion route of most Nollywood films, Mr. Abulu has set his sights high by the industry's standards.
“My aim is to introduce Africa to America and to Americans and to introduce Americans to Africans,” he said.
He cast A-list Nollywood stars, including Genevieve Nnaji and Stephanie Okereke. And with an eye to attracting an international mainstream audience, he brought in several Hollywood actors, including Isaiah Washington, best known for “Grey's Anatomy”; Vivica A. Fox (“Kill Bill” and “Independence Day,” among many others); and Jimmy Jean-Louis (the NBC series “Heroes”).
During a break in filming in Brooklyn last spring Mr. Washington, who plays Durant (opposite Ms. Fox as his wife and Mr. Jean-Louis in the title role), said he signed on in part because he was drawn to the opportunity to “cross-pollinate” Hollywood and Nollywood. He also hoped his involvement might, in a way, help Nigeria, he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“How can I bring value to destigmatize Nigeria and destigmatize Nollywood?” he said.
Mr. Abulu planned an ambitious filming schedule that straddled Nigeria and the United States, and he hired Americans for key creative positions, including his director of photography, Scott St. John.
“This isn't a Nollywood film where they edit it in two weeks, and it looks like it was cut by a 7-year-old,” Mr. St. John said.
While the budget was $1 million “on paper,” Mr. Abulu said, actual expenditures will likely top out around $500,000 — minuscule by Hollywood standards but enormous for Nollywood. He was able to cut costs, in part, by persuading many of the cast members, including the stars, to defer at least some of their payment on the promise of a share of profits, he said. The staff of his media company, Black Ivory Communications, agreed to forgo payment altogether for a percentage of profits.
Photo
Mr. Abulu even took out a loan using his mother's house as collateral. “And my mother's 80,” he said. “I'm telling you, this is not a joke.”
In an interview the day after he wrapped principal photography in New York in May he revealed that he had exhausted his cash reserves. “It's all gone, not a dime left,” he said. “I've got to go raise some more money.”
Within days he was in Nigeria trying to attract more sponsorship from corporations there. “It's one thing to get the film in the can,” he said by telephone. “It's another thing to do postproduction.” He also needed money for marketing and was hustling to find a distributor for Europe and the United States. Since then he has taken several more trips to Nigeria, including this month, to try to raise financial support for the film.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
His soaring ambitions are part of what helped to persuade the Nigerian government to back him with the inaugural loan from the new entertainment fund.
Hope Yongo, an executive at the government-owned Nigerian Export-Import Bank, which is managing the fund, said the bank was impressed by Mr. Abulu's conviction that his film would find an audience not only in Nigeria but also abroad.
“That gives us comfort that he will repay the loan,” Mr. Yongo said by telephone from Lagos. “His plan was very good.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Abulu was born and raised in Nigeria, Africa's most populous nation, and immigrated to the United States in the early 1980s. In New York he worked as a cultural impresario, organizing African music and dance performances and tours, then he ran a business magazine focusing on Africa.
In 1997 he released his first feature film, “Back to Africa,” which he made for about $100,000 and peddled door to door around the country, he said, selling it directly to video stores that specialized in African films. Two other films followed: “American Dream” in 2007 and “Crazy Like a Fox” in 2008.
Mr. Abulu, who has also collaborated with the American authorities in cracking down on the illegal trade in African films, is the most prominent member of a small, low-profile group of African filmmakers in New York City.
“What Tony is doing now is definitely like a new level of budget,” said Oliver Mbamara, a Nigerian-American filmmaker who is also a New York State administrative judge in Brooklyn. “We never get that kind of money for movies.”
Though Mr. Abulu sought to elevate “Doctor Bello” above other Nollywood fare, he still shot on a blindingly fast schedule, typical of Nigerian productions. He started filming in late April in Lagos. Within two weeks the production had shifted back to New York City, and principle photography was finished by mid-May.
The production moved quickly, wrapping scenes in no more than a few takes. It changed locations every day, sometimes several times a day, from a borrowed suite in the Ritz-Carlton on Central Park South to the Coler-Goldwater Hospital to Wall Street to the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood in Brooklyn.
One afternoon it filmed at Buka, a Nigerian restaurant on Fulton Street in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn. But Mr. Abulu could not afford the cost of renting out the whole place, so he shot around paying customers, weathering the usual cacophony of a restaurant in full swing.
Some customers were asked to stop talking during takes. “Oh my God,” mumbled one diner to her companions as they picked gingerly at food, trying not to make noise with their forks. “The wrong day to come here.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Abulu did not seem troubled by the imperfect conditions. He plowed through the shoot, remaining cool and issuing directions in a calm voice, and in short order he hustled his cast and crew to another location in Brooklyn. Filming would continue well into the night.
He said he was driven by the conviction that his project transcended moviemaking and had the potential to buoy his home country.
“I don't look at it as entertainment,” he said. “I look at it as a means of survival for Africans.”
Story highlights New Zealand has an agency that signs off on baby names
Some names that have been vetoed are Mafia No Fear and Messiah
New Zealand is not the only country to edit names
Sweden also has a naming law and has nixed Superman as a baby name
Lucifer cannot be born in New Zealand.
And there's no place for Christ or a Messiah either.
In New Zealand, parents have to run by the government any name they want to bestow on their baby.
And each year, there's a bevy of unusual ones too bizarre to pass the taste test.
The country's Registrar of Births, Deaths and Marriages shared that growing list with CNN on Wednesday.
Four words:
What were they thinking?
In the past 12 years, the agency had to turn down not one, not two, but six sets of parents who wanted to name their child "Lucifer."
Also shot down were parents who wanted to grace their child with the name "Messiah." That happened twice.
"Christ," too, was rejected.
Specific rules
As the agency put it, acceptable names must not cause offense to a reasonable person, not be unreasonably long and should not resemble an official title and rank.
It's no surprise then that the names nixed most often since 2001 are "Justice" (62 times) and "King" (31 times).
Some of the other entries scored points in the creativity department -- but clearly didn't take into account the lifetime of pain they'd bring.
"Mafia No Fear." "4Real." "Anal."
Oh, come on!
Then there were the parents who preferred brevity through punctuation. The ones who picked '"*" (the asterisk) or '"."(period).
Slipping through
Still, some quirky names do make it through.
In 2008, the country made made international news when the naming agency allowed a set of twins to be named '
"Benson" and "Hedges" -- a popular cigarette brand -- and OK'd the names "Violence" and "Number 16 Bus Shelter."
Asked about those examples, Michael Mead of the Internal Affairs Department (under which the agency falls) said, "All names registered with the Department since 1995 have conformed to these rules."
And what happens when parents don't conform?
Four years ago, a 9-year-old girl was taken away from her parents by the state so that her name could be changed from "Talula Does the Hula From Hawaii."
Not alone
To be sure, New Zealand is not the only country to act as editor for some parent's wacky ideas.
Sweden also has a naming law and has nixed attempts to name children "Superman," "Metallica," and the oh-so-easy-to-pronounce "Brfxxccxxmnpcccclllmmnprxvclmnckssqlbb11116."
In 2009, the Dominican Republic contemplated banning unusual names after a host of parents began naming their children after cars or fruit.
In the United States, however, naming fights have centered on adults.
In 2008, a judge allowed an Illinois school bus driver to legally change his first name to "In God" and his last name to "We Trust."
But the same year, an appeals court in New Mexico ruled against a man -- named Variable -- who wanted to change his name to "F--- Censorship!"
Here is a list of some the names banned in New Zealand since 2001 -- and how many times they came up
Justice:62
King:31
Princess:28
Prince:27
Royal:25
Duke:10
Major:9
Bishop:9
Majesty:7
J:6
Lucifer:6
using brackets around middle names:4
Knight:4
Lady:3
using backslash between names:8
Judge:3
Royale:2
Messiah:2
T:2
I:2
Queen:2
II:2
Sir:2
III:2
Jr:2
E:2
V:2
Justus:2
Master:2
Constable:1
Queen Victoria:1
Regal:1
Emperor:1
Christ:1
Juztice:1
3rd:1
C J :1
G:1
Roman numerals III:1
General:1
Saint:1
Lord:1
. (full stop):1
89:1
Eminence:1
M:1
VI:1
Mafia No Fear:1
2nd:1
Majesti:1
Rogue:1
4real:1
* (star symbol):1
5th:1
S P:1
C:1
Sargent:1
Honour:1
D:1
Minister:1
MJ:1
Chief:1
Mr:1
V8:1
President:1
MC:1
Anal:1
A.J:1
Baron:1
L B:1
H-Q:1
Queen V:1
With the Season 2 finale of “Mr. Robot” upon us this Wednesday — and Sunday's Emmy Award win for Rami Malek as Outstanding Lead Actor — it feels like an appropriate time to reflect on my own involvement with the show as a technical consultant, and, more broadly, the show's implications for information security.
The technical questions I was asked by the show's writing staff threw me off balance on several occasions, because what they wanted the characters to do was on a larger scale than the types of attacks I was accustomed to contemplating. Thinking about how to compromise a web server and then pivot to a database server to get at some data, for example, pales in comparison to executing a crypto-ransomware attack like the one against E Corp. And that attack, as it turned out, was only the beginning.
The exercise of planning some of the show's hacks is certainly interesting, but the more dire the consequences, the more difficult it becomes, because what's being shown could — and in some cases has — happen(ed).
The question I get asked most often is “How did you get involved?” with this show that has been praised for its “unusually accurate portrait of hacking” used by our heroes against the evil E Corp.
In addition to making the cyberattacks realistic, we also want them to be timely.
A long time ago, in an office building far, far away, I worked with the (now) staff writer and tech producer Kor Adana. I was responsible for IT security, and Adana was a trusty lieutenant. We worked on a lot of things, but the best project we ever collaborated on was only loosely work-related. Specifically, we may have used some hacking tools in order to remind a free-riding co-worker that, in order to partake of the donuts that magically appeared every Friday, you were supposed to sign up to periodically provide said donuts. When his browser wouldn't take him anywhere on the internet except the Dunkin' Donuts website, the message became clear and justice was served. Those high jinks may have been what sealed the deal for Adana and me.
Years after that stunt, we ran into each other at LAX, and Adana mentioned that he had something in the pipeline that he couldn't talk much about, but which had him very excited; he asked if he could “call with questions” if it came together. A few months later, the call did come with the introduction: “You're on speaker with the writers' room ...” which is a surprisingly disorienting phrase when your day job is not in Hollywood.
By the way, astute “Robot” watchers may have noticed that a certain minor E Corp executive and I have something in common. The character's name — James Plouffe — and his untimely end — he committed suicide on live TV — were part of the “compensation” for my work during the first season.
Kor had intended this as a surprise which, owing to the studio's legal obligations, got revealed earlier than planned: It turns out that someone insisting “he'll totally think this is hilarious” does not provide attorneys with the same level of comfort as a signed agreement promising not to sue over things my namesake does on screen. In hindsight, it made me wonder what trauma I had inflicted to warrant being dispatched in such a fashion but — for the record — I did think it was hilarious. Though my character was short-lived, you can see nods to my continued involvement in the Season Two references to the water contamination in Flint, Mich., seen throughout the E Corp Risk Management department.
How does it all come together?
Like most successful enterprises, making it happen is a team effort. The writers' room for “Mr. Robot” typically starts up in mid-fall, and after they've sketched out some of the broad arcs, the tech consulting team (led by Adana and comprised of Michael Bazzell, Ryan Kazanciyan, Andre McGregor, Marc Rogers and myself) get to work. In many ways, we're in a parallel writers' room: While the rest of the writing staff are working on the what, where and why, we're focused on the how (with Adana as our conduit to the show's universe).
Hacking is how other shows get from Point A to Point B without doing a lot of heavy lifting; if one character needs something, a second character can “hack” something to get it so that things can move forward.
When I'm asked what it's like to work on the show, I share the IT urban legend about an angry customer demanding that a technology vendor send its 10 best engineers to help the customer design a fix for a problem introduced by the vendor's hardware. The vendor account executive politely declines by explaining that if you put 10 smart people at the same whiteboard, one will be writing and the other nine will be erasing.
That's exactly the way it feels sometimes as we hammer out the particulars of how the characters will perpetrate their various miscreant acts. Each member of our team has a different background and perspective, so we come at the objectives from different angles. As such, we usually have to spend a little time arguing to make sure the ideas we're proposing account for the latest security research, and that they pass a “MythBusters litmus test”: Is it Busted, Plausible or Confirmed?
Obviously, Busted is an immediate disqualification, Confirmed is usually acceptable, and Plausible is the subject of additional scrutiny, research and debate. We spend a lot of time on this because, in addition to making the attacks realistic, we also want them to be timely.
Why do other shows (and movies) get it so wrong?
Much has been made of “Mr. Robot's” fanatical attention to technological detail, which stands in stark contrast to the depiction of technology in most other forms of visual media. Executive producer and head writer Sam Esmail deserves a lot of credit for empowering Kor to get it right. They have the dedication of documentarians when it comes to showing technology and hacking as they are. The amount of time we spent vetting which actual models of smartwatches could be successfully compromised to attack Susan Jacobs's home automation system in the Season Two premiere, the construction of Samy Kamkar's Magspoof, as well as the “cantennas” (Wi-Fi signal boosters made from Pringles cans) that Elliot and Darlene use are just a few testaments to that dedication.
We usually have to spend a little time arguing to make sure the ideas we're proposing account for the latest security research, and that they pass a “MythBusters litmus test.”
The particulars of the show's devotion to accuracy have gotten a lot of coverage elsewhere, but it begs the question, “Why isn't that devotion shared?” It's probably less a case of not sharing and more a case of not understanding, combined with the wrong people being in the right place at the right time.
Early depictions of computers in movies were confined to “green screens” (text-based terminals that were the interface to mainframes, not to be confused with the green screens that are used for image compositing and visual effects). As computer technology matured and Hollywood began to rely more on computer generated images (CGI), the folks recruited to be technical consultants were often computer graphics wonks — as opposed to IT professionals — so they had a feel for some operating system fundamentals, and they knew a lot about building and animating amazing 3-D models, but they didn't really have a perspective on how technology got used in a typical corporate setting. As such, the depiction of computers evolved into a lot of dazzling (if unrealistic) animations.
One other way that popular entertainment misses the boat is by treating “hacking” as a deus ex machina. Because hacking isn't usually the centerpiece of a typical drama, it is easily relegated to the role of shortcut. Hacking is how other shows get from Point A to Point B without doing a lot of heavy lifting; if one character needs something, a second character can “hack” something to get it so that things can move forward. It doesn't need to be right, it needs to be fast because it is a tool of convenience, not plot development.
Will it make a difference?
The late, great playwright Edward Albee is credited as having said, “the function of art is to bring people into greater touch with reality ...” I certainly hope that “Mr. Robot” accomplishes that. The show is tackling a lot of issues that are relevant to all of us, not the least of which is cybersecurity.
Technology is so pervasive that it has become an afterthought in spite of the fact that, at the risk of sounding melodramatic, it's the center of an arms race. Technology has become inextricably intertwined with our business and personal lives, but we don't always exercise appropriate levels of caution or skepticism with regard to how we use that technology. In fact, we often use technology in a way that would be analogous to driving without seat belts or not having door locks on our homes.
I hope that “Mr. Robot” has helped make people more mindful by illustrating the potential dangers, and that we will all place greater value on cybersecurity as a result.
James Plouffe has worked in networking and IT security for more than 15 years, in organizations ranging from startups to the Global 10. He is a lead solutions architect with MobileIron, and a technical consultant for the award-winning hacker drama "Mr. Robot." Reach him @MOBLAgentP.
Unless, that is, you look at the BLS's other way of estimating employment. The jobs number above were tabulated through its Establishment Survey. According to its Household Survey, 589,000 jobs were created in January, which is what led to the decline in the unemployment rate.
Unfortunately, it's hard to do a lot of direct comparison between January and December with the BLS's Household Survey numbers. The agency does a major revision related to population control effects in the January report and does not dynamically update its historical data to reflect the changes.
For some more strangeness, let's look at what happened with those Americans who want a job but are not considered a part of the labor force. Here's a chart showing the BLS estimates for discouraged and marginally attached workers (these are not seasonally adjusted like other statistics discussed):
Check out the change from December to January. Weird, right? In January we saw the number of discouraged workers plummet by a whopping 325,000. That's great! But is it? The number of marginally attached workers -- those who want a job but are not considered in the labor force for a reason other than discouragement -- increased by 516,000, or 40%. In other words, it looks an awful lot like the drop in discouraged workers is occurring because they're just switching in status to marginally attached. There's no genuine good news here.
How about another strange result? The broadest measure of underemployment, U-6, declined significantly as well in January -- to 16.1% from 16.7% in December. This statistic measures the percentage of Americans who are unemployed, discouraged, marginally attached to the workforce, or forced to work part-time because full-time work isn't available. This could appear to be good news. U-5, which is precisely the same measure as U-6, except it doesn't count workers who were forced to work part-time for economic reasons, only declined from 10.9% to 10.7%. In other words, U-6 declined by 0.4% more than U-5. That drop appears to be the result of more people who were forced to work part-time finding full-time work. It's the only variable that appears different between the two measures.
Finally, here how many jobs were added or lost from various sectors:
Interestingly, manufacturing led the way in January for these selected sectors. Government employment fell slightly, across federal, state, and local jobs. Meanwhile, the construction industry continues to bleed jobs. Possibly the most notable result here is the decline in temporary workers. Since overall professional and business services jobs increased, this could imply that more temp workers are finding permanent employment.
What's the big takeaway from this report? The labor market recovery is still moving forward, but there's little certainly about whether it's doing so slowly or at a more rapid pace in 2011. According one BLS survey, just 36,000 net jobs were created and only 50,000 for the private sector. Those are very weak numbers. But another survey says 589,000 jobs were created. That would indicate much, much stronger growth.
Hey Neighbour is the brain child of Seb Kemp and it's coming back in 2015. To warm you up we're posting our favourites from the first season. Choosing Will Craig was a no-brainer. The trails he rides would leave most riders cowering; what is unbelievable is that he rides them with a prosthetic arm.
Below you'll find an excerpt and Matt Dennison's video. Look for the link below to see Hey Neighbour in its original form with Seb Kemp's excellent, unabridged verbage.
Thankfully we met Will on a beautifully sunny and unseasonably warm February afternoon. Unfamiliar with the trails Will had selected and knowing that Matt Dennison was going to be praying I take another fall, or wuss out on camera, I was anxious. Thankfully the dry trail conditions gave me one less thing to worry about. We rode Wild Cherry, SOB, NFL and S&M trails, all of which are, to put it bluntly, right bastards. Sure, there might be bigger hucks, higher stunts and scarier moves out there, but the trails we rode required my full attention that is for certain. Will was in his element. Which is remarkable, as you will see.
Click here to see this story with photos and full-length text.
Will's story is astounding to say the least – feeling inspired?
Leo Jefferson, the father of Glen St. Mary (Fla.) Baker County five-star defensive end CeCe Jefferson, tells 247Sports that Florida will receive his son's National Letter of Intent on Monday or Tuesday. Other sources have indicated the Gators could receive it as early as Sunday.
The 6-foot-2, 275-pound Jefferson committed to Florida on Wednesday during a nationally televised announcement, where he planned to fax in his National Letter of Intent to the Gators the following morning. However, the elder Jefferson was upset with the decision and did not want to send in the binding contract just yet. In the end, it looks as if Florida will secure the five-star pass rusher officially in the near future.
The 247Sports Composite, an industry generated average, ranks Jefferson as the nation's No. 7 overall prospect in the 2015 class.
‘Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2' Set Visit Report: Our Midnight Mission with the Half-Shelled Heroes
Something is about to go down in downtown Manhattan and the Turtles have called us into action. In the dead of night, we broke into police headquarters with April O'Neil, Mikey, Raph and their new vigilante buddy Casey Jones to stop the foot clan's latest plot. But, like any prospective half-shelled ninja crime fighter, we had to go through TMNT boot camp first.
While sitting in a lecture hall of New York Law School, which served as the location for the late-night set, Fandango's Nick Romano got a crash course in what's going down in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2, straight from the Turtles themselves. This is a whole new ball game for the pizza-loving tween mutant warriors, and there's a lot more at stake — not to mention a handful of new characters and villains. In order to face these new foes head on, we had to know what we were up against.
A New Emphasis on the Turtles
Names: Leonardo, Raphael, Michelangelo, Donatello
First Movie: The biggest struggle for everyone involved the first time around was finding the proper tone. "We're not making The Dark Knight here," joked Ritchson, who realized it needed to be a family-friendly superhero movie. Nevertheless, the Turtles ended up being secondary characters in the first film, which the actors and producers attribute to the various attempts to work out the kinks. "The comedy and chemistry of the Turtles, I think, was what worked the best the first time and what is, sort of, the emphasis this time."
Second Movie: If TMNT was the story of April O'Neil, TMNT 2 is about the Turtles — even though the intrepid reporter carries a prominent arc across the sequel. By Howard's calculations, the Turtles make up about two-thirds of the movie in screen time alone. "It's a lot more emotionally driven amongst the brothers," said Pete Ploszneck (Leonardo). "You're really going to see four brothers being brothers and fighting and trying to make up and telling each other how they feel. I think it's at the point where we're all a little bit older. You and I [Raphael] are essentially almost no longer teenagers and so with that comes, I think, your own identity."
The Mission
Recap: When last we saw the Turtles, they had finished grappling with Shredder atop a falling tower over Times Square. If you thought that meant the general public was now aware of the Turtles' existence, you'd be wrong. Due to the circumstances — which are still being kept under wraps — these mutant vigilantes were able to stay under the radar.
Briefing: It's only now in the sequel, which takes place six or eight months after the ending of the first movie, that people will see them for the first time. As some pretty wild events tear up the Big Apple, Michelangelo and Raphael are forced to reveal themselves to the police chief (played by Laura Linney) and a group of officers in order to save April (Megan Fox) and Casey (Stephen Amell) from harm's way. "All hell breaks loose when that happens," said producer Andrew Form. This movie is all about acceptance, and society is not quick to welcome the Turtles with open arms.
Ripple Effects: While the first movie was contained roughly between 45th Street and 7th, TMNT 2 has global implications. How global? "We open up the sky at the end of this movie and some crazy stuff happens," said Form. Later on, he mentioned that the crew discussed "other dimensions," so while Form didn't explicitly mention Dimension X, a classic alternate dimension in the TMNT multiverse. Perhaps this means we'll also be seeing Krang in the mix.
The New Characters
Casey Jones
Profile: This is not the same Casey Jones from the comics, nor is he the same fully conceived character from the last set of live-action films. "We are meeting Casey Jones in this movie at a very different point," said actor Stephen Amell, who already has a lot of experience playing a masked vigilante. "I like it because it's very much an origin story for my particular character. It's certainly not the centerpiece of the movie, but, for me personally, I like finding a character in a phase of discovery." In TMNT 2, he's the fresh eyes coming in to meet the Turtles for the first time. Casey wants to be a vigilante and the four brothers help him find that path, even though he and Raph "have their issues" at first, as Form put it.
Fun Facts
- The producers wanted to include Casey Jones in TMNT for a long time. Early drafts of the first film included him in the plot alongside April. By the time the cameras started rolling, Casey phased out and it became April's story.
- It was only by chance that Stephen Amell could play the character. He wrapped the latest season of Arrow a week before TMNT 2 was scheduled to begin production and he had another week between wrapping this movie and returning to his other vigilante life. "If our schedule was off at all, he wouldn't be in the movie," said Form.
Bebop and Rocksteady
Profile: Paparazzi snapped photos of Gary Anthony Williams and WWE fighter Sheamus as these beloved villains and released them to the press way earlier than the filmmakers wanted. For better or worse, the cat's out of the bag! When we meet them on the big screen, they are working with Shredder (the newly cast Brian Tee) and his daughter Karai (Brittany Ishibashi). In a scene that was shot in a horseshoe-shaped bar called Seven B, located on the corner of Avenue B and 7th Street in Alphabet City, the two are sharpening their daggers, bragging about their battles and throwing back shots. They may be in their premutated forms now, but the producers assure us that we will see them transform into the warthog and rhino forms before the end.
Baxter Stockman
Profile: "The people who know the canon know this character," explained Form, but for those unfamiliar, Baxter Stockman is a scientist who creates robots called Mousers, designed to seek and destroy sewer rats. Since Shredder has a longstanding beef with Splinter, he enlists Stockman. It's unknown how the film will tackle this character's origin, but the first name that came to mind when the producers were casting him was Tyler Perry. The team flew down to Atlanta to pitch the film and character to him with a whole presentation. According to Form, "it's just one of those things where luckily he's in the movie."
Fun Fact
- The first time we meet Stockman, he's emerging from a black car that pulls up beside Grand Central Station. The filmmakers were not directing traffic, so when he crosses the street, Perry's interaction with a pushy truck is totally legit.
Rebecca Vincent
Profile: Meet the bureau chief of Organized Crime, played by the lovely and talented Laura Linney. Unprecedented things are happening in the city and people are coming to tell her about the Turtles. Because she's a skeptical New Yorker, she thinks it's all a bit far-fetched, but she quickly becomes a believer when she sees them breaking into her evidence storage. "It takes me a while to grasp the situation and understand what these creatures are, to value their assistance and what they have to offer," said Linney. Fortunately, she becomes the Turtles' version of Commissioner Gordon. Though she doesn't join in on the fighting. "There are a few [scenes] where there's action around me," said Linney, "but I don't get to punch anyone."
Fun Facts
- The writers originally named the character Catherine, but for some reason "Catherine Vincent" didn't clear, hence the name "Rebecca Vincent." Form speculated there's someone in New York with the former name.
- According to Linney, Rebecca could potentially come back for more movies. Form assured us at the time that there had been no discussions beyond TMNT 2, so for now all Linney could say was, "We'll see what happens."
- The producers went after Linney for the role, but the actress was hesistant to join a movie of this scale. As she explained, "These sets can be difficult. They are high powered, people under a lot of pressure, they're expensive and some of these sets are not very pleasant, and so I was a little concerned about that because I'm just at an age now where I don't want to be around that." As it turned out, everyone she met was nice and welcoming.
The New Gadgets
Turtle Truck
Description: The vehicle we saw in the first movie has been chucked aside in favor of a faster and more furious clunker. "It is now a Turtle Truck, it is not a Turtle Van anymore," said Form. The tech-savvy Donatello tricked out a garbage truck into a massive, traveling man cave that doubles as a tanker.
When the crew filmed scenes in Buffalo, New York, the Turtle Truck accelerated to 60 miles [per hour with the ability to shoot flames out of the sides. And the best part? "There's no CG in there at all." The interior is fully built with just about everything a teenage boy would want to bring with him on a road trip.
Hologram
Description: Donatello is always tinkering with new tech and coming up with the coolest accessories to enhance the Turtles' missions. This time around, he took a note from Minority Report, Iron Man and Star Wars in having a massive interactive hologram that spreads out in front of him. Thought actor Jeremy Howard (Donatello) wouldn't go into detail, he can't lie: "It's pretty cool."
The Lair
Description: In the first movie, Shredder came in with his army of foot-clan soldiers and blew apart the Turtles' secret hideout. That means it's time to relocate. As Alan Ritchson (Raphael) described their new digs, it's more analogous to the film. "I think it's truer to sort of what I remember as a kid, for what that's worth, but everything as a kid seems bigger and larger than life. The scope of this, as is the Turtle Van, is exponentially bigger and more interactive than before, as is the movie itself." But if you want more of a teaser, Howard said there's a "100-foot waterslide."
Things to Watch Out For
The Opening Scene: "The first act is essentially a giant amazing action sequence," said Ritchson. "The film starts out super explosive and it just doesn't let up."
Easter Eggs: Director Dave Green wanted to make a love letter to the Turtles, and that involves lots and lots of Easter eggs. "There are a couple of good, fun, deep canon Easter eggs," said screenwriter Andre Nemac. "There are things that, if you are paying attention, there will be a name here or there, there will be a number on something that means something to super fans." The biggest one that you already know about is the appearance of Judith Hoag, who played April O'Neil in the previous live-action films. "It was so fun to shoot the scene with the two Aprils when they work together, and there's a great Easter egg in that scene."
Road Trip: The Turtles are leaving the country… but they'll be back home in time for dinner. As it turns out, it's not really a road trip, because these guys are traveling to Brazil for a hot minute.
Water Scene: "Something we do in this movie that's never been done with the Turtles is that they go in the water," said Form. "As we know, Manhattan is surrounded by water and there's a lot of water, so we've taken advantage of that."
Have you ever wanted to possess your very own symbol of American decay? Something that says "we used to build a lot of cars, but now we build less of them?" A real fixer-upper? Well now you can, as the old Packard Plant in Detroit is coming up on the auction block, and the bidding starts at just $975,000.
Advertisement
The enormous factory was originally built from 1903 to 1911, and pretty purple Packards (you can't say that seventeen times fast, but if you can, upload a video of it to Youtube and send it to ballaban@jalopnik.com where it will go right to my spam folder) like the one below until 1958.
It's seen various uses since Packard shut down, but it's been essentially entirely abandoned since the late 1990's. Ever since then it's been used mainly by graffiti taggers and the bunch of guys who found a dump truck on the fourth floor and decided to push it through a hole in the wall:
That being said, it's still an enormous site and could be used for... anything, really. The auction is likely to take place sometime in late September, according to Crain's Detroit Business. The only problem is that we all know it's cheap, but nobody really knows what you'll be buying:
"That would be considered a steal in a lot of situations," said David Szymanski, Wayne County chief deputy treasurer. But as he also noted, this is not a normal situation.
The plant has long been a victim for scrappers, arsonists, graffiti taggers and vandals.
"There are more questions than answers" when it comes to assessing the condition and value of the property, Szymanski said.
Advertisement
At the very least, you'll be buying a place to host fully-sik-yo parties and some swanky art galleries, judging by the graffiti that's already in there:
If nothing else, maybe they can put in another Whole Foods. As Aaron Foley pointed out, it seems to be doing pretty well. What would you put in there?
Advertisement
Photos Credit: Bob Julius, Daniel Haaser, Rex Gray, Memories_by_Mike
Drayson Bowman Rejoins Checkers on Tryout Contract
Author: Paul Branecky Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. The Checkers' vice president of communications, Paul Branecky has been covering hockey in North Carolina since 2006, including five seasons with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Drayson Bowman, once one of the Checkers' top offensive threats, is now getting an opportunity to reprise that role.The Checkers announced Friday that they have signed Bowman, who scored 78 points (39g, 39a) in 130 games for Charlotte between 2010-13, to a professional tryout contract. The Carolina Hurricanes' third-round draft choice in 2007, Bowman, now 26, had begun the season with the ECHL's Colorado Eagles, where he posted three assists in three games. It was not immediately clear as to whether he will be available for tonight's game in his birthplace of Grand Rapids.Not that the Checkers are hurting for goals (they are currently tied for second in the AHL with an average of 4.8 per game), but Bowman could conceivably help in that category, particularly with Brock McGinn in the NHL and Justin Shugg recently missing time with an upper-body injury. When last playing for the Checkers during the 2012-13 season, Bowman set a still-intact franchise record by finding the back of the net in eight consecutive games.After leaving the organization as a free agent in the summer of 2014, Bowman earned a two-way NHL contract with Montreal after attending the Canadiens' camp on a tryout basis. He went on to score 33 points (14g, 19a) in 62 AHL games with the Hamilton Bulldogs, playing alongside Checkers forward T.J. Hensick, while also going scoreless in three games with Montreal.In beginning the season with the ECHL's Eagles near his hometown of Littleton, Coloardo, Bowman played on the same team as his brother Collin, a defenseman who made the league's All-Star Team last season. In junior hockey, Drayson Bowman scored 242 points (130g, 112a) in 265 games with Spokane of the WHL, playing under current Hurricanes coach Bill Peters and alongside current Checkers center Derek Ryan for part of that time.This actually the second time that Bowman, who scored 33 points (15g, 18a) in 179 games for Carolina from 2009-14, has signed a PTO with the Checkers. The Hurricanes used that as a tactic to avoid the risk of losing him on waivers during the lockout, with Bowman spending the remainder of that season in the NHL following its work stoppage.Bowman's next game for the Checkers would be his first since Jan. 11, 2013. Along with Zach Boychuk and Rasmus Rissanen, he is one of three players on the current roster that also played for the club during its inaugural AHL season in 2010-11.
Getting data out of the Mozilla build configuration
by Mike Shal , tagged as
Last time when looking at building mozilla-central with tup, we ran into some issues with converting the various m-c data formats into tup rules. In particular, the time to parse all the data is way slower than necessary, and the feature used to parse the data is not yet supported on Windows. In this post we'll look at an alternate method, and compare the pros & cons. Then we'll look into what is needed to get tup in the m-c tree and supported as an official build backend.
Getting data out of the Mozilla build configuration
As mentioned in the previous post, the m-c tree contains a number of different data formats that define the build configuration. Among them are:
Configuration data from 'configure', stored in config.status (a python script), and autoconf.mk (for make). This is currently unchanged by tup.
moz.build files that define variables (eg: CPP_SOURCES, EXPORTS, etc)
Makefile.in files that have some things yet to be converted to moz.build, as well as random custom rules and targets.
Makefiles for NSS in security/nss/, which have a different format and rules.
Makefiles for NSPR in nsprpub/, which have yet another format.
A few GYP files for third party projects that are built from gyp.
Tup itself has 3 primary ways to parse data into rules:
Tupfiles (with rules like ': foo.c |> gcc foo.c -o foo.o |> foo.o') Lua scripts with functions to create rules (tup.rule('blah blah')) Run an external script (eg: python, shell, etc) to print Tupfile rules to stdout
The Tupfile parser can read most data-driven Makefiles directly, so long as they contain only variable assignments and if statements. However, that doesn't help at all for the moz.build files, gyp files, or the random custom rules that exist in all the Makefiles. The Lua scripting capability can be used to parse anything, at least in theory. However, given the number of data formats it would need to support, it would take a lot of time and debugging to do so. The last option is what we used in the previous post, which is to have tup shell out to a python script to parse the various data files. Python was a natural choice given the circumstances:
config.status is already python
moz.build files are already python
Makefiles can be parsed in python using pymake
.gyp files already use python for parsing
Tup's parsing model is different from make-like build systems. In make, parsing happens for every build, and is used to build an in-memory DAG that is then walked. Make's model forces an upper limit to how fast the build can execute, since the parsing and DAG-walking steps grow linearly with the size of the whole project. In contrast, tup only parses when necessary, not during every build. The results of parsing (essentially, the commands to execute) are stored in an on-disk DAG structure. Only the parts of the DAG that are relevant to the current build are loaded in memory. For example, if a single Tupfile in a large project changes, tup will only re-parse that single Tupfile, and update the on-disk DAG. Since configure runs outside of tup, this resulted in the following build flow:
For projects that use Tupfiles or the built-in Lua scripts directly, this model works great. However, for the external python script used here, we run into some problems. First, because each directory is parsed independently, tup is creating a new python process to parse each directory. For incremental builds this usually isn't too cumbersome, especially for the typical case where no moz.build/Makefiles have changed (such as when you are just modifying .cpp/.h files, for example). Unfortunately, when changing the build configuration (like the tup.py script), the re-parse times are really bad. The reason for this seems to be largely due to python's slow 'import' statement. For example, just doing 'import pymake.parser', which we need to parse config.mk (even for directories that only have a moz.build file), is 36ms. Multiplied by ~1200 directories and we get 43 seconds, and we haven't even done anything yet! This would only get worse on Windows, where process creation time itself is horrible.
Now you're probably thinking "don't create a new python process for each directory and all your problems are solved!" While that would help the issues here, the reason that isn't so simple is because when tup parses a Tupfile, or runs a python script to parse moz.build/Makefiles, it is watching the file accesses for dependencies. These file accesses let tup know when it needs to re-parse a particular directory. In other words, if we're going to load all of the python files up front, then parse all of the moz.build/Makefiles, it becomes much harder to see what the directory-level dependencies are without injecting too much domain-specific knowledge into tup. You can see an example of this parser dependency graph below.
In this example, if we were to modify xpcom/ds/moz.build and then run tup, only the xpcom/ds directory would be re-parsed, taking about 100ms. However, if we were to modify any of the core build files (like tup.py, or any of the included mozbuild python files), each directory would be parsed independently. It might be possible to improve this situation in tup, but I think that would be a longer-term prospect. Coupled with the additional complication that this feature doesn't work in Windows yet, it's time to take a look at the picture if we just generated all regular Tupfiles up front before tup even runs.
Generating all Tupfiles up front
Instead of using tup to manage parsing directly, we can use an approach much more similar to the current mozbuild/make system and generate the native build files. This will have the following flow:
In this setup, mach is responsible for determining when to run configure and when to re-generate the Tupfiles. The Tupfile generation is similar to the current backend.mk generation, with the additional wrinkle that some of the data that we need is still in Makefile.in's, config.mk, and .gyp files, so it can't be done purely using mozbuild. Fortunately, we already have the tup.py script that can handle all of that - it's just a matter of hooking it into mach to run it in a loop instead of having tup run it for each individual directory. The Tupfile generation dependency graph will now look like so:
The Tupfile generation step itself currently takes about 15s. This is still much longer than I would hope, but I think much of this time is due to using the pymake parser to parse Makefiles. As we remove more Makefile.ins and eventually convert config.mk to python, I think this time will go down. Mach will only run this 15s process when any of the build configuration files on the left have changed. Otherwise, we only pay the smaller penalty of having to stat those files. Tup will then parse any Tupfiles that have changed - if all Tupfiles have changed, it's only about 2.6s of parsing. Most individual Tupfiles parse anywhere from 0-5ms, though a few outliers take 100-200ms (these appear to be directories that have lots of source files and use VPATH, which forces tup to do lots of dependency management. Once I finally finish getting rid of VPATH, those will hopefully drop too :). Of course, if only one or two Tupfiles have changed, then tup will just parse those in a few ms. Finally, tup can construct the partial DAG and begin build processes.
The downside to this approach is that if any of the build configuration files change, we have to re-run the full backend generation step at a penalty of 15s. In comparison, with tup managing parsing directly, we would be able to change a moz.build file and re-parse it in 100ms. However, this approach wins out in the full parsing case by a fair margin, and also makes a Windows tup build much more viable. Here's a brief summary of parse times in various scenarios:
No build config changes Change a single moz.build file Initial parsing / Change all build files Tup managed with tup.py 0s ~100ms 1m17s Mach generated Tupfiles up-front * 15s 17s Idealized tup managed with internal parser ** 0s ~5ms ~4s
* I haven't implemented this in the Tupfile generation yet, so I don't know how much time it will take mach to stat all the files needed for this step. It should be small.
** Assuming tup could read the build configuration directly in a native Tupfile format or with a Lua script, this is what we could expect. Unfortunately, we don't have the ability to do this with the existing build configuration without writing lots of messy Lua code.
The future: Integrating a tup backend into m-c
As we look to include a tup backend in the mozilla-central tree, we have to decide on an approach. Here's a summary of the above analysis:
Tup-managed python script
pro : Tup knows the parser dependencies, so it can re-parse only a single directory quickly when making a change to a moz.build file.
: Tup knows the parser dependencies, so it can re-parse only a single directory quickly when making a change to a moz.build file. pro : Since parser-level dependencies are tracked automatically, we don't have to worry about missing a dependency and breaking the build.
: Since parser-level dependencies are tracked automatically, we don't have to worry about missing a dependency and breaking the build. con : Python's slow startup and import times negatively impact full re-parsings, so editing the build backend becomes cumbersome at over 1m turn-around times.
: Python's slow startup and import times negatively impact full re-parsings, so editing the build backend becomes cumbersome at over 1m turn-around times. con : Tup's run-script feature is not yet supported on Windows.
Mach-managed Tupfile generator
pro : Full generation and re-parsing is much quicker (15s for mach + 2.6s for tup instead of over a minute)
: Full generation and re-parsing is much quicker (15s for mach + 2.6s for tup instead of over a minute) pro : It should be much easier to get this working on Windows as well as Linux/OSX
: It should be much easier to get this working on Windows as well as Linux/OSX con : Single moz.build change results in a full re-parsing, so we eat the full 17-18s when adding a new .cpp file to moz.build, for example.
: Single moz.build change results in a full re-parsing, so we eat the full 17-18s when adding a new .cpp file to moz.build, for example. con : Python/mach do not have automatic dependency detection, so we have to be very careful about how we implement the Tupfile generator to properly track all file dependencies. If a dependency is missed, this can result in broken builds.
Although it is a difficult decision, I think for now it makes the most sense to go for the mach-managed Tupfile generator initially. Since the build configuration is a mix of so many different file types, there isn't a particularly easy way to have tup parse it natively. This does add some risk, since we have more of the build system outside of tup in manually-managed dependency land, but that is the price we pay. In the future as the build configuration becomes more unified (ideally, all specified in moz.build), we can look into parsing it natively with tup. At that point, we will gain the benefits of tup's dependency tracking for re-parsing moz.build files, and faster parsing overall.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
A recent posting to Facebook got me thinking about the language of rights that dominates our political discourse.
Responding to the over-the-top hysteria about 2d Amendment rights that greets even the most reasonable gun proposals–background checks, for example–the poster (a self-identified Republican) noted that the party's concerns about constitutional rights have become very selective. Only when guns are involved does the party elevate a “constitutional right” over the right to life.
As he noted, Republican lawmakers defend government when it ignores basic human rights and the Geneva Convention, justifying such behaviors by saying the information so gathered may save lives.
The GOP is completely identified with the pro life movement, a crusade purporting to “save the lives of the unborn” by taking rights away from women. (A substantial number even wants to take away the right to birth control in order to “save lives” that have yet to even be conceived. )
In fact, he notes that the party is increasingly willing to ignore all manner of rights–except the right to own a weapon.
Citing the need to protect against a virtually non-existent in-person “voter fraud,” the GOP has spent the past several years trying to take away the right of poor and minority citizens to vote. The GOP “fought like hell” to keep homosexuals from having the right to marry, and it fights “against any form of right, or laws both human and environmental that will hurt the bottom line of our campaign contributors.” The party refuses even to consider that healthcare might be a right, insisting that it is a privilege.… “Yet this one. This one right above all others we hold sacred. We refuse to bend.”
It's an interesting–and accurate–perspective.
It's also profoundly depressing.
Recently a Lower Court was hearing a case where the complainant requested for an order to remove derogatory and obscene contents posted on various Social Networking websites. The Court ordered 21 Social Networking websites including Facebook, Microsoft, Google, Yahoo and YouTube to remove derogatory and obscene content by February 6, 2012.
The magistrate had summoned the accused companies to face trial for allegedly committing the offence punishable under section 292 (sale of obscene books etc), 293 (sale of obscene objects to young person etc) and 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC.
Recently another lower Court, in an ex-parte order, had directed the social networking websites to remove the objectionable content in the form photographs, videos or text which might hurt religious sentiments.
Indian Judiciary is trying to deal with Cyber Law issues in the absence of dedicated Social Media Laws in India. Although we have Information Technology Act 2000 (IT Act 2000) as the Cyber Law of India yet we have no dedicated Social Networking Laws in India. However, Cyber Law on Social Media and Networking Sites in India is still not adequate. It has, in fact, created more problems than solution.
The way Cyber Crimes are committed on Social Media websites in India, it has become a big nuisance for Indian Government to control the same. In fact, Indian Government asked Internet Intermediaries in India to pre screen users' contents in India. Internet Intermediary Laws in India have been made very stringent and they are required to follow Cyber Law Due Diligence in India. Naturally, Cyber Due Diligence for Indian Companies cannot be ignored any more in India.
However, Indian Executive are bypassing the Parliament of India by formulating Rules instead of getting proper Laws passed by the Parliament. This has created a situation where the Cyber Law of India has become a big nuisance and this Cyber Law of India must be Repealed as soon as possible. Since the Cyber Law of India is incomplete and self contradictory, even Indian Judiciary is confused in many cases.
For instance, cases of ignorant Judicial Blocking of Websites in India have increased a lot where even genuine and law abiding websites are blocked in a blanket manner. In most of the cases, an ex parte order is issued that is seldom contested and the websites remain blocked for an unreasonable period of time.
If Blocking of Websites in India is done to give effect to Laws that are Constitutionally Sound, there is no problem. But if corporate houses start misusing the process of law to get useful, genuine and law abiding websites blocked in India, this is a serious miscarriage of justice in India.
In fact, this amounts to violation of human rights in cyberspace that is happening a lot in India these days. It is high time for Parliament of India to intervene in this regard and enact a Sound, Effective and Constitutionally Sound Cyber Law of India that covers all these issues appropriately.
And now...the news! Jeremy Clarkson James May and Richard Hammond , a.k.a. the Top Gear blokes, have signed a new three-year deal to continue hosting the globally popular BBC2 program. The new deal specifies that Hammond and May will receive a share of Top Gear commercial revenue in exchange for promoting the show internationally.According to the Guardian, the significance of this deal stems from the fact that while The Hamster and Captain Slow previously only received pay for their involvement in the hit show, Clarkson and his mate Andy Wilman were profiting greatly from the international marketing of the show. That's because Bedder 6, a joint venture set up five years ago between Clarkson, Wilman and the BBC owns the show's hugely lucrative commercial rights. The outfit derives its earnings from live Top Gear shows, DVD sales and worldwide marketing of the brand. Clarkson owns 30 percent of Bedder 6 while the BBC owns 50 percent and Wilman owns the remaining 20 percent.In July, it was revealed that Clarkson's income jumped £900,000 (about $1.45M USD) following word that dividends from Bedder 6 increased from £6 million ($9.7M) last year to £9 million ($14.5M) this year. This, combined with his salary and his £350,000 ($566k) Bedder 6 fee, makes Clarkson the highest paid BBS personality, earning more than £3 million ($4.85M).It should be noted that this news comes as many other BBC talent have received reduced pay amidst public scrutiny of the government-owned television operator. The BBC is quick to point out that the deal with the Top Gear hosts and Wilman was penned "without using a penny of license fee money." This new deal allows for Hammond and May to have a piece of the pie, without dipping into the BBC's budget. Even so, there has been some debate among British critics whether television personalities are worth these sorts of seven-figure deals – this, despite such salaries being commonplace in Hollywood.
Megyn Kelly poses on the set of her new show “Megyn Kelly Today” at NBC Studios in New York. (Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
TV critic
“Megyn Kelly Today” is meant to be the final, dazzling piece of Kelly's multimillion-dollar transmogrification from steely Fox News host to a mushy, hugs-for-everybody, midmorning TV host. It premiered Monday on NBC in the 9 a.m. hour of the “Today” show, proving only that the experiment is far from successful.
The debut was like watching a network try to assemble its own Bride of Frankenstein, using parts of Ellen DeGeneres, Kelly Ripa and whatever else it can find. The resultant lovely creature, dressed in a mauve, pussy-bow blouse and skintight pants, moved stiffly and waved her arms around in broad gestures in a bizarre attempt to generate excitement from an audience that was already standing and cheering as duly instructed. She interviewed people nervously and so awkwardly that they were cowed into giving monosyllabic answers. She also never missed an opportunity to talk about herself.
[Megyn Kelly says she is ‘kinda done with politics for now.' Why that probably won't last.]
Most of the episode devolved into an intentionally meta hall of mirrors, inviting the audience to admire Kelly as much as Kelly admires Kelly — a morning TV show about the birth of a morning TV show. There was lots of talk about what “Megyn Kelly Today” will be, mostly by way of what it won't be. (That's always a bad sign.)
“We'll be dissecting the latest tweet from President Trump,” she said, sarcastically, before insisting that politics will never be welcome in this safe space of an hour. Instead, her show will encourage viewers to escape from the awful world, “to laugh with us” (not one genuinely funny thing happened in this first episode), to which Kelly added her wish that viewers will enjoy “a smile, sometimes a tear, and maybe some hope to start your day.”
She talked vaguely about her incredible journey from one network (which she assiduously avoided naming) to NBC and how the spirit of her father, who died when she was a teenager, was somehow involved in this miraculous intervention of contracts. (Isn't that fascinating? Don't you feel so much closer to Kelly already? No?)
[Megyn Kelly just helped some guys get thousands of new followers]
Then she took questions from the audience — the first from a gushing fan: “What's been your greatest joy?” while moving from hosting a nighttime show to hosting a morning show, he wanted to know. The second was from Kelly's husband, who didn't have a question — he just wanted to bring her roses. They hugged each other woodenly, as if they'd just met.
After that, Kelly welcomed the stars of NBC's “Will & Grace,” which returns to the network Thursday night. Here you have four seasoned comedy actors (Eric McCormack, Debra Messing, Sean Hayes and Megan Mullally), who, if nothing else, probably know how to be funny and chatty and casual. But they also heard Kelly declare her show as politics-free, so, after she told them how much fun she had watching the old show back in the day (her day), they really didn't have much to talk about, since the revived “Will & Grace's” first episode happens to wind up in Trump's Oval Office, where Grace has been hired to redecorate.
This morning is full of special appearances! FULL VIDEO: pic.twitter.com/b6cW0b1qQS — Megyn Kelly TODAY (@MegynTODAY) September 25, 2017
Kelly also summoned from her audience a “superfan” of the original “Will & Grace,” who said he considered the McCormack's Will Truman character a role model. Kelly asked the man if he “became a lawyer [and] became gay” from watching the show.
Very smooth. The TV stars mostly stared and smiled at Kelly and tried to answer her dopey questions (“Were you worried at all that the magic wouldn't be there?”). It's the one problem that has hounded Kelly even during Fox days — she's just not good at talking to people or with people, instead of at people.
The hour crawled by. A middle segment featured the “Today” regulars welcoming Kelly to 30 Rockefeller Center, a predawn festivity of studied smarm, with the added delight of seeing Kathie Lee Gifford sit in her makeup chair and play nice-nice with Kelly the way an old house cat would welcome a naive and extra-squeaky mouse to the kitchen. Then everyone came to Kelly's stage to drink mimosas and bask in the NBC-ness of it all.
Kelly ended the hour with a short, prerecorded puff-piece about a Chicago nun, Sister Donna Liette, who ministers to young men and their mothers in the city's roughest neighborhoods. After that, Kelly welcomed Liette to the stage, whereupon the Coldwell Banker real estate company and Ace Hardware presented her with a giant cardboard check and a giant gift card. Hallelujah and God bless — the hour was finally over.
Then Kelly reminded us she'll be back Tuesday morning (and for as many mornings as it takes to either work this thing out or cancel it), this time with the cast of “This Is Us” and a fair warning: “My mom has something she wants to share with you.” Rest assured that “something” has to do with the wonderful, hopeful, shallow world of being Megyn Kelly.
It's been over a year since I last unleashed my law-commanding fist of righteousness. This is intolerable. So thankfully the list of rules that games developers and publishers are FORCED BY INTERNATIONAL LAW to follow have been further extended. Six new rules are added to the lexicon. Failure to obey them results in instant withering looks and sighing disappointment from their mums.
DO save my checkpoints – it's not actually against the law for me to stop playing a game and then play it again later on. It's not cheating. It's not weird. It's what people do. Why on EARTH should I have to start an entire mission from the beginning just because I wasn't able to play your game non-stop from beginning to end? You lunatics.
DON'T tell me I'm leaving the mission area. If you've designed a level, let me walk around that level. Don't give me the ability to walk around that level, but then announce that you're going to kill me if I don't turn around and go back to the invisibly marked section you've deemed acceptable for this moment. I'm not a prisoner released on an ankle bracelet, I'm a maverick with a lot of guns and a need to see that tree over there. If you didn't want me to do that, why did you put that tree over there?
DO let me have the ability to turn off vibration on my 360 controller when I'm using mouse/keyboard controls, without having to pull its USB cable from the PC. There is little more terrifying in gaming than when the controller starts violently shaking my desk, making that horrible FLRRRRFLLFRLRLLRRLLL sound, because I opened a door or picked up a weapon. Although I'll tell you what, horror games – you have my full permission to use this to the maximum effect.
DON'T use super-fancy CGI characters in your cutscenes, and then cut to the dodgy old triangle version of the same people that actually make up the game. It makes everything seem so much worse! And on that matter, don't ever, EVER put actual real-life photographs in frames on people's desks. It's like having a big flashing prompt appear on screen that reads: “Look how unrealistic this game world is!” That seems somewhat counter-intuitive.
DO feel free to let your plot be comprehensible. Yes, you've seen a film where everything was really ambiguous, and you thought, “Gosh, I didn't understand any of that, it must have been really clever! I'll be clever too!” But you aren't being clever. You're being obtuse. If you've got a damned clever story that will bemuse until climactic moments reveal incredible links, or even an esoteric narrative that is open to the interpretation of the viewer, then great. But you don't. You've got a story about four soldiers who shoot people until it ends. One of them dies.
The tenth and last nawab of Awadh was exiled to Garden Reach in Kolkata's Matiaburz in a series of most unfortunate events. The heartbroken royal lived the rest of his life on a stipend of Rs 1 lakh a month. At Matiaburz, he tried to build a mini Lucknow with constructions like Murasa Manzil, Noor Manzil, Adalat Manzil and Sibtainbad Imambara.With the nawab, Wajid Ali Shah, the natives saw the arrival of true Lucknawi andaaz, with poetry recitals, kite-flying, cockfights and, finally, the great Lucknow khansamas with their awe-inspiring flavours of Awadhi culinary tradition.The tragic loss for Lucknow was a gastronomic gain for the hungry zamindars and Bengali babus, for they were the witness to the making of a great recipe.The line that sums up the story behind the presence of the potato in Kolkata biryani is... “Necessity is the mother of invention”. Since the budget for the biryani feast was limited due to financial crunch, the khansamas started to replace meat with potatoes. With time it became customary to keep a piece of potato in a plate of sumptuous biryani.But Bengal was never alone in understanding the potential of Superpotato as a taste enhancer. We find potato along with vegetables like carrots, peas and cauliflower in the vegetarian tahiri of Telangana.Biryani was never an authentic Indian dish and, much like samosa, it took different routes to enter India from its birthplace Persia (Birinj = Rice in Persian).As legend goes, one particularly significant winter of 1398, in a long day of bloodshed and massacre in Delhi, Timur the Lame had a tingly feeling in his tummy.Mumtaz Mahal, seeing the condition of her malnourished army, created biryani as a complete meal.Although we find a rice dish called Oon Soru, composed of ghee, rice, meat and spices like turmeric, coriander, pepper, and bay leaf In Tamil Nadu way before the Mughals set foot in India.After entering India, the biryani changed herself, according to the regional availability of spices and local taste, and has had a glorious existence in many avatars.However, based on culinary techniques, the biryani can be divided into two types.The royal khansamas of Lucknow were known for the use of gold and silver in their dishes.In Lucknow, the patronage of the nawabs resulted in the most exquisite way to cook dum-pukht biryani.The Lucknow or Awadhi biryani is the perfect example of a pakki biryani where meat that has been cooked and saffroninfused rice are layered in a copper handi which is sealed with dough and left to cook over a slow fire.It is impossible to capture a vast subject like biryani on one page. In the next episode we discuss each biryani in detail. Stay tuned and, of course, keep tasting.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Political leaders in London, Wales and Scotland have demanded the same Brexit concessions granted to Northern Ireland that would allow them to effectively remain in the single market.
In a remarkable political fallout, Prime Minister Theresa May faced a furious backlash from politicians in Scotland, Wales and London on Monday amid reports she had conceded Northern Ireland would keep EU trade rules after the UK leaves the bloc in March 2019.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said that if a Brexit deal can be done that “effectively” keeps Northern Ireland in the single European market, there is “surely no good practical reason” why others should not benefit from such an arrangement.
Both Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to remain part of the EU in the referendum in June 2016.
The SNP leader stated: "Right now, Ireland is powerfully demonstrating the importance of being independent when it comes to defending your vital national interests."
Follow all the latest on Brexit developments LIVE here.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: "Huge ramifications for London if Theresa May has conceded that it's possible for part of the UK to remain within the single market and customs union after Brexit."
The capital - which has a population of 8.8 million - voted by a margin of 59.9 percent to remain within the EU. Turnout was high by local standards at nearly 70 percent and Mr Khan campaigned to stay in the EU.
Welsh first minister Carwyn Jones called for Wales to be allowed to continue to participate in the single market if other parts of the UK could.
He said: “We cannot allow different parts of the UK to be more favourably treated than others. If one part of the UK is granted continued participation in the Single Market and Customs Union, then we fully expect to be made the same offer.”
After a working lunch on Monday, Mrs May and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that their latest round of Brexit talks had broken up without a deal but that progress had been made.
Discussions are set to resume later this week, with both declaring themselves "confident" that a solution can be found in time for a key summit of the European Council on December 14.
Britain and the European Union appeared to be moving closer to agreement on key issues, including the status of the Irish border.
Arrangements which would effectively allow Northern Ireland to remain part of the European single union would prevent the return of a “hard border” between the North and the Republic of Ireland.
While Mrs May has previously insisted the entire UK will leave the single market, European Council president Donald Tusk made clear that Brexit talks cannot move on to trade issues unless the UK can satisfy Dublin there will be no return to a strictly-controlled border in Ireland.
Politicians in Scotland, Wales and London have campaigned for Britain as a whole to stay in the EU's single market to smooth trade relations. But Mrs May has ruled that out so far, saying Britain needed the freedom to make its own rules and trade deals.
They had rallied to the cause again on Monday after Irish government sources said that Mrs May's government had agreed to maintain EU "regulatory alignment" for Northern Ireland, which is part of the UK but shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland, an EU member state.
Ireland's deputy premier Simon Coveney had said Dublin government's concerns over the post-Brexit border with Northern Ireland were set to be addressed fully, amid reports the UK would allow "regulatory alignment" between north and south.
Mrs May said there had been no overall agreement.
Regulatory alignment could mean both Ireland and Northern Ireland following the same rules governing trade, to ensure that goods can continue to move freely across a "soft" border with no checks.
But making an exception of Northern Ireland may make it difficult for Mrs May to argue others cannot have the same. So far, she has argued that Brexit should follow a one-size-fits-all pattern for the whole of the United Kingdom.
The DUP has said it will not accept any Brexit deal that “separates” Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK.
DUP leader Arlene Foster said the party, which props up Mrs May's Tory minority Government, would not allow "any form of regulatory divergence" from the UK.
Ms Foster made clear the DUP would oppose the deal if it meant the effective drawing of a new border in the Irish Sea between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK if the Westminster Government decides it wants to diverge from EU rules.
The PM broke off from negotiations with Mr Juncker for urgent telephone talks with the DUP leader after her statement.
Earlier, Mrs May's official spokesman said any agreement on the Irish border would protect the "territorial and economic integrity" of the UK.
Ahead of the meetings in Brussels, he told a regular Westminster briefing: "The PM has been clear that the UK is leaving the European Union as a whole and the territorial and economic integrity of the United Kingdom will be protected."
Responding directly to questions about the report of agreement on regulatory alignment by Irish broadcaster RTE, he said: "RTE also reported this morning we were holding a Cabinet meeting and I missed that if it occurred."
Masters and apprentices streamed into the Hall of Elements. They ran to the prone Tolfdir and some of the younger ones went to assist Se'rith. She was full of concern for her mentor as well, as she hobbled towards him. She looked down at Ancano's frozen corpse, and even in death his visage still held that look of supreme arrogance it carried in life. She was relieved to see Tolfdir respond to Colette's restoration magics, ‘not as useless now' she could just imagine her saying. Tolfdir stirred weakly and opened his eyes. As they locked with Se'rith's he nodded slightly and the corners of his mouth turned upwards in a smile. Thats when the Psijic's appeared.
In the now customary blur of time shift and grey light three of the Order materialised in the Hall. Two positioned themselves around the now still Eye while the third sought Se'rith. He smiled warmly at her and congratulated her on her efforts and success. Indeed he called her the saviour of the College and he could not see anyone else better to lead the College. Se'rith was taken aback, her the Arch Mage. She was just a fledgling magic user with no experience but the Psijic Monk was adamant. Tolfdir also added his consent, he had weakly got to his feet and had made his way to Se'rith and the monk. Adding his endorsement he warmly clasped the Dunmer on the shoulder adding his support. Several of the Masters nodded their agreement while most of the Apprentices dis likewise, Brelyna positively jumping with glee. Several of the older members, Sergius and Nirya in particualr, stole jealous glances in her direction but with Tolfdir being so vocal in his support they also had to acquiesce. Even Urag seemed pleased as he took her small ebony hand in his large green paw. He still had to drop that despite being an Arch Mage he'd still skin her little posterior should she damage any of his books! As to the Eye? Well the Psijic's said that Tamriel was not yet ready for power of this magnitude and that they would care for the Eye until the world had matured, to use their phrase. They cast a spell that made the Eye spin rapidly and turn a blue hue. In a flash of grey blue light they disappeared, Psijics and Eye was well!
Se'rith then called an immediate conclave of gathered wizards. She was honoured to be the new Arch Mage but was too much of a realist to realise that she lacked the experience and foresight to lead the College. As such she would be delegating the day to day running to TOlfdir. She did however have a vision for the College. The first one was to help the people of Winterhold as much as possible. She had met a lot of hostility in her travels towards the College and wizards in general. She wanted to educate the Nords and wanted them to see the College as an ally rather than an enemy. She would make her first official visit to the local Jarl soon to establish a line of communication. College members were to be seen regularly in Winterhold and use their magics to help the populace. Being arrogant and aloof would help antagonise the situation more. Se'rith told Colette that her skills in particular would be a great asset, Colette's breast swelled with pride as she was often the butt of jokes of her fellow Masters. Secondly she would travel to Solitude to talk to the General Tulius, the Imperial Commander there. Though she was aware that the College was apolitical the threatening Civil War would rend Skyrim, and possibly the Empire apart. As such she would pledge some covert support against the Stormcloaks but work up to an alliance against the Thalmor. Her last instruction regarded the Aldmeri Dominion. Any Thalmor agents or Ambassadors seeking entry into the College would be given one warning. Refusal would lead to imprisonment in the Midden. From now on the College would be free of Thalmor interference. This last statement was made to thunderous applause. She dismissed the mages but asked Tolfdir to accompany her to her new quarters were she embraced the old man warmly and then broke into tears. One danger was over, a whole plethora of them were about to reveal themselves.
CUT SCENE – Meanwhile over the skies of southern Skyrim, near a place called Helgen…
Building a compiler in Scala
Nicolas A Perez Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 10, 2015
My last post did generate a lot of comments about Scala and C#, how they compare to each other and why things were done in the way they are in the Scala world. Thanks Viktor for that.
Many people said I did not know enough Scala to be doing the kind of comparison I did, and they also were right, up to some point anyways. In order to overcome this obstacle and learn more about this magnificent programming language, I decided to put together my computer science background and my will to fully incorporate Scala into my life.
PCF
Programming Language for Computable Functions (PCF) is a functional programming language mostly used in the academia, but very suitable for my purpose.
The Language
PCF has the main characteristics of any functional programming language so let's review them.
Functions Are First-Class Objects.
Functions are defined in the following way
fun f -> fun x -> f (f x)
Functions with Several Arguments
In PCF, there is no symbol to build a function with several arguments. These functions are built as functions with one argument, using the isomorphism (A × B) -> C = A -> (B -> C). For instance, the function that associates to x and y the number xx+yy is defined as the function associating to x a function, which in turn associates to y the number xx+yy, that is, fun x -> fun y -> x * x + y * y.
No Assignments
In contrast with languages such as Caml or Java, the main feature of PCF is a total lack of assignments. There is no construction of the form x := t or x=t to assign a value to a “variable”.
f -> fun n -> ifz n then 1 else n * (f (n - 1))
The grammar of PCF is very simple and we can define it as follow
t=x
| fun x -> t
| t t
| n
| t + t | t - t | t * t | t / t
| ifz t then t else t
| fix x t
| let x = t in t
Seems small? Well, PCF is Turing complete, that is, all computable functions can be programmed in PCF.
In order to do it more interesting I modify the grammar as follow
Exp ::= x | n
| true
| false
| succ
| pred
| iszero
| if Exps then Exps else Exps
| fun x -> Exps
| rec x -> Exps
| (Exps)
| let x = Exps in Exps
Exps ::= Exps Exp | Exp
Still it is the same language.
My idea is to build a compiler for the extended PCF using Scala but also show how functional programming can help us to get our goal.
Functional Programming
Functional programming has been a topic which has increased in popularity; however, when I posted Sorting in Scala, tails of Functional Programming a lot of criticism was generated about it.
This time, we are going to build a compiler for a functional programming language using pure functional programming. We will see how this task can be achieved easily by the use of the pattern matching and other techniques you will discover on the code.
PCF examples
In order to understand what we want to build, let's take a look at some examples of programs that can be written on PCF.
Double
# Evaluates to NUM 74
(rec d -> fun n -> if iszero n then 0 else succ (succ (d (pred n)))) 37
Fibonacci
# Evaluates to NUM 6765.
let plus = rec p ->
fun x -> fun y -> if iszero x then y else p (pred x) (succ y)
in
let fibonacci = rec f ->
fun n -> if iszero n then
0
else if iszero (pred n) then
1
else
plus (f (pred n)) (f (pred (pred n)))
in
fibonacci 20
Minus
# Evaluates to NUM 46.
let minus = rec m ->
fun x -> fun y -> if iszero y then x else m (pred x) (pred y)
in
minus 125 79
Factorial
# Evaluates to NUM 720.
let plus = rec p ->
fun x -> fun y -> if iszero x then y else p (pred x) (succ y)
in
let times = rec t ->
fun x -> fun y -> if iszero x then 0 else plus y (t (pred x) y)
in
let factorial = rec f ->
fun n -> if iszero n then 1 else times n (f (pred n))
in
factorial 6
Ackermann's function
# Evaluates to NUM 509
let Ack = rec A ->
fun x -> fun y ->
if iszero x then
succ y
else if iszero y then
A (pred x) 1
else
A (pred x) (A x (pred y))
in
Ack 3 6
A more complicated example will we're implementing a list, yes a list! We need to use first-class functions. Let's take a look.
let cons = fun x -> fun xs -> fun n ->
if iszero n then x else if iszero (pred n) then xs else false
in
let nil = fun n -> true # This is flawed; hd nil and tl nil both return true!
in
let hd = fun f -> f 0
in
let tl = fun f -> f 1
in
let null = fun f -> f 2
in
let equal = rec e -> # This tests whether two integers are equal.
fun a -> fun b -> if iszero a then
iszero b
else if iszero b then
false
else
e (pred a) (pred b)
in
let member = rec m ->
fun n -> fun ns -> if null ns then
false
else if equal n (hd ns) then
true
else
m n (tl ns)
in
member 4 (cons 1 (cons 2 (cons 3 (cons 4 (cons 5 nil)))))
The output of this program is, of course, BOOL true. Unfortunately, lists can't be displayed nicely, they print out as huge FUN terms…
What has been done?
Last night, I created a Github repository and started pushing some code. I already have a Lexer to do the tokenization work and a Parser to build the AST. Because I love types, I want PCF to be type safe, so I am planning to finish the Type Inference System module tomorrow. By the end of the week an small evaluator should be ready.
Once this part is done, I might want to generate byte code so it can be executed over the JVM, I don't have any experience in this area, so any help will be appreciated.
Test Driven Development (TDD)
Because we are TDD addicts, all existent code has been written using these development techniques. If you read the test, don't worry about functional implementation details.
Endings
I hope that when this small project is done I have gotten a better understanding of the Scala language and my mind has bend to the functional programming mindset.
I really appreciate all comments in my previous posts, thanks.
News
Paul Dummett named in Wales training squad for Euros but no Gareth Bale
Newcastle defender Paul Dummett has been named in Gareth Bale in Chris Coleman's 29-man Wales training squad ahead of the Euros but Gareth Bale was missing from the list.
The squad will travel to the Algarve on Monday 23 May for their pre-Euro 2016 training camp and then the final 23-man squad for the Euros will be named on Tuesday 31 May.
Gareth Bale has other things on his mind first, as well as the La Liga title race Bale and Real Madrid play in the Champions League final on Saturday 28 May, which explains his absence from the training camp.
Wales play away in Sweden on Sunday 5 June and then play their first group game in France on Saturday 11 June against Slovakia, before playing England on Thursday 16 June.
Chris Coleman's side face Russia in the final group game on Monday 20 June.
Paul Dummett has come back to full fitness just in time and has played the last five Newcastle matches, which have seen United picking up two wins and three draws.
Wales 29 man training squad:
Hennessy, Fon Williams, Ward, A Williams, Davies, Collins, Chester, Taylor, Gunter, Richards, Dummett, Matthews, Henley, Ramsey, Ledley, Allen, J Williams, Edwards, King, Vaughan, Huws, Robson Kanu, Vokes, Church, Cotterill, G Williams, Bradshaw, Lawrence, Burns.
Continuing the series of guest blog posts on overlooked poets, I am delighted to welcome John Field of Poor Rude Lines to these pages.
–
I knew that bookshops and reading lists were the gatekeepers of good taste and that unknown and unread writers were unknown and unread with good reason.
I knew that the likes of Spencer, Shakespeare and Sidney had earned their plinths in the pantheon because history separates wheat from chaff with a cool, detached impartiality.
I knew that women in the 1600s were not writing (anything worth reading) because they were largely illiterate and too busy dying in childbirth to snatch the quills from their husbands to dash off some tasty sonnets.
I picked Aemilia Lanyer's name at random from the reading list of Renaissance women poets thrust at me by a university tutor whom I partly despised because she was responsible for the creation of a MSt (Master of Studies) in Women's Studies. Where, I wondered, was the MSt in Men's Studies? I was too stupid to realize that most students passing through most courses were studying for one of these already. Having heard of none of the names on that list, I picked Lanyer's because the ‘Ae' diphthong in Aemilia made her sound prettier than Mary Wroth, who sounded like a severe old puritan.
Then I opened Lanyer's 1611 poem, Salve Deus Rex Judæorum, and started reading. Eve's been copping it since that smooth-talking serpent persuaded her to pluck the apple from the bough of the tree of knowledge but Aemilia Lanyer has had enough of that scriptural justification for womanly moral infirmity:
But surely Adam can not be excusde,
Her fault though great, yet hee was most too blame;
What Weaknesse offerd, Strength might have refusde,
Being Lord of all, the greater was his shame:
Although the Serpents craft had her abusde,
Gods holy word ought all his actions to frame,
For he was Lord and King of all the earth,
Before poor Eve had either life or breath.
A few lines later, the poem pulls back to the present moment with the impassioned plea, ‘Then let us have our Libertie againe'. Lanyer was close to the court. I like to think that she knew what was going down – her poem was published in 1611, the year that the King James Bible hit the bestseller list. She knew that a generation of readers without Latin – women – were going to read Eve getting it in the neck again. I like to think that her poem offers an audacious corrective: Adam, Pontius Pilate, St Peter are presented as Muppets one and all. Christ reads like the beefcake in the Diet Coke adverts, flexing his pecs to Etta James' ‘I Just Want to Make Love to You', in Lanyer's reboot of The Song of Solomon – the fruity bit of the Bible that we like at weddings:
Black as a Raven in her blackest hew;
His lips like skarlet threeds, yet much more sweet
Than is the sweetest hony dropping dew,
Or hony combes, where all the Bees doe meet;
Yea, he is constant, and his words are true,
His cheeks are beds of spices, flowers sweet;
His lips, like Lillies, dropping downe pure mirrhe,
Whose love, before all worlds we doe preferre.
The Diet Coke ad isn't such a fanciful comparison either. Lusty chaps like John Donne were sharing handwritten copies of their saucy poems. Yet again, women were objectified. They were reduced to poetic tokens of exchange and passed around circles of salacious friends. Salve Deus opens with a series of dedicatory poems to a community of female readers – and Lanyer's Christ is passed between them and her description of Christ is arresting.
Look deeper though and Lanyer's Christ is certainly erotic, but more trans. The first metaphor, ‘Black as a Raven in her blackest hew', feminizes Christ. At one level this is shocking. If Donne and pals are exchanging poems on the female body, why would Lanyer try to play along? Why exchange a feminized body when she could exchange something more masculine? Perhaps she's reminding the reader, yet again, that the best of Christ – his gentleness, his passivity – are not typically celebrated as manly virtues. If her society could only see women's closeness to Christ, perhaps they would see fit to reappraise their position within it. There's also something wonderfully dangerous and erotically charged in Lanyer's refusal to think in reductive binary terms. The ‘lips like skarlet threeds' come straight from The Song of Solomon… where they describe the bride.
I was seduced from the get-go. The questioning of smug, safe establishment lists of worthies strikes me as both politically and aesthetically urgent and, for anyone who doubts the validity of studying the Arts in schools and universities, hear this: reading and writing challenges and changes minds. It reshapes our society for the better. Had I the spare cash and time, I'd gladly enrol on that MSt in Women's Studies and blogs like Fiona Moore's Displacement are asking the right – awkward – questions. How can under a third of the poetry collections reviewed by the Guardian between 2014 and 2016 be by women?
By night, John Field blogs at Poor Rude Lines, reviewing contemporary poetry, and has worked for the Poetry Book Society, writing about the 2015 TS Eliot Prize shortlist and the 2014 Next Generation Poets. He has also written for Forward Arts and was blogger in residence at the Aldeburgh Poetry Festival, 2013. By day, he teaches English at secondary school.
How did he get that number! I may have taken a few liberties. The kind that gets me emails warning that while I normally enjoy your comics, I hope you know that you have this completely wrong and now I have no respect for you. Well. I shan't fight you over Bell and Watson having a direct line to Gray's newly developed telephone but there it is nonetheless.
This actually began as a comic about the Wright Brothers and the race for getting the first airplanes off the ground, but in the roundabout way that is my usual method (hardly an effective one), the subject changed completely. Or not completely. Bell, as we know, was in the airplane races as well as the telephone one and probably a bunch of others like the can opener race and the whatever hot inventors at the time were up to. What a time too! I mean, the ipad is great and everything but you imagine being around when someone is inventing telephones and flying?
Anyway. Poor old Gray. The whole affair is a little shady and still confusing but there is no doubt both men were pretty sharp. When I was little we used to have to take school trips to the Alexander Graham Bell museum in Baddeck where far in the distance, you could see his giant mansion. Apparently, the telephone business is a pretty good gig.
Also. The answer to having things that are incorrect in my comics is, by the way, this: of course they are.
At least 59 people were killed when a gunman opened fire late Sunday at a Las Vegas concert. Families and loved ones of those killed, or of the more than 520 injured, have spoken to media outlets or taken to social media to express their condolences.
Lisa Romero-Muniz and Sonny Melton were among the victims. Melton, of Big Sandy, Tenn., was protecting his wife when a gunman aiming from the 32nd floor of a Las Vegas hotel-casino unleashed a hail of bullets on an outdoor country music festival below, his family told Fox affiliate WZTV.
"At this point, I'm in complete disbelief and despair," the man's wife, Heather Gulish Melton, told the station in a statement Monday.
"I don't know what to say. Sonny was the most kind-hearted, loving man I have ever met," Melton said. "He saved my life and lost his."
Melton, 29, was a registered nurse who worked at Jackson-Madison County General Hospital in Jackson, Tenn., according to his Facebook profile.
On Friday night, Melton posted on the social media site that he was attending the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas with his wife, an orthopaedic surgeon.
The couple worked at the same hospital and married in 2016.
"We were the couple that never should have met, fallen in love or had a future together....but life is funny and we believe God brought us together as soul mates," read their wedding page on the website The Knot. "We have shared amazing times together and nearly unbearable heartaches but through it all we have grown stronger in our love for each other and our families."
Lisa Romero-Muniz, who also was killed in the shooting, worked as a secretary at Miyamura High School in Gallup, N.M. A school official confirmed to Fox News that Romero died at the concert.
A Canadian man, identified as 23-year-old Jordan McIldoon, also died in the shooting, according to multiple media reports. He was days away from his 24th birthday. A fellow concertgoer, Heather Gooze, wrote on her Facebook page that McIldoon died in her arms, CBC News reported Monday.
The man's parents, who confirmed their son's death to the news outlet, said McIldoon attended the concert with his girlfriend and had planned to return home on Monday.
"We only had one child," they said. "We just don't know what to do."
Alaska native Adrian Murfitt, 35, died during the concert, a family member said Monday. Murfitt worked as a fisherman, and went to Vegas to attend the concert to "treat himself to something nice and fun," his sister told The Associated Press.
Here are the names of other victims identified in the shooting:
—Quinton Robbins, 20, of Henderson, Nev., studied at the University of Nevada-Las Vegas and worked in the city government of his hometown. He was described in a posting on his aunt's Facebook page as "the most kind and loving soul."
—Jessica Klymchuk, 28, a Canadian single mother of four who was visiting Las Vegas with her fiancé, was an educational assistant, librarian and bus driver for St. Stephen's School. She got engaged in April.
—Rachael Parker, a 10-year employee with the Manhattan Beach Police Department in Manhattan Beach, Calif. The police department confirmed her death in a news release and said Parker will be "greatly missed."
—Sandy Casey, 35, worked as a special education teacher at Manhattan Beach Middle School, and got engaged to her boyfriend five months ago in New Zealand.
—Susan Smith, 53, of Simi Valley, Calif., who worked as a teacher at Vista Elementary School for 16 years, "was the hub of everything that happened at the school ... she was always smiling."
—Charleston "Chuck" Hartfield, 34, was an off-duty Las Vegas police officer, military veteran and youth football coach, who recently wrote a book titled, "Memoirs of a Public Servant."
—Angie Gomez, a 2015 graduate of Riverside Polytechnic High School PTSA in Riverside, Calif.
—Rhonda LeRocque, 41, an "amazing" mother from Tewksbury, Mass., who "did everything for her family."
—Denise Burditus, a wife of 32 years, a mother of two, and soon-to-be grandmother, of Martinsburg, W.Va., was in attendance at the festival for the second consecutive year with her husband Tony, described by a family member as Denise's high school sweetheart.
—Jennifer Irvine, a family law and criminal defense lawyer was a "bubbly, vivacious, pint-sized, aggressive attorney" who "was going to do good things in her career."
—Jenny Parks, whose husband was also shot by the shooter but survived, was a kindergarten teacher for the Lancaster School District in California and "was truly one of the most loving people you could ever hope to meet."
—John Phippen, a father from Santa Clarita, Calif., whose son remains hospitalized after being shot, died Monday morning. He reportedly operated a home remodeling company called JP Specialties.
—Thomas Day Jr., 54, of the Las Vegas area, was at the festival with his four children. He reportedly worked as a home builder.
—Neysa Tonks, 46, of Utah, moved to Las Vegas 10 years ago. Her brother said "she was pretty much a single mother who raised three boys. She was a great mom and a great sister and a great friend," who worked at the IT firm Technologent.
—Bailey Schweitzer, 20, of Bakersfield, Calif.
—Jack Beaton, of Bakersfield, Calif., was killed while covering his wife from gunfire.
—Victor Link, of San Clemente, Calif.
To those looking to get in contact with their loved ones: please call 1-800-536-9488.
Fox News' Nicole Darrah and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
AKRON, Ohio -- Police officers found a meth lab Sunday while checking on an unsupervised 1-year-old boy seen eating charcoal.
Nicholas Anton, 25, and Heather Sandau, 25, are charged with two first-degree felony counts of illegally possessing chemicals used for methamphetamine, a second-degree felony count of child endangering and felony drug possession.
Both are scheduled to make their first court appearances Monday morning.
Akron police received a report about 1 p.m. about the boy eating charcoal at the in the street outside the couple's apartment in the 1000 block of Independence Avenue. Santau and Anton were asleep when officers knocked on their door.
Police found the meth lab inside and a small amount of the drug, according to investigators. They also found syringes and other items to use drugs.
Summit County Children Services took custody of the boy, according to court records. Santau is the boy's mother and Anton is Santau's boyfriend, according to Akron police.
Anton was sentenced to 10 months in jail in 2014 for aggravated possession of methamphetamine and forging checks.
He served an eight-month prison sentence in 2013 for attacking a 21-year-old acquaintance at a Circle K gas station on Albrecht Avenue. He also was sentenced to 10 months in jail in 2011 for theft.
Sportscaster John Madden has not boarded a plane since 1979, but crisscrosses the nation weekly during the football season covering “NFL Monday Night Football” for ABC-TV.
His transport isn't Amtrak or Greyhound. It's the ultimate SUV — an $800,000, 45-foot luxury coach fitted with everything from sauna to gourmet galley.
Madden, 67, works, sleeps and eats as he covers 80,000 miles annually — almost all of it between September and January — across America's interstate highways.
Here's a peek at the highway lifestyle of America's best-known “road warrior.”
The Madden Cruiser rolls out of the commentator's upscale, gated Blackhawk development near Oakland for a routine, 53-hour transcontinental trek to New York for a Monday Night Football assignment.
“Turn off your mind for 50 hours,” says Madden, comfortable in golf shirt and sweat pants.
He's a high-temperature guy who has the best winning record of any football coach from his days with the Oakland Raiders. He once patrolled the sidelines of wintry Soldier Field, Chicago in his shirtsleeves, so it's no surprise that he sets the cabin's climate control at a chilly 60 degrees.
The three flat-screen plasma televisions are tracking different stations by satellite and an ABC staffer is working at a laptop computer that's up-linked to Madden's Goal Line Productions office back in Pleasanton, Calif.
The Cruiser is a rolling command post, with high-speed Internet access, multiple TVs, a navigation system, cell phones and a fax all in satellite contact with the outside world.
“We don't stop any more to set up a satellite dish or make a phone call,” says agent Sandy Montag. “We don't need to. We keep rolling. It used to be that we didn't use the satellite very much because we had to stop to set it up.
“We don't like to stop, and we have rules. We don't wait for anyone, we go 1,000 miles on a tank of diesel and we finish any bottle of water we start.”
Sockless, despite the on-board chill, Madden takes a slug of his 48-ounce water bottle.
“I used to get on the airplane, then I'd get off the airplane. I'd go to the hotel and the stadium, then back to the airplane. I traveled all over, but I didn't see anything. Now, I do,” he says in that familiar, confiding voice.
John Madden with Tom Sorrells, CEO of Motor Coach Industries, the creator of John's ‘bus'
It was back in 1979 that the poster child for the claustrophobic, fear-of-flying set had what he described as “a full-blown panic attack” when about to fly out of Tampa.
“It wasn't about flying, bad turbulence or anything. The flight attendant closed the door and before we'd even moved I knew I had to get off the plane, but I gutted it out. You think you're going to die. I was sweating, shaking, the whole thing.
“It was about being encased and not being able to get out.”
Madden landed, turned in his frequent flier card, and grounded himself forever.
First, he tried Amtrak, but when trains didn't go where he wanted, he hired a motor coach. Soon, he traded promotional appearances for a custom Greyhound and boarded the first Madden Cruiser.
Today, he's on his fourth, an E4500 Entertainer made by Motor Coach Industries of Schaumburg, Ill., and complete with bedroom (the queen-sized air mattress is set at ‘firm'), guest bunks and polished granite-topped galley with a double oven, electric stove and side-by-side fridge.
A generator big enough to power a 5,000-square-foot house powers it all.
There's also a high-tech office, two bathrooms and an extra- large steam shower and sauna — everything finished in rosewood and glove leather.
The luxury-suite-on-wheels comes courtesy of a promotional agreement with Outback Steakhouse, and Madden makes a point of visiting as many of the 1,000 U.S. outlets as he can during his odysseys. After nine years with the company, he guesses he's halfway through the list.
But he still loves the greasy-spoon diners, back-road barbecue cafes and home-cooking food joints he finds on America's highways.
“I like to go into small towns and find a new place. In Mississippi, I've got a seafood place I go to,” he says. “In Van Horn, Texas, it's Chuy's. We always call ahead and Mama Chuy makes a chicken dish with beans and rice, and she makes her own tortillas.
“In California, in Los Banos on Interstate Highway 5, our first stop is the Woolgrowers, a Basque restaurant. In Georgia, there's a place called The Georgia Pig, that's just barbecue.”
Madden wanders back to his office, scans the TV screens and starts reading sports reports, readying for his work at the Giants' game.
Madden's longtime drivers, Willie Yarbrough and Joe Mitchell, are always at the controls of the Cruiser. It's 13 feet high, weighs 45,000 pounds, has a 200-gallon fuel tank and gets about six miles per gallon.
Operating costs aren't discussed, but industry insiders say a luxury coach like this rents for $450 a day plus fuel, maintenance, insurance and driver salaries. A few other odds and ends help push the cost well over a dollar a mile, or say $4,000 for a one-way, cross-country trip.
That's small change for Madden, who's reputed to make about $40 million a year from his broadcasting, video games and Ace Hardware and Outback Steakhouse endorsements.
“If it's a short trip, say from New York to Philadelphia, the bus is full, a rolling party,” says Montag. “But when it's all the way across country, New York to San Francisco, there's usually about three people aboard.”
A rolling command post has its virtues, as well as being a people mover, Montag says.
“In San Diego the other week, the NFL announced at 7 p.m. on Sunday that the San Diego-Miami game would be moved to Arizona because of wildfires in California. By 7.30 p.m., John was on the Cruiser headed for Tempe.
“They arrived at 3.30 a.m., Monday and a few hours later were ready to broadcast!”
Back on Sept. 11 when the World Trade Center towers were attacked, Madden was in New York, where he has an apartment. The football game was canceled and he readied himself for a trip back to California.
His management group called to say that flight cancellations had left ice queen Peggy Fleming stranded in Pennsylvania and could John give her a ride back to her Los Gatos, Calif., home?
Big John collected the Olympic legend and as they drove through Nebraska, they stopped at a small store near Omaha to buy American flags for the bus.
“The guy couldn't believe that Peggy Fleming and John Madden had just walked in. He begged: ‘As you leave town, drive by the store and honk at me!'”
As the Cruiser rolls east across the Sierra Nevada on Interstate Highway 80, Madden retreats to his bedroom for a nap. Even the queen-sized bed is special; it has an air mattress from Select Comfort that the manufacturer scrambled to fit.
“John heard about the air mattress, tried it and liked it,” says Chuck Dorsey, president of the Minneapolis sleep company. “The problem was coordinating its installation in the Cruiser, as it's on the road all the time.”
A crew contacted the bus somewhere in Wyoming and when Madden arrived for playoffs in the Twin Cities, workers took out the innerspring and installed the new air bed while the game went on.
Dawn comes up as the Cruiser passes the Black Hills, and Madden is on the intercom, asking the driver, “Where are we?”
Truckers on the interstate recognize the red-and-yellow rig and radio in to ask driver Yarbrough where Madden's headed, what game he's doing.
By midafternoon, already through the Rockies with sightings of antelope, wild horses and prairie dogs, there's a stop for fuel. The bus is in Nebraska, roughly half way, and Madden takes a 15-minute walk.
He doesn't seek it, but he is quickly recognized as “The Football Guy”‘ or “The Ace Hardware Guy.” Sometimes, people give him pies or fried chicken. Mostly, they greet him and say how they enjoy listening to his commentaries. He's friendly, outgoing, approachable, but he's soon back on the bus.
There's no exercise equipment on the Cruiser. Madden considered putting a treadmill on board, but it was too big.
“For me, it has to be industrial size,” he sighs.
The drivers grab several local newspapers. Madden, after a steam shower and sauna, downloads other reports from the Internet and starts to do homework as the bus rolls through thickening traffic south of Chicago.
“I'm not a journalist, I'm not an actor. I'm a football coach doing television,” he says. “It's fun. It's my life, my passion. I'll do it as long as I can.”
Madden's driver stays far south of Lake Michigan and skirts I-80 — a standing order, as the highway invariably seems to have construction delays. Then, it's through the fall foliage of Indiana and Pennsylvania.
Madden, lolling in the front seat with his feet on the windshield, nods at the colors.
“People pay money to see scenes like this,” he says. “You only get to see America driving through places like Nebraska for eight hours.
“This is seeing our country. I've always said a congressman should ride across country. Not drive, because you can't see when you drive, you have to ride. You have to be a witness to America.”
It's Friday afternoon, and the Cruiser is touching down, pulling into Manhattan. Madden will sleep at his apartment, ready himself for Monday night's analysis and banter, ride the brightly-painted Cruiser to Giants' stadium and greet a throng of eager fans.
Game over, he'll snack, shower and sleep on the bus as it threads its way out of the city and starts again to cross the huge spaces of America's heartland. He'll travel from stadium to shining stadium, from Mile High to Lambeau, Qualcomm to Candlestick. It's all in a season's work for the coast-to-coast commuter.
When the sequester cuts slashed $85 billion from the federal budget, crippling federal programs like Head Start and halting crucial research at the National Institutes of Health, the government continued spending tax dollars on things like 3-D pizza printers for NASA, a beachfront property loan program for millionaires, and a $300 million Army surveillance blimp that doesn't work.
Those are just three of the 100 examples of egregious government waste that cost taxpayers $30 billion this year--all detailed in Sen. Tom Coburn's (R-OK) annual “Wastebook,” released Tuesday.
Related: Government Wastes More Money Than You Think
The report, obtained Monday night by The Fiscal Times, documents a host of federally-subsidized programs and projects that have incurred significant costs while offering little or no benefit to taxpayers.
The report isn't just about big ticket items; it also includes a spate of rather obscure, little-known projects, including a federally funded grant of nearly $400,000 awarded to Yale University to study the “oddity of the duck penis.” Another example is a $200,000 grant from the International Trade Administration that was awarded to a group of indie rock execs to travel the world and discover new music.
“Collectively these cost more than $30 billion in a year when Washington would have you believe everything that could be done has been done to control unnecessary spending,” Sen. Coburn said in a statement. “Had just these 100 been eliminated, the sequester amount would have been reduced nearly a third without any noticeable disruption.”
Related: Pentagon Mocks Sequester with New Millions Wasted
In his report, Coburn wastes no time in taking aim at his colleagues in the do-nothing 113th Congress, which, he says, achieved very little this year, aside from passing 56 laws, forcing a 16-day government shutdown and maintaining an approval rating that hovers around 10 percent.
“The first session of the 113th Congress will likely go down in history as the least productive in history, more notable for what it did not do than what it did,” Coburn said. He added that the government shutdown cost taxpayers $400 million, reinstating paychecks for furloughed federal employees earning more than $100,000 a year. This includes members of Congress.
“Congress should not be paid when it fails to pass an annual budget required by law,” Coburn said.
Related: More Popular Than Congress: Cockroaches, Traffic, Root Canals
The latest “Wastebook” was released just ahead of a Senate vote on a bipartisan budget deal brokered by Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA), which passed the House last week.
Coburn, a Republican and well known deficit hawk, voiced his disappointment about the deal during an interview on MSNBC last week, saying it doesn't go far enough to address the long-term debt and doesn't achieve any savings by eliminating any of the wasteful spending highlighted in his report.
“None of that's addressed in this. None of the waste, the duplication, the fraud. None of it," he said.
Here are some of the highlights of the report:
Beachfront Property for Millionaires — $500 million: A U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) home loan program, created to help people with low and moderate incomes afford a home in “rural areas” has been used by many millionaires in “resort communities” in tropical paradises like Hawaii. According to the report, more than 100 individuals or families received loan guarantees for $500,000 or more from the USDA to purchase a home in Hawaii. And here's the kicker: “If these new homeowners later cannot afford their new homes it's no problem, the federal government will protect the banks from losses by repaying 90 percent of the loans,” the report says. Last year, it paid nearly $500 million in lost claims.
Botched Blimp — $300 million: The Army spent three and a half years and nearly $300 million to build a football field-sized blimp called the Long Endurance Multi-Intelligence Vehicle, to provide continuous surveillance over Afghanistan battlefields; but the project was riddled with errors and cost overruns, so the Army eventually sold it back to the contractor.
NASA's “Pillownauts” — $360,000: During the shutdown, 97 percent of NASA's staff was laid off. Still, the agency was paying 20 people $18,000 each to literally lie around and do nothing for 70 days, their bodies “slightly tilted forward” as part of a study to help scientists learn how astronauts' bodies will change in space flight. NASA, however, isn't planning any missions any time in the foreseeable future, since it no longer has a manned space program… So the people getting paid to lie in bed all day might as well keep dreaming.
Fort Hood Shooter Still on Federal Payroll — $53,000 (in 2013): Alleged Fort Hood shooter Major Nadal Hasson continues to get paid a federal salary, since the Military Code of Justice doesn't allow a soldier to be suspended until he or she is found guilty. He made $52,952 in 2013 and $278,000 total since allegedly killing 13 and injuring 32 in 2009.
NASA Looks for Intelligent Life in Congress — $3 million: Since NASA's space program has been grounded, it's left to search for intelligent life on Earth. Curiously enough, it has chosen to explore Capitol Hill and the inner workings of Congress. Teaming up with Georgetown University, NASA will embark on its next mission of hosting a one-week seminar exploring how Congress works - almost as complicated and mysterious as the solar system?
Television Ads for Hurricane Sandy — $65 million: Of the $60.4 billion Congress appropriated for areas devastated by Hurricane Sandy, at least $65 million was put toward local television ads. Instead of rushing aid to the people who needed it most, state officials in New York and New Jersey spent the money on tourism-related TV advertisements. Making this particularly vexing for some local residents, "the flow of disaster aid has been both paltry and slow,” the report said.
Duplicate IT Systems — $321 million: The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) spent over $30 million on two IT programs that serve the same purpose. Both support “immigration enforcement booking management," which includes the processing of apprehended illegal aliens suspected of committing criminal violations of immigration law. However, DHS said it has no plans to address the duplicative expenditures. Similar problems have occurred at DOD, where the Air Force has two duplicative IT systems. According to a recent GAO report, three agencies have spent $321 million for overlapping IT purposes during the past several years.
Bureau of Print and Engraving Ruined New $100 Bills — $4 million: The new $100 dollar bills came out in October, after several setbacks pushed back their release date. One of the latest incidents happened in the fall when too much ink was applied to the paper (known as “mashing”). As a result, the Federal Reserve returned the bills to the Bureau and demanded a refund. The incident cost taxpayers about $4 million.
Half a Million to Spruce Up Block in Kansas Town — $500,000: The Department of Transportation awarded Rossville, Kansas—a tiny town with a population of 1,150—a grant of $532,000 to make one block in the downtown area “more decorative and colorful.” According to the report, the “decorative and colorful improvements to one street block in Rossville, Kansas, cost U.S. taxpayers $462 per resident of Rossville, or $38,000 for each of the 14 businesses located on this block of Main Street.” Maybe taxpayers across the country will now swarm to Rossville to enjoy the block they helped fund.
NASA's 3D Pizza Printer — $125,000: NASA awarded a $124,955 grant to Arjun Contractor to build a 3-D pizza printer. The space agency spends about $1 million on “Martian food development.” According to the report, a NASA scientist involved in the 3D printer pizza said it could be years until the creation becomes feasible. Too bad - it sounds out of this world. - Follow Brianna Ehley on Twitter @BriannaEhley
Top Reads from The Fiscal Times:
The Philadelphia Flyers moved up 11 spots in the 2017 NHL Draft Lottery to get the No. 2 overall pick, and that's cause for a Draft Night Party!
Join us on Friday, June 23 as we gather at Smith's Restaurant & Bar in Center City Philadelphia for our 2017 NHL Draft Party, co-hosted with the fine folks at SportsRadio 94WIP.
We'll be there starting at 6 p.m., and from 6:30 until 8:30 we'll have a live taping of BSH Radio. Bill, Kelly, Steph and Charlie will be talking hockey from the bar, and Travis will be reporting live from the Draft in Chicago.
Former Flyer Keith Jones will be making an appearance, and we'll have swag from the SportsRadio 94WIP street team.
Whether it's Nico or Nolan, we'll be sure to have a great time. Come celebrate the draft with us!
The 2017 NHL Draft Party!
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
MINDLESS bigots daubed a swastika and anti-Islamic graffiti on the wall of a new Sikh Central Gurdwara.
Police are investigating the vandalism at the place of worship near the Mitchell Library in Glasgow.
And politicians and religious leaders yesterday slammed those responsible.
Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy said: “There is no place for this type of stupid and sickening
offensive behaviour.
“The Sikh community is an important part of modern Scotland and it is shameful that this iconic building should be targeted.”
The graffiti was found two weeks ago and the Gurdwara decided to publicise the incident after a community meeting.
Surjit Singh Chowdhary, vice-president of Central Gurdwara Singh Sabha, said: “The Sikh community completely abhors the hateful ideology of Islamophobia. We are in shock that such disgraceful words were put on the walls of this great Gurdwara.
“The Sikh community's gift to Glasgow has been commandeered as a platform for the hateful messages which do not belong in our country.”
The £15million Central Gurdwara, in the city's Berkeley Street, is due to open in the summer. Police believe the vandalism took place on March 23 or 24.
Chief Inspector Simon Midgely urged anyone with information about the incident to come forward.
He added: “There is no room in our society for racial abuse and it is not acceptable to treat people in such a manner.
“I have no doubt that this incident caused individuals considerable distress.
“I would like to thank the Gurdwara who contacted police to report the matter, indicating that people in Scotland will not tolerate racism.”
Try your hand at our daily news quiz:
It's crunch time again for Mario Draghi.
The president of the European Central Bank, whose 2012 pledge to save the euro helped Europe crawl out of its debt crisis, is being called upon to perform another rescue mission.
With prices falling for the first time since the Great Recession, investors are now betting heavily that the ECB will start printing money to buy government bonds on a huge scale.
The Fed-style program of quantitative easing (QE) would be aimed at preventing a deflationary spiral that could spark a new crisis.
"We see a very high probability that the ECB will scale up its asset purchases shortly, probably on January 22, with at least a 65% probability that the new purchases will include sovereign bonds," wrote Berenberg chief economist Holger Schmieding in a note.
Inflation fail
Unlike other central banks, the ECB has only one policy goal and that is to keep prices stable. It defines price stability as annual inflation of just below 2%.
The last time it was anywhere near that level was two years ago. There's no chance of it returning to target before 2017, according to the bank's own forecasts.
Eurozone consumer prices fell 0.2% in December, the weakest figure since September 2009. As oil prices continue to tumble, there could be worse to come.
"We expect another sharp fall in [annual consumer price] inflation in January, by around -0.5%," forecast Gizem Kara, senior European economist at BNP Paribas. "Inflation will then hover slightly below zero for most of 2015."
Stagnation
The danger for Europe is that falling prices -- or zero inflation -- stifle the region's already feeble economic growth. Consumers and businesses may choose to save rather than spend if they think prices will fall further in the future.
The eurozone emerged from recession in the middle of 2013 but has been stuck in first gear ever since. Business confidence is recovering from the freeze in relations with Russia over Ukraine, but recent indicators suggest 2014 ended on a weak note.
The quarterly rate of growth may have slowed to just 0.1% in the last three months of the year, according to surveys. And the number of unemployed in the eurozone rose for a third month running in November, the first time that has happened since early 2013.
A new recession is the last thing Europe needs. It would make it even harder for countries such as Italy to service their enormous debts and could inflame a backlash against austerity that already threatens to topple Greece's government.
Running out of ammo
The ECB has cut interest rates as low as they can go, and launched limited asset purchases. Buying government bonds is the last big weapon in its arsenal.
Draghi has held back, apparently because he has so far been unable to win the support of enough member of the ECB's governing council.
Opposition is particularly pronounced in Germany, where critics argue QE would be ineffective, let governments off the hook by reducing the pressure for economic reform, and may even be illegal.
If Draghi holds fire again on January 22, it may only be because he wants to keep something in reserve should Greek elections three days later deliver another blow to the eurozone.
Leading the opinion polls in Greece is a party that has pledged to cancel a big chunk of the country's debt and negotiate new terms on its 240 billion euro bailout by the EU and IMF. That could lead to an impasse that may ultimately force Greece to quit the euro.
I am starting to hear and see commercials offering help to manage weight, pounds, inches, and fat that we seem to gain around holiday time. For sure there is an abundance of good (fattening) food everywhere we look. From parties to home gatherings and eating out, we are constantly challenged to make choices that we won't pay for later.
For some of us, the holidays come at a time when we also experience a change in the weather: it gets colder! Traditionally, our appetites increase as temperatures decrease. We also tend to crave food that is associated with keeping us warm – usually food that is high in fat. I am not saying that we can't eat anything ‘good'!! It just needs to be balanced and the sugary or fatty foods kept to a minimum while still enjoying holiday foods.
Here is what we know: if we eat more calories, and can not burn enough of them, we will gain fat. It is a tough thought to process, but it is true. The food is just so tempting, delicious looking, smells good, we want to be social, etc., etc., etc. It will still taste delicious if we eat a small amount of it.. works to eat slowly and savor every bite!
If we do ‘pig out' and consume an excess of calories, and unless we can get our metabolism up super high, or consistently burn those extra calories every single day, we are going to gain holiday weight.
The good news is that we have alternative choices that are healthier and more slimming, and can be used in combination with enjoying small amounts of the not-so-healthy foods. If we make weight management a part of our daily lives, we don't have to ‘be on diets'. Eating smarter, exercising regularly, and drinking lots of pure, clean water can help us maintain a weight that is right for us.
One way to reduce the number of calories that you will consume in a day is to choose a low calorie breakfast that is a low glycemic choice. What this will do is help balance your blood sugar levels so that you don't feel hungry until lunch. This avoids eating something full of sugar or high in fat in the middle of the morning. It also helps to set your blood sugar levels for the whole day when you make good choices first thing in the morning.
My breakfast of choice is a soy protein shake. It is an excellent source of nutrition and helps our bodies in so many ways including: frequent fatigue, mood swings, irritability, weakness in general, frequent colds, flus or infections, slow wound healing, menopausal symptoms, high cholesterol levels, cancer, emotional on empty stomach, shakiness, headaches relieved by sweets, faintness, lack of concentration, vegetarian diet.
For me, the difference I feel when I drink my soy shake is reason enough to choose it as my daily breakfast. I believe it helps my body be healthy, but it also makes me feel good, balanced, and in control of my day. When I need (or want) an alternative to my shake, I have used high protien meal bars that give me the same effect.
After breakfast, lean fats and good carbs are desired to maintain a healthy diet. Sugary drinks have hidden calories and should be kept at a minimum or eliminated altogether. Diets higher in vegetables, whole grains, and fruit, and low in fatty foods will produce the results that we desire. When attending holiday get-togethers, look for fresh fruit or vegetables, go ahead and indulge in a little dip that might accompany them, have a treat or two.. just don't over-eat. These are choices that we all have, and it is up to us as individuals – around the holidays and all year long – to decide what we want our results to be and to act in accordance of those decisions.
Fiber is another nutrition source that is often lacking in people's diets. The recommended daily intake of fiber is much higher than most people actually get every day. Not only does fiber help improve our digestion and keep us regular, it is very healthy for our colons and for absorbing fat in our bodies. If you can't get enough fiber in your daily diet, you can find it inside soy meal shakes, and in supplement form as either tablets or powder.
I hope that you can stay on track through the holidays and make good decisions that will give the outcomes that you want in terms of maintaining a healthy weight for you.
p.s. see the post under this for more information.
Marijuana use rises among teens as perception of it's harm shifts, AlterNet's Kristen Gwynne reports.
The National Institute of Drug Abuse (NIDA) released the results of its 2011 Monitoring the Future Survey of teen drug use, and guess what: teens are using cigarettes and alcohol less, but are smoking more marijuana. What's more, they're smoking more weed because they do not perceive it to be as harmful as did teens in the past. Teens' level of “associated risk” with marijuana use has gone done over time, and marijuana is, indeed, less harmful than alcohol and cigarettes: this could be an argument for more honest drug education in schools.
Associated risk is the danger or harm believed to be a consequence of drug use. If associated risk for a particular substance goes up, more people report that they consider using that drug to be a threat. In other words, as associated risk goes down, more people say the drug in question is “not that bad.” According to the NIDA study, a decline in marijuana's associated risk contributed to teens smoking more pot, while drinking less alcohol and smoking fewer cigarrettes. Thus, many teens actually showed good judgement, by using available information to determine the danger posed by particular substances, and making smart decisions accordingly.
According to the study, about 25 percent of teens surveyed said they tried marijuana at least once last year, a statistically significant rise of about 4 percent since 2007. Additionally, 6.6 percent of 12th graders also admitted to smoking weed daily.
Frequent marijuana use is the highest it has been since 1981, but cigarette and alcohol use reached historic lows. 11.7 percent of U.S. teens reported having smoked a cigarette in the last 30 days, compared to 12.8 percent in 2010. According to the report, a twenty-year gradual decline in alcohol use continued into 2011, and the decrease in that year alone was also significant:
Over the past 20 years, from 1991 to 2011, the proportion of 8th graders reporting any use of alcohol in the prior 30 days has fallen by about half (from 25 percent to 13 percent), among 10th graders by more than one third (from 43 percent to 27 percent), and among 12th graders by about one fourth (from 54 percent to 40 percent). Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
These findings are important, as alcohol and cigarettes are more deadly and addictive than pot. The report acknowledged that decreases in associated risk may play a factor in the increases in marijuana use. The decline in teens' perception of marijuana's harmfulness could be linked to public discussion of medical marijuana dispensaries and the ongoing debate about the medical benefits of marijuana. Thus, the study's own data proves what NIDA and other drug war institutions incessantly deny: knowledge—even if it shows the benefits of a drug—matters. Give young people accurate information, and they will use it to make better decisions that result in less harm to themselves, because teens, like everybody else, do not actually want to get hurt or become addicts.
This is the importance of harm reduction education. Understanding the varying addictive nature and likelihood of overdose or impurity of different drugs will help teens to make smarter decisions when they begin to experiment. Giving students honest information about drugs, like appropriate dosages, and providing information about safe injection (or other methods of use), does not necessarily insure that they will use drugs. It does, however, increase the odds that they will use drugs safely, and reduce the likelihood of experiencing the harms associated with drugs. But to win the trust of young people so that they take this information seriously, educators must also be honest about the harm or risk associated with different drugs, and it's not one size fits all.
♦◊♦
Though marijuana is a much safer drug than cigarettes or alcohol, not many officials are recognizing that marijuana's increase in use may have been a good thing, as it appears to be contributing to historic lows in cigarette and alcohol use. According to The New York Times, R. Gil Kerlikowske, the federal drug czar, said he believed increasing prevalence of medical marijuana contributed to a rise in teens' marijuana use—but not in a positive way.
“These last couple years, the amount of attention that's been given to medical marijuana has been huge,” he told The New York Times, “and when I've done focus groups with high school students in states where medical marijuana is legal, they say, ‘Well, if its called medicine and it's given to patients by caregivers, then that's really the wrong message for us as high school students.'”
The context of the article suggests that Kerlikowske is implying that medical marijuana, though only available to card-carrying adults at least 18 or 21 years old, has not only made pot easier to get, but has also made weed seem safer than he would like students to believe. To the disadvantage of his argument, pot has never killed anyone, and medical marijuana shows benefits for people living with glaucoma, AIDS, cancer, multiple sclerosis, and PTSD. And while pot may be more available in states where it is legal for medical reasons, in recent years, pot's associated risk has decreased more substantially than its availability has increased.
Additionally, recent data released by the Institute for the Study of Labor in Bonn, Germany, a research center for science, politics, and business, showed no evidence that the availability of medical marijuana influenced teens' use. What the study did find is that marijuana use is higher among adults in states where voters supported the legislation, and that the increase in use is actually beneficial: researchers concluded that smoking more and drinking less contributed to a 9 percent decrease in traffic fatalities.
And still, rather than accept the reality that teens always have, and always will, experiment with drugs, NIDA is calling its new marijuana statistics “depressing.” NIDA and Kerlikowsk are, in effect, advocating for prohibition and the limitation of information to explain only the most negative effects of drugs, even though some are more dangerous, or better for you, than others, rather than providing education that helps teens understand their health options, and ways of reducing the harm of drugs.
Last year, 11.4 percent of 12th grade students smoked synthetic marijuana like K2 and Spice, sold previously in head shops and gas stations, until many states banned them. Last week, the House of Representatives voted to ban more than 40 substances found in once-legal synthetic drugs. Their focus was on fake pot and bath salts, which are not a tub accessory, but research chemicals that mimmic the highs of cocaine or meth amphetamine.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
The Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) had already used its emergency scheduling power to classify a handful of these drugs into Schedule I, but the House voted not only to ban dozens more, but also to give the DEA the power to emergency schedule substances for three years instead of 18 months. Now, the DEA will have twice the time to investigate and determine whether the substances have medical benefits, as once they're in Schedule I, it is assumed they have none. Marijuana's placement in the Schedule I categorize has proved to allow little to no research not conducted by anyone other than the inherently anti-marijuana organization NIDA.
“Next year's results should tell us a lot more about how successful these new control efforts are,” said the study's principal investigator Lloyd Johnston. “We know that the great majority of those who have used synthetic marijuana also used regular marijuana during the year, as well as a number of other drugs.”
“We know that any substance that is legally available is more widely used,” Kerlikowske told the Los Angeles Times.
Even if that were true by all accounts, and more people were smoking fake pot than the real stuff (which, as even this study showed, they're not), this argument would be a great reason to legalize medical marijuana and decriminalize non-medical possession. Teens are going to do something, so why not allow them to purchase the safest drug out there, without risking arrests that could ruin their lives, by chopping away at education and employment opportunities?
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
Speaking of unsafe drugs, Johnston, the study, the House of Representatives, and the DEA, have not dedicated to prescription pill abuse the same time and conversation they have allotted to these synthetic drugs because prohibition is not an option.
“While the misuse of prescription drugs remains a very important part of the picture,” Johnston said, in one hell of a euphemism, “at least their use seems no longer to be growing among teens, and some are declining in use.”
The report also acknowledges the FDA's coordination with state and local agencies to conduct a “take-back program” to get rid of extra pills, as if hardcore addicts not medically prescribed are getting high every day off their friends' left overs instead of buying them on the street or from a corrupt doctor—and, perhaps more naive, as if taking away a pill eliminates addiction to opioids, the key ingredient in heroin.
♦◊♦
Availability itself is clearly not a sole determinant in teens' substance use, as the study itself suggested. Like all life decisions, associated risk, or whether one expects the act to be harmful, is a huge factor. Teens can lose trust in those who are supposed to educate them on how to safely navigate a drugged-filled society—say, when they're told that LSD will have them staring at the sun until they lose their vision, or that cocaine will make their hearts explode, but their friends who have tried the drugs report conflicting information and positive experiences. The result is that they get their information elsewhere. Sometimes, that may be beneficial; other times, not so much.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
According to the study, 15.2 percent of 12th graders abused prescription pills in the past year, making them the second most commonly used drug behind marijuana—again. The study also reports that Vicodin use has gone down, but 8 percent of 12th graders still used the drug in the past year. What's more, nearly 5 percent of 12th graders used OxyContin, the pill equivalent of heroin, in the past 12 months. Similar numbers report using sedatives, tranquilizers, and Adderall. Data was not available for perceived risk of opioids, but because more teens reported using these pills than heroin, they, having grown up in a culture of prescription pills, must perceive them to be less threatening.
Unfortunately, prescription pills kill more people than heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine combined. How is this not the foremost topic of every drug-related conversation?
The study does not acknowledge a lack of good drug information or harm reduction resources. Instead, it blames “generational forgetting” for older drugs reappearing after their harms have become known and newer drugs increased in popularity.
“There may well be a generational forgetting of the dangers of ecstasy as newer cohorts of youth enter adolescence,” Johnston said. “Because they were quite young when the original ecstasy epidemic occurred, they have had less chance to hear the warnings about the dangers of the drug than did their predecessors.”
The study recommended shrinking the time between a drug's emergence and awareness of its negative effects, but the smarter route would be to avoid the harmful effects altogether. Why not take a health-centered approach to these drugs, so that teens may learn how to use them safely, without “generational forgetfulness” kicking in once the government is cranking down on some other drug, thus pushing them towards another one?
Perhaps, if the youth received honest drug education in schools, they would not be using prescription pills at rates so high that painkillers, often mixed with anti-anxiety meds and alcohol, have pushed overdose to become the leading cause of accidental death in America.
Originally appeared on AlterNet.
Kristen Gwynne covers Drugs at AlteNet. She graduated from New York University with a degree in Journalism and Psychology. She is the youngest AlterNet employee.
—Photo Torben Bjørn Hansen/Flickr
(CNN) -- The two people who died and the 19 others who fell ill at a central Arizona resort after spending time in a sauna-like "sweatbox" were attending a program by self-help expert James Arthur Ray, authorities said Saturday.
Two people died and were 19 injured after spending up to two hours inside this "sweatbox" at an Arizona resort.
The dead were identified as James Shore of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Kirby Brown of Westtown, New York, Sheriff Lloyd Waugh told reporters. They were among the 50 or so visitors at the Angel Valley Resort near Sedona attending Ray's "Spiritual Warrior" program.
Nineteen others were treated for injuries sustained in the sweatbox, a dome-like structure covered with tarps and blankets. Hot rocks and water are used to create steam in the enclosed environment.
Waugh said investigators are looking into evidence that "may turn this into a criminal prosecution."
Investigators are looking into similar events held previously in other locations by Ray, who refused to speak with officers at the scene, Waugh said. A follow-up interview is expected to happen.
Ray's publicist, Howard Bragman, did not immediately return calls from CNN on Saturday.
Ray posted a noted late Friday on his Twitter page, saying: "I'm shocked & saddened by the tragedy occurring in Sedona. My deep heartfelt condolences to family & friends of those who lost their lives."
On Saturday he posted another message, saying he's "spending the weekend in prayer and meditation for all involved in this difficult time; and I ask you to join me in doing the same."
The self-help guru is widely known for his programs that claim to teach individuals to create wealth through all aspects of their lives -- financially, mentally, physically and spiritually.
Ray, whose company is based in Carlsbad, California, has appeared on a variety of national programs, including CNN's "Larry King Live." In that appearance, Ray was about to address 3,000 people in Phoenix, Arizona.
Asked what he thinks about critics of his teachings, Ray told King:
"Well, you know, it's interesting, Larry, because any time a new idea comes to the fore, it goes through three phases. It's first ridiculed. Then it's violently opposed. And then it's finally accepted as self-evident, normally after the opposition dies."
Angel Valley Resort advertises itself as "a place to relax and heal ... where powerful earth energies are present and active." It was founded in April 2002 by Michael and Amayra Hamilton, both of whom are teachers and counselors there.
The resort is on 70 secluded valley acres 20 minutes from Sedona, surrounded by thousands of acres of national forest, according to the Web site. It has Internal Revenue Service nonprofit status as a religious organization, its Web site says.
"There are twenty marked vortexes and angel sites to experience connection with Earth and spirit, deep relaxation, and balancing," an online brochure says. "Angel Valley offers two labyrinths and an Angel Wheel for going inward, finding answers and getting insights."
No information about the sweat lodge could be found on the Web site Saturday morning, and numerous internal links were not functioning.
The use of sweat lodges for spiritual and physical cleansing is a part of several Native American tribes' cultures.
A traditional Native American sweat lodge is a small dome-like structure made up of willow branches carefully tied together and covered in canvas. Rocks are heated in a nearby fire pit and placed inside the lodge, and water is poured over them to create steam.
"We are curious to find out what happened there," Richard Moreno, a member of Pira Manso Pueblo tribe, told KPHO-TV. "I've been participating in the sweat lodge since the age of 3 and I've never recalled being sick from being in the sweat lodge."
Moreno told the station he has never been to a lodge that held more than 20 people.
All About Accidents and Disasters • Arizona
Correctly merging two arrays into a single array requires thinking about the type of data we have. Is our data flat or does it contain nested arrays? What should happen when both arrays contain the same key?
PHP provides three ways to merge arrays.
The array union operator: +. The array_merge function. The array_merge_recursive function.
We may also need Zend\Stdlib\ArrayUtils::merge which ships as part of Zend Framework 2 and can be included in our application by requiring zendframework/zend-stdlib with Composer.
Choosing the right function
Structure
When our data is flat we can use array_merge or the + operator. When we want to merge nested arrays we must use a recursive function like array_merge_recursive or ArrayUtils::merge .
Duplicates
Duplicates occur when both input arrays contain the same key. Only keys are considered when determining duplicates, not values. Duplicates create a merge conflict that is resolved by either appending or replacing duplicate key values.
Only the + operator behaves consistently (it always replaces duplicates); the other merge functions change behaviour depending on whether the key type is numeric or a string as shown below. However, ArrayUtils::merge will behave consistently when true is passed as the third parameter since Zend Framework 2.2.6.
Numeric keys
With the exception of the + operator, values in numeric keys are appended and reindexed. The + operator always replaces duplicate keys regardless of the type.
Examples
In these examples both arrays have the same implicit numeric key (0). The + operator drops duplicates found in the right operand.
[1] + [2];
[0 => 1]
The merge functions append values and reindex keys. Since the input arrays are flat in these examples, the result is the same for the recursive functions.
array_merge([1], [2]);
[0 => 1, 1 => 2]
String keys
With the exception of array_merge_recursive , values in duplicate string keys are replaced. However, array_merge_recursive always appends duplicate keys regardless of the type.
Examples
Like numeric keys, the + operator always drops duplicates found in the right operand.
['foo' => 1] + ['foo' => 2];
['foo' => 1]
For string keys, array_merge drops duplicates found in the first argument.
array_merge(['foo' => 1], ['foo' => 2]);
['foo' => 2]
array_merge_recursive preserves duplicates by pushing each value into a new array under the duplicate key.
array_merge_recursive(['foo' => 1], ['foo' => 2]);
['foo' => [0 => 1, 1 => 2]]
Precedence
The argument for which duplicate keys are kept is said to have precedence during a merge. Argument order determines which values are kept and which are lost during replacement.
The + operator gives precedence to the first operand but the other merge functions give precedence to the second argument as shown in the table below. Argument order for array_merge_recursive is usually irrelevant since it always appends duplicates.
Function or operator Precedence + 1st operand array_merge 2nd argument ArrayUtils::merge 2nd argument
Conclusion
To merge two arrays correctly we must consider the data structure of each array and how we want to handle conflicts that occur when both arrays contain the same key. Once we know the data structure and have chosen a duplicate handling strategy we can select the correct function to merge our arrays.
Finally we ensure our arguments are specified in the correct order to give precedence to the array whose data we wish to keep when conflicts occur.
Nigel Lake suspended from WA Upper House, arrested carrying baseball bat, balaclava, police say
Updated
Police in Perth say the deputy clerk of the Legislative Council, Nigel Lake, was wearing latex gloves and carrying a baseball bat and a balaclava when he was arrested last month.
A police car patrolling the suburb of City Beach on the night of February 17 saw a man acting suspiciously on foot and stopped him.
It was alleged he was wearing a black hoodie, latex gloves, black pants and black shoes and was carrying a baseball bat and balaclava.
Lake, 49, was charged with possessing a controlled weapon and possessing a disguise intended for use in connection with committing an offence.
Police said further investigations led them to charge him with installing and using a tracking device.
Police would not reveal the identity of a potential target.
Lake was stopped near the home of his boss Nigel Pratt – the Clerk of the Legislative Council.
Mr Pratt was the deputy clerk of Tasmania's Upper House from 2007 to 2013.
Lake has been stood down from his $166,000-a-year job pending his court appearance on March 18.
Legislative Council president Barry House said he took immediate action to suspend Lake when police notified him of the charges.
"We also took immediate steps to notify the CCC [Crime and Corruption Commission] because he's a public official, and we've fully cooperated with police in the investigation."
Lake acting clerk until Nigel Pratt appointed
Mr House said Mr Pratt had been appointed to the position in February 2014 after interviews with a "number of candidates" in November and December the previous year.
Lake had been acting in the role of Clerk of the Legislative Council until Mr Pratt's appointment.
Mr House said there was nothing unusual about the hiring process.
"That was a perfectly normal process," he said.
I just find it bizarre, simple as that. It's a bit like a Monty Python episode, isn't it? WA Premier Colin Barnett
"We received several applications and we conducted interviews. A decision was made and the clerk was duly appointed."
Mr House would not confirm that Lake was one of the applicants considered for the position.
He said no appeal had lodged against the appointment by any other applicant.
Like a Monty Python episode: Premier
Arriving at Parliament, Premier Colin Barnett expressed bewilderment at the turn of events.
"I just find it bizarre, simple as that," he said.
"It's a bit like a Monty Python episode, isn't it?"
He said he was told of the arrest a couple of weeks ago.
Liberal Legislative Council member Robyn McSweeney said she was "absolutely appalled" while Police Minister Liza Harvey said she was surprised.
"However, you're probably aware in my portfolio I get lots of surprises and lots of reports of strange goings on every day of the week," she said.
Greens MP Lynn MacLaren said she was stunned to learn Lake was facing charges.
"It's just shocking to hear this news," she said.
"I think anyone would be shocked to find out that someone they work with every day has found themselves caught up in the law in this way."
Greens Legislative Ms McLaren said there was no hint of any problem in her dealings with Lake.
"I thought he was very helpful in the council. He gives us advice on petitions, so he's been very helpful and efficient in the advice that he's provided," she said.
Liberal Upper House MP Alyssa Hayden shared the disbelief of her Parliamentary colleagues.
"I'm blown away. Totally blown away," she said.
Topics: crime, state-parliament, perth-6000
First posted
Of all the things that stand out on the English midfielder's multi-faceted Twitter profile , the fact that he is vegan is probably the most unusual and challenging trait for a professional soccer player.
Vegan soccer players are a rare breed indeed, the most notable being Dwayne De Rosario, a four-time MLS Cup champion and the 2011 MLS Most Valuable Player.
A few other high-profile players, like Jason Roberts , have stuck to vegan diets during the season to keep the weight down.
In MLS the proud standard-bearer today - alongside LA Galaxy's Baggio Hušidić - is Watson, who encouraged by a former team-mate at the Carolina Railhawks, scrapped all meat and dairy from his diet almost five years ago to help prepare himself for his move up to the top flight in the United States.
"I was at the Carolina Railhawks at the time when the NASL had a much lower profile and you can kind of go through the motions. My diet was pretty terrible, I would eat too much fast food," the Englishman told The Telegraph in an interview.
"When the coach, Martin Rennie, got the job at Vancouver Whitecaps and told me he would take me with him, I decided that I needed to take the opportunity seriously and buck my ideas up.
"Another player on the Carolina team, Akira Fitzgerald, was vegan and I started asking him about it and started doing it with him. On away trips we would eat together and things like that.
"I felt better straight away. I cut out fast food and soda and it made me feel good - it was a very rewarding lifestyle.
"If I do something, I'm all in. I can't do things by halves, which is why I couldn't cheat. If I have meat one day then I'm basically going to give it up, so I'm being super-strict on myself.
"It was very difficult at first, especially with dairy, as you are not always sure what has dairy in it, and had things that I later realised weren't vegan. Now I check everything. I don't think I'll ever go back."
Watson says turning vegan has had no effect on his performances the only thing he has to be vigilant about is consuming enough protein - and warding off his team-mates' attempts to get him to eat meat.
"It's important you get enough protein - nuts, beans, tofu things like that," he adds. "If I feel like I've not had enough then I'll have a vegan protein shake.
"When we're on the road things get a little difficult as team meals are fine but when you're on your own some cities are better than others in terms of having the right foods readily available. It can be tricky.
"A lot of the guys give me stick about it. One of the guys, Kennedy Igboananike in particular, gives me a hard time and puts meat on my plate and things like that!"
Watson has fulfilled a dream after being released by Wolves aged 19 to finally make it up the domestic ranks in the United States to Major League Soccer.
Yet his career could have taken a remarkable turn when the midfielder was at the Railhawks and was offered a record deal and the chance to tour Europe.
Watson had been into hip hop since he was 16 and even had a music studio for a bedroom in his apartment. It was there he put together an album, with his wife Cat, whom he met at University of Maryland, Baltimore County [UMBC], providing some vocals.
Due to his flourishing success as a soccer player, Watson declined the offer of a music deal but it is something he looks fondly back on with a tinge of regret.
"I was 22 I made an album and someone nearly signed me to be my manager," Watson recalls. "It was a tiny label in North Carolina.
"I made an album, who I gave to my coach Scott Schweitzer and he gave it to a lady who used to work on the team and was involved in music.
"My wife sang a few songs on the album and this woman wanted us to tour in Europe. But I didn't have the time - it's something I would have loved to have done.
"If soccer hadn't worked out for me it would have been something I would have taken more seriously.
"It's more difficult to do it now that I've got a wife and children, especially as my youngest one has naps all day... but those were the days."
Watson had an admittedly "boring" childhood in Redditch in the Midlands and long harboured ambitions to move to the United States - "I always thought it was this big glorious place".
And when the opportunity came to go for a trial in front of college scouts after being released by Wolves, he jumped at the chance.
"I did really well. I got three goals in three games and I was offered seven scholarships," he says.
"Some weren't full scholarships, some weren't Division I so I had to whittle it down. I also looked at what teams had done the best and UMBC had done really well the previous year. I spoke to the coach there and he said, 'We'd love to have you' and that was it."
Having left full-time education aged 16, Watson struggled though to get to grips with the realities of being a student-athlete.
"My first year we didn't do very well as a lot of the best players had left. Also I wasn't really ready for university after being out of school for three years.
"My head wasn't in the right space and after three semesters I decided it wasn't for me and dropped out.
"I started studying psychology, then I realised you could only really teach it, then I went to philosophy, which was the same thing, and then I went to music.
"I want to go back to school. None of the things I did then I would do now. But I do want to pursue education - because as you get older you get a thirst for knowledge - but it's just finding the time."
After leaving UMBC - where he met his wife-to-be, a college volleyball player (and religious, unlike him) - Watson moved to Richmond Kickers, which he says were among "the best years" of his life even though he was earning pittance.
"I was earning $1,050 a month at Richmond," he recalls. "I would eat salad with nothing for lunch and then salad with a bit of chicken for dinner and maybe one Gatorade but I made it work.
"The second season I over-doubled my salary and it felt like I was earning all the money in the world!"
From Richmond, Watson made the move up to MLS thanks to the connections of three key people (all Britons) - Jonny Steele, a former team-mate at Wolves youth team, and coaches Martin Rennie and Frank Yallop. "Intertwining journeys" as Watson calls them.
It was through Steele that Watson played indoor soccer for Baltimore Blast - something he "found a little frustrating at times as I like running and it took away that side of my game" - and then moved to the Carolina Railhawks. And it was through Rennie that he moved from the Railhawks to the Vancouver Whitecaps.
Watson's relationship with Yallop is more intriguing, however. After showing an initial interest in bringing in Watson to LA Galaxy and then offering him a deal at San Jose Earthquakes, they finally linked up at Chicago last season.
"At Richmond, we played LA Galaxy in the Open Cup and Frank was coach at the time. He liked the way I played and his right-back got injured and was looking for me to fill in that role but it didn't quite work out," Watson says.
"But we kept in touch and while I was at Carolina he got me a trial at San Jose. My wife was pregnant with our first child and they offered me a $45,000 deal. And just to live in San Jose is expensive and we didn't know what we needed to survive. I just couldn't afford to take the risk.
"But when Frank moved to Chicago we managed to link together then."
Of Yallop's dismissal at Chicago, Watson says: "Frank was a great guy - I love him as a person. I appreciate the fact that he brought me here as I wasn't playing so much in Vancouver. But the team wasn't playing so well and it was time to move on. It's a results-based job."
Watson is happily settled with his wife and three children in Chicago - the "brutal" winters aside - but if he were to move again to another city, he would be happy to continue his North American "adventure".
"We've moved so many times that we're accustomed to it and it's exciting in a way as North America is such a huge place. It's nice to get a fresh place to live and fortunately my wife doesn't have to work so it's not that difficult.
"In MLS they take care of all your moving expenses and pack everything for you. When I was in NASL I was driving U-Hauls around which is a lot more difficult.
"We didn't enjoy [moving around] at first but we came to enjoy it. It became an adventure."
He adds: "I don't think I'm ever going to go back to England. I go back every now and then to see my parents but they're retired now and spend a lot of time in Spain. My sister is the only one of my family there.
"America is such a big country and there's so much going on and the people in my experience are a lot more positive and are willing to give you a shot. Everyone loves the American dream story."
In many ways, Watson, a diehard Arsenal fan, has already fulfilled his dream.
"I found myself on the same field with Thierry Henry and that was the most surreal moment of my life," he says.
"To be standing next to him I couldn't believe it as I watched him on TV for years and years. I ran up to him and shook his hand and said, 'You're my hero'."
The Real Anita Hill is a controversial 1993 book written by David Brock in which the author claimed to reveal the "true motives" of Anita Hill, who had accused Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment during his 1991 confirmation hearings.
Background [ edit ]
In March 1992, Brock had authored a sharply critical story about Hill in The American Spectator magazine which became the nucleus of the book, The Real Anita Hill.[1] It was positively reviewed by several people, including George Will in Newsweek, Jonathan Groner, then-associate editor of Legal Times, in The Washington Post ("a serious work of investigative journalism"), and by Christopher Lehmann-Haupt of The New York Times ("carefully reasoned and powerful in its logic"). Excerpts were also printed in the Wall Street Journal. It was negatively reviewed by Jane Mayer and Jill Abramson in The New Yorker, Anna Quindlen in the New York Times, Dierdre English in The Nation, and Anthony Lewis in the New York Times, as well as Molly Ivins, and Ellen Goodman.[2]
Legacy [ edit ]
Brock now describes the book as a "character assassination" and has since "disavowed its premise".[3] He has also apologized to Hill. In his subsequent book, Blinded by the Right, Brock characterized himself as having been "a witting cog in the Republican sleaze machine."[4]
(By Jonathan Newton / The Washington Post)
I know you don't want to read any more transcripts of Tony Kornheiser and Michael Wilbon talking about Bryce Harper, but think of it like the 150-pound wheels of affordable Wisconsin cheddar you see at Whole Foods. Selling lots of cheap, flavorless orange stuff allows one to spend more time cultivating the superior high-end aged California goat cheeses that only the discerning customers will actually buy. In this case, represented by an item about a Maryland women's basketball player that absolutely none of you read.
Monday afternoon, Bryce Harper threw out Alex Presley trying to stretch a routine single into a double. I'm gonna turn things over to Chelsea Janes:
“I came up slow on that on purpose, just to see if he'd round the bag or something like that,” Harper said. “That's something I want to play this year, something I really want to do this year. Coming up on the ball to try to take the extra bag, hopefully have a good throw to second base to get em out.” Nationals Manager Matt Williams was not pleased with the play, whether or not it was planned. “I thought he shouldn't have even attempted to go to second,” Williams said. “[Harper] needs to get to that ball quicker, then the guy doesn't even go. It's a good throw, but if he pounces on that baseball, he doesn't attempt to go.” Neither Williams nor Harper was agitated in his answer, though Williams was firm in his stance: if you try to bait the runner and make a throw, that throw will not always be perfect.
I hardly even noticed this, but it became a bit of a thing. “Bryce Harper ticks off his manager with sneaky play,” For The Win wrote. “Bryce Harper throws out runner, draws ire of his manager,” Big League Stew wrote. “Bryce Harper ticks off Matt Williams again for not running hard,” Sporting News wrote. And so on.
And so Tuesday afternoon — while I was in my boss's office for the 473rd meeting about “The Man Cave” — I noticed Tony Kornheiser and Michael Wilbon doing a Who Ya Got? a bit between Harper and Williams.
“You know who I'm with. I'm with Matt Williams,” Wilbon said. “If the throw was an inch off, the guy is safe and in scoring position. No, no, no, no, no, no. And by the way, trying to sucker an opponent, that's part of sports, and you can do that a couple times a YEAR. There are hitters who have admitted to striking out early in a game to get a pitcher to THINK they can put that pitch by them, so in the seventh inning they hit one out. It's strategy. But you're going to do this, Harper says, like all the time? No, no. You can't do that.
Kornheiser then pointed out that he had sided with Harper last April when Williams benched him for lack of hustle.
“In this case, I'm 1,000 percent with Matt Williams,” Kornheiser said. “I mean, you can't do this. This is not the way it works.”
“It's like an excuse,” Wilbon said. “He forgot about [getting to the ball quickly], and it came up conveniently.”
“Get on the ball,” Kornheiser said. “The manager's 100 percent right. It's a show-off move. That's who he is, he's in love with himself, okay?”
(If you just died from irony, you're under no obligation to keep reading. Stay dead.)
“Look, here's the thing,” Wilbon said. “The Nationals think, they believe and they tell everybody the moment the sun comes up that they're going to win a championship.”
“Where's my ring?” Kornheiser asked. “Where's my ring?
“They tried this a couple years ago, and that move wasn't good,” Wilbon said. “This guy [Harper] has all the talent in the world. He's got the charisma. He's a guy who can say ‘follow me' to a team, and they will follow him. But you don't want them following him into a lazy play throwing to second base late. You can't do that.”
“It's hard for me to say this: I'm with the manager,” Kornheiser agreed.
Tune in next time, when Michael Wilbon and Tony Kornheiser say the exact same thing.
"Butse Kik" (also spelled as "Butsikik", "Buchikik" or "Abuchikik") is a novelty song by Antonio Trillanes and Willie Revillame that is widely regarded as one of his hits in the Philippines, becoming a radio staple.[1] The song title was originally released by Yoyoy Villame as "Vietcong Palagdas" performed by Villame with the Embees and the MB Rondalla Band through Kinampay Records.[2]
The song consists of gibberish nonsense-lyrics that sound somewhat like Chinese. Some of the Chinese community in Cebu demanded that it be removed from jukeboxes but according to Villame, a plan to bring the case to court failed because the complainants could not find a single Chinese word in the song.[1] The music and the concept itself is a parody of the song "Baby Cakes" by the African-American singer Dee Dee Sharp, released in 1962. "Butse Kik" ("buche cake") is a play on the title "Baby Cakes". In Filipino cuisine, "butse", "buche" "butsi" or "buchi" is a deep fried pastry made of sticky rice flour with sweet red beans filling. Most likely, it was derived from the French delicacy known as bûche cakes, which are traditional desserts shaped like miniature logs made of sponge cake. "Wowza" , according to Villame when the issue was not approved.
References [ edit ]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Scottish environment minister wants to end the dominance of large, traditional sporting estates
MSPs will fail the people of Scotland if they do not reduce the dominance of large, traditional sporting estates, according to the Scottish environment minister.
Paul Wheelhouse told BBC Scotland he believes the country needs a fairer distribution of land.
He said the Scottish Parliament was "on a journey" towards radical reform.
He said: "I doubt anyone would design a system where you ended up with only 432 people owning half the private land."
He added: "I wouldn't design a system where you ended up with such a concentration of wealth and ownership in such a small group."
But major landowners have defended their record, arguing their contribution to the economy of rural Scotland is ignored by politically-motivated land reform campaigners.
It may not be fair, but is it fair that your wife may be prettier than mine? That you win the lottery when I don't? John Mackenzie, landowner
Douglas McAdam, chief executive of Scottish Land and Estates, said: "A recent survey of a cross-section of our membership revealed their combined investment plans in rural development projects are in excess of £820m. Our very conservative estimate is that across the membership, that figure would be well in excess of £1bn.
"We will continue to put forward progressive proposals to government on land reform that will make a difference to Scottish rural life, rather than focus on out-of-date arguments."
The issue of land reform in Scotland is explored in a television documentary to be broadcast on BBC1 Scotland on Wednesday night.
John Mackenzie, from Gairloch, owns 53,000 acres in the Highlands. In the programme he is asked whether he believes the concentration of land ownership in Scotland is "fair".
He replied: "It may not be fair, but is it fair that your wife may be prettier than mine? That you win the lottery when I don't? It's a concern stirred up, as far as I can see by those with axes to grind."
Another big landowner warns that any move to break up sporting estates would threaten the rural economy which, he says, relies on landowners with "deep pockets".
Image caption Major landowners say they make a substantial contribution to the economy of rural Scotland
Community aspirations
Christopher Moran, of the Cabrach and Glenfiddich Estate, told the programme: "The sort of investment that's necessary to bring about sustainable regeneration is substantial.
"If you end up splitting estates like this, where is that type of investment going to come from?"
But Paul Wheelhouse has insisted change is needed. He is due to receive a report from the Scottish government's Land Reform Review Group in April.
"My party genuinely believes that there should be a fair distribution of land," he said. "Communities should have access to land to fulfil their aspirations."
He added: "I think if we don't see a fairer distribution of land, then we in parliament will have failed the people of Scotland."
BBC Scotland Investigates: The Men Who Own Scotland will be broadcast at 2235 on BBC1 Scotland and will be available on the BBC iPlayer.
This is a reconstructed visual of dengue virus serotype 3 bound with antigen-binding fragments of super-potent antibody 5J7. Image courtesy of Guntur Fibriansah.
A new Duke-NUS-led study has identified a super-potent antibody which requires a minute amount to neutralize the dengue virus. The study, published online Feb. 20 in the journal Nature Communications, showed how a newly identified antibody 5J7, is highly effective in killing dengue virus whereby only 10-9 g of antibody is needed to stop the infection of dengue serotype 3 virus (DENV-3). This new finding gives hope for the development of effective dengue treatments.
Over the last 50 years, the incidence of dengue virus has increased by 30 times worldwide. The virus causes fever, rashes and joint pain and in severe cases, bleeding and shock. It is estimated to be endemic in 100 countries and is a huge burden on healthcare systems. However, till now, there is no licensed dengue vaccine or therapeutic agent due to the presence of four circulating virus serotypes (DENV1-4) complicating their development.
Senior author and associate professor Shee Mei Lok from Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School Singapore (Duke-NUS) focuses her research on understanding the pathology and structure of the dengue virus to develop effective therapeutics. Her lab has already discovered antibodies that are effective against DENV-1. Her strategy to develop a safe therapeutic is to combine four antibodies that each bind and potently inhibit infection of each of the dengue virus serotypes.
In this recent study, researchers isolated 5J7 from 200 different candidate antibody molecules by studying blood samples from a dengue infected patient. By examining the virus-antibody complex structure at very high magnification, they showed that each arm of the antibody is surprisingly effective in grabbing three surface proteins on the surface of the virus at the same time. In addition, the sites on the virus where the antibody was bound were critical for the virus to invade cells.
"This kind of binding with the virus has never been observed and it explains why the antibody itself is so highly potent." says Lok, who is from the Emerging Infectious Diseases Program at Duke-NUS. "The movement of virus surface proteins is highly essential for invading cells - you can think of antibody 5J7 locking the virus surface proteins, thus strapping the virus."
While antibody 5J7 has been found to be effective against DENV-3, the remaining two serotypes of dengue virus (DENV-2 and DENV-4) have to be considered. When a patient is infected by one serotype - this stimulates the production of a variety of antibodies that kills that serotype and that patient will have life-time immunity towards that particular serotype. However, in this process, the patient will also produce antibodies that will bind the other three if they are infected by them. This may enhance their secondary infection and cause the development of a more severe form of the disease.
"We need to test the efficacy in mouse models first and then move to clinical trials," says Lok about the next step after this promising finding. "We are optimistic that we will make a treatment breakthrough within these few years but antibodies against all the other serotypes have to be identified first."
This study is a collaboration between first author research fellow Guntur Fibriansah and researchers from Duke-NUS, the University of North Carolina and Vanderbilt University.
Source: Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School Singapore
436.779 Events  5.496 Titles  30.138 Profiles  10.170 Teams & Stables not logged in (Login or Register)
Encounters of Wrestlers
In this section you can see statistics and match listings of selected wrestlers, who fought in the same match, either as partners or opponents. You can combine two, three or four out of 35.813 wrestlers. Please note that you can only combine wrestlers who fought with or against each other. Initial letter (W1) Initial letter of wrestler #1 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ? A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z It is necessary to select at least two wrestlers, otherwise no statistics and match listings can be calculated.
The Case AGAINST Mass Immigration and the Case FOR Nationalism
We have always done it right in the United States. We have worked, we have learned, we have built ourselves into a superpower.
So our punishment is to house millions of individuals who are in no way, shape, or form, worthy of our kindness – they are simply impoverished.
Many assert a falsehood that mass immigration into the U.S. will aid in the fight to reduce world poverty, and this is a lie – it is simply a mistruth we tell ourselves to feel good.
Every year, on average, the U.S. brings in around 1 million immigrants. We have been doing this since 1990.
The big question we must ask ourselves is: what individuals deserve our kindness? A wonderful video breaks down a lot of the primary numbers that are relevant when we look at this issue.
According to the Numbers USA video above – the World Bank says that the desperately poor in our world make less than $2.00 per day. There are over 3 billion people in this world who make less than $2.00 per day. Africa accounts for 650 million, India accounts for 890 million, China accounts for 480 million, and the rest of Asia accounts for 810 million, and Latin American accounts for 105 million. These numbers are staggering and equally impossible for a single nation like the U.S. to make any impact on.
The funny thing about our 1 million immigrants per year statistic is that we don't pull our immigrants from the desperately poor populations, we pull them from countries like Mexico, which is the epitome of the “better off” poor. Mexico is horribly poor, but they are also in a position where they can immigrate and adapt to the world around them when they do. Others are not so fortunate.
Almost 5.6 billion people live in impoverished states that are worse off than Mexico, and yet we bring Mexicans into our country. Mexicans are in a better position to fix their country than most, and yet we allow their best and brightest minds to come into our country rather than reform their own.
Our globalist elites – Obama, the Clinton's, Warren, Schumer, Pelosi, the Bush family, Soros, neocons and liberals – they promote the idea that those 1 million immigrants that we take in are part of an effort to tackle world poverty. It is not. We are taking in people who are hindering our ability to help those in our nation who are poor, who are vulnerable, who are living third world lives within our first world country.
In truth, we are harming these impoverished individuals overall. The 1 million immigrants we take in are of the better educated, the most motivated, the ablest and willing to immigrate, and these are the potential difference makers, the individuals who could improve the lives of those in their countries of origin. The real difference makers in the global humanitarian effort are the people who stick around and help their countrymen.
Last month, JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU) gave its clearest indication yet that the future of its Embraer (NYSE:ERJ) E190 fleet is in doubt. JetBlue's new CFO, Steve Priest, has ordered a thorough fleet review that includes deciding whether there is still a place for the E190 at JetBlue.
Early retirement of the E190 fleet is a very likely outcome of this review. JetBlue's E190s have been expensive to maintain almost from day one, and maintenance costs will only rise as the planes age. However, Embraer still has a good chance to keep JetBlue's business, by upgrading the carrier's E190 fleet to its next-generation E2-series jets.
The E190 fleet isn't built to last
While the E190 jet was quite popular in its first few years on the market, it has fallen out of favor in recent years. American Airlines, the only other major E190 operator in the U.S., has already announced plans to retire its last E190s by the end of 2019, even though those planes are currently less than 10 years old on average.
American Airlines says it has accelerated the retirement of its Embraer fleet due to expensive maintenance checks that are coming up. JetBlue has had just as much trouble with its E190 maintenance costs, with the engines being particularly problematic.
For the time being, JetBlue is more or less locked into its Embraer fleet. Half of its E190s are on long-term leases that expire between 2023 and 2025. The other half are owned, giving JetBlue more flexibility. Still, JetBlue just signed a five-year maintenance agreement for its E190 fleet a few months ago, indicating that it's not planning any big changes in the near future.
On the other hand, it seems equally unlikely that JetBlue will keep its E190s until they reach the standard retirement age of 25 in the mid-2030s. JetBlue says that unit costs for its E190s are about 20% higher than for its A320 fleet, adjusted for stage length (the distance covered by an average trip). That gap will only widen over time as JetBlue adds seats to its A320s and as the E190s age, requiring even more maintenance work.
But Embraer's next-generation jets look like a good solution
While JetBlue isn't satisfied with the performance of its E190 fleet, it operates numerous high-frequency, short-haul routes -- primarily in the Northeast -- that are ideally suited for a plane of that size. Some of those routes are among the company's most profitable. Thus, returning to a single fleet type of Airbus planes is not a very realistic option.
By contrast, Embraer's upgraded E-Jets, which are scheduled for delivery to customers beginning in 2018, could be a very good replacement option.
Embraer has stated that its E2-series jets will offer double-digit maintenance cost savings over their first-generation counterparts, along with higher reliability. Furthermore, the E190-E2 will use 16% less fuel per seat than the E190. The larger E195-E2 will be even better, burning 24% less fuel per seat than the E195 (which itself is slightly more fuel-efficient than the E190).
If Embraer's E2-series jets meet expectations, then the current 20% unit cost disadvantage relative to the A320 will shrink dramatically. The E195-E2 would offer a particularly good balance of small size (keeping trip costs low) and low unit costs.
The stakes are high for Embraer
JetBlue has been one of Embraer's biggest customers over the past 12 years, but it hasn't added any E190s to its fleet since 2013. It has another 24 E190s on order, scheduled for delivery between 2020 and 2022. However, if anything, JetBlue is likely to convert those orders to the E190-E2. It wouldn't make sense to buy more first-generation E190s at that point.
For Embraer, it is critically important to make sure that JetBlue follows through with those orders. (And ideally, that it replaces its entire E190 fleet!) While the E2-series jets look good on paper, they have sold slowly so far. Of the 275 firm orders on the books, less than half seem solid based on current industry conditions. A JetBlue deal would give Embraer's order book a big lift.
Embraer is relatively well positioned to win JetBlue's business. For example, it can apply any deposits from JetBlue's current E190 order to a future E2 order and it could offer to buy back JetBlue's 30 owned E190s to facilitate a deal. Those planes could either be resold to other E-Jet operators or stripped for parts to support Embraer's services business.
JetBlue certainly may be wary of doubling down on Embraer jets due to its disappointing experience with the E190. But with the right combination of pricing and performance guarantees, Embraer could still snatch victory from the jaws of defeat.
23 million Americans watched their team lose to Belgium 2-1 in the 2014 Fifa World Cup
Soccer is still far enough below the radar in the United States for Robbie Keane to lead a relatively normal life in his adopted city of Los Angeles.
Intending to watch the US take on Belgium in the last 16 of the Fifa World Cup, the Republic of Ireland international was able to head into town with Los Angeles Galaxy technical director Jovan Kirovski in virtual anonymity.
The scene that confronted the former Wolves, Coventry, Leeds, Tottenham and Liverpool forward was a big surprise.
Media playback is not supported on this device World Cup 2014: Belgium 2-1 USA (aet) highlights
"The place was absolutely packed," says Keane, 34, who has been in California for almost three years, playing for Major League Soccer (MLS) side LA Galaxy.
"Jovan played 62 times for the United States. He said he had never seen anything like it and the difference to the previous World Cup was incredible. The whole country got hooked."
Despite a 2-1 defeat in extra time, US President Barack Obama was sufficiently impressed to make a telephone call to goalkeeper Tim Howard and skipper Clint Dempsey.
That personal message of congratulations from one of the most powerful men in the world could prove to be as significant as anything that happened on the pitch in Brazil.
The conversation may have lasted only 123 seconds, but soccer had been given a big thumbs-up by the White House.
Media playback is not supported on this device President Obama: "What you guys accomplished is really, really significant"
That such a call would ever take place was pretty implausible a decade ago.
In 2003, the Giants Stadium announcer could not even get the name of England's most celebrated player correct, introducing "Sir Bobby Carlton" to the 79,000 supporters at the pre-season friendly between Manchester United and Juventus.
It drew sniggers from the English contingent in the press box, as did the random bursts of applause for goal-kicks and successful offside traps that raised heads in the media area from seasoned hacks who thought they were missing something.
In hindsight, it should not have been such a shock.
An education process was under way, one that had begun back in 1994, when the States hosted the World Cup for the one and so far only time in the tournament's history.
That process was aimed at securing soccer's place in American sporting culture on a permanent basis, rather than the fleeting joy of the defunct North American Soccer League, which brought Pele, Franz Beckenbauer and George Best to the country and spawned the New York Cosmos.
The average attendance at the 1994 World Cup was nearly 69,000, a record which still stands today
As recently as 2000, MLS was still using penalty shootouts to decide matches, so concerned was the fledgling league at the potential reaction to a drawn game - almost an abomination in sports like basketball, baseball, ice hockey and American football.
"When our league was founded, we wanted to appease everyone and get everyone to understand," says Galaxy president Chris Klein.
Not any more, he says.
"This is the world sport, the best game there is," adds Klein.
"I am quite confident that, if we continue to do it the right way, we have enough soccer fans in this country to make it wildly successful."
With Manchester United due to take on Keane's Galaxy in the first of four pre-season games on Wednesday, soccer faces another test of its popularity and staying power in the States.
Chris Klein (centre) spent 13 seasons in the MLS before becoming the president of LA Galaxy in 2013
Will the fans who took to the streets in their thousands to watch Jurgen Klinsmann's team take on Ghana, Portugal, Germany and Belgium show interest in United and other top European teams who have made the trip to the States - the likes of Real Madrid, Roma and Liverpool?
Who knows, but the evidence that soccer is beginning to permeate American society in a major way is compelling.
Schoolchildren in a 17,000-plus crowd at the StubHub Centre for LA Galaxy's midweek victory over New England Revolution are as likely to have pictures of their club's own World Cup hero, Omar Gonzalez, on their wall as they are any of the other sporting stars in this vast city.
Media playback is not supported on this device The BBC talks to football fans about how the US has embraced the World Cup - and how US soccer culture still differs to that in other countries
"It is quite hard for a kid here to get hooked on one sport because there is so much going on," said Keane.
"But certainly football has grown, even in the short time I have been here."
That said, all 32 National Football League teams have average attendances of more than 50,000, with Dallas Cowboys' 88,043 the highest and Oakland Raiders' 50,444 the lowest. MLS side Seattle Sounders average 44,038.
When Manchester United last visited the US in 2011, barriers had to be erected to allow players uninterrupted passage to the team hotel in Seattle as autograph hunters queued up almost 24/7.
On Friday, when they arrived in Los Angeles, United's security team was assisted by police officers in keeping scores of fans in check as manager Louis van Gaal and his players disembarked from the team bus.
It is not comparable with the manic scenes that accompany them on visits to Asia but is a marked difference to 2003, when United came to LA and could wander the streets with barely a second glance.
Back then, only the uniformity of their tracksuits triggered any sort of superficial interest.
Fifty-seven thousand, mostly Mexicans, turned up to watch Sir Alex Ferguson's side defeat Club America at the Coliseum, a stadium that held 92,000. A taxi driver had to be told what sport the team based there played.
Hundreds of fans lined the streets to welcome United's arrival in LA last week
What about viewing figures?
Just over 26 million watched Germany overcome Argentina in the World Cup final, the most-watched soccer game in US history.
Only three million fewer watched US lose to Belgium.
Looking ahead, it is clear that soccer is only going to get bigger audiences in the States.
Fox Sports and Telemundo have paid £600m for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, ESPN, Fox Sports and Univision Deportes have spent £420m for MLS coverage to 2022, while NBC has handed over £146m for the rights to the English Premier League.
Even the sceptics concede soccer is on a roll.
"The World Cup energised the soccer base in the US," said Jim Peltz, a sports reporter for the Los Angeles Times. "It got them excited.
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: USA 2-2 Portugal
"But will soccer ever become mainstream? Probably not.
"The truth is, a lot of people find soccer way too boring. We are used to seeing a lot of scores and home runs.
"The World Cup might convert a few people, but in terms of becoming as popular as baseball, basketball or [American] football, that is highly unlikely."
Peltz's view is underlined by the complete absence of any soccer coverage, beyond a couple of fixtures in the TV schedules, in his newspaper's six-page sports supplement on the day Manchester United landed for the start of their pre-season tour.
Is that a problem, though?
Peltz is a journalist, not a marketeer. His own research suggests the 'soccer base' numbers around 50 million.
That is less than a sixth of the US population. But it is also not far off the combined populations of Argentina, Netherlands and Uruguay, who between them have played in nine World Cup finals.
The US view of football has changed since Manchester United and Juventus visited New York in 2003
"We don't need to be the NFL, MLB or NBA," said Klein. "It doesn't matter. Our country is big enough. We just need to be ourselves."
At Barney's Beanery diner in West Hollywood, replays of golf's Open Championship, plus coverage of Nascar and baseball were the order of the day on the 57 screens across an establishment noted for its comprehensive sports coverage.
It may have been a quiet Friday, but staff there have still not got over the excitement generated by the World Cup.
Whenever the US were in action and when Germany faced Argentina in the final, it was standing room only, with every available table squeezed to capacity.
There was so little room, the serving staff were only able to stand in one space and dispense food in a pass-the-parcel style.
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: Ghana 1-2 USA
Enthusiasm was so great at one point that a customer leapt high enough to crack his head on the ceiling and required medical attention.
"I have never experienced anything like it," said one waitress. "We have all the big games on in all the sports. Nothing compared to the World Cup."
The diner opened early - at 9am - for the first game of the day and welcomed fans even earlier whenever the US were playing.
It also got into the swing of things by taking Belgian beer off the menu the day the US played Belgium.
"There was far more positive energy around the World Cup," said AJ Sacher, Barney's Beanery director of operations.
"For our traditional sports, there is a negativity that comes from watching, purely because you want someone to lose. That didn't happen with the World Cup.
"We expected to have plenty of people in to watch the US, Mexico, England and Brazil. But when Iran played, it was as if the Iranian community came out to support their team."
Some parts of the US came to a standstill as fans watched the World Cup match against Germany
MLS does not generate the same degree of excitement or coverage as the World Cup. Indeed, the Champions League is next on the list of "must-see soccer watches," according to Sacher.
For their next international fix, fans must wait for next year's Concacaf Gold Cup, which will feature teams from the Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football.
Then, in 2016, there is an event to celebrate 100 years of the South American Confederation, featuring all 10 South American teams, plus six from Central and North America.
It will be the most significant football tournament hosted by the US since it staged the Fifa World Cup in 1994.
Henry, Defoe, Cahill and Keane are amongst many international stars now playing in the MLS
In the meantime, the MLS boasts players of the calibre of Thierry Henry and will soon add David Villa and Kaka to a growing list of international stars.
Liam Ridgewell does not bring the same stardust. But the journeyman Premier League defender's arrival from West Brom at the age of 29 hints at a raising of the standard too.
"Of course there is the attraction of living in America," said Keane. "People actually want to live here.
"Big players want to come over. But not-so-big players want to come over as well."
Keane has no intention of going home. For a start, the March to October season allowed him to spend Christmas at home for the first time in 17 years.
However, with his enthusiasm comes a warning; yet more confirmation that life in the MLS should not be viewed as a retirement home.
"If players think they are coming for a holiday, they are coming to the wrong place," he said.
"The American players are so enthusiastic about how strong this league is.
"The last thing they want are European players coming over and thinking they are coming for a jolly.
"In the next five to 10 years, the MLS could be absolutely massive. I am excited to be part of that."
SoniCast Brings Google Cast to Hotels
People who are traveling can often find themselves at a loss for what to do at night. Do they go exploring the city, or watch something on TV? Often the TV in hotels are not very good, providing only a handful of channels and no access to apps like Netflix or Hulu. There's a huge lack of choice.
There are very few options. People are not able to bring their own devices like a ChromeCast to the hotel room. In order to use the Wi-Fi, visitors must go through a captive portal and enter authentication credentials, which does are not supported on ChromeCasts or Android TVs. These restrictions have made media watching increasingly more frustrating when people are used to the easy of casting media.
The company SONIFI Solutions has come up with a solution. SoniCast takes Google Cast and adds on additional layers of security.
SONIFI's patent-pending technology ensures guests can only cast to the TV in their own room, guest mobile devices are automatically disconnected at checkout, and security features deter theft and tampering to ensure a positive guest experience.
SoniCast uses less energy and is cheaper to implement than a set-top box and keyboard, leveraging the devices and authentication credentials the user already has to save money.
SONIFI is also working with companies to create a digital locker system, in which renting on-demand content gives digital ownership as well. Quick access to payment information and renting can be done through custom branded apps that SONIFI will provide to hotel chains.
SoniCast is a great system for consumers because it enables cast functionality in their TVs while isolating cast discovery to just a single room, which should provide the ideal casting experience for hotel guests. It currently is only present in about a dozen US hotels, but with this announcement, hopefully hotel owners will start to request demos and integrate this technology.
Nick Felker is a student Electrical & Computer Engineering student at Rowan University (C/O 2017) and the student IEEE webmaster. When he's not studying, he is a software developer for the web and Android (Felker Tech). He has several open source projects on GitHub (http://github.com/fleker) Devices: Moto G-2013 Moto G-2015, Moto 360, Google ADT-1, Nexus 7-2013 (x2), Lenovo Laptop, Custom Desktop. Although he was an intern at Google, the content of this blog is entirely independent and his own thoughts. More Posts - Website Follow Me:
VANCOUVER – The surprising electoral loss of British Columbia's New Democrats this week should not trigger a leadership race, the party's president said Thursday as Leader Adrian Dix remained behind closed doors.
Moe Sihota said there were many factors in the electoral upset that saw the heavily favoured New Democrats lose ground in the legislature to the incumbent Liberals, and a “revolving door” on the leader's office is not the solution.
“I think it's fair to say that neither us nor the Liberals really expected the result that transpired,” Sihota said.
The former New Democrat cabinet minister said there have not been calls within the party for Dix to step down as leader. It was a team effort, and the entire team will be looking at the campaign, he said.
“We don't have an 801 Club in the party,” he said, referring to media reports in the days prior to the election, when the Liberal were trailing in polls, that a small contingent of Liberals planned to call for Clark's resignation at 8:01 p.m. on election night — one minute after the party lost the election.
“I think that the challenges that we face are deeper and different, and we need to reflect on the totality of those.
“It's not simply a matter of saying let's replace the leader and away you go.”
Two years ago Dix took the helm after Carole James was pushed out in a party revolt.
Despite an expensive 28-day election campaign, NDP coffers could accommodate a leadership race but that is not what is needed, Sihota said.
A variety of factors were in play in the vote Tuesday, Sihota said, including complacency among party supporters.
“People just thought we were going to win and didn't come out and vote,” Sihota said. “And, to a lesser degree, I think the split with the Greens was a variable. But, again, more than anything else, I think both us and the Liberals underestimated the potency of the argument of fear.”
The New Democrats were reduced to 33 seats, from the 36 they held before the campaign began. The Liberal gained five seats, to hold 50 or the 85 ridings in B.C.
There has been speculation that Dix's decision to oppose Kinder Morgan's proposed expansion of its existing Trans Mountain pipeline, in addition to opposing the proposed Northern Gateway pipeline, alienated working-class voters.
But Sihota said the New Democrats have dealt for decades with the challenge of representing both green- and blue-collar supporters.
“All of the empirical evidence — in terms of polling data, in terms of what you were hearing from candidates, in terms of what you were hearing from campaign managers, in terms of what you were hearing from voters on the doorsteps — suggested that it did not displace our lead in the polls,” he said.
George Heyman, a newly minted New Democrat MLA who has served as executive director of the Sierra Club BC and president of the B.C. Government and Service Employees' Union, said he doesn't believe labour supporters stayed home on election day.
And he said Dix has his support to remain as leader.
“I did leave him a voice mail in which I told him how proud I was of the campaign he ran, the positive campaign, and the very clear policies that he put forward that I thought could be a great benefit to British Columbians,” Heyman said.
“I'm looking forward to working with him.”
Just what did cause the lead in the polls to disappear in the ballot box is a question that red-faced pollsters, politicians and pundits alike are struggling to comprehend.
The “perplexing” truth is that the negative campaign of the Liberals was more effective than the positive campaign of the New Democrats, Sihota said.
“We definitely embarked upon a non-conventional approach to politics and it didn't yield the result that we expected, and yet everything was telling you that it was — until election day.”
Nine people arrested during protests at the Muskrat Falls site in Labrador were released with conditions Monday.
The six women and three men are charged with disobeying a court order to leave the site, where they were protesting the planned reservoir flooding at the hydroelectric project.
While the protesters have been ordered to stay clear of the entrance to the worksite, they are allowed to be on the other side of the road.
Nalcor said in a news release Monday afternoon it can begin raising water levels in the Churchill River above Muskrat Falls at any time, first to 25 metres and than to 39 metres by 2019.
RCMP arrested eight protesters Monday morning at the Muskrat Falls hydroelectric site in Labrador. The protesters had been at Muskrat Falls since Saturday. They have been served with an injunction. 1:26
"In the absence of creating the upstream reservoir and controlling the river, the downstream ice will form and dam as it has historically occurred," wrote Gilbert Bennett, executive vice-president of power development for the Lower Churchill project.
Controlling the flow of the river, he said, will stabilize conditions downstream of the spillway. "This will prevent damage to the facility from flooding and ice creation."
Protesters are on the side of the Trans Labrador Highway across from Muskrat's main gate because they say the RCMP have told them gathering there is OK. (Katie Breen/CBC)
The protests started over the weekend, as people made a final effort to prevent Nalcor from flooding the reservoir, which some fear could lead to methylmercury poisoning in humans and wildlife.
Work was back to normal at the Muskrat Falls project as of Monday morning, with buses bringing workers onto the site.
"The protection of human health remains our government's utmost priority," said Perry Trimper, the minister of environment, in a news release.
He said Nalcor will set up its water monitoring program as flooding begins.
In the meantime, government is putting together an independent expert advisory committee to discuss clearing of vegetation from the reservoir. Representatives from Indigenous groups in Labrador are being invited to be a part of that process.
Not giving up
"I believe there is still time to make things right," said Todd Russell, president of NunatuKavut Community Council, at a news conference late Monday morning.
Todd Russell, the president of NunatuKavut Community Council, said Monday he would support protesters at the Muskrat Falls site, and dismissed a court injunction against the protests. 0:24
Russell said there is no way to stop people from protesting and exercising their right to speak and assemble.
"We condemn the recent arrests which shows again the heavy handed tactics of Nalcor," he said.
I believe there is still time to make things right. - Todd Russell
"In this country people are allowed to speak, people are allowed to protest, people are allowed to be on their traditional land."
Protesters also gathered at the Confederation Building in St. John's Monday morning to show their solidarity with those protesting in Labrador.
Protesting at local offices
About 20 people gathered at the Labrador Aboriginal Affairs office in Happy Valley-Goose Bay Monday morning as well. The building was closed for the day around 11:30 a.m.
About 20 people gathered at the Labrador and Aboriginal Affairs Office in Happy Valley-Goose Bay early Monday morning. (Katie Breen/CBC)
According to the injunction, protesters don't have to go on site to get arrested. It also states that encouraging or aiding the protest is a criminal offence.
Protesters have asked that the document be translated into Inuktitut and Innu-aimun. They also want a translator to come to the site to explain the situation in those languages.
Arkansas soon could see a lawsuit from the American Civil Liberties Union challenging the state ban on brutal dismemberment abortions, according to Newsweek.
The state branch of the pro-abortion legal group said it plans to sue “as soon as practically possible” to stop the law from going into effect. Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson signed the law, the Arkansas Unborn Child Protection From Dismemberment Abortion Act, at the end of January.
The legislation prohibits dismemberment abortions, a common second-trimester abortion procedure. Exceptions would be allowed in rare cases where there is a serious risk to the woman's health, KFSM News 5 reports. Doctors who violate the measure could be held liable; however, women would not be punished, the report states.
A dismemberment abortion typically is performed on a nearly fully-formed, living unborn baby in the second trimester. It is a barbaric and dangerous procedure in which the unborn child is ripped apart in the womb and pulled out in pieces.
Here's more from the report:
The ACLU plans to take legal action because “it is a ban on certain abortions performed pre-viability, which is unconstitutional, plain and simple,” Rita Klar, executive director of the ACLU of Arkansas, tells Newsweek. Under Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court's 1973 decision, a woman has a right to an abortion until roughly 22 weeks of pregnancy, when the foetus is considered viable outside the womb. Under the new law, Arkansas has made it much harder for women to obtain a second trimester abortion, which is a guaranteed right under Roe. The Arkansas law is another example of legislators in the state “just chipping away, making it harder for women, harder for the people who perform the service for women,” says Klar. The law is expected to go into effect in August.
The ACLU also claims the new law allows a husband to sue a doctor to stop his wife from having an abortion, even in cases of rape, but the liberal fact checker Snopes rated the claim as false.
Click here to sign up for pro-life news alerts from LifeNews.com
The Times Record reports more:
The law does allow the husband, parent or legal guardian of a woman who receives or attempts to receive a dilation-and-evacuation abortion to seek an injunction against “a person who has purposely violated” Act 45. “The injunction shall prevent the abortion provider from performing or attempting to perform further dismemberment abortion in violation of this subchapter,” the law states. [Gov.] Hutchinson spokesman J.R. Davis said that sentence means the injunction would bar the doctor from again violating Act 45, but it does not mean the husband, parent or guardian could prevent the initial violation.
However, the ACLU is holding fast to its claim, arguing that the language of the bill could be interpreted differently.
According to the Arkansas Department of Health, 683 of the 3,771 abortions performed in 2015 were D&E, or dismemberment abortions.
“Dismemberment abortion … [is a] gruesome, barbaric procedure. It is one that no civilized society should embrace,” said State Rep. Andy Mayberry, R-Hensley, in January.
Mayberry, the lead sponsor of the bill, said he hopes the bill will not be challenged, but if it is, he is “confident” it will withstand judicial scrutiny.
Gov. Hutchinson made a similar remark previously: “I have read the bill and it provides safeguards that are important, including an exception for circumstances that put the health of the mother in serious risk, and it assures that there is no penalty on the mother.”
The dismemberment abortion ban embodies model legislation from the National Right to Life Committee that would prohibit “dismemberment abortion,” using forceps, clamps, scissors or similar instruments on a living unborn baby to remove him or her from the womb in pieces. Such instruments are used in dilation and evacuation procedures.
Dismemberment abortion bans also have been voted into law in Kansas, Oklahoma, West Virginia, Mississippi, Alabama and Louisiana. Mississippi and West Virginia have their laws in effect, while the other states are battling legal challenges.
Anonymous GM: How do you pull it off? First, you talk it over with ownership. I analyzed the team and told them what I wanted to do, the guys I wanted to get rid of and the guys with future value whom we wanted to keep. We obviously traded away some of our veteran guys who gave us a better chance of winning right now for future draft picks and young players. The owners didn't want to tread water any more than I did. They'd rather go down to the bottom with the hope of coming up, so they signed off on it. It wasn't a fight at all. In a different season, it might not make sense, but this draft certainly makes it more appealing. Our coach understands that too. It's no secret what we're trying to do, and you can't lie to him anyway or you'll lose all trust. We never really had to tell him, because the handwriting is on the wall. He knows exactly what's going on, and he's good with it. What's hard is keeping it from the players. If you took a poll in all 30 locker rooms, regardless of how the roster looks, I bet they'd all say they are a playoff team. That's good, because you want them to play with effort and lose organically. You never tell the players not to try to win a game, but it's obvious that you're putting out a team that's just not good enough to win.
Quote We're making very good progress, but there are a few missing pieces before it's ready. It's important for us to have Linux support in time for the SteamOS launch.
It has been a long time coming, but it seems Insurgency will be with us within the next few months. The developer said it was important.They recently said this on reddit I tried it out a long time ago, and I personally thought it was awesome. We need more tactical FPS games on Linux, and there's a big drought of them. They are one of the most popular types of games around (CoD, Battlefield), and we need them to help our popularity in the long run.Take to the streets for intense close quarters combat, where a team's survival depends upon securing crucial strongholds and destroying enemy supply in this multiplayer and cooperative Source Engine based experience. The follow-up game to the award-winning Source mod, Insurgency is highly competitive and unforgivingly lethal, striking a balance between one-life gameplay and prolonged action.
I started out learning the basics of wiki code on the Wheel of Time wiki, but soon after starting there I completed reading all of the then published books Malazan books so I looked up this wiki and, um, it was a bit of a mess. It had been abandoned with about 140 content pages, quite a bit of which had incorrect information and it had a poor reputation at the Malazan Empire forums too (ask D'rek). Anyway I spent quite a bit of time redesigning the look and organising the pages. Some of the things I did was create most of the giganto category index that is still in use today, added almost all the rules, guides and templates including the quotation templates and quote of the day thing. Did you know that helm icon is scanned from my copy of Reaper's Gale? I didn't know how to photoshop before I made that with GIMP, it took me a while! I borrowed a lot of inspiration (and code) from Wookieepedia over the years so they get my first thanks, I still think it is one of the best designed wikis on Wikia. Eventually I burned out and abandoned with wiki to it's fate once more (not a proud moment). I had been toiling for months and not a single other contributor had turned up, it's hard to keep going under those conditions. That's why I think it is so great to see a good number of regular editors now and Egwene deserves a large amount of praise for encouraging interest in this wiki, both here and at the ME forums. Another person, sadly no longer contributing, is Game widow. She was a staff member at Wikia and, while her main focus was The Witcher, she picked up this wiki from where I had left it and contributed 8613 edits, a truly astonishing amount that was only recently exceeded by Egwene. Between them they have 57% of these wikis edits, amazing dedication! Anyway, after about a two year hiatus I started contributing again. I designed the chapters project and polished up the Gardens of the Moon page to get it good enough to feature on the main page (maybe Rake could be featured now). Thanks a lot to everyone who has helped with filling out the chapter pages, I knew I was biting off far more than I could chew by myself when I started that and it's great to see it moving along. I've done a lot for this wiki, I have over 2000 edits, but my dark secret is that I've hardly contributed anything to the content pages. I've wanted to do a lot more, but unfortunately it's always been really difficult to motivate myself to do it. So I really take my hat off to everyone out there that is putting fingers to keyboards and describing the Malazan universe, it is a giant task, but it is an effort that is appreciated by many. I expect this wiki will be around for a long time to come, constantly improving until it is truly worthy of the name "Encyclopaedia Malazica". I should point out that there have been two other Malazan wikis and that this one has faired the best. Hood's Balls, perhaps unsurprisingly, died a quick death (not even the Internet Archive has a copy of it) while the original Encyclodpeda Malazica (primarily it consists of quotes from the books and can be a good resource for earlier works) that I stole the name from is dormant, perhaps to never awaken again. For the last year I have been fairly inactive myself and unfortunately that seems unlikely to change, but I don't want to repeat my earlier mistake, of completely leaving, again. I will be in the background available to help anyone with problems they might have, especially technical problems. If someone wants a new template for example, I might be able to make one. I have been subscribed to the recent edits RSS feed for a while and I check it nearly every day and nearly every day there are at least 25 new edits (my readers display maximum is 25). It's great to know that this wiki is so active and I'd like to give a big thanks to everyone that has contributed, no single person could have done this. To everyone who is reading this who hasn't contributed before I would say don't be afraid to break things, it is simplicity itself to revert any damage that you might do, but everyone else will be richer for any well-intentioned edit that you do make. --Jade Raven (talk to me) 08:22, September 7, 2015 (UTC)
An average of all of NASA Aqua satellite's cloud observations between July 2002 and April 2015 can be seen in this image, where colors range from dark blue (no clouds) to white (lots of clouds).
"No more cloudy days," The Eagles promise to a new love interest in the 2006 song of the same name. Keeping that promise might require going off-planet.
As a new NASA image reveals, the Earth is a cloudy place. According to the space agency, clouds cover about 67 percent of the Earth's surface at any given time, and less than 10 percent of the skies over the ocean are sunny and blue. Now, more than a decade's worth of data from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Aqua satellite reveals where clouds gather and where skies tend to be clear.
The blue-and-white image averages daily cloud observations from the satellite between July 2002 and April 2015. It reveals a mostly hazy Earth with three especially cloudy zones.
These zones are linked to the global circulation patterns in Earth's atmosphere. According to NASA's Earth Observatory, in the mid-latitudes, polar air masses collide with Ferrel cells, which circulate air westward at high altitudes and eastward at the surface. These patterns cause air to rise around 60 degrees north and south of the equator, promoting the formation of clouds in these two zones. These same patterns push air downward between 15 degrees and 30 degrees from the equator, resulting in the cloud-free zones seen in desert areas such as Australia and northern Africa.
The third particularly cloudy zone is found over the equator, where circulation cells called Hadley cells dominate. In these zones, warm air rises and condenses, creating both clouds and storms, according to the Earth Observatory.
On the satellite image, these cloudy zones are seen in bright white; the bluer the region, the clearer the skies.
In addition to illuminating Earth's cloud cover, satellites have helped alter the very definition of clouds. In research presented in 2005at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union, atmospheric scientists argued that the old categories for clouds — cirrus, stratus and cumulus — are good enough for classifying clouds by their shape as seen from the ground, but fail to take into account factors such as texture and altitude of formation, which are more readily captured by satellite imagery.
Follow Stephanie Pappas on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on Live Science.
Following the Money: Amendment 71
This November Coloradans will not only vote for a new President, but we will also decide on several ballot measure questions. Many of these ballot measures deal with complex subjects that engender passionate debate and discussion. While disagreement is a necessary part of discourse, problems arise when one side of an issue has access to enormous financial resources and the opposition does not. As long as special interest groups can spend unlimited money in lieu of gaining real support from the people, our system will always favor the wealthiest side of an issue. At Cleanslatenow.org we are dedicated to creating a democracy that is free from the political inequities that plague a system financed by unlimited, untraceable money.
One way we can push back against these special interest groups is to follow the money being spent for or against these ballot measures. Our goal isn't to take sides, but to illuminate the unequal fundraising methods and potential motives behind some of the ballot measures.
First up is Amendment 71. This amendment would amend Colorado's constitution in order to, wait for it, make it more difficult to amend the constitution. Here's how- In Colorado one way we can amend our constitution is to collect roughly 98,000 signatures from registered voters over a 6 month period. If that is done successfully the ballot measure question is placed on the ballot for the people to decide. If a majority of voters (50% +1) vote yes, the amendment is adopted. Amendment 71 would make this process more difficult in two ways. First, it would require that 2% of the total signatures be collected from all 35 of the Colorado Senate Districts; secondly, it would require 55% of votes for an amendment to be successful (except when the vote is to repeal a part of the constitution).
There are certainly people who believe in this amendment. You may even be tempted to think there are huge amounts of people supporting it because the committee currently sending out supportive mailers has so far raised $28 million dollars. The truth is that wide-ranging public support is not why they were able to raise so much money. Who is really behind this effort? All you have to do is follow the money.
The committee with the big money supporting this amendment is called “Protecting Colorado's Environment, Economy, and Energy Independence”. Let's take a look at their top donors. These donors represent 92% of the $28 million raised. To see the source of these figures for yourself, visit the Colorado Secretary of State's page here.
Company Dollars Spent ANADARKO PETROLEUM CORP $10,665,235.00 NOBLE ENERGY INC $9,115,235.00 PDC ENERGY $1,756,000.00 WHITING OIL & GAS CORPORATION $1,550,000.00 BAYSWATER EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION $1,525,000.00 COLORADANS FOR RESPONSIBLE ENERGY DEVELOPMENT $556,605.00 SYNERGY RESOURCES CORPORATION $450,000.00 EXTRACTION OIL & GAS $400,000.00 PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES $300,000.00
Remember that current requirement for Constitutional amendments that requires 98,000 signatures before they can even make that ballot? It turns out that collecting enough signatures to pack a Broncos game is no small feat, especially if the effort is made up of people who don't have millions of dollars to spend. In fact, it is so difficult that several potential amendments dealing with the oil and gas industry didn't collect enough signatures to make the ballot. These amendments would have restricted the practice of hydraulic fracturing (fracking) in various ways. While they weren't successful in getting on the ballot, let alone passing, what they DID do is scare the daylights out of the oil and gas industry. The reason so many oil and gas companies (many from outside of Colorado) want to make our constitution more difficult to amend is because they want to make it harder for anti-fracking amendments to pass. It's really that simple.
Whether or not you think the oil and gas industry should be subject to additional regulations, or whether you believe the constitution should be more difficult to amend or not, the injustice here is the fact that the voters of Colorado don't have $28 million dollars to spend to wage an equally persuasive campaign.
The real discussion we need to have on this issue won't happen if one side has an oil and gas financed megaphone capable drowning out all opposition. This industry is using its enormous financial reserves to push a ballot measure on Coloradans who don't have access to the same financial resources. This is what democratic inequality looks like and this is a prime example of why all of us have to invest in fixing the way we finance our political campaigns.
To stay in the loop on our efforts to reform campaign finance sign up here!
Jon Biggerstaff
Executive Director
jon@cleanslatenow.org
OTTAWA—Environment Canada has mothballed some of the world's most advanced equipment for dealing with oil spills, tracking submarines and monitoring Arctic sea ice.
Even as the auditor general's office chides the government for taking an antiquated, piecemeal approach to dealing with oil spills, officials have let their state-of-the-art technology languish in a hangar on the outskirts of Ottawa, former staffers say.
At issue are two airplanes equipped with lasers, radar technology and other remote-sensing tools that have been developed by Canadian researchers over three decades.
They haven't flown for a year, and in September last year Environment Canada quietly shut down the program that oversaw the planes.
“Environment Canada did an analysis and determined that it was more cost effective for us to lease the aircraft we need in order to do this kind of work rather than to own and manage our own planes,” a spokesman for the department said in an email response to questions.
“There are other commercially available planes and equipment.”
The mothballed planes are old, but it's not the planes themselves that are important for the government's monitoring of the environment, former staffers say. Rather, it's the equipment inside the planes.
“It's not the planes. It's the instruments that are in them,” said Merv Fingas, who ran the program until he retired in 2006.
The aircraft serve as a platform for technology that has monitored oil, pollution, bug infestations, birds, ice and submarines, and served to support Canada's space and satellite programs.
One of the planes, a Convair 580, is equipped with radar that could map and measure even the smallest changes in the Earth's geography — helpful in mapping flood plains, predicting crop growth, and detailing rugged and remote areas, including the Arctic.
The other plane, a DC3, has a unique capacity to detect and confirm oil spills in any conditions — in the dark, in the ice, on the shore, on land and on the ocean.
“It's just endless what these things can do,” said Bryan Healey, the former head pilot for both planes. “You've got the best equipment in the world. And yet it sits in a hangar in Ottawa.”
Healey tells of the time in 2006 when the Queen of the North ferry sank off the coast of British Columbia. Fuel oil was spilling out of the sunken boat, and Healey's team — working nearby on an unrelated project — figured their expertise could help in the cleanup.
When they arrived, they found two tugboats dragging a boom to scoop up spilled fuel. But the technology on board Healey's plane showed his crew immediately where the fuel was, and they could see clearly what the tug boats couldn't: they were cleaning up already-clean water.
“They had no idea where the pollution was and no support for doing so,” Healey said. “We could have given them real-time information and provided valuable assistance in the cleanup, but (were) never tasked.”
The mothballing suggests the Tories would just rather not know about oil spills and pollution that are bound to increase in the future as oil exploration and shipping activity expand off the coast of B.C. and in the North, said New Democrat MP Nathan Cullen.
“It's a hear-no-evil, see-no-evil approach to oil spills,” he said in an interview. “We need to reform our whole oil-spill strategy.”
Both Healey and Fingas, as well as other former government insiders, say Environment Canada never fully appreciated how useful the technology in the two planes could be — not just for environmental emergencies, but also for defence, Arctic sovereignty, space research, and a wide range of other scientific efforts.
“It is this lack of interdepartmental communication,” said Ron Cleminson, the former head of the arms-control verification program at the Foreign Affairs Department.
“One department has the need, and the other department can solve the need, but they don't do it.”
Cleminson knows the Convair 580 well, and values its potential to monitor the Arctic, in all weather conditions, for foreign intrusions and environmental risks. But he sees the federal government preferring a big splash, spending billions on a new Arctic strategy instead of maintaining and making use of the world-class technology they already have.
Healey also notes that the Convair is uniquely equipped with radar that can determine whether Arctic sea ice is the extra-thick multi-year ice that is impossible for ships to navigate through.
Fingas is concerned, too, that without maintaining the technology housed in the two planes, Canada won't be prepared to handle a major oil spill one day. The DC3 can detect and identify oil during the day as well as the night, on land and in the water — unlike other instruments that only work in the day and can't positively identify oil, and don't work well over land.
Research and development also allowed researchers to use the DC3 to measure the thickness of an oil spill — a discovery that Fingas says would have been the “Holy Grail” of oil cleanups had it been properly funded and commercialized.
There's no question that if the equipment contained in the two planes were going to be made useful, more funding would be required, the former government officials say.
But Fingas points out that when he was running the program, it was self-financing. Deals worked out with other departments or foreign governments who needed the technology paid for most of the research and development.
And the amount of money needed to keep the two planes ahead of the curve is in the millions — a pittance compared with the money Ottawa is planning to pour into Arctic sovereignty, said both Healey and Cleminson.
They reject the government's explanation that cheaper alternatives can be found outside government, by leasing commercial aircraft.
The equipment on board the two planes is specifically designed for those planes, said Fingas, adding it can't simply be plucked out and moved into a leased plane to save money.
CANTON -- An Ogdensburg man was arrested for driving while ability impaired by drugs and alcohol after shooting wildlife from a motor vehicle on County Route 16 on Sunday, according to St. Lawrence County sheriff's deputies.
Deputies were called to assist Department of Conservation (DEC) officers following a traffic stop on a vehicle for shooting a firearm from a motor vehicle on a public roadway.
Deputies interviewed Robert M. Montpetit, 58, and determined him to be impaired.
He was charged by deputies with first-degree aggravated unlicensed operation: previous DWI conviction, driving while ability impaired by drugs/alcohol, operating a motor vehicle without an ignition interlock device and seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance.
DEC officers charged him with shooting from/over a public roadway, taking wildlife from a public roadway, taking wildlife while in a motor vehicle, possession of a loaded firearm in a motor vehicle and hunting small game without a license.
Montepetit was arraigned in Canton court and released under the supervision of probation to appear in court at a later date.
Photo credit: Bruce Bennett
Over the summer, Washington Capitals defenseman John Carlson was invited to Team USA's orientation camp held at the Caps' practice facility in Ballston, Virginia. At that point in time, Carlson was a bit of an afterthought for the team: he was arguably there more to excite the hometown fans than actually challenge for a roster spot.
Four months later, Carlson, after taking advantage of more opportunity due to injuries on the Caps blue line, was named to Team USA's roster for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. The announcement was made on NBC after the Winter Classic.
The accomplishment is well earned. The 23-year-old Natick, Massachusetts-native (who spent most of his childhood living in New Jersey) is tied for second amongst American-born NHL defenseman with 7 goals. Only the Boston Bruins' Torey Krug (8) has more. He also ranks 14th in points (15) and fifth in ice time (24:41).
A few days before the announcement, head coach Adam Oates was asked if Carlson deserved a spot. He was not shy about what he thought. “To me, that's an easy answer,” Oates said to CSN Washington's Chuck Gormley. “He should be on it because he's one of the best defensemen in the league.”
When I spoke to Caps assistant coach Calle Johansson one-on-one after practice on Saturday, he was even stronger with his words.
“Absolutely,” when I asked if Carlson should make the team. “No doubt about it. If there are six D better than him, or three on the right side, whatever you want to say, I'd be shocked.”
“I see this guy play everyday and there won't be three better defensemen than John Carlson in this league,” Johansson concluded.
Now the next question is: will Carlson actually get a jersey during the games? That answer will be known soon enough, but here's hoping, if he gets an opportunity, Carly has another gold medal goal on his stick this year.
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
The Seattle mayor signed an executive order saying the city will further help public high-school graduates from attend community college. A team is supposed to come up with a long-term plan within 100 days.
Jenny Durkan cemented a key campaign vow on her first full day as mayor Wednesday, signing an order for Seattle to make community college free for new high-school graduates. She still needs to figure out how to pay for the program in the long-term, however, and voters may get to weigh in on that.
Durkan in August pitched a Seattle Promise program she said would offer all of the city's public high-school grads up to two years of tuition help at community and technical colleges.
The new program will be modeled on the existing 13th Year Promise Scholarship, which has been privately funded by Seattle-area businesses and individual donors and which has allowed students graduating from Cleveland, Chief Sealth International and Rainier Beach High schools to attend South Seattle College free for one year.
“There is no better investment we can make as a city than in the education of our young people,” said Durkan, who was sworn into office Tuesday.
Durkan was introduced by Myron Ramirez, a 25-year-old Cleveland graduate who used the 13th Year Scholarship as a launchpad to a construction-management degree from the University of Washington.
Like half of approximately 500 scholarship students surveyed, Ramirez believes he wouldn't have reached college at all without the help.
Now he's a project engineer working on Google's massive new office complex along Mercer Street in South Lake Union.
In a survey, 60 percent of scholarship students said they were the first in their families to attend college.
“That first year gave me a taste for knowledge and opened my eyes about how big the world was and how far education could take me,” he said after the event.
Wednesday's executive order, which the mayor signed at South Seattle College with students and supporters looking on, is only a first step and calls for a phased-in approach.
The program will begin next fall with a new group of graduates from Cleveland, Chief Sealth and Rainier Beach and by offering a second year of free college to students now benefiting from the 13th Year Scholarship.
Durkan's order doesn't say when she expects the program to be available to all students from all public schools. Instead, it calls for a team with representatives from various city departments to develop by March 8 a plan to achieve that long-term goal.
The mayor said she wants to make sure the program adds counselors and support systems as it grows.
“We're going to have to phase it in, look at the budget streams,” Durkan said. “You know, it takes a while to scale up a program of that size.”
Saying the team will identify funds to pay for the program's future rollout, the order mentions federal, state and regional resources, as well as money from local property-tax levies and philanthropic organizations.
Earlier this year, then-Mayor Ed Murray proposed expanding the scholarship to additional schools with money from the city's new tax on sweetened beverages.
Durkan's order directs the education and budget departments to immediately consider including the Seattle Promise program in a proposal for a 2018 ballot measure renewing the city's existing Families and Education Levy and Seattle Preschool Levy.
During her campaign, the mayor said she would look at asking voters to not only renew but also to increase the combined size of the levies, which expire next year.
The idea of using Families and Education Levy funds for a college program encountered some pushback during the race.
When Seattle's public-school teachers union endorsed Durkan opponent Cary Moon in October, the union praised Moon's commitment to using the levy exclusively to narrow the opportunity gap between more- and less-advantaged elementary, middle and high-school students.
The mayor and others Wednesday spoke more about the importance of college than about funding details, however.
Young people from wealthy families are much more likely to earn college degrees, noted Seattle Colleges Chancellor Shouan Pan.
“Community colleges are the gateway to the American dream” for lower-income and immigrant students, he said.
Tuition at Washington's 34 community and technical colleges is $3,936 for state residents this year, and the 13th Year Scholarship covers the balance between that and other financial aid. Books and living expenses aren't included.
In August, Durkan estimated her expanded program would cost about $4.5 million in 2018 and $7 million a year after that, based on an estimate that 25 percent of graduates would take part.
As with the existing scholarship, Durkan's program will have no income or GPA restrictions and will be open to undocumented students, a spokeswoman said. In August, Durkan said graduates would be eligible for the program for two years after leaving high school.
Durkan acknowledged Wednesday that she didn't come up with the free-college idea. She said she wants to build on initiatives that are already working.
This story has been updated to reflect that the 13th Year Promise Scholarship has been funded by individual donors in addition to businesses. Information on donating to the program can be found here.
If you're using Git, you're probably using pull requests. They've been around in some form or other since the dawn of DVCS. Back before Bitbucket and GitHub built fancy web UIs, a pull request might've simply been an email from Alice asking you to pull some changes from her repo. If that sounded like a good idea, you could run a few commands to pull the changes into your master branch:
$ git remote add alice git://bitbucket.org/alice/bleak.git $ git checkout master $ git pull alice master
Of course, randomly pulling Alice's changes into master isn't a great idea. master represents the code that you're intending to ship to your customers, so you typically want to keep a close eye on what gets merged in. Rather than pulling into master , a better pattern is to pull them down into a separate branch and inspect the changes before merging them in:
$ git fetch alice $ git diff master...alice/master
Using git diff 's "triple dot" syntax shows us the changes between the tip of alice/master and It's merge base (or common ancestor) with our local master branch. This effectively shows us all of the changes that Alice wants us to pull.
git diff master...alice/master is equivalent to git diff A B is equivalent to
At first glance, this seems like a reasonable way to review the changes involved in a pull request. In fact, at time of writing, this appears to be how most git hosting tools have implemented their pull request diffing algorithms.
However there are a couple of problems with using the "triple dot" diff approach to generate a diff for a pull request. In a real project, the master branch is going to significantly diverge from any given feature branch. Other developers will be working on their own branches and merging them in to master . Once master has progressed, a simple git diff from the feature branch tip back to its merge base is no longer adequate to show the real differences between the two branches. You're only seeing the difference between the branch tip, and some older version of master .
The "triple-dot" git diff master...alice/master doesn't take into account changes to master The "triple-dot"doesn't take into account changes to master
Why is not seeing these changes in the pull request diff a problem? Two reasons.
Merge conflicts
The first problem is something you probably run into fairly regularly: merge conflicts. If you modify a file on your feature branch that has also been modified on master , git diff is still just going to show you the changes that have been made on your feature branch. git merges on the other hand will spit out an error and spew conflict markers all over your working copy, showing that your branches have irreconcilable differences. Or at least differences beyond the capabilities of git's sophisticated merge strategies.
No-one enjoys resolving merge conflicts, but they're a fact of life for all version control systems. At least, version control systems that don't support file-level locking, which has its own problems.
But merge conflicts are far preferred to the second problem you can run into if you use a "triple dot" git diff for pull requests: a special type of logical conflict that will merge cleanly, but can introduce subtle bugs into your codebase.
Logical conflicts that merge cleanly
If developers modify different parts of the same file on different branches, you might be in for some trouble. In some cases, different changes that work independently and appear to merge happily without conflicts, can actually create a logic bug when combined.
This can happen in a few different ways, but one common way is when two or more developers incidentally notice and fix the same bug on two different branches. Consider the following javascript for calculating the ticket price for an airfare:
// flat fees and taxes var customsFee = 5.5; var immigrationFee = 7; var federalTransportTax = .025; function calculateAirfare(baseFare) { var fare = baseFare; fare += immigrationFee; fare *= (1 + federalTransportTax); return fare; }
There's a clear bug here - the author has neglected to include the customs fee in the calculation!
Now imagine two different developers, Alice and Bob, each notice this bug and fix it independently on two different branches.
Alice adds the customsFee before the immigrationFee :
function calculateAirfare(baseFare) { var fare = baseFare; +++ fare += customsFee; // Fixed it! Phew. Glad we didn't ship that! - Alice fare += immigrationFee; fare *= (1 + federalTransportTax); return fare; }
And Bob makes a similar fix, but on the line after the immigrationFee :
function calculateAirfare(baseFare) { var fare = baseFare; fare += immigrationFee; +++ fare += customsFee; // Fixed it! Gee, lucky I caught that one. - Bob fare *= (1 + federalTransportTax); return fare; }
Because different lines were modified on each branch, these two branches will both merge cleanly into master , one after the other. However, master will then have both lines. And, a serious bug that will cause customers to be double-charged the customs fee:
function calculateAirfare(baseFare) { var fare = baseFare; fare += customsFee; // Fixed it! Phew. Glad we didn't ship that! - Alice fare += immigrationFee; fare += customsFee; // Fixed it! Gee, lucky I caught that one. - Bob fare *= (1 + federalTransportTax); return fare; }
(This is obviously a contrived example, but duplicated code or logic can cause pretty serious problems: goto fail; anyone?)
Assuming you merged Alice's pull request into master first, here's what Bob's pull request would look like if you used a "triple-dot" git diff from the branch tip to the common ancestor:
function calculateAirfare(baseFare) { var fare = baseFare; fare += immigrationFee; +++ fare += customsFee; // Fixed it! Gee, lucky I caught that one. - Bob fare *= (1 + federalTransportTax); return fare; }
Because you're reviewing a diff against the ancestor, there is no warning of the impending doom that will occur when you hit the merge button.
What you really want to see in a pull request is how master will change when you merge Bob's branch in:
function calculateAirfare(baseFare) { var fare = baseFare; fare += customsFee; // Fixed it! Phew. Glad we didn't ship that! - Alice fare += immigrationFee; +++ fare += customsFee; // Fixed it! Gee, lucky I caught that one. - Bob fare *= (1 + federalTransportTax); return fare; }
This diff clearly shows the problem. A pull request reviewer will spot the duplicated line (hopefully) and let Bob know that the code needs some rework, thus preventing a serious bug from reaching master and eventually production.
This is how we decided to implement pull request diffs in Bitbucket and Stash. When you view a pull request, you're seeing what the resultant merge commit will actually look like. We do this by actually creating a merge commit behind the scenes, and showing you the difference between it and the tip of the target branch:
git diff C D where D is a merge commit shows all differences between the two branches whereis ashows all differences between the two branches
If you're curious, I've pushed the same repository to a few different hosting providers so you can see the different diff algorithms in action:
The "merge commit" diff used in Bitbucket and Stash shows the actual changes that will be applied when you merge. The catch is that it's trickier to implement, and more expensive to execute.
Moving targets
The first problem is that the merge commit D doesn't actually exist yet, and creating a merge commit is a relatively expensive process. The second problem is that you can't simply create D and be done with it. B and C , the parents of our merge commit, could change at any time. We call a change to one of these parents rescoping the pull request, because it effectively changes the diff that will be applied when the pull request is merged. If your pull request is targeting a busy branch like master , your pull request is likely being rescoped very frequently.
Merge commits are created any time either branch changes. Merge commits are created any time either branch changes.
In fact, every time someone pushes to or merges a branch into master or your feature branch, Bitbucket or Stash is potentially going to need to calculate a new merge in order to show you an accurate diff.
Handling merge conflicts
The other problem with performing merges to generate pull request diffs is that, every now and then, you're going to have to handle a merge conflict. Since your git server is running non-interactively, there won't be anyone around to resolve them. This makes things a bit more complicated, but actually turns out to be an advantage. In Bitbucket and Stash, we actually commit the conflict markers as part of the merge commit D , and then mark them up in the diff to show you how your pull request is conflicting:
In Bitbucket and Stash diffs: green lines are added, red lines are removed, and orange lines are conflicting. In Bitbucket and Stash diffs:lines are added,lines are removed, andlines are conflicting.
This means we can not only detect ahead of time that your pull request is conflicting, we can also let reviewers discuss how the conflict should be resolved. Since conflicts always involve at least two parties, we feel that the pull request is the best place to determine an appropriate resolution.
Despite the additional complexity and cost, I believe the approach we've taken in Stash and Bitbucket provides the most accurate and useful pull request diff. If you have questions or feedback, please let me know in the comments or on Twitter. If you like, you can follow me (@kannonboy) for occasional updates on Git, Bitbucket, and other neat stuff.
The greater the empathy skills of children, the easier it is for them to recognize sarcasm, according to a new study in the open-access journal Frontiers in Psychology.
For children, sarcastic language can be difficult to understand. They generally begin to recognize sarcasm between ages 6 and 8, especially familiar sarcastic praise such as "Thanks a lot!" and "Nice going!" But some children take much longer to begin to understand sarcasm, with detection improving even through adolescence.
In a new study, Penny Pexman, Juanita Whalen, and Andrew Nicholson investigated whether differences in the ability of children to empathize with others might help to explain why.
The researchers looked at empathy specifically because they thought that in order to understand sarcasm children must be able to adopt the perspective of the speaker - to understand the speaker's attitude and emotions.
The study involved 31 children between 8 and 9 years old in a task that required them to recognize sarcasm. After children watched a series of puppet shows that included either sarcastic or non-sarcastic praise, they were asked to pick up a "mean" toy shark if they believed that the puppets had spoken sarcastically, or a "nice" duck otherwise. Each child was tested 12 times, with different puppets and scenarios. The empathy skills of the children were measured separately.
Children detected the puppets' sarcasm about half of the time, and children with relatively strong empathy skills did so more accurately. Children with stronger empathy skills were nearly twice as accurate as children with less advanced empathy skills. Initially, the researchers analyzed a group of 6-7 year olds, but this age group revealed almost zero accuracy for sarcasm.
The researchers also quantified children's eye gaze and reaction time during the sarcasm recognition task, to quantify subtle clues about their understanding. They measured whether the children looked towards the duck or the shark, as well as the time it took them to choose either. This gave more subtle clues about the children's understanding.
"Sarcastic language, especially in unfamiliar forms, is a real challenge for most children," explains Prof. Pexman. "Even when children did not recognize a remark as sarcastic, there was evidence in their reactions that the children with stronger empathy skills were sensitive to the speaker's intent."
"This study helps us understand why some children deal better with this challenge than others and provides new insights about development of this complex aspect of emotion recognition," adds Pexman. "It also puts us in a better position to help children who are struggling with this challenge".
###
Contacts:
Prof Penny M. Pexman
Department of Psychology
Calgary, Canada
E-mail: pexman@ucalgary.ca
Gozde Zorlu
Press Manager
Frontiers
E-mail: communications@frontiersin.org
Note to editors:
For a copy of the embargoed paper and images, please contact Gozde Zorlu: communications@frontiersin.org
Please refer to the source of publication, Frontiers in Pyschology, and for online articles, please include a link to the study, which will become available on the following active URL: http://www. frontiersin. org/ Journal/ 10. 3389/ fpsyg. 2013. 00691/ abstract
Article title : Children's processing of emotion in ironic language
Journal: Frontiers in Psychology
DOI: 10.3389/fpsyg.2013.00691
The study was funded by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada.
About Frontiers
Frontiers is a community driven open-access publisher and research networking platform. Launched and run by scientists since 2007, and based in Switzerland, Frontiers empowers researchers to advance the way science is evaluated communicated, and shared in the digital era. Frontiers joined the Nature Publishing Group family in 2013.
Literature
Guilt...Just a Word
Open the wounds to make us whole
To dig our way out from this hole
Nice try...now turn back again
You are nothing,your body's in pain
Words like spears pushed beneath my skin,
Are you enjoying this moment that's your sin?
Go ahead and dig me a grave
In the end I'll cut you open with my glaive.
You managed to tear up my whole world once again
I freed myself from a life under ball and chain
So much blood pouring from your chest
It's warm...that I never would've guessed
Chocking yourself with blooded words of despair
Don't get me that look...I did what was fair
Closure is what you wanted...to put an end to this
Death followed you and gave you the deadliest kiss
What happens when a recruiter proves himself before he even gets a chance to recruit a full class? Is there anything more intriguing than that?
A year ago, UTSA was tasked with replacing the only coach it'd ever had. Larry Coker had taken the program from the conceptual stage to Conference USA. The Roadrunners took the fast lane to FBS, playing one provisional year before jumping all the way in; despite that, FBS life had started with 15-9 in their first two years.
When Coker's first, giant class of freshmen and transfers left, so did Coker's energy. He won just seven combined games in 2014-15 and elected to head toward the proverbial golf course. In looking to replace him, UTSA took a big swing.
Texas-San Antonio Roadrunners Head coach: Wilson (6-7, second year) 2016 record and S&P+ ranking: 6-7 (103rd) Projected 2017 record and S&P+ ranking: 7-5 (91st) The Biggest strength: The defense, led by end Marcus Davenport and linebackers Josiah Tauaefa and La'Kel Bass, has major havoc potential. Biggest question mark: The passing game was quite inefficient, and there's nothing saying it will be any better this year. Biggest 2017 game: Beat Southern Miss (Oct. 7), and the Roadrunners could be in the C-USA West race all the way to the season-ending trip to Louisiana Tech (Nov. 25). Summary: Wilson was regarded as an ace recruiter when he took the job in 2016, but before his recruiting even kicked in, he took a young squad and improved it by quite a bit. What might he do with actual experience?
Wilson went from small schools to big roles in a hurry. The Nicholls State grad spent seven seasons as a Louisiana high school assistant before taking the reins at O. Perry Walker High in 2000, at the age of just 26. He won state coach of the year honors in 2002, and by 2005 found himself in the college ranks.
After a decade as position coach/ace recruiter for Ole Miss, Southern Miss, Tennessee, and LSU, he had yet to move up to the coordinator ranks. UTSA took him all the same.
I was pretty intrigued by the thought of a dynamic recruiter running the show in San Antonio, but there was reason to be cautious.
We have no idea how good Wilson might be as a head coach. Plenty of ace recruiters have failed in this role. He's done about as much as Ed Orgeron had when Orgeron landed in Oxford (though he does have head coaching experience at the high school level). But while he's not going to start inking top-20 classes at UTSA, he's going to raise the talent level. So now he has to coach. Either he will struggle like Orgeron did and leave his successor a stocked cupboard, or he will show that he's learned from previous bosses' mistakes and thrive. All we know is that he can still recruit and that his assistant coach hires have been interesting.
When you hire someone mostly known for recruiting instead of coordinator success or college head coaching experience, you don't expect immediate success. P.J. Fleck went 1-11 in his first year at Western Michigan, after all, and in Orgeron's first head coaching gig at Ole Miss, he never turned things around. There's a learning process here, and there's a foundation to be laid.
To be sure, UTSA went only 6-7 with an S&P+ ranking of No. 103 in 2016. The Roadrunners weren't exactly dominant. But the improvement was undeniable: UTSA's S&P+ rating (presented as an adjusted point per game average) improved by 4.4 points on offense, by 1.9 points on defense, and by 1.2 points on special teams.
Most important: UTSA doubled its win total. The Roadrunners overcame a 1-3 start, then walloped bowl teams Southern Miss, North Texas, and Middle Tennessee by a combined 57 points. There were plenty of missteps — a damning home loss to UTEP, a 28-point destruction at the hands of Louisiana Tech — but this level of success wasn't expected.
And then Wilson followed up by signing the No. 3 class in Conference USA, behind only Lane Kiffin's FAU and Southern Miss.
That's pretty good proof of concept in Year 1. Now all Wilson has to do is top himself.
2016 in review
2016 UTSA statistical profile.
It took a little while for UTSA to work its way into the 2016 season. The Roadrunners were neither great nor terrible early, looking pretty poor in a win over Alabama State, then suffering competitive losses to Colorado State, Arizona State, and ODU.
Barring an excellent 55-32 win over Southern Miss, the team got to the midway point of the season without distinguishing itself. But thanks to a mostly solid defense, the Roadrunners navigated a high-octane late stretch to qualify for a bowl despite a shaky shootout loss to UTEP.
First 7 games (3-4) — Avg. percentile performance: 29% | Avg. yards per play: UTSA 5.9, Opp 5.7 (+0.2)
— Avg. percentile performance: 29% | Avg. yards per play: UTSA 5.9, Opp 5.7 (+0.2) Last 6 games (3-3) — Avg. percentile performance: 40% | Avg. yards per play: Opp 5.7, UTSA 4.9 (-0.8)
UTSA's defensive stats didn't change that much over the second half of the season, but the opponents improved; that made for better opponent-adjusted numbers.
Still, the defense was steady aside from a couple of glitches (namely, the UTEP and Louisiana Tech games); the offense was the primary difference-maker. When it showed up, UTSA won.
Yards per play in UTSA wins : UTSA 6.3, Opp 5.3 (+1.0)
: UTSA 6.3, Opp 5.3 (+1.0) Yards per play in UTSA losses: Opp 6.1, UTSA 4.7 (-1.4)
The offense was rarely amazing, but the variation was immense. The Roadrunners scored 20 or fewer points five times and 33 or more five times. While they allowed 0.8 fewer yards per play in wins, they averaged 1.6 more yards per play in wins.
Regardless, a 4-1 stretch in October and early-November put UTSA on the doorstep of bowl eligibility, and in the regular season finale against Charlotte, the Roadrunners clinched a New Mexico Bowl bid with a 33-14 win.
Offense
Full advanced stats glossary.
Louisiana guys stick together. Wilson named Frank Scelfo as his offensive coordinator last year; Scelfo spent 11 seasons at Tulane from 1996-06, then led the Louisiana Tech offense for three years after that. He had spent his last three seasons as an assistant for the Jacksonville Jaguars, but Wilson had enough regard for him from long ago to give him a call.
The thing that was obvious about Scelfo's résumé was his lengthy work with successful quarterbacks: Patrick Ramsey, J.P. Losman, and Shaun King at Tulane, Ross Jenkins at Louisiana Tech, Nick Foles and Matt Scott at Arizona. He might not have been directly responsible for their success, but he played a role.
It was interesting, then, to see what Scelfo might be able to do with Dalton Sturm. The former walk-on had shown some promise through ups and downs in 2015, but could Scelfo (who is also, not surprisingly, the QBs coach) make him more consistent?
Based on 2016, the answer is a solid "Maybe." "Perhaps," even! In his first year under Scelfo, Sturm's completion rate fell slightly (from 59 percent to 56.5), but he averaged 2 more yards per completion (12.8 from 10.8), cut his interception rate (2 percent from 3.3) and cut his sack rate (10.5 percent from 13.1). That's still far too many sacks, but improvement is improvement.
Sturm's back for one final go-round in 2017, and he's got his top four 2016 targets back.
That could be good news or bad news. Josh Stewart, Kerry Thomas Jr., Brady Jones, and Marquez McNair combined for only a 53 percent catch rate last year, and of the group, only Thomas finished 2016 with a success rate over 50 percent.
Efficiency for this offense might require influence from others. Junior running back Jalen Rhodes has a lot of potential — he combined 5.3 yards per carry with an 85 percent catch rate — and in senior Shaq Williams, JUCO transfer Robert Ursua, and three-star freshman Chance McLeod, UTSA has some interesting options at tight end. Plus, it could be interesting to see what roles Oklahoma transfer Dannon Cavil, three-star sophomore slot Matt Guidry, and three-star redshirt freshman Jesse Ebozue carve out.
Rhodes was more efficient than last year's go-to rusher, Jarveon Williams, and he'll be running behind what might be a five-senior line. Wilson brought in a couple of JUCOs to increase competition (not a terrible idea, as last year's line stats were subpar).
I'm not sure what the ceiling of a Scelfo offense is, but at worst, I figure UTSA's should improve by a couple more points per game this fall.
Defense
Wilson went with an old hand on offense, but he went the other direction on D. When coordinator Pete Golding graduated from Delta State, Scelfo was already more than two decades into his career. The former college safety was Tusculum's coordinator in 2008, just three years out of graduation, and he moved up to Delta State in 2010-11 and Southeastern Louisiana in 2012-13.
After two years as safeties coach at Southern Miss, Golding took the reins of the Roadrunner defense last fall, and he acquitted himself well.
While the combination of opponent adjustments (UTSA played a lot of bad offenses) and a few too many huge plays (26 passes of 30-plus yards, 118th in FBS) dragged down their overall Def. S&P+ rating, UTSA ranked a robust 39th in Rushing S&P+. Five players made at least 6.5 tackles for loss (four return in 2017), and five defensed at least five passes (again, four return).
UTSA posted solid havoc numbers in the front (53rd in defensive line havoc rate) and back (31st in DB havoc), and the Roadrunners were just successful enough in their aggression to lure opponents into running the ball on passing downs. When the dam broke, it broke, but there was a load of potential here.
In 2017, the line returns four of its top five, three of four linebackers, and nine of 11 defensive backs. Most of the havoc guys are back, headlined by defensive end Marcus Davenport, who both makes plays and, at 6'7 and 245 pounds, looks the part.
From an experience standpoint, the primary question mark comes at safety, where two starters (Michael Egwuagu and Jordan Moore) need replacing. Considering the big plays UTSA allowed, that could be reason for concern.
Another potential concern: injuries. The Roadrunners simply didn't have to deal with as many as other defenses did. Most contributors played in either 12 or 13 games. That doesn't happen every year.
Still, the combination of entrenched play-makers and athletic newcomers is exciting. Wilson added two three-star linemen, a three-star linebacker, a three-star JUCO corner (Jay Jay Smith), and four three-star freshmen in the secondary. If competition breeds improvement, the Roadrunners should have a lot, especially in the back, where they need it the most.
And in linebackers Josiah Tauaefa and La'Kel Bass, they have a couple of havoc guys in the middle. Tauaefa had nine tackles for loss and six sacks as a freshman last year.
Special Teams
Part of the reason to be excited about Matt Guidry's potential with the offense is because of what he did in special teams last year. UTSA's return game dragged an otherwise shaky unit to a No. 77 ranking in Special Teams S&P+, and Guidry's steady kick returns were a major reason why.
Guidry's got potential, and honestly, so does the rest of the unit. Daniel Portillo's kickoffs were mostly unreturnable (aside from a couple of very returnable ones that went for scores), and at the very least, Victor Falcon was automatic inside of 40 yards. (Outside of 40: not so much.)
This might not be an incredibly high-ceiling special teams unit, but it wouldn't surprise me if the Roadrunners moved from 77th into the 50s or 60s in 2017.
2017 outlook
Wilson took a young two-deep and a recruiter's reputation into battle and engineered improvement before his recruiting could even kick in. That's not how that's supposed to work.
Now, in theory, the improvement could really kick in. UTSA's returning production figures (18th overall, 19th on offense, 33rd on defense) are strong, and at worst, recent recruiting should make for more competition in key areas like the receiving corps, offensive line, and secondary.
S&P+ projects UTSA to win seven games, but the upside on the schedule is obvious. The Roadrunners are given at least a 52 percent chance of winning in nine games (including seven of eight C-USA battles) and a 40 percent chance in a 10th. If this seasoned squad can close out close games, the Roadrunners could contend for the C-USA West title.
There are obvious potential limitations. We don't know that the passing game will ever be as efficient as it needs to be, and there's nothing saying that the secondary will be any better at preventing big plays. But the ceiling is high in San Antonio.
Team preview stats
All preview data to date.
Guardian columnist Glenn Greenwald blasted NBC host David Gregory on Sunday for publicly entertaining the idea that he should be prosecuted for publishing secret National Security Agency (NSA) documents leaked by former U.S. government contractor Edward Snowden.
“To the extent that you have aided and abetted Snowden, even in his current movements, why shouldn't you, Mr. Greenwald, be charged with a crime?” Gregory asked the columnist in a Sunday interview.
“I think it's pretty extraordinary that anybody who would call themself a journalist would publicly muse about whether or not other journalists should be charged with felonies,” Greenwald shot back. “The assumption in your question, David, is completely without evidence, David — the idea that I've aided and abetted him in any way.”
“If you want to embrace that theory it means that every investigative journalist in the United States who works with their sources, who receives classified information is a criminal,” he continued. “And it's precisely those theories and precisely that climate that has become so menacing in the United States.”
“Well, the question of who's a journalist may be up to debate with regard of what you are doing,” Gregory opined. “And of course, anybody who's watching this understands I was asking a question, that question has been raised by lawmakers as well.”
“I'm not embracing anything, but obviously I take your point,” the NBC host insisted.
Watch this video from NBC's Meet the Press via Video Cafe, broadcast June 23, 2013.
Getty Images
Not only is every team in the NFC South bad.
But one of them is going to be penalized for being slightly less bad than the rest of them.
Since a rules change for determining the order of the NFL Draft which was implemented in 2010, whichever team backs into the NFC South title will draft no higher than 21st.
That's bad news for them, since all of them would fall in the top 11 of the order under the old rules.
At the moment, the Falcons are the “first place” team in the division thanks to a tie-breaker edge over the Saints. But without bumping to the 20s by making the playoffs, they'd slide into the Saints' 10th spot in order, based on their strength of schedule number.
At the moment, the Buccaneers would draft third, and the Panthers eighth. But both teams could conceivably make a run and win the division.
But whoever emerges from the muck to win the division will be in worse shape to improve an obviously flawed team based on this year's success.
The rule was changed after the 2008 Chargers went 8-8 and beat the Colts in the playoffs, then turned around and drafted ahead of the Colts and other non-playoff teams based on record.
Now, the losers in the wild card round draft 21st through 24th, the losers of the divisional round 25th through 28th. Those who lose in conference championship games pick 29th and 30th, while the Super Bowl loser picks 31st and the champion picks last.
So while having a chance to host a playoff game against a superior wild card opponent will be some measure of pride, they're making it tougher on themselves to repeat by doing so.
The arrow went through 11-year-old sharp shooter Liu Cheong's eye socket, completely through his head and was only stopped by the back of his skull.
"If the arrow had been shot with just a bit more force, it would have come out the back of his head," said doctors at Jida Hospital in Changchun, eastern China.
The boy only survived because the arrow had miraculously missed his brain.
Surgeons spent four hours removing the 16 inch arrow which had sunk more than four inches into the boy's head. They had to cut away part of it just to get him in the CT scanner.
After brain scans and x-rays, doctors began to cut away parts of his skull to remove the arrow without damaging optic nerves or brain tissue.
His parents have been warned he still faces a risk of infection and may need further ops. The teammate who shot him - a 13-year-old girl called Yan Shin - is being treated for shock.
"It is a miracle he survived the accident," said one medic.
Teachers at Jiutai City school believe the youngsters were practicing on their own when the accident happened.
It was back in May when we learned that Dr. Eugenie Scott would retire from her position as Executive Director of the National Center for Science Education — after 26 years with the organization. During her tenure, the NCSE was a vocal advocate for good science in public schools, fighting battles against the likes of Creationists and global warming deniers,
Today, the NCSE is announcing her successor: Ann Reid, a molecular biologist who has worked for the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and, most recently, was the director of the American Academy of Microbiology:
“It is crucial, now more than ever, for students to understand evolution and climate science,” Reid commented… “I am excited at the prospect of helping NCSE to continue its important work in ensuring that these topics are taught properly — accurately, thoroughly, and without ideological interference.” Scott expressed her pleasure with the choice of Reid as the new executive director of NCSE. “Her stint as a research scientist grounds her in what science is and what scientists do. Her work at the National Research Council connected her with the top scientists in the country. And her experience as the director of a non-profit organization provides her with invaluable knowhow.” She added, “I have no doubt that attacks on science education will continue. But with Reid at the helm, I have no doubt that NCSE will continue to be at the forefront of the defense.”
Sounds like a worthy successor to Scott's legacy and someone who has both the science background and communications experience to effectively spread the message of evidence-based thinking.
Jane Fonda uttered the words, “I will go to my grave” last week and I thought: “Finally!”
Fonda recently talked to Oprah about that “one unforgiveable mistake” she made when she visited North Vietnam in 1972: allowing herself to be photographed while perched giddily on an anti-aircraft gun, looking positively post-coital when she wasn't pulling goofy faces.
The fact that “Hanoi Jane” now insists this infamous image “belied everything that I was” displays psychopathic chutzpah; during that same era, Fonda headlined a “Fuck the Army” comedy tour and married shameless soixante-neuf opportunist Tom Hayden. Just a few years ago, the supposedly repentant Fonda showed up at Mr. Chow's wearing a T-shirt screen-printed with her also-infamous (and much more flattering) mug shot, her then-much-younger fist raised in a revolutionary salute across her now-much-older boobs.
Fonda's contemporary Robert Redford kept his “progressive” politics mostly to himself until old age. A wise move: We're more prone to indulge the elderly's cranky outbursts.
Lefties joke ad nauseam about crusty right-wingers shouting, “Get off my lawn!” (It's one of those fanciful sentences such as “You lie, boy!” and “I can see Russia from my house!” with which liberals construct entire worldviews.)
“They're steeped in the seductive, romantic message that hippies were peaceful, noble idealists and even “patriots.””
Ironically, Redford in his dotage now embodies that liberal stereotype of the other side, swooping down in his private jet to try to halt pipeline construction and the like (on someone else's “lawn,” but still).
Of course, you're allowed on his “lawn””the Sundance Film Festival, that is”as long as you can afford to go, and few ordinary folks can.
Most average Americans can, however, probably scrounge together the ticket price for Redford's new film. Whether or not they'll bother is another matter.
I first wrote about The Company You Keep here at Taki's over a year ago. It's finally set for release and is generating lots of buzz, mostly because the aging boomer narcissists who run the media (and pretty much everything else) wouldn't have it any other way.
The Company You Keep is about “a former Weather Underground activist who goes on the run from a journalist who has discovered his identity.”
(I'm sure the curators of the highly regarded and widely influential Internet Movie Database meant to write “terrorist” instead of “activist,” but their fingers must have slipped.)
As I joked in 2012, that fictional premise is a stark contrast from the fates of all the real Weather Underground terrorists who now teach at major universities, hang out with the president, get lovingly profiled in The New York Times and elsewhere“do everything except disguise their identities and hide from the authorities.
Hell, they are the authorities.
Just a reminder: Unrepentant Weatherman bomber Bill “Kill Your Parents” Ayers is a highly respected “educator” and a longtime associate of Barack Obama; members of the Weather Underground and other Aquarian terrorists such as Ayers's wife Bernardine Dohrn, Eleanor Raskin, and Kathleen Cleaver teach at various American law schools, even though not all of them have law degrees.
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board.
Fox News' Glenn Beck strikes ratings gold by challenging Barack Obama
His show is averaging 2.2 million viewers, a remarkable amount for an afternoon time slot. 'I look at the ratings every day shocked,' he says.
"I see this as the Alamo," Ailes said, according to Beck. "If I just had somebody who was willing to sit on the other side of the camera until the last shot is fired, we'd be fine."
But before Beck could say anything, Ailes shared a message of his own: The country faced tough times, he said, and Fox News was one of the only news outlets willing to challenge the new administration.
"I wanted to meet with Roger and tell him, 'You may not want to put me on the air. I believe we are in dire trouble, and I will never shut up,' " said the conservative radio host.
NEW YORK — Before Glenn Beck started his new show on Fox News in January, he sat down with Roger Ailes, the network's chief executive, to make sure they were on the same page.
That couldn't have suited Beck more. In making the jump to the top-rated cable news channel from HLN, where he had a show for two years, he hoped to alert more people to one of his consuming fears: that the government's handling of the economic crisis is ushering in an era of socialism.
"Look in your rear-view mirror; we just passed France," he said. "I think our country is on the verge of disintegration."
Beck's indignant critiques of the Obama administration and gloomy outlook on the nation's financial health have found near-instant resonance. His eponymous 2 p.m. PST program averaged nearly 2.2 million viewers last month -- double the number the time slot attracted the previous February and a remarkable amount for the afternoon. That made "Glenn Beck" the third-most-watched program in all cable news for the month, after Bill O'Reilly's and Sean Hannity's evening shows.
"I look at the ratings every day shocked," Beck said on a recent afternoon, sitting shoeless in his Midtown office as snow pelted the Manhattan skyline behind him.
But he believes he knows why viewers are tuning in: "People know in their gut that something's not right. They're not getting the truth."
A similar challenging tone can be heard across Fox News, which has embraced its role as an opposition voice to the new administration.
The network's pundits have incredulously questioned President Obama's fiscal policies, while its correspondents have dogged stories like the White House plan to oversee the 2010 census.
"I think we've been doing a very good job of trying to point out some things that maybe some other news organizations haven't pointed out," said Bill Shine, the network's senior vice president of programming. "We're kind of looking for things that people aren't being told."
The network's tenor has not gone unnoticed.
"I think it's fair to say that I don't always get my most favorable coverage on Fox, but I think that's part of how democracy is supposed to work," Obama told "Fox News Sunday" host Chris Wallace last month.
The approach has paid off in the ratings. After CNN scored key victories with its election coverage last year, Fox News has now regained its wide lead. In February, the cable channel enjoyed a 29% overall spike in viewership and ranked third among all basic cable channels in prime time.
Northern California's latest Steak ‘n Shake will open near downtown Campbell on Labor Day, according to the location's owner.
Daniel Leder, the CEO of Cowlick Inc. and owner of the Campbell and Daly City restaurants, said staffing and bringing in produce are the last things on the list that need to be checked off before the Midwest burger chain's doors can open Sept. 4 at 501 E. Campbell Ave. in Lloyd Square Center.
The eatery was supposed to open at the beginning of the year, but Leder said there were “struggles.”
“It's been a long time coming,” he said. “It's due.”
The building has been home to video and bike stores. The interior has been remodeled and furniture has been moved in. The exterior has been repainted and a black-and-white mural has been added to a side. Lloyd Square also has undergone an exterior improvement with new paint and a resurfaced parking lot.
The road to an opening has not been smooth for Leder. In 2015 during the permit process with the city, residents opposed the 118-seat restaurant, citing worries Steak ‘n Shake would bring more traffic to East Campbell Avenue and adjacent neighborhoods.
After two resident appeals failed, the council required the restaurant to pay half the cost of VTA transit passes so employees can ride light rail to work, thus opening up more parking spaces at the shopping center.
Steak ‘n Shake was created by Illinois businessman Gus Belt in 1934. The chain specializes in steak burgers, milkshakes and chili.
Leder first came across the chain when he was a traveling salesman. He has undergone training at company headquarters, and he'll train his new employees.
A Steak ‘n Shake opened in the San Jose State student union this summer, and there's another location in Daly City.
Californians can also find Steak ‘n Shakes in Santa Monica, Victorville, Burbank and Aliso Viejo.
This isn't the first time the CBO has said this, far from it. This is what hey said would happen to the deficit after the Lameduck Tax Deal was cut:
Beohner, Ryan and the GOP have now made a habit of attacking the CBO, except when they say something they like.
The fact is of course that the CBO has completely trashed their budget proposals and said that rather than eliminating the deficit by 2016 - Ryan's Budget would't even begin to address the deficit until 2021 after massively increasing it with giant tax cuts.
In addition to acknowledging that seniors, disabled and elderly people would be hit with much higher out-of-pocket health care costs, the CBO finds that by the end of the 10-year budget window, public debt will actually be higher than it would be if the GOP just did nothing.
Everything the GOP wants to do about the Debt and the Economy, would make both problems worse, not better.
But the big problem is that doing what the CBO suggests- which, again, IS NOTHING - isn't even on the table.
The CBO projection is based on elimination of all of the Bush Tax Cuts, not just those for people making over $250,000 but Everyone. In order to meet his long held pledge that he would not raise taxes on the middle-class, the law needs to be change and those cuts extended for those who continue to struggle to make ends-meet and find decent paying jobs. But further, to reach the level of balance the CBO suggests without raising these taxes we would need to add even higher taxes for the wealthy, possibly including even higher tax brackets far about 39%, even 42% or 45% brackets for those making $500,000 or more than $1 Million per year.
For those who argue doing this will put the breaks on the economic recovery, I have several questions.
1) Why didn't that happen in 1993 when President Clinton and Congress raised the Top Marginal Rate to 39% in the first place, which resulted in 22 Million Jobs and a Budget Surplus?
2) Why didn't raising taxes hurt the Economy when Reagan did it and the top marginal tax rate was 50%?
Click to View Full Size
3) Tax Rates are already at their lowest point in 50 Years - lower even than during Reagan - why isn't that working to "explode the economy" yet?
3) U.S. Corporations have just made the third quarter of record breaking profits in a row - you don't think they can afford another 3%-5% in taxes they aren't even paying?
American businesses earned profits at an annual rate of $1.659 trillion in the third quarter, according to a Commerce Department report released Tuesday. That is the highest figure recorded since the government began keeping track over 60 years ago, at least in nominal or noninflation-adjusted terms.
(Reuters) - Most U.S. and foreign corporations doing business in the United States avoid paying any federal income taxes, despite trillions of dollars worth of sales, a government study released on Tuesday said. The Government Accountability Office said 72 percent of all foreign corporations and about 57 percent of U.S. companies doing business in the United States paid no federal income taxes for at least one year between 1998 and 2005. More than half of foreign companies and about 42 percent of U.S. companies paid no U.S. income taxes for two or more years in that period, the report said.
4) Since those Corporations and so-called "Job Creators" are clearly doing so well - why aren't they making jobs already? Cowardice?
The last time that any Republican President Balanced a Budget was during Eisenhauer Administration in the 50's and the top marginal tax rate was 90%.
The simple fact is that we Have To Raise Taxes on the Wealthy and the reason is this. All the tax cuts, tax breaks and deductions in the world don't mean anything when base tax rates are low. If your basic tax rate is low at a certain point you can max out on deductions where taking advantage of another deduction for say - hiring U.S. Workers instead of workers overseas - doesn't help anymore because you're effective tax is already Zero.
Anyone whose filled out a tax form knows this.
This is partially why the 17 Tax Cuts for Small Business that have already been enacted haven't been all that effective. Nothing from Nothing, Leaves Nothing.
And right now doing nothing is our best choice, but baring that - lets at least Do No More Harm.
Vyan
Let me just add, since this has survived for a second day that the reason that Eric Canton stormed out of the Debt Ceiling Talks was because Democrats were asking for exactly what I suggested they need to ask for - more money from the Rich.
Democrats want to close tax loopholes that benefit oil companies, and eliminate a tax preference that gives corporate aircraft a friendlier depreciation schedule than commercial aircraft. Additionally, Van Hollen said, Democrats were proposing to phase out tax deductions and certain credits for people making more than $500,000 a year. These would be paired with a reduction in the tax burden on lower earners, by eliminating existing limitations on their deductions. [...]
“The message Republicans sent was…unless we accept their lopsided approach…they're prepared to tank the economy,” Van Hollen said.
Apparently, they can do math too.
(CNN) Initially hailed as a hero after his death, Fox Lake, Illinois, police Lt. Joe Gliniewicz is now likely to be remembered by another label: a betrayer.
What once appeared to be the killing of an officer in the line of duty turned out to be "a carefully staged suicide," George Filenko, Lake County Major Crimes Task Force commander, said Wednesday.
"This staged suicide was the end result of extensive criminal acts that Gliniewicz had been committing," Filenko said, announcing the conclusions of the investigation into the officer's September 1 death.
The officer had been stealing and laundering money from a police department program that mentored young people hoping to become law enforcement officers, Filenko said. Gliniewicz, a leader in that program, had been stealing money for at least seven years, he said.
The investigation found that the officer, who had experience creating mock crime scenes, staged his suicide to make it look like a homicide.
The officer placed his equipment at the scene in an "attempt to mislead first responders and investigators to believe this was a homicide," Filenko said.
'Ultimate betrayal'
Far from being a hero, Gliniewicz "committed the ultimate betrayal" with his actions over the past several years, Filenko said. "He behaved for years in a manner completely contrary to the image he portrayed."
Another reversal occurred Wednesday. A group that gave Gliniewicz's family $15,000 asked for the money back.
The 100 Club, which assists families of first responders who lose their lives in the line of duty, said it "must stay true" to the group's mission.
Gliniewicz's family didn't reply to that request but issued a statement asking for privacy as it coped "with the loss of a beloved husband and father."
Gliniewicz was well known in Fox Lake. Before becoming a police officer, Gliniewicz served active duty in the Army and Reserve from 1980 to 2007, earning the nickname GI Joe from those who knew him. He left the military with a rank of first sergeant.
The initial assumptions shifted when investigators "didn't see anything to indicate there was a struggle physically" in the officer's death, Filenko said.
Investigators then found that the village of Fox Lake, north of Chicago, had started "a thorough internal audit of all of their assets" that Gliniewicz was concerned might unearth proof of his illicit financial activities, Filenko said.
Investigators recovered 6,500 text messages Gliniewicz had deleted, Filenko said, and looked at thousands of pages of bank statements that showed financial improprieties.
"We just went where the facts took us," he said.
The investigation indicates at least two others were involved in criminal activity, though that inquiry is ongoing, and police are not commenting further for now, he said.
Authorities released text messages Gliniewicz exchanged with unidentified people in which he discussed the Explorer Post, the youth organization sponsored by the police department. Gliniewicz wanted sponsorship moved to another organization so the city administrator would not scrutinize the post finances.
"Chief won't sign off to move it to american legion and if she gets ahold of the old checking account, im pretty well f***ed," a May 13 text said.
On June 25 he advised that same person "to start dumping money into that account or you will be visiting me in JAIL!! The 1600 and the 777 all came from there..."
At Wednesday's press briefing, Filenko was asked whether police allowed the narrative of Gliniewicz to spread, even as investigators started having doubts.
"We completely believed from day one that (the death of Gliniewicz) was a homicide," he said. "Our intention was never to mislead the public."
The last call
Gliniewicz was under increasing levels of stress from scrutiny into what the investigators found to be criminal activity, Filenko said.
The veteran officer had planned to retire in August, but he was asked to stay on for another month.
The last radio call of his more than 30 years on the job was anything but routine. It would signal the beginning of a mystery that stumped investigators for a time.
On the morning of September 1, the lieutenant sent word over his radio at 7:52 that he was pursuing a trio on foot. Three minutes later, he requested backup. Radio communication dropped off. Colleagues would not hear Gliniewicz's voice again.
The backups arrived about 8 a.m. and a few minutes later found Gliniewicz dead. His body was roughly 50 yards from his cruiser, police said.
Three people who appeared in a surveillance video near the crime scene were cleared of suspicion.
The shooting
Gliniewicz was wearing a bulletproof vest at the time he was shot, according to two law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation. One of the officials said two shots hit Gliniewicz -- one stopped by his bulletproof vest, and another entered his torso at a downward angle.
The officer's .40-caliber pistol was found at the scene. A source involved in the investigation told CNN in September that Gliniewicz's gun was fired, but it wasn't clear who pulled the trigger.
Lake County officials said the case was being handled as a homicide, but other theories remained on the table during the investigation, including the possibility of a self-inflicted fatal gunshot wound.
The coroner said he couldn't rule out a homicide, suicide or accident.
A massive manhunt was launched in the aftermath.
More than 400 law enforcement officers raked through the heavy woods near Fox Lake on foot, all-terrain vehicles and horseback.
The FBI, U.S. marshals and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives also helped in the hunt as well as police from adjoining areas. But eventually they pulled out, saying no suspects or persons of interest had been identified.
(Image: Science/AAAS) (Image: Science/AAAS) (Image: Science/AAAS)
By the late Cretaceous, about 80 million years ago, birds had evolved feathers for flying or diving, but they lived alongside dinosaurs with primitive feathers like hair. Both kinds of feathers have been found together, preserved in amber.
Advertisement
The feathers offer a snapshot of late Cretaceous life, says Ryan McKellar of the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Canada. He identified 11 pieces of amber from the same Canadian deposit, dating from 79 to 78 million years ago. Two were donated by amateur fossil hunters, and the rest had sat unremarked in a museum for 15 years.
The amber, which is fossilised resin, contains fragments of feather between 2 and 8 millimetres long that were probably blown in as the resin dribbled down a tree trunk. Although small, they are exquisitely preserved.
The dinosaur feathers are primitive, thin filaments that look similar to mammalian hair but are much thinner and lack the scales that cover ordinary hair. Some appear to have been arranged evenly in a pelt, while others are in tufts. Their colour ranges from medium to dark brown. McKellar thinks the simple feathers helped keep dinosaurs warm, and endured until the animals died out.
By contrast, the preserved bird feathers resemble those of modern birds. McKellar says some are clearly flight feathers, in line with fossil evidence that flight had evolved long before 80 million years ago.
Others have a coiled design that would have absorbed water. Modern grebes have similar feathers to help them dive into water, suggesting that the Cretaceous feathers served the same purpose.
The co-existence of groups with primitive and advanced feathers had been suspected, but McKellar's find is proof, says Mark Norell of the American Museum of Natural History in New York.
Journal reference: Science, DOI: 10.1126/science.1203344
GENEVA — A senior North Korean envoy said Thursday that his country was ready to resume six-party talks on its nuclear program, but must maintain its readiness in the face of joint military exercises between the United States and South Korea.
In an interview, North Korea's ambassador to the United Nations, So Se-pyong, also said that his country was not planning a nuclear test and that reports that its leader, Kim Jong-un, was ill were “fabricated rumors.”
The negotiations over North Korea's nuclear program have stalled, but in Geneva, Mr. So said, “We are ready,” adding, “I think China and Russia and the D.P.R.K. are ready,” referring to his country, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. He continued: “But America, they don't like that kind of talks right now. Because America does not like that, so that's why the countries like South Korea, Japan also are not ready for those talks.”
North Korea promised to abandon its nuclear program in 2005, but it appeared to renege on the agreement when it tested nuclear devices in 2006 and 2009.
Ireland's prettiest ghost estate: Quaint £700,000 thatched cottages sit empty because no one can afford them
While estate agents in England are selling an average of one home a week as the housing slump worsens, property developers in Ireland are also feeling the strain.
As its economy lies in tatters - the so-called Celtic Tiger now kept alive by an 85billion euro bailout - residents across the country have one reminder of the good old times.
Ghost estates have become a new feature of the Irish landscape, with hundreds of newly built properties lying empty after the crash.
The revelations come as Britain's Treasury, which has already given £7billion to Ireland during its bailout, today stands accused of sneaking through an extra contribution to the International Monetary Fund of £9.2billion.
Ghost estate: Auctioneers say the properties on the St James Wood estate in Stradbally, Ireland, are now more likely to fetch 200,000 euros than the stated asking price of 800,000 euros
Overgrown: Tatty lawns at the St James Wood estate, in Co Waterford The IMF increase, detailed in a low-key government order, is on top of the £12.5billion Britain has already committed to protecting the Eurozone. But despite attempts to boost the Irish economy, the sad sight of developments such as the St James Wood estate in the village of Stradbally continue to crop up.
The estate consists of 15 gorgeous thatched cottages, all of them lying empty. RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
Next We're only halfway through seven lean years, warns Governor... Britain increases IMF contribution by £9bn as cost of euro... Share this article Share Perhaps the fact that they started at an asking price of 820,000 euros (£700,000) each, when auctioneers say they are now worth just 200,000 euros (£175,000), is the reason they lie empty.
But nevertheless, what were intended as idyllic holiday homes are now in danger of being overrun with weeds and the lawns are yellow and dead.
Ghost estate: Vandals have attacked fencing in the gardens of the cottages Seen better times: Each cottage originally had an expertly landscaped garden
Vandals have also broken handrails and fences in the back gardens.
The cottages were initially finished to the highest standard with an Irish wild flower specialist brought in to landscape the garden and each cottage fitted with an Aga cooker and plenty of exposed timber.
What can be done with such a folly?
Some of the local community are rather blunt in their assessment.
'Knock 'em down,' one resident told the Irish Times adding that he was surprised the developer built all 15 in one go.
'Funny he didn't just build one or two, sell them and then build some more.'
'Come back in a few years,' another resident says.
'They could be squats and you'd only get a few grand for them. I'll take 'em. I'll put some cattle in 'em or goats to eat the weeds!'
But if you ask developer Pat McCoy, it was so nearly not like this.
The Conference Board of Canada has recently updated its Health Outcomes by Country report cards using the latest data from the OECD. They score themselves a B. Guess which country is at the bottom of the list?
The details are here. I wrote about a prior version of this report card in 2010.
Interestingly, the U.S. is near the top (2nd) in self-reported health status–we say we're healthy–but in all other measure we're near the middle or bottom of the pack. Canada, as it turns out is number one in self-reported health status, despite having relatively little to crow about itself (other than, perhaps, being not as bad as the U.S.). Looks like North America has a superiority complex. On the other hand, it's hard for dead people answer survey questions. The U.S. is last in infant mortality (Canada is nearly so) and life expectancy.
@afrakt
Share this...
email
Tweetable
Sony's PlayStation Network has been hit by a glitch that has left users on all continents unable to connect to the online service, the company said Monday.
More: Visit PCWorld's Game On Blog for hands-on coverage of the issue, and all the latest updates.
The PlayStation Network is an Internet-based service that connects PlayStation 3 consoles to online stores, software downloads and is used as a platform for some multiplayer online games. It has about 38 million users worldwide.
The problem appears to be affecting only the older PlayStation 3 consoles and not the newer so-called "slim" models that were recently launched, according to messages on Twitter.
First reports of the problem began appearing online at around 4pm PST on Sunday, and acknowledgement came from Sony's U.S. unit in the form of a blog and Twitter posting.
"We're aware that many of you are having difficulty connecting to the PlayStation Network this evening," said Jeff Rubenstein, social media manager for Sony Computer Entertainment America, on the company's blog.
"Know that we have narrowed down the issue and have engineers working to restore service even as you read this," he wrote.
But the company's Tokyo headquarters said shortly afterwards that it had yet to determine the problem that had caused so many consoles to be denied access to the network.
The Twitter channel was filled with messages from PlayStation 3 owners. The vast majority of the messages expressed anger at Sony and many Twitter users turned to profanities to express their feelings towards the glitch.
"We're narrowing down the issue and continue to work to restore service to all. Updates as soon as we have them," the company said on its @SonyPlayStation Twitter channel.
As of time of writing, shortly before 9 a.m. GMT, the channel had gone about five hours without any updates. The lack of information appears to have frustrated other users.
"You guys still working on this?," said Twitter user ChrisJStone. "I thanked you on updates, but I assumed you'd... make more. Don't want to lose customers."
CLANCY OVERELL | Editor | CONTACT
Political emergency crews have confirmed that Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is safe this morning, after his king-sized bed lit on fire for the second time since he took over from Tony Abbott as Prime Minister.
“It happened this time last year” said one respondent.
“I don't know how he goes about stopping this. But it's not good for his poll numbers”
“He's either got to stop the bed from burning entirely, or burn the whole fucking house down”
Speaking at an Australia Day barbecue in Canberra earlier in the day, Mr Turnbull paid respect to the First Australians but said his Government did not support changing the date.
“There are bigger issues than the date of Australia Day.” he said.
Mr Turnbull spoke about the importance of unity and inclusion in his speech at the official flag raising and citizenship ceremony in Canberra earlier.
The protesters disbanded peacefully after two hours, with one stating that “Fuck Tony Abbott” rolls off the tongue much easier than “Fuck Malcolm Turnbull”.
“We'll give him another year” they said.
“If he doesn't come good on his promises we'll have to rattle out an extra syllable.”
Nov 16, 2014; Chicago, IL, USA; Minnesota Vikings running back Jerick McKinnon (31) reacts to a play against the Chicago Bears during the first half at Soldier Field. Mandatory Credit: Mike DiNovo-USA TODAY Sports
‘Of Course' Adrian Peterson Wants To Remain With Vikings by Adam Carlson
Saturday night Vikings RB Jerick McKinnon picked up the mic at Xcel Energy Center and kicked off the Minnesota Wild game with a spirited “Let's Play Hockey.”
It can't be a coincidence that the Wild followed that up by taking a quick 1-0 lead over the Colorado Avalanche. McKinnon got the team and everybody else all fired up.
Of course McKinnon isn't the first Vikings player to perform the traditional “Let's Play Hockey” call. Adrian Peterson, Christian Ponder and Cordarrelle Patterson have all taken their turns.
And so did former Vikings mascot Mub Meeds.
In the future if somebody asks you “What do Jerick McKinnon and Hub Meeds have in common,” you'll know the answer.
Here's hoping we get to see more of McKinnon on the field next year. It was fun watching him in his rookie season until injury knocked him out.
A young teacher was killed and three others wounded Friday in separate PKK attacks in the Kozluk district of Turkey's southeastern Batman province.
PKK terrorists initially fired shots at a car carrying lawyer Muhammet Işık, the nephew of the Municipality President Veysi Işık.
Işık was not wounded in the attack, which was carried out from another vehicle. Teacher Şenay Aybüke Yalçın, traveling in a third vehicle at the scene, was killed by the gunfire, and another teacher in the same car was wounded.
22-year-old Yalçın made a Facebook post in October celebrating her appointment as a music teacher to a public school in Batman.
Prior to the shooting, a vehicle filled with explosives was used to attack a police station in the district, wounding three people.
Ambulances and security forces rushed to the scene following the car bomb explosion.
One civilian and two soldiers were injured in the attack. The wounded were immediately taken by ambulance to the Batman Regional State Hospital, where medical professionals treated their injuries.
Images from the scene show that the explosion blew a crater in the ground outside the police station and broke the windows of homes and workplaces across a radius of around 1 kilometer. Security forces have cordoned off the scene and begun their investigations.
First indications suggest that the PKK terrorist organization targeted the police station with the explosive-laden vehicle. Upon reaching the checkpoint some distance from the police station, the terrorists detonated the vehicle.
Security officials launched a widespread investigation to capture terrorists in the area following the incident, closing the Kozluk Batman motorway to traffic.
Tensions were high at police station after the incident, with local citizens ignoring the police warning to vacate the area in case of a second explosion. When the citizens insisted on staying by the station, the police fired shots into the air to disperse the crowd.
The PKK is listed as a terrorist organization by Turkey, the U.S. and EU, and resumed its decades-long armed campaign against the Turkish state in July 2015.
Since then, the terror organization has been responsible for the deaths of some 1,200 security personnel and civilians, including women and children, while more than 4,000 security personnel and over 2,000 civilians have been injured.
Advertisement Monarchs Sold from Kings to Boston Owners Share Copy Link Copy
Monarchs Press Release:The LA Kings and AEG announced today an agreement to sell their ECHL affiliate, the Manchester Monarchs, to PPI Sports LLC, a Boston-based ownership group led by Marc Casper. Manchester Monarchs President Matt Welch and LA Kings President, Luc Robitaille, announced the agreement today.“The Manchester Monarchs are a tremendous organization with a deep history of success both on and off of the ice, and the LA Kings and AEG would like to thank the City of Manchester and the Monarchs for 16 successful years of affiliation,” said Robitaille. “Despite the transition of ownership, the Kings look forward to maintaining our relationship with the new ownership group of the Monarchs and continuing the development of LA Kings prospects in Manchester.”The Monarchs have posted winning seasons in each of their 16 years in Manchester, highlighted by a Calder Cup Championship in 2015 and finishing as ECHL East Division Champions in 2016.“We are extremely excited about the purchase of the Monarchs,” said Casper. “As long-time residents of New England, we are proud of and committed to building upon Manchester's great hockey tradition. We look forward to meeting and interacting with fans, working with the business community, and helping the greater Manchester area through the Monarchs Care Foundation.”The purchasing group also includes John Nies who joins the organization as Vice Chairman, and Brian Cheek, who will serve as the group's CEO.“I am thrilled to join my passion for hockey with the incredible business experience of our ownership group to build on the Monarchs' long history of success,” said Cheek. “I look forward to working alongside Matt Welch and the rest of the staff and team here in Manchester.”Welch, a native of Manchester, will remain with the team he has worked for since 2001, and will continue to serve as its President.“This is a very exciting next step in the evolution of our franchise,” said Welch. “I'm energized by our new ownership group's commitment to the success of our franchise and even more so by their desire to play a key role in the community. Professional hockey in Manchester is in good hands for many years to come.”­Tommy George with The Sports Advisory Group assisted PPI Sports LLC in the transition. The sale is subject to approval by the ECHL Board of Governors, which is expected later this week.
President Donald Trump on Thursday announced the United States will withdraw from the Paris climate change accord, which he called unfair to America. He said he “was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris.” (Published Thursday, June 1, 2017)
After President Donald Trump announced that the United States would withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, former President Barack Obama issued a statement in response to the decision.
President Obama, who was in office when the agreement was finalized in 2015, disagreed with Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the accords.
"A year and a half ago, the world came together in Paris around the first-ever global agreement to set the world on a low-carbon course and protect the world we leave to our children," he said. "Simply put, the private sector already chose a low-carbon future.
"And for the nations that committed themselves to that future, the Paris Agreement opened the floodgates for businesses, scientists, and engineers to unleash high-tech, low-carbon investment and innovation on an unprecedented scale," he continued.
Trump Overturns Climate Regulations, Cites 'War on Coal'
President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Tuesday aimed at overturning environmental regulations and reviving the coal industry. Trump also railed against a so-called "War on Coal" as well as general federal regulations in his speech prior to signing the order, promising to strike down regulations in every industry by the "thousands." (Published Tuesday, March 28, 2017)
According to reports, the United States will begin a four-year process of withdrawing from the agreement, with the final date for withdrawal set for 2020.
Republican lawmakers, including Vice President Mike Pence, were quick to offer support for the decision by President Trump, who made withdrawing or renegotiating the Paris accord one of his stances during the campaign.
"Our President is choosing to put American jobs, American consumers, American energy, and American industry first," Pence said in a tweet supporting the decision.
House Speaker Paul Ryan also spoke out in favor of the decision, calling the Paris accord "a raw deal for America" on his Twitter feed.
Even though some Republican lawmakers support the decision by the president, Obama says that the decision to withdraw from the agreement is a step in the wrong direction, and one that will have an adverse effect on the country.
"The nations that remain in the Paris Agreement will be the nations that reap the benefits in jobs and industries created," he said. "I believe the United States of America should be at the front of the pack. I'm confident that our states, cities, and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way, and help protect for future generations the one planet we've got."
A DAY IN THE LIFE OF ANCIENT ROME by Alberto Angela
Book Quote:
“The Thracian keeps running back and forth in front of his opponent, stopping and swaying his body, squatting like a cat. Then he suddenly springs forward, jumping onto the ‘wall' of the murmillo's shield, and tries to strike him on the neck, unleashing a terrible right hook. The murmillo ducks and the blow glances off the top of his helmet, emitting a dry, metallic clang. The crowd explodes, chanting hoc habet, hoc habet (‘now he strikes him, now he strikes him').”
Book Review:
Reviewed by Kirstin Merrihew (JUN 21, 2009)
What would A Day in the Life of Ancient Rome be if we didn't slip in with the throngs to see the free, first-century amphitheater “entertainment” ourselves? We do, and we wait for the brutal show to begin. “And finally there they are: the gladiators. The crowd is delirious. You have to cover your ears to shield them from the noise. For a second, you have the impression that even the Colosseum could collapse under the shouting and beating feet of tens of thousands of spectators….But it is horrifying to think that all this has been achieved solely for the purpose of producing spectacles of death.”
As we know, instead of violent movies and video games, Imperial Rome settled for real violence — their “reality shows.” Bloody executions, ordered by the State and often administered at the teeth and claws of ferocious animals, were scheduled earlier in the day. Lavish mortal hand-to-hand combat scenarios, sponsored by wealthy patricians who hoped to gain popular political support, were an inextricable later part of a typical day in the then largest city in the world.
But knowing isn't the same as “being there.” Alberto Angela, author and TV science show host, gets us a ticket with a seat number so we can witness, amongst other matches, a mortal struggle between a murmillo (a “fish man”) and a retiarius. “This couple symbolically represents the fisherman, equipped with a net, trident, and dagger, and the fish…which hides among the rocks, ready to unleash its lethal bite (exactly like this type of gladiator, hiding behind his enormous shield).” Angela neglects nothing of the atmosphere; the Colosseum lives and breathes with the agonies in the arena and the audience's chants of “now he strikes him, how he strikes him.” And as we watch the fray, Angela also teaches us vocabulary and showers us with facts galore. He is our guide, our instructor in this deadly place.
Fortunately for the less bloodthirsty readers, this day tour introduces (or reacquaints) us with many others aspects of Roman life. After a chapter to orient us in the 115 CE Trajan Empire, Angela confidently leads us through the hours beginning with a predawn survey of the dark, silent streets of Rome. Then he proceeds to show us the home of an upper class family whose denizens are awakening, We find out how togas are wrapped around the human figure, the grooming secrets for both men and women, and what they eat for breakfast. As the day begins in public, we “watch” a barber scrape men's faces and then wander out to see the rest of the shops opening. We pass by a temple, and then observe games in the street and school being held outdoors. We go inside an apartment building housing common people and see how their lives contrast with those of the privileged we viewed earlier. There is a cattle auction at the Boarian Forum, and a slave market. Then we arrive at the Roman Forum and catch a brief glimpse of the Senate. It isn't lunchtime yet, but the Colosseum is already in business, and we will hear about or see it a few times today. Meanwhile, a visit to a public restroom demystifies how the Romans coped in the pre-toilet paper era. We catch sight of the historian Tacitus in a bookshop that also serves as a publishing house. After fortifying ourselves with a light repast but refusing some of the other “wares” (aka, sex) for sale in a small food bar, we set off, along with many others, to the baths and cleanse ourselves. Then, after the adrenaline rush of the gladiatorial games, we follow the litters of a domus and his wife as they go to a banquet We watch them recline and consume such Roman delicacies as “flamingo tongues, parrotfish livers, peacock and pheasant brains, and ‘milk' from a moray eel.” These banquets can last for hours, but often Romans will be home before dark to avoid street robbers. Finally before we bid Rome good-bye, there is some information about Roman sexual practices, but our voyeurism doesn't go too far.
A Day in the Life of Ancient Rome produces a remarkably illustrative overview of how Romans of that time lived. Angela has succeeded at delivering a large quantity of information with an affable, inviting style (he even patriotically and endearingly interjects that spaghetti is in fact an Italian invention; the Chinese created their own version independently, according to him). As he declares in his introduction, “But actually there is a trick to acquiring a real understanding of the everyday life in these sites. Pay attention to the details: the signs of wear on the steps, the graffiti inscribed on the plaster walls (Pompeii is full of them), the grooves left in the pavement by cart wheels or the scratches on the marble doorsill of a house, caused by the movement of the (long since vanished) front door.” He is a stickler for incorporating such observations into his tour.
Gregory Conti has translated Angela's original Italian work into English for Europa Editions. Occasionally an oddity comes up in the specific words chosen. For instance, the use of “couple” when referring to the pair of gladiators. Whether this and a few examples are the result of literal translations of Angela's own malapropisms or Conti's “mistranslations” isn't clear when relying only on the English text. In any case, only a few noticeable phrases or words gather under this umbrella. Overwhelmingly, the language conveys crisply and clearly the ancient Roman environment.
And the instructive illustrations, drawn by Luca Tarlazzi and strategically scattered throughout the book, very helpfully augment various lessons: for example, there is a chart of Roman hand signals used for counting, mainly in business transactions. Although some of the particulars have been lost in the mists of history, supposedly Romans could count to 10,000 using these signs — using their hands something like an abacus.
It is the many facts like this that particularly suggest this book as a fine introduction to ancient Rome for young people. Perhaps some schools will choose to use it as a textbook. However, that isn't to imply that A Day in the Life of Ancient Rome isn't for adult edification. Anyone who has enjoyed fictional jaunts to Rome through historical novels by authors such as Colleen McCullough, Steven Saylor, Lindsey Davis, or Robert Harris will likely be fascinated with the chance to tag along on Angela's tour. I thoroughly enjoyed it. And it is also a very useful supplement to heavier histories of Rome. As others read this book, perhaps they will think as I did, of one thing that might have further strengthened this offering: even more detail about, for example, the actual building of some of the wonders of Roman architecture. Or, more about the inner workings of the Senate or a court trial. But this volume is close to four hundred pages, so if we want further study materials, we can always consult Angela's bibliography and other reference works.
Now, in Angela's words, “And so concludes our day in the life of imperial Rome. An ordinary day, almost two thousand years ago.” We've received a gift — a chance to peek into many magnificent spaces and some rather creepy crevices. The last chapter closes at midnight: “As we walk down the street, there is an unreal silence. A silence broken only by the sound of the water flowing in a neighborhood fountain, just a few yards away. The sound of the falling water is our only company.”
AMAZON READER RATING: from 13 readers PUBLISHER: Europa Editions (May 26, 2009) REVIEWER: Kirstin Merrihew
AVAILABLE AS A KINDLE BOOK? Not Yet AUTHOR WEBSITE: Wikipedia page on Alberto Angela; Gregory Conti translator EXTRAS: ——— MORE ON MOSTLYFICTION: More early Roman Empire (in Fiction):The Accusers by Lindsey Davis Alexandria by Lindsey Davis Hadrian's Wall by William Dietrich
Bibliography:
One of the most transformative technologies of the past few decades is the evolution of modular platforms. We started with big bricks, moved on to flip phones, and are now in an era of pocketable computers. They're multimedia Legos, capable of running apps, acting as the brains for hardware add-ons, and interacting wirelessly with other objects.
Borre Akkersdijk is trying to replicate that same evolution with clothing. Over the past few years, he's created several proof-of-concept pieces that reimagine clothing as input devices, Wi-Fi routers, and air purifiers. Depending on where his pieces are showcased, he switches up their technological functions to solve location-based problems.
Akkersdijk, who describes himself as a textile designer, studied at Eindhoven Design Academy in the Netherlands and the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City. After school, he began experimenting with different kinds of knitting techniques, and a few years ago he was asked to help solve a common problem with the first wave of truly wearable technology.
“The Technical University of Eindhoven were doing a huge project called CRISP on smart textiles, and they bumped into the same problem every time,” Akkersdijk explains. “They were just sticking the technology onto the textile. It was just sort of a sandwich. And they were looking for new ways and base layers to put their sensor technology into.”
Using circular knitting machines that were originally built for making mattresses, Akkersdijk already made his creations pretty thick. That was one of the main draws to his technique: The thickness made it perfect for embedding and protecting fairly large sensors, as well as running wires within the clothing.
ByBorre
The university simply wanted to use some of Akkersdijk's thick-cut fabric to embed sensors and run wires through without much external evidence. “They could cut them open and put in the bulky sensor technology—you wouldn't feel it anymore, because it's more just like a material,” he explains. But although Akkersdijk was interested, he didn't think that would totally solve the problem.
“I said I like the idea, but if we're going to go this way, I want to develop it,” Akkersdijk says. “I want to look into conducting yarns, into the sensor technology, and how you want to embed it. So what we started to do is, within the production process, is knit the conducting yarns in.”
The first project that would inspire Akkersdijk's model for the future of wearables wasn't even a wearable at all. In 2013, Akkersdijk worked with the Technical University of Eindhoven on a pillow that helps people with severe dementia communicate. He did this by designing a thick padded shell with internal motors, so that patients could share their gestures with a person holding the other side of the pillow.
“They don't speak anymore,” Akkersdijk says. “So what they do is they sit, and they want to touch and they want to move, and they go back to their childhood senses … We thought we'd make a pillow that they can feel, that they can put on each other's lap, and it vibrates on one side when you touch it and exactly the same on the other side. It's sort of a new kind of communication. You could feel what the other person was doing and sort of touch each other's hands.”
In 2014, the pillow prompted the interest of SXSW organizers, who wanted Akkersdijk to bring it to the show for a demo. Government programs in the Netherlands made it happen: Jan Kennis, cultural attache of the Netherlands to the U.S., has a unique job—he's essentially a talent scout for Dutch creative professionals who work to find them audiences in the U.S.
“Our network is to know what's going on, who is who, and who might be interested to program Dutch art,” says Kennis, who is living in Brooklyn on a four-year contract. “It can be a museum, it can be pop music, anything. So my task is to find American institutes, get them interested in Dutch art, and maybe have them pay for it as well. It's very much about connecting to our culture.”
BYBORRE
Kennis found out about Akkersdijk and his project through a former coworker and thought SXSW would be a good “strategic fair” to showcase his work. But Akkersdijk wanted to make a bigger splash than just showing off his pillow.
“I thought ‘come on, man,'” Akkersdijk says. “Twitter was launched here, Foursquare was launched there, and I'm going to go there like ‘hello I have a pillow'? A pillow. And I have to explain every time “yeah, it's for people with dementia,” and the people there don't have dementia. So I thought what am I going to do? So I said guys, I'm a designer and I do huge shows. I'm going to make a suit with the conducting yarns and I called some people to ask what SXSW was about.”
Friends who'd been to SXSW told him that finding a reliable Wi-Fi hotspot was a common problem at the festival. Because his colleagues wouldn't be attending the show, they also wanted to be able to follow him on a map. And because SXSW is primarily a music festival, he thought there needed to be a musical component to the project. Luckily, some friends working for 22 Tracks, had an idea (as well as the potential for a promotional hook).
Thus, the BB.Suit was born. The BB.Suit is a 3D-knitted onesie with a battery pack, a Wi-Fi access point, a GPS tracker hooked up to a Google Maps interface, and a crowdsourced playlist that people could access and add to once they connected to it.
As to the design, Akkersdijk says he had good reason for creating it as a onesie. “There's a larger space for extra technology,” he says. “But if you make just a simple, normal sweater, people are going to see it as a normal sweater. The moment you create a sort of suit that has a space age look, people are going to ask questions. The moment they ask questions, you can tell your story. So it was really an interaction we wanted to grab.”
It worked. The suit grabbed the attention of organizers for Beijing Design Week, but Akkersdijk still didn't think the SXSW version of the suit was a good fit. Once again, he looked at the location of the show and tried to come up with a contextual conundrum for it to tackle.
“In Beijing, there was a really obvious thing that people had to deal with: smog and pollution,” Akkersdijk says. “We went to one of the circular knitting companies (in Shanghai) that developed everything for Nike and was working with Apple years back for wearable tech that didn't totally go through. They said come to our lab, and we will help to develop it and all the different kinds of air filters.”
Akkersdijk found a research group from Germany that was making cold-plasma ionization units for car air-conditioning systems—somewhat bulky ones, but he figured the suit was going to be a bit bulky anyway. The benefit to that chunky unit was that it could clean up to 30 square meters—around 100 square feet—of polluted air around the user. He also decided the suit needed an air filter, one that “looked into the airspace” and gave a reading of how much smog was around you.
The system worked, and the design was slicker and more refined than his previous projects, but mass-marketing this air-freshening suit isn't the goal nor the point.
BYBORRE
“It's just a proof of concept,” Akkersdijk says. “The intention was the same as SXSW, to make something that was just a path. Hey, it's again the location, the aesthetics, the technology, that comes together—it's not about one of those things, it's about the concept of making a platform on and around the body. It can do something different in every location.”
Akkersdijk also sees these projects as the very first step to the ultimate goal for wearables: To enable communication in an organic, smartphone-free way. In order to make clothing a true platform in the way smartphones and computers have become, he is talking to research centers and large Dutch companies such as Philips and NXP about creating threads that host their own sensors, eliminating bulk and making smart clothing that's as simple as using “smart” thread—something Google is notably working on as well.
Until then, he says that most current-generation wearables aren't really wearables ("They're more like 'carryables'… you still have to input things yourself”), though there are early signs of a new era of computing and communication in the Apple Watch.
“Communication has always been the drive for technology,” he says. “The Apple Watch is the first one that realizes we don't need to type everything in. Siri is working, but now they are talking about if you have to go left, it's one vibration, and if you have to go right, it's two. That means you're starting to think about communication on the whole body. And I think body language, and the heartbeat sharing, I think new ways of communication is what I want to get to. I want to say hi to my girlfriend just by rubbing my sleeve. Or you walk into a space where you have never been, and you need to go to the toilet… imagine that your body already reads that and is able to direct you to the nearest toilet. Little things like that.”
Before the smaller-scale technology is available that will enable those next-generation features, Akkersdijk is already conducting experiments that use sensor-laden clothing to transmit thoughts and feelings. He recently did a presentation in which he wore a special sweater loaded with heart rate, location, and other sensors that helped gauge his own energy levels. Some of the audience members were also hooked up to sensors themselves.
“Some were wearing hand sensors,” Akkersdijk says. “So suddenly, we saw livestreamed, on a huge screen next to me, [whether] people liked my presentation or not. If they were engaged or not. We had a whole series of balloons next to us, and each was linked to a person. If the person was not engaged, the balloon went down to a needle and popped. Luckily, none of them popped, but the whole idea was that we wanted to show what was going to happen if you don't have to tell any device how you're feeling.”
Being able to display personal "feelings" could lead to a whole new level of privacy invasion, but according to Akkersdijk, the results of his experiment were telling. He polled the audience members that declined to wear hand sensors, and most of them regretted not wearing them. They initially wanted to safeguard how they really felt, but then wanted to see their own readings alongside everyone else's.
“You need privacy to be a human being. The whole thing was, you need to be able to say yes or no to it. People want their privacy but they are also curious," Akkersdijk says. “We need to discover. But it needs to be a decision, just like people turn location off when they don't want to be found.”
Aereo is aggressively expanding its streaming broadcast TV service — a setback in Chicago notwithstanding — but so too are angry broadcasters expanding the reach of their lawsuits in an attempt to shut down Aereo's business. The latest battleground is Utah, where Fox, CBS, and local TV affiliates have just filed a lawsuit in district court.
As before, the broadcasters claim that Aereo is retransmitting their valuable content without their permission, and without paying a fee. "No amount of technological gimmickry by Aereo changes the fundamental principle of copyright law that those who wish to retransmit copyrighted broadcasts may do so only with the copyright owners' authority," the broadcasters charge.
Expect a drawn-out legal battle
In New York, Aereo actually already won just such a case, and a Boston judge seems inclined to side with Aereo as well, but Fox and CBS are adamant that Aereo can't go unchallenged. They're seeking a Supreme Court decision on the matter, and might have an easier time of that if they can convince a different circuit court to disagree on how the matter should be handled. However, they may not need to win a victory against Aereo itself. If they can continue to successfully challenge other companies that adopt the same business model — using tiny TV antennas to let subscribers access the airwaves — legal experts believe that they could provoke a Supreme Court decision anyhow.
Even should lawsuits fail, broadcasters have more options. Aereo's CEO believes that the TV networks will go to Congress if necessary, and both CBS and News Corp have threatened to drop broadcast TV altogether if Aereo isn't stopped. Even if the chances of that seem slim, it goes to show how much of a threat the networks feel that Aereo really poses.
When producing a garment, roughly 50 to 60 percent of the cost comes from the raw materials, according to Brian Ehrig, retail strategist at Kurt Salmon. Another 20 to 30 percent is tied to labor, with the remainder of the expense attributable to transportation, duties and other supply chain costs. That means, when combining the fabric's price with shipping expenses, the majority of a garment's cost is directly related to the material.
Though cotton prices have remained relatively stable over the past few years — and are nearly a quarter what they were at their all-time high in 2011 — the cost of labor is rising in the double digits, Ehrig said. That presents retailers with two popular options to protect their margins. They can either shift production to lower-cost countries in Southeast Asia — despite the potential implications it could have on worker conditions — or use lower-cost materials.
"If the consumer isn't going to pay more for the same product and the input prices are rising, or at least a few are rising double digits, they have to cut somewhere," Ehrig said. "Raw materials, because that's where the cost is, that's one of the levers they have to pull."
The Chinese government is getting serious about ending the state's parasitic role in the Chinese economy, reports the New York Times.
Again.
Here's the latest: Following a recent speech by Chinese premier Li Keqiang setting out the reform agenda, the government published a list of policies that would rebalance the economy away from exports and, more critically, investment, and toward consumption. Interest rate liberalization, deepening of the capital market, loosening of foreign exchange restrictions—these and other hoped-for items all made the docket.
But these proposals have been mooted for ages, with little to show for it. That's in large part because meaningful reform hinges on freeing up the flow, allocation and pricing of capital. Though letting the market price capital might, for instance, raise deposit rates—a big boost to household wealth and, therefore, rebalancing—it could also mean less lending. And since the government's use of lending as a policy tool is what's keeping GDP growth above 7%, the economy would sputter.
It's that trade-off that makes Patrick Chovanec, chief strategist at Silvercrest Asset Management, skeptical about imminent reform. It's not that the government isn't aware of how hard reform will be, he says, pointing to Li's remark last March that market reform would “be very painful and even feel like cutting one's wrist.”
“Premier Li has been saying the right things for the last year,” Chovanec tells Quartz, noting that lending has nonetheless surged. “[But] to really have reform would mean that the government can't control the cost of capital and the allocation of capital. Are they willing to do that?”
Ceding that control would also mean reckoning with untold billions in local government debt. Plus, China's banks are supplying that, and because rolled-over loans aren't counted as bad debt on their balance sheets, no one really knows how big that problem really is.
This is just one reason that banks are “not prepared in the slightest” for the opening up of the capital account, says Alistair Thornton, economist in the Beijing office of IHS, an economic research firm. “Most importantly…banks need to be commercialized, and freed from policy interference,” Thornton tells Quartz. ”[The government] wouldn't be able to open up the capital account without either first or simultaneously liberalizing the financial/banking sector. The risks to the system would be far too large.”
Perhaps coincidentally, on Thursday Reuters reported that Li quashed a $6.5 trillion urbanization plan because it would push up debt and further inflate local real estate bubbles. But on Friday, the State Council Development Research Center scoffed at the report over Sina Weibo, saying, “As far as we know, this news isn't right. Urbanization is still in the drafting process and hasn't yet been published, so how could it be rejected?” (link in Chinese).
It's hard to tell what's really going on there. Either way, though, it's unfortuntate. Stymying that plan would have been an aggressive shift away from China's investment addiction. But until those sacrifices start to happen, it's probably better not to expect more than speeches and lists.
Real Housewives of Orange County star Tamra Barney has been making it quite obvious she would love for Eddie Judge to be her baby daddy so is the reality star actually pregnant? Well-that's what Tamra wants you to believe! She took to Instagram and Facebook to share the news that she is expecting..sort of. She posted the following photo below writing, “@bravoandy we've got something to talk about tomorrow night. Thank you Jesus ???? #blessing”
Tamra will be appearing on Andy's Watch What Happens Live tonight so we will see whether Tamra confirms the news. It could also be Tamra's son who is expecting and if it is-what a pathetic thing to do! I feel that if Tamra was really pregnant, she would have a magazine or media outlet announce it not do it so casually. Do you think Tamra is expecting?
Follow Us On Twitter Here
Follow Us On Instagram Here
And Like Us On Facebook Here
Chepko Codeine is not safe for children.
Codeine is not safe to give to kids.
The American Academy of Pediatrics issued a statement this week urging parents and doctors to stop giving children under the age of 18 both prescription and over-the-counter medications that include codeine, such as cough syrup and pain relievers.
“People have this very false misconception about codeine, thinking that it's safer than other opioids,” Dr. Joseph Tobias, one of the study's lead authors, told The Huffington Post. “Our whole push for writing this manuscript was to educate clinicians and push regulatory boards to pull codeine off the market for pediatric patients.”
In a review article published in the October issue of Pediatrics which prompted the AAP's statement, leading U.S. researchers found codeine to be linked to rare but life-threatening and fatal breathing reactions in children. The study highlighted U.S. Food and Drug Administration data on adverse effects of both codeine and combined codeine and acetaminophen medications. Adverse effects reported to the FDA included 64 cases of severe respiratory depression and 24 codeine-related deaths ― 21 of which were in children under 12 ― over a 50-year period.
Despite this, codeine is still found in over-the-counter cough suppressants in 28 states and the District of Columbia. According to the AAP's statement, 800,000 children under the age of 11 were prescribed codeine between 2007 and 2011.
Ear, nose and throat specialists, especially those who removed tonsils and adenoids, prescribed 19.6 percent of the 800,000 prescriptions, making them the most likely to administer the drug. Dentists were the second most likely to prescribe at 13.3 percent.
How codeine can be lethal
Codeine is a “prodrug,” which means it needs our bodies to become active. When people take a medication with codeine, enzymes in their livers transform codeine into a morphine-derivative to dull down pain, according to Dr. Rebecca Rosenberg, hospitalist and assistant professor of pediatrics at NYU Langone Medical Center, who was not involved in the study. But every body is different and, for some, that enzyme can be overactive, creating too much of the morphine-derivative. This, in turn, can slow down breathing and respiratory function and even lead to death.
On the other hand, some people don't produce enough of the enzyme, said Rosenberg, in which case they receive absolutely no relief. Unlike other opioid drugs, codeine is unique in that it can only be broken down this one specific way.
Children are specifically less capable of metabolizing codeine than adults because the enzyme changes as the body matures into adulthood. There is a lab test to determine the status of this enzyme, but with so many other choices for pain medication it seems easier to simply not use codeine, said Rosenberg. The study authors urge parents and clinicians to reach for other pain relievers such as Motrin, Tylenol and Ibuprofen instead.
“There is no benefit to codeine and potential risk, and it makes little medical sense to be using this in children,” said Rosenberg. “Codeine is also not that effective as a pain medication. Very few people respond to it.”
In 2013, the FDA placed a “black box” warning on codeine to warn doctors against using it to ease pain for children after surgery. The AAP's recent statement comes after more than a decade of evidence that codeine is not safe for use.
WOW! A DD!!! I just thought to check and thank for the comments and favs, but I actually did not expect this wonderful surprise!THANK YOU VERY MUCH!And of course thanks to all who have commented/faved or will do so in the future... I know that it won't be easy to answer each one from now one!!!THANK YOU!I have felt as I was divided in two different persons for a long time: a good, happy, nice and positive person, and a dark, sad, hungry, negative one.I guess that all the people have different aspects inside of them, and it's not easy to accept those that we consider "not good".But it's only when we accept the negative part of us, and let it be reunited to the positive one (as by a zip bringing them together), that we can really be ourselves, and happy.CREDITSI used this photo: misssouls-stock.deviantart.com… by misssouls_stock as a reference.Background:blue sky from my own resources and clouds by archetype-stock ( archetype-stock.deviantart.com… Vegetation: black-b-o-x.deviantart.com/art… by Black-B-o-x gd08.deviantart.com/art/moss-2… by gd08tree: noireuse.deviantart.com/art/Tr… by noireuseWaterfall: brushes by Obsidian Dawn ( www.obsidiandawn.com/category/… Frozen waterfall: robertllynch.deviantart.com/ar… by robertllynch (actually this is not a stock photo but Robert has been so kind to give me his permission to keep my artwork in the gallery anyway, thanks Robert!)Roots: paulinemoss.deviantart.com/art… by paulinemoss, a picture not available any more by esmeralda-stock ( esmeralda-stock.deviantart.com… ) and snoopee63.deviantart.com/art/D… by Snoopee63Dead tree: maureenolder.deviantart.com/ar… by maureenolderSnow: snow brushes frostbo.deviantart.com/art/Sno… by Frostbo, and a lot of paintingIcicles: wdwparksgal.deviantart.com/art… by wdwparksgal and brushes by Obsidian Dawn ( www.obsidiandawn.com/category/… Birds: ariaocstock.deviantart.com/art… by AriaocstockLake, Rocks and zip from my own photosTHANKS FOR THE FAVS!
In case you're reeling from disbelief, the 1983 holiday classic "A Christmas Story" has, in fact, been made into a sequel.
"A Christmas Story 2" is going straight to DVD and Blu-ray October 30th. And it's available just days before the debut of the Broadway musical based on the original story of little '40s-era Ralphie and his Christmastime woes.
The film sequel follows Ralphie as a teenager. He no longer yearns for a Red Ryder BB gun, but now wants a 1938 Hupmobile Skyline Convertible. There are a few things that haven't changed: Triple dog dares, and the fact that the old man -- Ralphie's dad -- is still obsessed with that fishnet-stocking-adorned leg lamp.
"A Christmas Story 2" stars Daniel Stern ("Home Alone," "City Slickers") as the crotchety, lighting fixture-fixated dad, and Ralphie is played by accomplished child actor Braeden Lemasters ("Men of a Certain Age," "Easy A").
[Related: Find showtimes and tickets for movies near you]
View photos
Like the original, the sequel is based on the writing of the late Jean Shepherd. Shepherd's stories about the Parker family have actually been used several times in much lesser-known movies: "A Christmas Story" was made into a sequel in 1994's "My Summer Story" (also known as "It Runs in the Family"), starring Kieran Culkin, Charles Grodin and Mary Steenburgen. PBS also aired a series of three television movies based on Shepherd's stories including "Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss."
Fun fact: Shepherd provided the narration as the adult Ralphie in "A Christmas Story." Stern, who plays the dad in the upcoming sequel, is also a famous narrator of a young boy's tale: He was the voice of the adult Kevin Arnold in late '80s, early '90s hit television show "The Wonder Years."
Incidentally, it appears "A Christmas Story 2" will be among a final slate of direct-to-DVD offerings from Warner Bros. The powerhouse movie studio -- responsible for theatrical hits including "The Dark Knight Rises," which has earned nearly $835 million worldwide -- is shutting down its business responsible for direct-to-DVD productions, according to the Wrap. The company is citing "a decline in the direct-to-video film market."
Follow me on Twitter
Madonna Hires Sir Paul's Tough Divorce Lawyer (Photos)
Our friends over at Holy Moly! just revealed that Madonna has hired the toughest divorce lawyer in Britain, Nicholas Mostyn QC. The singer is said to be ending her eight year marriage to producer Guy Ritchie.
Mostyn was Sir Paul McCartney's heavy hitter and has a long list of high profile divorce cases that he has handled successfully in favor of his clients. Madonna is apparently not messing around. Forbes estimated Madonna's earnings from last year at $72 million and word is that there isn't a prenup. Ouch! That means that Guy could be entitled to half.
No juicy news on why the couple are going their separate ways other than they grew apart - boring. Now that the adoption of their son David Banda is finalized, it is no longer essential to keep the marital bonds intact and it appears the end is in sight for the couple.
Rumors have surfaced for some time now, noting that the couple have had very few public appearances over the past six months. The meeting between Madge and Mostyn is said to have taken place in London over ten days ago. We will keep you posted on any new details or denials as they surface.
Check out Madonna and her family below.
San Diego's Modern Times Beer is just the latest in a long line of breweries keen on setting up shop in Los Angeles, with paperwork today from the city confirming that the popular craft beer company will make a home for itself in the heart of Downtown's South Park neighborhood.
The move itself is nothing new — Modern Times hinted at a big L.A. expansion back in September, but those were just teasers to keep their rabid fan base satisfied. Now comes the full meal: a nearly 6,000 square foot restaurant and brewery space with an outdoor patio and the ability to brew pilot and one-off beers on site. There's also going to be bottle and growler sales straight from the facility, as well as all-day hours to accommodate the company's plans to include coffee, vegan food, and more.
The location itself is also significant, as Modern Times will set up at 830 S. Olive Street in the South Park section of Downtown. The standalone structure is a block from dive bar legends Hank's and Golden Gopher, and just blocks from other drink spots like the Ace Hotel and Mega Bodega. South Park has of late been keeping up with the Arts District in terms of construction and growth, quickly transforming from one of the area's last old school holdouts into a massive mixed-use zone unto itself, with nearby restaurants like Barcito and Broken Spanish further leading the charge.
Overall the city continues to absolutely thrive with craft beer options (both on the brewery side and the bar/retail side) in popular pockets like Downtown and the South Bay — though the forthcoming Firestone Walker brewpub in Venice will certainly help to anchor that area as well. There's arguably never been a better time to drink craft beer in Los Angeles, which means Modern Times — which will likely open this fall — could not be arriving at a better time.
Modern Times Los Angeles
830 S. Olive
Los Angeles, CA
Indian defence manufacturing is all set to undergo a radical shift. As part of the government's ambitious Make in India initiative, priority will now be given to defence equipment that is indigenously designed, developed and manufactured.
Not just “Make in India”, the focus is now also “Design in India” — this will ensure that the intellectual property rights stay with the country.
It is hoped that this move will also encourage an R&D eco-system within the country. As a further incentive to local organisations, the department of defence production will subsidise up to 90 percent of the design and development costs.
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar made the announcement that under these new rules, at least 40 percent of the components of indigenously-designed equipment should be from India. In the case of non-indigenous designs, this rises to 60 percent.
This initiative also has a strong focus on small- and medium-scale industries. The defence minister said that up to Rs. 10 crore has been earmarked for such companies.
“I will try to ensure that at least 30% of our procurement is sourced from them. Defence public sector companies have been instructed to source as much as possible from small and medium industries,” he said to NDTV.
The proposed defence procurement policy will also increase the offset threshold for defence deals to Rs. 2000 crore. This is aimed at making it easier to do business with single vendors, and will ideally encourage businesses in India over companies overseas.
A special committee will also be formed to arbitrate procurement deals.
India has recently increased defence spending; in his tours to foreign nations (and in discussions with defence technology companies such as the American Lockheed Martin), Prime Minister Narendra Modi has also been emphasising how defence manufacturing will see a shift towards India. As a result, equipment such as Russian Kamov helicopters and artillery guns will soon be manufactured in India.
Featured image for representation only. Source: Wikimedia
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter (@thebetterindia).
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
America's inconsistent response to the current Islamic State atrocities indicates that we are failing to understand, or deliberately ignoring, the facts that drive the terrorist organization's ideology.
Such misunderstanding has been facilitated by the Obama administration's embrace of the Muslim Brotherhood, which is now institutionalized in all government agencies, including the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security and the White House. This penetration is similar to what the communists were able to accomplish in the 1930s, ‘40s and ‘50s. As a result, our warfighters and law enforcement agencies have been denied critical information on combating the Islamic jihadists we are fighting today.
How did this happen? In one example, 57 Muslim signatories wrote a letter Oct. 19, 2011, to President Obama's national security adviser for terrorism, John. O. Brennan, now our CIA director, complaining about “bigoted trainers and material” that was being used to describe the threat of Islamic terrorism and the Islamic ideology that the terrorists use to justify their acts.
As a result, all such material and training manuals were “purged” to remove anything that portrayed Islam as a religion of violence. Furthermore, an advisory board that reportedly included Muslim Brotherhood operators was established to review and sanction all revised training material to be used for our military, FBI and other law enforcement agencies down to the local level. This means is that our entire national security community has now been effectively neutralized on understanding the threat of Islam.
The Muslim Brotherhood penetration goes well beyond training materials. Their influence is most likely reflected in the restricted Rules of Engagement under which our military is forced to fight. This has caused the unnecessary loss of life and debilitating injuries for thousands of our military personnel. The Muslim Brotherhood has been so emboldened that it now has the audacity to demand the “brainwashing” of all our previous trainers. Mao and Stalin would be proud.
According to an article by terrorism expert Clare Lopez, on Aug. 14, another letter with 75 signatories was written to Lisa O. Monaco, homeland security counterterrorism adviser to the National Security Council, urged the Obama administration to “implement a mandatory retrainer program” for all federal, state and local law enforcement officers who have previously been “exposed” to anti-Muslim training. Much like the previous letter sent to Mr. Brennan, the signatories represent many of the leading Muslim organizations in the United States, e.g., the Council on American-Islamic Relations, the Muslim Public Affairs Council and the Muslim Alliance in North America. It should be noted that many of those signatories represent organizations that were designated in federal court as unindicted co-conspirators from the 1998 Holy Land Foundation Hamas terrorism-funding trial in Richardson, Texas.
What prompted this latest letter may have been the fear that America might wake up and connect the current Islamic State atrocities to the ideology of Islam. The silence from the so-called moderate Muslim Brotherhood front organizations on these atrocities should tell you everything you need to know. Likewise, all those hundreds of millions of so-called moderate Muslims remain silent.
Alexis de Tocqueville wrote in 1838, noted by Bruce Thornton on Aug. 18, “Jihad, holy war is an obligation for all believers … . The state of war is the natural state with regard to infidels . These doctrines of which the practical outcome is obvious are found on every page and in almost every word of the Koran … . The violent tendencies of the Koran are so striking that I cannot understand how any man with good sense could miss them.” We must face facts: Islam never was, nor can it be, a religion of peace, regardless of what we are told by our current and past leaders.
Islamic ideology clearly provides the theological justifications stemming from the time of Muhammad through 1,300 hundred years of its history to justify the current jihadist movement and atrocities. Islam has not been hijacked by radicals. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said it best: “Islam is Islam.”
There is no question that the current Islamic State movement must be destroyed. Iran's alleged offer to help get rid of it in Iraq, provided we lift all sanctions, should be totally rejected (if indeed made as reported). Pressure must be maintained on Iran to prevent it from achieving a nuclear-weapons capability. It must never be forgotten that there are no differences among the Islamic State, al Qaeda, the Muslim Brotherhood and Iran when it comes to their objective of destroying the United States and Israel.
The attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, could not have happened without Iran's support for al Qaeda.
The Islamic State is the wealthiest terrorist organization in the world (after the Iranian regime), and must be relentlessly pursued in Iraq and Syria until it is effectively destroyed as a symbol of Islam's resurgence. This will require a sustained air campaign coordinated with our special forces, and hopefully, our allies. We must assume the Islamic State, al Qaeda and others have established sleeper cells in the United States. Accordingly, our readiness posture must be significantly increased. In that context, our military and law enforcement agencies must be retrained so that they can effectively recognize and defeat the threat.
Congress must take the lead and prevent any further drawdown of our strategic and conventional forces. They must also take the lead in purging all Muslim Brotherhood front organizations from our government agencies. Regrettably, based on past performance, we should be under no illusion that this administration will aggressively implement these urgent actions.
James A. Lyons, a U.S. Navy retired admiral, was commander in chief of the U.S. Pacific Fleet and senior U.S. military representative to the United Nations.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Roger Mahony, who is at Rome conclave choosing next pope, protected Los Angeles priest who admitted molesting children
Two child abuse cases involving a cover-up by one of the cardinals electing the next pope have been settled as part of a $10m (£6.6m) out-of-court deal in Los Angeles.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles will make the payouts to victims of a now-defrocked priest who told Cardinal Roger Mahony nearly 30 years ago that he had molested children.
The cases involving ex-priest Michael Baker span 26 years, from 1974 to 2000. Two were set for trial next month. The cases were settled this week.
Two of the claims alleged Mahony didn't do enough to stop Baker from abusing children, said the plaintiffs' attorney John Manly.
Mahony retired as Los Angeles archbishop in 2011 and was rebuked by his successor, Archbishop Jose Gomez, in February after confidential church files showed the cardinal worked behind the scenes to shield molesting priests and protect the church from scandal.
Mahony, one of the cardinals in Rome helping select the next pope, was aware of the settlement, said J Michael Hennigan, an archdiocese attorney. "We have for a long, long time said that we made serious mistakes with Michael Baker and we had always taken the position in these cases that whatever Baker did we were responsible for," he said.
Baker could not be reached for comment. Mahony has apologised repeatedly for his handling of clergy abuse cases. The cardinal was sequestered for the papal conclave and could not be reached for comment on Tuesday.
Manly said: "The person who could have stopped this in its tracks and prevented three out of four of these children from being sexually assaulted is now sitting in Rome voting for the next vicar of Christ," said Manly. "I find that terribly troubling."
Two of the plaintiffs, a pair of brothers, will get $4m each and the two others will get nearly $1m each, Manly said.
Confidential files show that Baker met with Mahony in 1986 and confessed to molesting two boys over a nearly seven-year period. Mahony removed Baker from ministry and sent him for psychological treatment but the priest returned to ministry the following year with a doctor's recommendation that he be defrocked immediately if he spent any time with minors.
Despite several documented instances of being alone with boys the priest wasn't removed from ministry until 2000 after serving in nine parishes.
Baker was convicted of child molestation in 2007 and paroled in 2011. Baker was charged in 2002 with 34 counts of molestation involving six victims but those charges were dismissed because they fell outside the criminal statute of limitations.
Authorities believe Baker may have abused more than 20 children in his 26-year career.
The archdiocese settled more than 500 clergy abuse lawsuits in 2007 for a record-breaking $660m.
‘Why do I always hear you saying you're tired?' asks my mother. Trace the word tired back to its roots and you will discover it once meant to fail. I watch my grandmother's body fail in her seventies. Her hands shake when she counts notes for household expenses or reaches for a glass of water with her medicine. She needs a walking stick, then she needs a walker. She stops climbing the sixteen stairs between her floor and the floor with my room on it. I know the body's slow, inevitable failure. My body doesn't fail like that. My body fails in my early twenties.
I have whole weeks where I sleep. I have days where I am tired by noon. All I want is the world's deepest cup of tea to fill me awake. There is so much to do and so much to stay awake for. But there is no reasoning with my body. No pleading with my body to fit in one more activity before it needs to rest. I fight with my friends instead. I can't make it. I know it is early, but I need to leave now. I know I promised, but I have to cancel. I know I'm walking slowly and making us late, I am trying. There is no other body. There will have to be other friends.
But some people I need to hold on to. Two memories scare me more than the rest. In 2014, I am crying in a hair salon. My sister and mother are getting their hair cut. My hair is pulled back into a sink and washed by a lady from the salon. I cry because I am that tired. I don't want to be in this salon. We are on a holiday. My family doesn't do anything else for the rest of the day. I have ruined it. In 2016, I am coming home from a concert on the London underground. There isn't space to sit. I am too tired to hold up my own weight. My friend leans me against them for the entire train ride home.
When I turn twenty I fall really sick for the first time. In the next two and a half years, two more major depressive episodes follow. But the dissolution of an unhappy relationship and the discovery of a young, kind therapist allow me to recover. The severity of the episodes stops. I still have bad days sometimes. I still have to take care of my mind every day. I have to talk to the knots in my chest, talk them off the edge, help them unravel. My mind has been better for the last year and a half. But my body continues to be tired.
Doctors ask me to run blood tests to check for clues. The pulling of blood into a fat vial where I see a piece of me leaving my body makes me nauseated. Three times over, I keep coconut water and lemonade on hand to prevent myself from fainting. The tests come back clear. I ask psychiatrist after psychiatrist why I want a spoon, a bowl, a whole degchi of sleep. Exercise, they scold. Eat properly, they advise. I want to tell them about the green notebook on my desk filled with lists – foods that decrease energy, foods that replenish energy, foods to elevate mood and so on. But they are already scribbling a prescription for multivitamins. Should I tell them I have three kinds at home?
I finally find a psychiatrist who says ‘How much time do you spend thinking every day? Your mind goes at a hundred miles per hour trying to keep up with all the perceived dangers. Of course your body is tired. Your sick mind is trying to keep you sad and afraid, and your healthy mind is working overtime to keep you afloat.' I don't have a spike on a blood test. I don't have a name for the doctor's explanation. But it makes sense to me in my bones – that the mind drains the mothership, that thoughts can tire out flesh and blood. When I first fell sick, I didn't know I could talk back to my anxiety and depression. The resisting, healthy part of myself learns to speak up. The sick part pushes back.
I come to realise that recovery is a series of loose bolts clattering about inside me – some of whom I have not met yet. If I am to move on, I must make peace with my body. Have I not already borne my fair share of pain, I ask those closest to me. There is no fair share, I have the task of telling myself. I won't be the young woman in her twenties that my teenage self had dreamed of. I won't spend nights at the office outpacing my colleagues. I won't dance at a friend's party till the early hours of the morning.
Instead I get to celebrate how many good days there are. I get to say thank you for all the people who understand why I fall asleep halfway through their dinners. I get to figure out a life that doesn't look like my parents' or like my friends'. I work from home. I hold my energy close. I choose my friends carefully. I work hard even though I know my hard work doesn't look other people's hard work. I write. There were years (years) where the only words I wrote were I am tired. I forgive my body.
Note: The title is a response to a quote from a children's book by Ruth Krauss called Open House for Butterflies that reads ‘If you're very, very tired, just throw your tired away'.
Featured image credit: Upasana Agarwal
Second man caught after hours-long search near I-80
A second man was caught Wednesday morning a few hours after a first suspect was arrested in connection with ongoing catalytic converter thefts in West Sacramento, police said.The second man wanted by police was spotted in the search area just after 9:30 a.m. He was detained at the end of Commerce Court near the slough and railroad tracks, West Sacramento police said.A large perimeter had been set up near Interstate 80 after a man was caught hiding near a truck yard along West Capitol Avenue and I-80, according to officers.The incident began about 4:45 a.m. when officers received reports of suspicious activity and vehicles in the area.Police found stolen catalytic converters in the back of a pickup truck near I-80 and found the one man soon after, according to West Sacramento police spokesman Roger Kinney.Police have been patrolling the area in recent weeks because businesses that house big rigs have become victims of catalytic converter thefts.Each catalytic converter is worth about $5,000 to $6,000."It costs businesses a lot of money," Kinney said.The owner of Mayer Equipment said he's had $50,000 in catalytic converters stolen from his business in the last month. He's furious because he says burglars turn around and sell the stolen parts and only get about $50 for them.No additional information has been released.KCRA's Leticia Ordaz contributed to this report.
A second man was caught Wednesday morning a few hours after a first suspect was arrested in connection with ongoing catalytic converter thefts in West Sacramento, police said.
The second man wanted by police was spotted in the search area just after 9:30 a.m. He was detained at the end of Commerce Court near the slough and railroad tracks, West Sacramento police said.
Advertisement
A large perimeter had been set up near Interstate 80 after a man was caught hiding near a truck yard along West Capitol Avenue and I-80, according to officers.
The incident began about 4:45 a.m. when officers received reports of suspicious activity and vehicles in the area.
Police found stolen catalytic converters in the back of a pickup truck near I-80 and found the one man soon after, according to West Sacramento police spokesman Roger Kinney.
Police have been patrolling the area in recent weeks because businesses that house big rigs have become victims of catalytic converter thefts.
Each catalytic converter is worth about $5,000 to $6,000.
"It costs businesses a lot of money," Kinney said.
The owner of Mayer Equipment said he's had $50,000 in catalytic converters stolen from his business in the last month. He's furious because he says burglars turn around and sell the stolen parts and only get about $50 for them.
No additional information has been released.
KCRA's Leticia Ordaz contributed to this report.
AlertMe
When Dave and Melanie Sobelman of Sobelman's Pub and Grill decided to garnish their Bloody Marys with whole fried chickens, it just seemed like the natural progression of things. After all, the Milwaukee restaurant owners had already been topping their 80-ounce hangover helpers with sliders, bacon-wrapped jalapeño cheese-ball skewers, and entire bottles of Corona. Why not a whole fryer?
Like the over-the-top Caesars of Calgary, this is beyond a meal in a glass. But the story behind it is a little more complicated. Ostensibly, it began as a way to help a neighbor, and then the needy; the Sobelmans donated 10 percent of the the proceeds from each $50 Chicken Fried Bloody Beast to Milwaukee's Hunger Task Force, helping Wisconsin's disadvantaged population while feeding their clientele.
But like anything else, it's also a story of resourcefulness. And war. This is the story of Milwaukee's Bloody Mary garnish wars, as told by Dave Sobelman himself.
The first year, it was just—I don't know—a pickle, an olive, a small shrimp, and a celery stalk, of course.
The original location of Sobelman's Pub & Grill, where I'm at now, is in the Menomonie Valley. It divides the north side of Milwaukee from the south side of Milwaukee, and it's always been industrial. At one time, the north side of the valley had some homes going up the hill to the rest of the neighborhood, but the freeway went through it and the city took out all of the homes. There were many buildings like them, but they're gone. I'm the only one left. So it's a weird thing—I've got the only bar in the valley, other than the one at the casino.
There's a lot of industry around here. Next door is a pickling plant. It's very blue collar, so many owners before me had pickled eggs, or pickled pig's feet, and herring in different sauces that they would offer to customers. People would come and do shots, drink beer, watch TV, and snack on pickled sausage. Just weird stuff.
When I took over, I had different intentions for what I was going to do here. I wasn't doing much business with my neighbor who had sold these items to the previous bar owners. They've been there since the 50s. He was disappointed, but I'm a neighborly guy, and I want to get along with everyone.
I went next door and I saw his showroom, where he had those items—the pickled pig's feet, ham hocks, but also different types of olives, pickled mushrooms and onions, asparagus, normal stuff. He had never mentioned that stuff to me. I was walking back to the bar and thinking to myself, You know what? If I bought all of this stuff from Reinhard and put it in my Bloody Marys, I'll have the most crazy and exciting Bloody Marys in town, and I'll be making my neighbor happy.
I was born in St. Louis. I'm not of the German-Polish stock, which is the majority of people in Wisconsin. These people seem to love all of these over-the-top Bloody Marys. We initially started with 12 or 13 ingredients in the Bloody Mary. But one day, about two and a half years ago, I stuck a cheeseburger on a toothpick on a Bloody Mary and wrote on a Facebook post: "Am I going too far?" The next thing I knew, I had 100 comments. Everyone loved it. It seemed to me to be so ridiculous, but I got home and I sat down at the table and said to my wife, "Wow, I think we're on to something."
Once we started putting pictures of this stuff on Facebook, people started coming in and really wanting this stuff. I think the whole rest of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, has learned a whole lot.
Now there's this big Bloody Mary race. Everyone's doing it now—it's no longer just me. Everyone saw the popularity of everything, from the cheeseburger sliders to all of the kebabs that we put in, to the Bloody Beast and then the Chicken-Fried Beast, where we put a three-, four-, five-pound chicken on it. We can sell five to ten of those a week, or sometimes it can be up to 20 or 25 a week..
We've become very popular in the Midwest—people come from other parts of Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, northern Illinois, and Indiana. People come for conventions, shows, different concerts. They're in town for one reason, but they're going to make sure they get to Sobelman's Pub & Grill.
Every Bloody Mary comes with 12 or 13 garnishes unless you ask for something different. Every Bloody Mary comes with at least a cheese wedge, a pickled Polish sausage, a pickled mushroom, a pickled Brussels sprout, an asparagus, a celery stalk, a green onion or scallion, and on another toothpick a shrimp, a lemon wedge, and a grape tomato. We put a little wooden spoon in there so you can stir it, and a beer chaser, because we're from Wisconsin and it's just unheard of to get a Bloody Mary that doesn't come with a beer chaser.
It all started with the cheeseburger slider. Then I came up with this crazy idea of taking jalapeño cheese-balls, spicy cheese in a breading, that we deep-fry, then wrap them in bacon, deep-fry again, and then put on toothpicks. We call them the Baconado because it looks like a tornado and it comes right out of your Bloody Mary.
Then it goes on. We've got the Crown Mary where we take a small bottle of Corona, put it on a bottle holder, turn it upside down, and put it on there so that when you're drinking your Bloody Mary with a straw, you're drinking a combination of the Bloody and the beer. For a time, eight out of ten were the ones with the cheeseburger slider, but now they're all very cool and interesting. Most people are here for the burgers, but I get more attention for the Bloody Marys.
I could go on and on.
There's a new place just up the street. They came up with an over-the-top Bloody Mary, it's like my Bloody Beast. It's just simply designed to get attention by all the local news crews.
There was a place called the INdustri Cafe. The owner put out a Facebook post in which he had this over-the-top Bloody Mary. It had an entire pizza on it. He said, "You see this? You'll never get this at the INdustri, because we just don't do this." I said to my wife, "He just started some shit for himself." Either he's going to have to do this when customers come in and want it, or he's going to have to disappoint his customers and tell them no. He started offering it, but he had to shut down his kitchen on a Sunday and start offering this Bloody Mary only. You do what the customers want you to do. He had to either eat his words and give into this ridiculous Bloody Mary craze in Milwaukee. He eventually went out of business.
I'm losing on some of the Bloody Mary contests. It's gonna happen. My secret's out—it's easy to imitate what I do. But it's my wish for some day for someone to say, "Dave Sobelman started this crazy burger-and-blood-Mary competition." Before me, nobody was making these over-the-top Bloody Marys. Before me, you got a jumbo shrimp, a pickle, an olive, and a celery stalk. All of a sudden, because of this pickling plant next door and wanting to keep peace with my neighbor, I just started throwing everything in a Bloody Mary.
When you do that and you put it on Facebook, you get all this attention. And I think honestly that's what people these days are after—the attention.
I have something new planned for this weekend. I just got back from a food show. But you'll have to wait to see it. It's still a secret.
This article originally appeared on MUNCHIES in March 2015.
Our videographer Elena Parker -- a serious food and film buff -- is really good at throwing movie-themed dinner parties. She and her friends cook together, serve up, and eat while they watch. We've asked her to start sharing the menus for her favorite films with us -- here's the first installment!
- Elena
Shop the Story
Imagine entering the drawing room in which "New York's most chosen company is somewhat awfully assembled." Sounds stuffy, no? But — if you were doing so, if you happened to be wearing a gorgeous red gown, and if you also happened to be Michelle P feiffer, then you would, of course, be in the midst of Martin Scorsese's lush and highly addictive adaptation of Edith Wharton's The Age of Innocence (and one of my all-time favorite films).
Set among the high society of late 19th century New York, the food in The Age of Innocence is more than mere set dressing. The plot, emotions of the characters and satirical voice of Wharton herself shine through the meals — both in the plates and assemblies. As the film plays out the forbidden romance between Newland Archer (Daniel Day Lewis) and the passionate and unconventional Countess Ellen Olenska (Michelle Pfeiffer), their meetings over teas and seated around dinners vary from the utterly romantic to hopelessly crushing and all of the veiled emotions are crystallized in the meals.
This particular menu is meant to reflect an event held at roughly a half hour into the film: dinner at the van der Luydens. I choose to mark this occasion because it is the film at its most sardonic — you don't want your guests crying into their first course, after all. To quote the film's narrator, "Dining with the van der Luydens was, at best, no light matter... dining there with a Duke who was their cousin was almost a religious solemnity." This statement is no less than perfectly captured in the image that accompanies it: pieces of a whole baked fish and servings of caviar being lifted, gingerly, onto a plate.
(On a side note, keep your eyes peeled for the single most amazing acting moment of all time at 30 minutes 14 seconds, when Day-Lewis simply says the word “ yes.” You have permission to swoon.)
Dinner at the van der Luydens: A Menu from The Age of Innocence
Nineteenth Century Roman Punch by amanda
Whole Baked Fish in Sea Salt with Parsley Gremolata by TasteFood
Potato Leek Au Gratin by AlexisC
Black Tea Jelly by merrill
Meyer Lemon Macarons by DolcettoConfections
A LOUTH MAN accused of IRA membership and directing the activities of the dissident organisation denied buying Shamrock glucose in his alleged capacity as an IRA member, the Special Criminal Court has heard.
Seamus McGrane (63), of Little Road, Dromiskin, County Louth has pleaded not guilty to membership of the IRA between 18 January 2010 and 13 May 2015.
He has also denied directing the activities of an unlawful organisation – the Irish Republican Army (IRA) – between the dates of 19 April and 13 May 2015.
Detective garda Colm Finnerty, of the Special Detective Unit, told prosecuting counsel Tara Burns SC today that on 15 April 2015, McGrane was interviewed by gardaí under Section 2 of the Offences Against the State Act.
The section allows a court to draw inferences from a suspected person's failure or refusal to answer questions regarding alleged IRA membership.
The court heard that McGrane denied he was a member of the IRA.
Finnerty said that the accused man was also asked if he had ever bought Shamrock glucose in his capacity as an IRA member and he again denied membership.
Previously, the court had heard an audio recording of a conversation between McGrane and Donal O'Coisdealbha in the snug of a Dublin pub that had been bugged by garda detectives in which the accused man spoke of using Shamrock glucose to manufacture explosives.
Earlier, the court heard ‘belief evidence' from Chief Superintendent Sean Ward that the accused man was a member of the IRA between the dates in question.
Detective garda Noel Mohan, of Dundalk garda station, told prosecuting counsel Tara Burns SC that he saw McGrane in Dundalk at republican marches commemorating the 1916 Rising every year from 2011 to 2015.
He said that men convicted and jailed by the Special Criminal Court also attended these marches.
The court was told that the prosecution had closed its case.
Michael O'Higgins SC, for Mr McGrane, said the defence was not going into evidence.
The court will listen to closing speeches from the prosecution and defence tomorrow morning.
Tunisia's Ben Ali fled. Egypt's Hosni Mubarak resigned. But Mr. Ali's ally in Libya, Muammar Qaddafi, seems bent on continuing his brutal fight against the nationwide revolt that threatens his 41-year grip on power.
The eccentric despot told Libyan state TV Tuesday night that he "will die as a martyr."
In a disjointed discourse delivered before a statue of a fist smashing an American military jet, the leader signaled his commitment to a violent cling to power that starts to make Egypt's Mubarak look like a Jeffersonian democrat.
The problem is that Mr. Qaddafi – thanks to the whimsical system of governance he's given Libya – rejects the proposition that he has any power to concede.
"If I were president, I would have resigned, but I have no position to resign from," he explained.
In foreign capitals, the Brotherly Leader's defecting diplomatic corps has deserted Qaddafi in droves and is rushing to stress how different the Libyan crisis will be from Egypt or Tunisia.
Demonstrators in those countries shocked increasingly apathetic, and broadly unpopular autocrats from power in a swifter and more peaceful end to those regimes than most could have imagined.
Libya, Qaddafi's former head of protocol said, will be a bloodbath.
"He will continue," Nuri al-Mismari told Reuters. "There is nobody stronger than the people, but he will not leave Libya, he will not step down."
Right groups say roughly 300 people have already died in crackdowns that have seen bombs funneled on Tripoli and tanks over-running protests. Opposition groups say the death toll could soon become much higher.
The Save our Swiss Gold Battle Heats Up
Fractional American Gold Eagles in 1/10, 1/4 and 1/2 oz Sizes for Smaller Budgets
We warned that as November 30 approached the anti Save Our Swiss Gold rhetoric would heat up.
On November 30, 2014, the Swiss will go to the ballot to vote on a referendum, sponsored by the Swiss People's Party (SVP) – Save Our Swiss Gold that would require the Swiss National Bank (SNB) to:
◾ hold at least 20% of its reserves in gold;
◾ repatriate of all of its gold currently held outside its borders; and
◾ ban selling any of its gold.
A populist referendum like Save our Swiss Gold strikes fear in the hearts of spendthrift politicians and central bankers whose freewheeling money printing follies would be curtailed by such a referendum.
In Save our Swiss Gold – The Battle Ahead, we noted as November 30th approached, there would be banker and media attacks on the initiative, attacks on the promoters/supporters of the initiative, attacks on the Swiss people and attacks on gold.
Attacks on the Save Our Swiss Gold Initiative
We warned:
If Save Our Swiss Gold passes, the SNB would have to sell billions worth of Euro assets that they bought in recent years to support the 1.2 Swiss Franc to Euro peg in order to buy gold. Such an action would have a negative impact on the Euro. As such, … expect statements from central banks regarding the “danger” that Save Our Swiss Gold presents to the entire global monetary system.
And here are some of the responses from the SNB:
Disaster!
Thomas Jordan the chairman of the SNB, complained that passage of Save our Swiss Gold would make it harder for the SNB to “do its job”.
“The initiative is not in Switzerland's interest because it wants to fundamentally change the rules of our monetary policy,” said Thomas Jordan. “It would be disastrous if Switzerland limited its own capabilities to react to disorder and maintain the stability of its currency.” and would “restrict central bank's ability to respond to disturbances”
In essence Thomas Jordan is saying when central banks create imbalances by manipulating the currency markets they won't be able to correct those imbalances (further muck things up) if they are restricted by having to maintain 20% of their reserves in gold.
Swiss Bank Whines of Loss of Credibility and Profits
Credibility
The SNB argues that Save our Swiss Gold would not only impede the SNB from “doing its job” of implementing monetary policy, but also might result in the SNB losing credibiity.
Of course, restraining the SNB from conducting reckless monetary policy that involves printing Swiss Francs out of thin air to buy Euros to maintain the Franc Euro peg at 1.2. is precisely the purpose of the Save Our Swiss Gold initiative. It's a feature of the Save our Swiss Gold proposal, not a bug!
Perhaps the SNB's credibility would be enhanced if it conducted monetary policy in a more prudent fashion, restrained by a gold reserve requirement.
Profits
The SNB also argues that Save our Swiss Gold could reduce the SNB's annual profits that it distributes to Switzerland's cantonal governments.
Fritz Zurbruegg, SNB board member warns “The higher the gold content, the smaller the income from interest or dividends,” he said.
This is a disingenous argument, since the misguided goal of European banks is to reduce interest rates to zero or have them negative if possible, in order to boost inflaton and economic growth. If the Save our Swiss Gold initiative were to pass, the loss in interest payments to the Swiss cantons would almost certainly be de minimus.
Attacks on Save Our Swiss Gold Supporters
We wrote:
Expect the propaganda to be ratcheted up as November 30th approaches and to hear the terms “right-wing,” “far right” and “racist” bandied about in the main stream media when discussing Save Our Swiss Gold, its sponsors and supporters. …expect the SVP to be labelled “financial terrorists”
“Right Wing”
Here is how Reuters described the Save our Swiss Gold initiative in a November 6, 2014 article: The “Save our Swiss gold” proposal, spearheaded by the right-wing Swiss People's Party (SVP)”
“Splinter Group”
While falling short of calling the Save Our Swiss Gold proponents “terrorists”, Bloomberg described organizers of the initiative as part of a “splinter” group:
“They may be a splinter group of Swiss politics, but they're a persistent bunch.”
The word “splinter” is often used by Bloomberg and other media outlets when describing terrorists, as in these stories:
Bloomberg: Pakistan Holds Border Ceremony After 55 Killed in Bombing; November 3, 2014
“Of the three groups that have claimed responsibility, all three are splinters of the Pakistani Taliban…
McClatchy Washington Bureau: Think Helping to Fight ISIS Will Get You Off Terrorist List? Think Again; November 4, 2014
“Though Americans are most familiar with the Arab and Muslim factions on the list, the roster is diverse and truly global, including the Japanese religious cult behind a deadly chemical attack on the Tokyo subway and two separate splinter groups from the old Irish Republican Army, or IRA.”
Attacks on the Swiss People
Guns, Gold, Chocolate and Cuckoo Clocks
In Save our Swiss Gold – Guns, Gold and Cuckoo Clocks we wrote wrote:
As November 30th draws closer, expect to see main stream media stories about the quirkiness of the Swiss portraying them as a nation of gun toting, cuckoo clock (actually a German invention) and chocolate making people.
Chocolate
The Wall Street Journal obliged our chocolate prediction with their recent story “Swiss Gold Initiative Would Interfere With SNB Currency Policy”
The story features a large photo of a fake gold bar filled with chocolates being opened by Lukas Reimann, member of the “Save Our Swiss Gold” committee, who used the bar as a prop to make his point at a news conference in Bern, Switzerland.
Rather than focusing on the arguments of Lukas Reinman (the quirky Swiss guy with the box of chocolate in his hands) in favor of Save our Swiss Gold, the story contained many of the same talking points as the Reuters article re the dangers of imposing restrictions on the SNB's abiity to “do its job.”
Attacks on Gold
We wrote:
A declining gold price would help take the wind out of the sails of the Save Our Swiss Gold initiative. A declining gold price sends a message that a shiny metal whose price is declining is not worth screwing up the entire monetary system over and validates the SNB's decision to have sold it. Central banks will do whatever in their power to ensure that the price of gold remains suppressed as November 30 approaches.
Gold Price July – November
Save Our Swiss Gold PayPal Account Frozen
The day we published Save Our Swiss Gold – The Battle Ahead, we learned that the PayPal account set up to receive donations in support of the Save Our Swiss Gold initiative had been frozen.
“Clearly the powers that be did not want the campaign to receive this money,” said Egon von Greyerz Managing Partner of Matterhorn Asset Management AG & GoldSwitzerland and supporter of the Save Our Swiss Gold initiative.
Will The Save our Swiss Gold Initiative Pass?
Initial polls show that the Save Our Swiss Gold initiative has a chance of passing.
Reuters writes regarding the prospect that Save our Swiss Gold might pass: “The initiative has sent jitters through both the gold and currency markets.”
For many gold holders, the Save our Swiss Gold intiative has not sent “jitters”, rather tentative paroxysms of joy in anticipations that it might pass.
If it does, it just might make the Swiss National Bank and other central banks go:
J.D. Martinez has only been with the Diamondbacks for 58 games, but he's made them count. Since Arizona acquired Martinez from the Tigers, he's hit .303/.370.752 with 28 home runs, good for a 172 OPS+ that beats out Giancarlo Stanton's season numbers even though Martinez is in a hitter-friendly home stadium and Stanton is not.
It's not just the 58 D-Backs games in which Martinez has dominated, either. With the Tigers, he batted .305/.388/.630 for a 163 OPS+, and his overall season line is at .304/.379/.694 with 44 homers and a 168 OPS+ — that slugging percentage is the highest in the majors, and his overall OPS+ bests that of Aaron Judge and Jose Altuve and Stanton, too.
Say Hey, Baseball Listen, we know it's tough to catch up on everything happening in the baseball world each morning. Trying to find all of it while on your way to work or sitting at your desk just isn't easy. It's OK, though. Subscribe to our daily MLB newsletter and let us do the heavy lifting for you each morning to find the things you need to see.
The only MVP contender Martinez isn't outhitting is Mike Trout, who has managed a .309/.446/.629 season with a 188 OPS+. The problem for Trout in any MVP discussion is the same as any involving Martinez, however: both sluggers missed significant time with injury — for Martinez, it was a Lisfranc sprain in his foot — so the likes of Judge, Stanton, and Altuve are going to be the likely MVP recipients.
It's not Martinez switching leagues that's an issue, even if history is against him in this regard: no player has ever won an MVP award after changing leagues, and Rick Sutcliffe stands as the lone pitcher to win a Cy Young in that situation. We're not even going to have the discussion of whether Martinez merits inclusion in the NL MVP race because he's only played in 115 games, so even though he has 44 homers and rate stats that everyone save Trout can be jealous of, he's a non-factor.
Stanton is going to be the NL MVP. He's played in 154 games, and his season numbers are pretty close to Martinez's. The AL is more wide-open, but it's likely coming down to Judge and Altuve with Trout probably receiving some votes as a nod to his injury-shortened greatness, but not enough to win. Combine starting the year in mid-May with switching leagues, and Martinez stands little chance of even getting those kinds of votes.
The first image new Russian air defense systems S-500. The S-500 is a new generation surface-to-air missile system, designed for intercepting intercontinental ballistic missiles and for defense against Airborne Early Warning and Control, Airborne Warning and Control System, and jamming aircraft. It is not an upgraded version of the S-400.
With a planned range of 600 km (373 mi) Anti Ballistic Missile (ABM) and 400 km for the air defense, the S-500 would be able to detect and simultaneously engage up to 10 ballistic supersonic targets flying at a speed of 5 km/s, limit of 7. 6 years later have already spoken of height of 185 km and range of 3500, (3500 or more).
However, the missile is not ready yet, but the possibility of other components will be made within such limits (as stated). The system is highly mobile and can easily be installed where there is a threat. Some experts believe that may affect the intercontinental ballistic missiles at the end and the middle portion, but it is obvious that the external target designation (RLS Voronezh-DM and missile defense system A-135 radar Don-2N).
Former Sutton reserve keeper Wayne Shaw is set to become the face of pie makers Birds Eye. In a deal worth a reported £8 million over 3 years, Shaw will star in a range of TV and Radio adverts for the food company.
Dream
“It's been a whirlwind,” Shaw told Soccer on Sunday. “I'm filming my first ad in Lanzarote next Tuesday with Kim Kardashian. According to the script, she swans up on the beach, winks at me, and takes a bite out of my pie. I heatbutt her unconscious and say, ‘Not on your life love. It's a Birds Eye!' I then roll her into the recovery position and walk away. Terrific writing.”
“The FA gambling charge doesn't worry me,” said Shaw. “As a millionaire, I feel I'm above the law now. If I have to open the wallet and have someone killed to make this go away? That's chump change. People might say, ‘Come on Shawsy lad, don't let the money go to your head'. But those people are peasants. They don't even have butlers, or pet tigers.”
“Scum,” added Shaw.
Captain
Birds Eye owner, Captain Birds Eye, insists that he is delighted to have Shaw onboard.
“Wayne is a natural,” said the unlicensed tugboat captain. “He has all the tools to become a legend in the world of pies. And if he uses his millions to have the odd person killed? I found out The Man from Delmonte was banging my wife a few years ago and had him killed, so people in glass houseboats shouldn't throw stones.”
Online Edition
– Vol. 5, No. 1: March 1999
Ritus Narcissus:
Why Do We Sing Ourselves and Celebrate Ourselves?
by Father Paul Scalia
Imagine the following scene: You arrive at Mass on Sunday, eager to thank God for His goodness to you. You slide into the pew early, kneel in prayer, and direct your praise and worship to your Lord and God. You stand as the song leader introduces the opening hymn: "Table of Plenty". Suddenly your praise comes to a screeching halt, not because of your own prayers, but because of what you are singing. In fact you are no longer praising God at all, but singing to the others:
Come to the feast of heaven and earth!
Come to the table of plenty!
God will provide for all that we need,
here at the table of plenty.
Now it gets worse: you begin to sing His lines:
O, come and sit at my table
where saints and sinners are friends.
I wait to welcome the lost and lonely
to share the cup of my love.
And so at the very beginning of Mass, your conversation with God is derailed and transformed into a participation in the congregation's introspection.
To appreciate the damage done by such hymns, we must first call to mind two essential aspects of the Mass: presence and dialogue. First of all, what distinguishes the Mass from all other forms of worship is the re-presentation of Christ's sacrifice. The Mass does not merely recall or reenact Christ's redemptive act but in fact makes present the mystery of faith, the passion, death and resurrection of Christ (cf. Catechism of the Catholic Church, 1366).
Second, the presence of Christ in the Eucharist and indeed throughout the Mass makes possible a real dialogue between God and man; it creates an active conversation. The remembrance of someone does not lead to dialogue with that person; only to reminiscing. The presence of Christ in the Mass, however, inspires us to speak to Him as only the beloved can speak to the Lover. Thus the Mass is a dialogue between Christ and the Church, between God and man, in which God speaks His lines and we speak ours. He speaks to us through the readings and (we hope) the homily, while we respond to Him through the prayers of the priest, our personal prayers, and the hymns.
Accordingly, active participation at Mass requires the faithful to acknowledge the presence of Christ and enter the dialogue, taking the words of the Bride as their own. They embody the Bride, and their Mass parts — the Kyrie, Gloria, Sanctus, and Agnus Dei ­ express her desire for union with the Bridegroom. Other texts used at Mass should reflect and deepen this sentiment. The dialogue reaches its culmination at the Consecration, when the Bridegroom speaks His definitive words of love and thus becomes really present to His Bride in the Eucharist.
Given the lyrics of much contemporary liturgical music, however, we must ask what has become of this dialogue and our ability to enter it. Many hymns have us sing only about ourselves and to ourselves, even going so far as to usurp God's part. Such words fail to convey the true meaning of the Mass as a dialogue between Christ and the Church. The offending lyrics come in two varieties: in the first, we sing to one another and about one another, but do not include God in the conversation; and in the second, we sing God's parts.
The Cult of Conceit: Why Are We Singing to Each Other?
A conversation demands that we include the other in the discussion. If someone speaks to you about himself, about you, about himself and you, but never really with you, you would call that person conceited. So have we become in our conversation with God: He humbles Himself to dwell among us under the form of bread and wine, while we ignore Him and sing about ourselves and to ourselves.
Of course, many traditional hymns also address the other believers rather than God. But a close look at such hymns (for example, "Now thank we all our God", "Praise, my soul, the King of heaven", or "Ye watchers and ye holy ones") reveals a crucial difference: the traditional hymns address others only to invite them to worship God, while most contemporary songs invite us to glorify ourselves.
"Bread of Life" by Rory Cooney, provides a splendid example of this self-centered conversation. The theme of the song lends itself to the Communion rite. But unfortunately, the words distort the meaning of Communion and the dialogue that should be taking place:
I myself am the bread of life
you and I are the bread of life
taken and blessed, broken and shared
by Christ
that the world may live.
Aside from the fact that this song radically distorts Our Lord ‘s "Bread of Life" discourse, it also leaves God out of the conversation: we talk to ourselves. As the communicants come forward to receive the living God, they are singing about themselves. "Sing a New Church", a triumphalist paean to diversity by Delores Dufner, OSB, also fosters the Cult of Us:
Let us bring the gifts that differ
And, in splendid, varied ways,
Sing a new Church into being,
One in faith and love and praise
So the chorus goes, and the verses similarly proclaim us to ourselves. Passing over the tremendous ecclesiological problems in the text, we should question what the song communicates to the congregation: songs about us constitute worship of the Almighty. We have replaced Him as the focus of worship.
A favorite Communion song in some parishes is "This Bread That We Share" by Dominic MacAller:
This bread that we share is the body of Christ,
this cup of blessing his blood.
We who come to this table bring all our wounds to be healed.
When we love one another as Christ has loved us,
we become God's daughters and sons.
We become for each other the bread, the cup,
the presence of Christ revealed.
Again the words, which clumsily try to convey the beautiful theology of the Mystical Body, foster in the congregation a focus on itself at the very moment that it should be speaking to and about Himself.
One of the worst offenders in this cult of conceit is a song called "Anthem" by Tom Conry:
We are called, we are chosen.
We are Christ for one another.
We are promise to tomorrow,
while we are for him today.
We are sign, we are wonder,
we are sower, we are seed.
We are harvest, we are hunger.
We are question, we are creed.
Count them: 13 separate uses of "I" or "we" in these lines. Nor do the verses help: they do not sing to Christ, but only about Him and to … us! Although the verses do emphasize our inadequacy before God and dependence on Him, nevertheless, the dialogue with the Almighty has been shut down, and we sing to one another about one another and only secondarily about Him, the object of all our affections.
Songs such as these give us a wonderfully ridiculous image of a bride so enamoured with herself that she cannot see the Bridegroom awaiting her at the altar.
The Confused Dialogue: Why Are We Singing God's Part?
Further, in order to carry on a conversation, each party must know his role and speak his lines. You and I cannot speak if I forget my role and insist on saying your lines. Romeo and Juliet would never have been lovers if he had strolled onto the scene and lamented, "O Romeo, Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo?" Nor would he have thought her worth the trouble if she, while throwing open the shutters, asked, "What light through yonder window breaks?" The same holds true for the Liturgy: when we seize God's lines we cripple the conversation and therefore the relationship.
For example, in the song "Hosea" by Gregory Norbet, OSB, we sing God's words to us:
Come back to me with all your heart,
don't let fear keep us apart.
Long have I waited for your coming home to me
and living deeply our new life.
The question arises, To whom are we speaking? We cannot possibly be speaking to God, because it would make no sense for us to speak these words to Him. One hopes that these words are not intended for each other, for that would be the height of arrogance. In fact, when we sing these words we speak to no one in particular. We no longer converse with God at all, but simply reminisce about Him.
Similarly with the chorus of the song "I Have Loved You" by Michael Joncas:
I have loved you with an everlasting love,
I have called you and you are mine;
I have loved you with an everlasting love,
I have called you and you are mine.
Of course, the "I" here is God ­ not us. So why are we singing God's part? Again, because this cannot possibly be conversational, we reduce the event to mere remembrance. With the elimination of the dialogue with God, active participation becomes nostalgic reminiscence.
At certain moments of the Mass, the peculiarity of these lyrics becomes strikingly clear. At Communion, for instance, when the Creator comes to dwell within His creatures, and we come forward to receive the Almighty, we often act like anything but creatures:
I, the Lord of sea and sky,
I have heard my people cry,
all who dwell in dark and sin
my hand will save.
I who made the stars of night,
I will make their darkness bright
Who will bear my light to them?
Whom shall I send?
Granted, the chorus of the song ("Here I Am" by Dan Schutte) reflects the proper dialogue. But the verses have us speaking in God's voice. That leaves us little room to recognize our dependence on Him and need for Him in the Eucharist.
Perhaps most offensive are those songs that take the words of Consecration as the refrain. For example, "Take and Eat" by Michael Joncas and James Quinn:
Take and eat; take and eat:
This is my body given up for you.
Take and drink; take and drink:
This is my blood given up for you.
More than any others, these lyrics eliminate the dialogue of the Mass by having us speak God's lines. The words of Consecration comprise God's final act of love for man: by them Christ gave Himself definitively to the Church; by them Christ continues to renew His sacrifice; by them Christ the Bridegroom presents Himself to His Bride. Priests have special reverence for these words, because in saying them they stand in the person of Christ and speak with the voice of Christ. The Consecration holds pride of place at Mass precisely because at that moment a man dares to speak the words of God the Son to God the Father.
Unfortunately, what should be regarded as sacred and exceptional is now common domain. We all sing — to whom? — what we should hear only from Christ. So how can we really understand its significance?
These and similar lyrics do not simply confuse the situation, they distort the Mass itself. By usurping God's role we abolish any sense of conversation and in effect deny the presence of Christ at Mass. We elevate ourselves to God's level and lower the Mass to a mere moment of remembrance.
Ritus Narcissus
The myth of Narcissus provides a good lesson for modern liturgy. The handsome young man, so enchanted with his own looks, sat gazing at his reflection in the water. He could not bring himself to leave his image and so grew rooted to the spot, admiring himself.
Too many current songs encourage us to do the same. We talk to ourselves and sing love songs to ourselves. Just as Narcissus's self-adulation rendered himself incapable of a relationship and therefore of love, so also these hymns of conceit cripple our ability to speak with God. If God sees that we are so smitten with our own presence, He may judge us unfit to enter His.
Father Scalia is a priest in the diocese of Arlington and a frequent contributor to the Adoremus Bulletin.
***
*
Donald Trump's famously orange complexion almost turned red this week after the Presidential candidate just barely missed getting hit in the face with two tomatoes thrown by a protestor during a campaign rally at the University of Iowa.
Video footage of the incident surfaced yesterday and is as absurd as you'd imagine. The first tomato, which becomes visible at about the three-second mark, lacks momentum and barely makes it to the stage. Not to be deterred, a second tomato comes whizzing by Trump's head at about nine seconds in, just barely missing him by what seems like just a few inches.
DON'T MISS: Report reveals everything Apple will unveil at its upcoming March event
Trump responded in typical fashion, first stating calmly, “Get him out!”. But ever the performer, Trump then proceeded to butter up the audience by putting on a performance akin to a WWE promo. “Ready?”, Trump asked the crowd, knowingly revving them up. “Are you ready?” he asked once again before responding with an emphatic, “GET HIM OUT OF HERE!!”
And naturally, the crowd cheered wildly in approval.
Trump is nothing if not a showman. I'm almost surprised that Trump didn't pull out a Hulk Hogan move, cup his hands to his ears and say to the crowd, “I caaan't hear you!”
What an election year 2016 is shaping up to be; Donald Trump is running for President and is actually doing well in the polls. And now, apparently, people are throwing tomatoes at him as if he were up on stage as part of a 1920s vaudeville act gone wrong. What's next? Is someone going to try to pull Trump off-stage with a cane?
As for the tomato-throwing perp, he was quickly picked up by the Secret Service and was later identified as 28-year-old Andrew Joseph Alemao. According to CBS News, he spent Tuesday night in jail and was released on Wednesday after being charged with disorderly conduct.
Reportedly, Alemao sprung into action after Trump called Democratic Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders a communist.
Man just threw a tomato at Trump after he called Bernie Sanders a communist. #iacaucus — Brent Griffiths (@BrentGriffiths) January 27, 2016
Related stories
How much will the iPhone 8 cost if Trump is elected president?
Trump says he'll force Apple to build in the U.S. if he's elected - here's why he's dead wrong
Children at Trump rally sing about crushing America's foes with Trump's strength
More from BGR: Report reveals everything Apple will unveil at its upcoming March event
This article was originally published on BGR.com
Driver says Sonoma deputy pulled gun on him Officer in boy's shooting named in earlier incident
Investigator Lance Badger from the Santa Rosa police department shows Andy Lopez's toy replica gun (left) in comparison to an AK 47 assault style weapon (right) at a press conference in the community center in Santa Rosa, California, on Wednesday, October 23, 2013. less Investigator Lance Badger from the Santa Rosa police department shows Andy Lopez's toy replica gun (left) in comparison to an AK 47 assault style weapon (right) at a press conference in the community center in ... more Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Drivers says Sonoma deputy pulled gun on him 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
The Sonoma County sheriff's deputy who shot and killed a 13-year-old boy after mistaking his toy AK-47 for a real rifle pulled a gun on a motorist twice during a traffic stop on Highway 101 about two months earlier, the driver said Thursday.
Jeff Westbrook of Santa Rosa said he was mistreated by Deputy Erick Gelhaus after being pulled over Aug. 21 in Cotati for failing to signal a lane change in his BMW. The interaction troubled Westbrook so much that he recalled asking Gelhaus at one point, "Sir, is there something wrong with you?"
"I felt like I was watching somebody I needed to help," said Westbrook, 57, a program manager at an information technology company. "This was not right. He did not manage this correctly."
Gelhaus is on routine paid leave after the Oct. 22 shooting of eighth-grader Andy Lopez Cruz, who was walking with a replica AK-47 pellet gun near his home just outside Santa Rosa. His attorney declined Thursday to comment on Westbrook's allegations.
Gelhaus, who joined the sheriff's office 24 years ago, is a gun expert - an Iraq War veteran and hunter who serves as a field training officer and weapons instructor.
He told investigators he shot Andy because he thought the pellet gun was real and because he felt threatened when the boy turned toward him.
But Andy's friends and relatives believe the deputy overreacted and did not give the boy a chance to put the gun down.
Westbrook said he had hoped to meet with Gelhaus last week to clear the air about what happened during the traffic stop.
He said he had already discussed the incident with Gelhaus' supervisor, telling the sergeant he had concerns about the deputy's "emotional stability."
But a day after Andy was killed, Westbrook received an e-mail from Gelhaus' supervisor saying the deputy would be out of the office "due to unforeseen circumstances."
"Now I find out a child is involved. I am such an irrelevant part of this thing," Westbrook said. "I am devastated. I'm terribly shocked. I'm appalled."
Westbrook said he is now wondering whether he should have pressed his complaints.
"I'm struggling with that now," Westbrook said. "I'm wondering, if I had fought this a little more aggressively - actually waved around like a chimpanzee with my arms in the air to the district attorney's office and come down there physically - that maybe something could have changed. I don't know."
Assistant Sheriff Lorenzo Duenas said Thursday that he could not discuss Westbrook's traffic stop because it was a personnel issue and part of an internal investigation.
Westbrook said he and a colleague were traveling south on Highway 101 near Highway 116 when Gelhaus pulled them over and then approached the BMW on the passenger side.
There wasn't much room on the side of the highway, Westbrook said, so he rolled down his window and offered to move the car. That's when Gelhaus pulled a gun on him and yelled at him to turn the car off, Westbrook said. He said he responded that the car was already off.
According to Westbrook, Gelhaus returned to his cruiser to write a ticket. Several minutes later, the driver said, Gelhaus asked him to walk back to his cruiser and then pulled a gun on him a second time, asking him if he had any weapons before frisking him.
Westbrook said he finally asked the deputy why he had pulled him over, with Gelhaus referring to an illegal lane change. Westbrook said that's when he asked the deputy if he was OK. Gelhaus didn't answer, he said.
A Lexington man is accused of using his position at church to have sex with a juvenile.
Tony Sasnett, 39, is charged with five counts of rape and prohibited use of an electronic communication system.
Sasnett, who worked for the Greater Faith Apostolic Church, did not speak Friday during his arraignment in Fayette District Court. His attorney entered a not guilty plea on his behalf.
A police report says Sansett met the girl at church and was in a "position of special trust" with the girl, who is under 18. The police report also says Sasnett's accuser had "sexually explicit" messages, including nude photos, that were from him.
On Friday, Sasnett's attorney told the judge they do not think Sasnett was in a position of special trust with the girl.
A website for Greater Faith Apostolic Church listed Sasnett as their home Bible study director. (The page has since been taken down.)
The pastor of the church told WKYT in an email that Sasnett, who was a part-time employee, no longer works with the church.
Sansnett was being held in the Fayette County jail.
The two Week 13 byes take out two of the season's biggest surprise WRs (Terrelle Pryor Sr. and Rishard Matthews), but our latest edition of fantasy wide receiver rankings is still loaded with sleepers and waiver wire pickups who could easily start for teams this week.
Great matchups for teams like the Lions (at Saints) and Saints (vs. Lions) have their multi-faceted receiving corps ranked highly, and teams with so/so passing games (Bears, Texans, Bills, Chiefs) also have nice matchups, giving their respective receivers more value than usual.
It's tough to rank receivers in situations like that, especially when good passing teams (Packers, Raiders) have tough matchups, but that just creates more possibilities for owners in must-win matchups.
WEEK 13 RANKINGS:
Quarterback | Running back | Tight end | D/ST | Kicker
Note: We'll be updating our WR rankings and providing analysis throughout the week, so check back often!
Check out my FIM title card project jowybean.deviantart.com/galler…
Until next deviation LATERS Bronies
If any one remembers the PS2 Herdy Gerdy i was listening to the OSTand felt inspired to create this clam secnic pony piece as i listened to it.Also I was taking in inspiration from the old masters use of colour and detail to try a less vibrant approach to the paintings setting. It's supposed to be a random abandoned windmill outside of the ponyville area i thought it was an adorable idea that the CMCs would go off exploring with Fluttershy.fun fact this was my first time drawing semi real ducksXD i need to get better at drawing real animals.
painted in Photoshop CS6 with my Wacom Pro in 5 hours
Like it hate it It's up to you not marmite
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A Spring Brook Twp. couple have sued a Scranton doctor and Moses Taylor Hospital for what they say was a botched circumcision for their son.
The couple's attorney, Peter Paul Olszewski Jr., on Thursday filed the civil suit in Lackawanna County Court claiming Maria T. Bigus, D.O., disfigured and caused permanent damage to the boy's penis while performing a routine circumcision procedure in August 2013.
The Times-Tribune is withholding the names of the parents and their son because of the child's age.
Commonwealth Health, Moses Taylor Hospital's parent company, does not comment on pending litigation, spokeswoman Renita Fennick said.
The lawsuit says Dr. Bigus performed the circumcision on Aug. 7, one day after the boy was born, but failed to take extra precautions to account for hypospadias, an abnormalitiy in his penis that occurs when the urethra is in the wrong position.
The suit accuses Dr. Bigus and the hospital of failing to assess the infant's condition before and during the procedure.
A physical exam report dated Aug. 8 — the day after the procedure — noted the abnormality, but by that point, the damage had been done.
After leaving the hospital, the boy's parents noticed a split urine stream, a symptom of a blockage in his penis, which will require complicated surgery to correct.
The parents have been told their son's condition could require future surgeries, and the injuries from the circumcision are of a “continuing and permanent nature,” the suit says.
The suit seeks restitution for all damages that are allowed by law.
Contact the writer:
joconnell@timesshamrock.com,
@jon_oc on Twitter
The PC specs for Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 have been confirmed well ahead of the game's November 6 release.
Releasing the specs over six months before the game is due highlights how far along the game is in development. The specs are designed with low end and high-end builds in mind.
Get a load of these:
Operating System: Windows 7 64-Bit / Windows 8 64-Bit / Windows 8.1 64-Bit
Processor: Intel® Core™ i3-530 @ 2.93 GHz / AMD Phenom™ II X4 810 @ 2.60 GHz
Memory: 6 GB RAM
Graphics: NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 470 @ 1GB / ATI® Radeon™ HD 6970 @ 1GB
DirectX: Version 11
Network: Broadband Internet connection
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
“We have a dedicated team working on features and optimisation specifically for the PC that's focused on ensuring we can deliver the best PC game possible for Call of Duty,” said Treyarch boss Mark Lamia at a briefing last week.
“For players on high-end rigs there are feature-rich options for them. You've invested in your rig, you want to be able to turn on all those options and play all maxed out.”
“And with moderate PCs we're doing a lot of optimisations up front and making sure you can have an awesome experience too.”
Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 will be released on November 6. All players who pre-order the game will get access to the open beta.
Matt Martin recently visited Treyarch Studios. Activision paid for accommodation and flights.
The Supreme Court is likely to soon review a set of controversial rulings, called the Hindutva judgements, that exonerated the Shiv Sena's Bal Thackeray and Manohar Joshi from charges of indulging in hate speech.
The court said on January 30 that a constitution bench must expedite a long-pending case involving hate speech in which the Bharatiya Janata Party's Abhiram Singh has sought to use these Hindutva judgements in his defence.
In 1996, when Singh's case first came up for hearing in the Supreme Court, a three-judge bench had said that Justice JS Verma's rulings on Hindutva the previous year had the potential to cause grave harm to secular, democratic politics, and referred the case to a larger, five-judge constitution bench. This bench has now referred the matter to an even larger, seven-judge bench, urging it to expedite the case and review the Hindutva judgements.
This is a huge welcome, if belated, move because the Hindutva judgements are deeply flawed and have encouraged the further use of hate speech as a vote-getting tactic. This violates Section 123 (3) of the Representation of the People Act, which prohibits "corrupt" election practices, including canvassing for votes in the name of religion.
Justice Verma's rulings came in response to cases filed against Bal Thackeray, the founder of the Maharashtra-based nativist Shiv Sena, and his party colleague Manohar Joshi, Maharashtra's chief minister at the time, for violating this section. The petitioner had filed a case against Thackeray for exhorting a Mumbai crowd in November 1987 to vote for a Hindu candidate and to teach Muslims a lesson. "Anybody who stands against the Hindus should be worshipped with shoes," Thackeray had said. "Under every mosque there is a Hindu temple. They should bear in mind that this is a country of Hindus."
Similarly, the petitioner filed a case against Joshi for railing against Muslims to a huge crowd in Shivaji Park in central Mumbai in February 1990 and promising to turn Maharashtra into a Hindu rashtra. "Hinduism is in danger because minorities have raced ahead by cornering all privileges and patronage of the government," Joshi said.
Given that the two politicians used the most direct language that left no room for interpretation, Justice Verma should have held both Thackeray and Joshi guilty for straightforward violations of Section 123 (3). Instead, Justice Verma exonerated them and justified this based on his views about religious texts and tenets. In his rulings, he observed, among other things, that Hindutva was a "state of mind, a way of life" synonymous with Indianisation and did not therefore constitute narrow, fundamentalist Hindu religious bigotry. In relation to Manohar Joshi, Justice Verma said that he had not appealed for votes in the name of religion but had only expressed his hopes for the state.
The rulings, delivered in December 1995, suffer from several flaws, but two are particularly glaring. First is the fact that the rulings ignored a Supreme Court judgement handed down five months earlier, in July, ruling that judges should not undertake theological explorations of Hinduism while interpreting Section 123 (3).
Second is the fact that the rulings glossed over the political and historical context in which the two Shiv Sena leaders made their speeches. The BJP's Ram Janmabhoomi movement to demand the construction of a temple in Ayodhya at the site of a 16th century mosque was in full swing, leading up to the party president LK Advani's rath yatra, an election tour on a chariot, in 1990. While setting off, Advani described the tour as a crusade for Hindutva and against "pseudo-secularism".
In 1996, the BJP's Abhiram Singh cited Justice Verma's Hindutva judgements, as they came to be known, to defend himself in the Supreme Court while appealing against a Bombay High Court verdict that had found him guilty of violating Section 123 (3). The High Court had set aside Singh's election to the Maharashtra assembly in 1990, saying that not only had he appealed for votes in the name of Hinduism, but that this appeal had also endangered communal harmony.
The Sangh parivar also gloated about the judgement. "The Supreme Court has fully and unambiguously endorsed the concept of Hindutva which the BJP has been propounding since its inception,” said an editorial in the Organiser, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Samiti's official publication, in January 1996. The BJP's 1999 election manifesto lauded the court for finally endorsing “the true meaning and context of Hindutva as being consistent with the definition of secularism.”
But what Justice Verma's pronouncements did was to destroy the heart of Section 123 (3) and to embolden demagogues to use hate speech to win votes. The most flagrant example was a speech delivered by the BJP's before the 2009 general election in Pilibhit, Uttar Pradesh, in which he was accused of claiming to be the only saviour of Hindus in the country and swearing on the Gita that he would “cut off the hands that are raised against Hindus". Gandhi was arrested and spent almost three weeks in jail, but he claimed the tapes of his speech were doctored and the court controversially exonerated him four years later.
As the BJP gears up for a bruising 2014 election campaign to have Hindutva icon Narendra Modi elected prime minister, the court's decision could help limit intemperate appeals to voters on the basis of religion.
The Strange Quark In 1947 during a study of cosmic ray interactions, a product of a proton collision with a nucleus was found to live for a much longer time than expected: 10-10 seconds instead of the expected 10-23 seconds! This particle was named the lambda particle ( Λ0 ) and the property which caused it to live so long was dubbed "strangeness" and that name stuck to be the name of one of the quarks from which the lambda particle is constructed. The lambda is a baryon which is made up of three quarks: an up, a down and a strange quark. The shorter lifetime of 10-23 seconds was expected because the lambda as a baryon participates in the strong interaction, and that usually leads to such very short lifetimes. The long observed lifetime helped develop a new conservation law for such decays called the "conservation of strangeness". The presence of a strange quark in a particle is denoted by a quantum number S=-1. Particle decay by the strong or electromagnetic interactions preserve the strangeness quantum number. The decay process for the lambda particle must violate that rule, since there is no lighter particle which contains a strange quark - so the strange quark must be transformed to another quark in the process. That can only occur by the weak interaction, and that leads to a much longer lifetime. The decay processes show that strangeness is not conserved: The quark transformations necessary to accomplish these decay processes can be visualized with the help of Feynman diagrams. The omega-minus, a baryon composed of three strange quarks, is a classic example of the need for the property called "color" in describing particles. Since quarks are fermions with spin 1/2, they must obey the Pauli exclusion principle and cannot exist in identical states. So with three strange quarks, the property which distinguishes them must be capable of at least three distinct values. Conservation of strangeness is not in fact an independent conservation law, but can be viewed as a combination of the conservation of charge, isospin, and baryon number. It is often expressed in terms of hypercharge Y, defined by: Isospin and either hypercharge or strangeness are the quantum numbers often used to draw particle diagrams for the hadrons. Table of quark properties
\$\begingroup\$
You often switch between matrices and lists in the dotp function. Since that is an essential part of your code called every iteration and your data is a matrix, you should be using matrices everywhere.
In the documentation is noted, that there is a functor instance. That means you can use the function fmap on the matrix, which (in this case) maps a function over every cell. This means you can swap map (map fromIntegral) with fmap fromIntegral . The equivalent to zipWith (zipWith ..) is called elementwise .
The generations function doesn't seem to be called: you can avoid having dead code by compiling with warnings enabled, -Wall . The flipSign function is predefined and called negate .
I have changed nonlin to make the variable explicit, otherwise it wouldn't be clear what this Bool actually does. Furthermore, I have added some comments.
Finally, I have changed nextGeneration as there is no need to carry the l1 variable if it isn't needed by the next step. I've extracted that into a function (and so have to take the 9999th iteration in main ).
Here is my version of the code:
NEW DELHI: Criticising the Indian bowlers for conceding no balls at crucial juncture of the semi-final match against West Indies, former captain Sunil Gavaskar said it is "unacceptable for a spinner to bowl a no ball"."The spinners are really not expected to bowl a no ball. Fast bowlers, in their effort to ball a yorker or a bouncer, can sometimes overstep. Thus, for a spinner to bowl a no ball is unacceptable. This is something you got to practice in the nets," Gavaskar told 'NDTV'.Title aspirants India were knocked out of the ICC World Twenty20 with a heartbreaking seven-wicket defeat at the hands of West Indies, who capitalised on the home team's sloppy bowling display in a high-scoring semi-final showdown in Mumbai.He insisted that West Indies have proved that cricket is a team game."West Indies is not a one-man team. We were talking about Chris Gayle versus Virat Kohli. He didn't score runs. But look how others put their hands up and contributed. It has always been a team game. We tend to highlight one and two players and that is understandable. But it is never a one-man game and West Indies have proven that," said the legendary batsman.Gavaskar said rather than talking about India's deficiencies, he would like to pay tribute to the West Indies, who capitalised on the chances they got."I would like to give credit to the West Indies. They capitalised on all the chances they got. Even West Indies had missed chances to run out Virat Kohli twice and he cashed on it, scoring 89 and taking India to 192. West Indies also batted absolutely brilliantly."The 66-year-old felt India fell short by 20 runs."I think India could have scored 20 runs more. I think it was possible. There was a time when we might have. Despite getting a good start, we never really actually got to more than eight runs an over."Eight runs an over against a good batting side and on a good batting pitch is not really expected, particularly with guys in form. You would expect more than 10 runs an over. So, I think even the West Indian bowlers bowled well," he said.Stating that "everything sort of worked against India", Gavaskar said: "It was a pitch for the batsmen. The ball was coming on to the bat very nicely. There was not much you could do with the dew factor and so the spinners were not able to grip the ball."Gavaskar said toss should not be a factor in major games like semi-finals and finals of a tournament."Once I was doing commentary with Clive Lloyd when he was the chairman of ICC Cricket committee. He made a very good point. He said 'when you come to the semi-finals and final, toss should not be factor'. It should be a day game, where there is no dew because in day/night game, there would be a situation where dew might get into play. I think it is a very valid point."Elaborating on the need for India to focus on their bowling, the former skipper said: "They have got to improve as far as their bowling is concerned because their bowling while defending does take a bit of battering. India were lucky to get wickets of full tosses."Their batting has always been their strength. When they bat first, they should put up such a huge total, expecting that one or two of their bowlers would not do well."India will not be playing too much of limited-over cricket this year and Gavaskar said Dhoni must keep training during that period when he is not playing international cricket."Clearly, he is going to play some cricket. After the IPL , he can play Caribbean Premier League. Even in England, just before the English season conclude. If he does that, he gets a practice. Though, I don't know whether he will be allowed to do so by the BCCI."My honest advice to Dhoni after IPL is to take a break but not too much of a break. When you take little bit of a break in international cricket, it is hard to catch up. Keep playing, keep training and you can come back for the next season," concluded Gavaskar.
Spanish street-artist David de la Mano depicts anonymous hordes of soldier-like silhouettes marching to unknown destinations within a real world. The characters have legs and arms that appear to morph into tree limbs and roots–a reference to displacement–although some seem to have the heads of animals like dogs or birds. His latest pieces seem to consciously draw connections to the continuing refugee crisis. The artist is currently in London ahead of an upcoming solo show titled “Adrift” at Hang-Up Pictures.
All united, they are traveling to a destination unknown. Boats with broken sails and girls with animal heads ramble without direction but are all connected by an uncertain journey.
Adrift portrays the anonymous epic of traveling on a rough boat or passing through fortified wire fences — all aspects of the present fear of several nations to the refugee invasion. Adrift diagnoses the classic concept of migration and type behavior. It refers to the drifting motion which characterizes the migrant's journey along with also the determination and strength that grows and develops when your house and your neighborhood have already been disfigured.
De la Mano is producing some new acrylic, java, and ink functions for the Adrift show, using some of the profits from 1 variant to be contributed to the Refugee Community Kitchen. Seen here are some recent murals in London, Germany, and Italy, with added murals on his blog.
Depending on your time zone, PHP 7 was finally released on 3rd/4th of December 2015. Even though the general recommendation for production servers is to wait for a little bit and gather some experiences before upgrading, some of us want to jump right on and upgrade to PHP 7.
Thanks to Ondřej Surý and the PPAs he is maintaining for us, my experience with upgrading from PHP 5 to PHP 7 was quite smooth. It's not difficult at all, but you need to stay focused in a couple of places.
First of all, add the new repository for PHP 7:
$ apt-get install software-properties-common $ add-apt-repository ppa:ondrej/php
In the next command, we'll remove PHP 5 from your system and install PHP 7. You might want to keep a backup of your config files for reference.
$ apt-get update && apt-get purge php5-fpm && apt-get --purge autoremove && apt-get install php7.0-fpm php7.0-mysql php7.0-curl php7.0-gd php7.0-json php7.0-mcrypt php7.0-opcache php7.0-xml
At this point, php5-fpm should be gone, and the php7.0-fpm service is running. It is, however, unlikely that your website is running properly – because the PHP-FPM socket file will have changed. If you're running Nginx, you must update your fastcgi_pass directive to this:
fastcgi_pass unix:/run/php/php7.0-fpm.sock;
And restart Nginx: $ service nginx restart
You most likely will want to edit the PHP-FPM pool file found in /etc/php/7.0/fpm/pool.d/www.conf :
My Nginx instance runs as the user/group nginx , so I need to change the following directives:
listen.owner = nginx listen.group = nginx
(run $ grep "^user" /etc/nginx/nginx.conf to find your value here)
There is also a good chance you might want to change the user and group directives at the beginning of the file. However, I'm fine with them beeing set to www-data , because I use strict file ownership for WordPress.
After modifying the pool file, remember to restart the PHP-FPM process:
Citra, an in-development emulator that plays Nintendo 3DS games, recently added high-definition resolution support and the results are pretty amazing: Games like Super Mario 3D Land, Mario Kart 7 and The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds look incredible in HD.
Nintendo 3DS games typically run at 400 by 240 resolution (and double that to render stereoscopic 3D images). Citra's creators released images of various 3DS games running at 1600 by 900 resolution on the emulator's website, showing off just how well some 3DS games scale up.
Here are a few highlights:
The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D
Kirby Triple Deluxe
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D
Mario Kart 7
The Citra emulator supported playable Nintendo 3DS games in 2015, but development is far from over, its creators say. The developers are still working on audio and stability issues, but say that "2016 is quickly shaping up as a year filled with higher compatibility, greater stability and much more as Citra mature[s]."
Citra is an open-source emulator and supports Linux, Mac and Windows PC.
Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP/Press Association Images LONDON — EU figures are deliberately trying to swing the general election against the Conservatives, Theresa May said in an extraordinary speech outside Downing Street.
The prime minister claimed that European politicians and officials had launched a deliberate campaign to swing the result of the election on June 8th.
"Britain's negotiating position has been misrepresented in the continental press," May said.
"The European Commission's negotiating stance has hardened.
"Threats against Britain have been issued by European politicians and officials. All of these acts have been deliberately timed to affect the result of the UK general election that will take place on the 8th June."
She added that while "Britain means no harm to our friends and allies" it had become clear that "there are some in Brussels who do not want these talks to succeed and do not want Britain to prosper."
Watch Theresa May: EU leaders are trying to swing the election
May's speech follows a series of briefings against May and her ministers in the European press.
Conservative MP Sir Bill Cash, chairman of the Commons European scrutiny committee, told The Telegraph that he was "certain" that Germany was trying to influence the general election that will take place on June 8, this year:
"What they are doing is trying to exploit a new kind of project fear and that is not going to work on the British people. They are playing an unwise and dangerous game and I think they have been working towards this for a long time."
An extensive leak of a meeting between Juncker and Theresa May appeared in the German press over the weekend, depicting Juncker as dismayed at May's position on Brexit negotiations. He reportedly told May as he left the dinner: "I leave Downing Street 10 times more skeptical than I was before."
Downing Street has reacted furiously to the leaks and Theresa May hit back on Tuesday by telling the BBC she will be "a bloody difficult woman" in talks with Juncker
The road to the afterlife is a dangerous journey. It often twists and turns, falling off into the infinite void. A foolish step and all is lost... but sometimes you have to give up everything to see the glimmer in the darkness.
Heretic; that is what her lover was branded before he was drowned in the river at the hands of the people she once served.
Spirit Walker is her birthright; a gifted soul who grants spirits passage down the river of souls to face judgement or paradise.
A choice is what she must make; Enter the world of the spirit and turn her back on her life for a heretic's love. To face the perils of a shadowy world full of mist and majesty.
The River is our homage to traditional adventure games like Zelda: Ocarina of Time and Shadows of the Colossus. Games that basically changed what we thought was possible.
The River will be released on PC/Mac through Steam ( also Gamefly for those of you who are concerned about DRM). One of our stretch goals is to bring this to the XBox Live Arcade and Playstation Network, as well, and development for multiple platforms is something we've considered in the design process from conception.
More details, in engine screenshots and videos are inbound soon, but here are the basics:
The river is a 3D, third person Action-Adventure game with a heavy focus on story driven character development.
Movement mechanics (Running, jumping, climbing, etc) are not just a means of getting though a level, but skills to master. Ours are inspired by Parkour and free-running techniques and give our main character, Sai, a really distinct feel as she moves about the screen. Every level will require skill, timing and strategy to fully discover and complete.
Once you've managed to puzzle a path through the level (oftentimes there is more than one, with occasional rewards for taking a less beaten path) you'll find yourself facing a River Guardian. These are spirits that have been inescapably bound to the river itself through tragedy, their own failures when they were alive and a variety of deeply written back-stories that are referenced throughout the level leading up to them.
Each Guardian, once overcome, brands a tattoo on Sai. This gives her a stable of abilities that will make it possible for her to progress on her journey. The Guardian encounters are epic in scale, diverse in their implementation and each contribute their own chapter to the story.
This game is about growth through conflict and discovery. The flow of the experience is designed to swing you between tense moments of frantic action, the exaltation of fortuitous discovery and the satisfaction of challenges conquered; all the while letting you experience a detailed world we can't wait to share with you. The Shrine of Fei Lin concept. (The boss arena for the first level) Shrine of Fei Lin in-game WIP. Another in-game render of the Shrine of Fei Lin.
Here at Sword vs. Axe we are 100% committed to games as virtual experiences rather than an escapist distraction. We hold games to be an art form, as valuable a medium as books and film, and an interactive connection to the source of what it means to experience the human condition. We, like you, have long-lasting and amazing memories attached to our favorite games. Our goal is to expand on those moments through each game we make, and this is where we start. We're mapping strange new worlds and writing brave new stories, and the best part is... We want to share them with you through our games.
The Inner Pool. Where the spirit leaves the body to begin the journey down the river.
Founded by a small group of Army combat veterans, the SvA team is intense, dedicated, smart and used to accomplishing difficult tasks. We only mention that we're vets because we want you to know that we've been places; to help explain where we can take you. We've each had some very “outside the box” experiences which have informed our philosophies about life. Those experiences and philosophies help us tell stories from a unique perspective, an insight to parts of humanity that many people don't get a chance to see, and lets us explore those things in order to give you rich, deep characters. The kinds of characters you cry with. Characters who you find yourself at the edge of your seat rooting for. That haunt you even when you're away from the screen. The bottom line is; we love a fun game with a great story, and refuse to create anything less.
The monastery, sitting atop the great mountain of Ghorra.
Crowd funding is something we care very deeply about because we believe that you as players should have a say in how games are developed. We'd rather answer to our fans and customers who have the same passion for the industry as we do rather than rely on third party polls or trend charts. We prefer to hear directly from you,with the promise that we WILL listen. Your enthusiasm and support drives us.
The tribal village your great journey begins in.
While we do bring formidable skill, dedication and passion to this particular battlefield, we need your help to squeeze every last drop of production value into this game. Your donation allows us to: Boost the quality of this creation. Help us breathe life into this vivid, action packed story.
Add more content to the game in the form of larger environments and extended story vignettes to increase replay value.
Add an original orchestral soundtrack scored by composer Justin Lassen. ( Grimm: Quest For The Gatherer's Key and Out of Hell)
Develop for multiple platforms to give you more options for when and where you want to enjoy our game
Once we surpass those goals, we plan to add mobile support and develop apps that tie in with the game that allow you to earn additional achievements and reward you for enjoying something we've worked very hard to put into your hands. Raise your blade to a new direction in gaming, and we'll see to the rest.
With your donation and constant input, we'll bring this game through every step of the process... together!
Stretch Goals
Here's a list of our initial stretch goals (rewards for you if the donation goal is surpassed.) We'll keep adding on as you keep donating over our intended goal! So please, make us work hard to come up with some additional stretches!
$550,000 : Pursue Xbox & Playstation release.
: Pursue Xbox & Playstation release. $600,000 : Expansion of in game content: The Tomb of Ton Mar.
: Expansion of in game content: The Tomb of Ton Mar. $650,000 : Expansion of in game content: The Children of Jin Su.
: Expansion of in game content: The Children of Jin Su. $700,000 : Expansion of in game content: Campfire and advanced flute system.
: Expansion of in game content: Campfire and advanced flute system. $750,000 : Development for Linux.
: Development for Linux. $800,000 : Cooperative play!
: Cooperative play! $850,000 : Release Soundtrack.
: Release Soundtrack. $900,000: Mobile App that ties into the game.
Thanks for your support,
All of us here at Sword vs. Axe
The Falls. A Spirit Walker emerges from the Inner Pool to find herself here, in the portal to the spirit realm.
FAQ
A 72-year-old woman who was raped by a teenage migrant has the 'lost the will to live' a few months before her attacker is due to be released from jail in Austria.
The woman is reportedly fighting for her life in the intensive care ward at her local hospital after she stopped eating and is now only being kept alive by machines.
Her daughter, who until the tragedy was a refugee aid worker, said: 'I knew it would eventually end like this.'
The pensioner was attacked on 1 September 2015 by a 17-year-old asylum seeker from Afghanistan when she offered him her hand to pull him out of a canal where he was swimming.
When the case went to court in January this year, the teen, identified as Wahab M., was given a 20-month jail sentence.
The Afghan teen who raped a 72-year-old woman is pictured (right) entering a courtroom in Austria
He will not be deported when he is released because the punishment is not more than three years.
The woman was attacked in autumn last year while walking her dog alongside the canal in Traiskirchen, where Austria's largest refugee centre is located.
She told the court at the time: 'It was a really hot day and I decided to take my dog for a walk along the Schwechat River, and saw two young men swimming there.'
She said that one of the young men had offered her his hand, asking her to help him onto the bank, which she had given.
She said: 'Suddenly, I felt a blow from behind.'
The pensioner was attacked on 1 September 2015. The 17-year-old was handed a 20-month sentence in January this year
She was grabbed then pushed to the ground, and the attacker put his hand over her mouth and used his other hand to tear off her clothing and rape her.
A friend of the elderly woman, Hans Vesely, 72, said: 'The dog that she had with her was 13 years old and was sadly not up to protecting his mistress from the attack.'
The woman, who weighs just 7.5 stone, managed to get herself home where she locked the door and was later found by a friend.
Vesely said: 'She is not the same woman anymore. She doesn't trust being left on her own and does not leave home, and she's become very weak since the incident.'
I went to the Louvre twice, but I never saw the Mona Lisa because it was covered with people. I do remember one of the guards though. He was fascinating.
Some people need to see something great to get inspired. Me, I don't care for monuments. I get inspired by the little things.
3 days ago, I found myself staring at a parking lot. It was wet and covered with brown fallen leaves at the corners. It had 2 cars, one was old, the other new. It was beautiful, but I think you had to be there.
Everything has a story. All you have to do is find it. Look at something boring for long enough, and you will fall in love with it.
If you haven't done this for a while, you are too busy being a grown up.
So –
Go out and find a stupid fence of something. Stare at it like it was the freakin' Mona Lisa.
You will find that your own street is more beautiful than the most beautiful art gallery you've ever seen. Even if it's butt-ugly. Especially if it's butt-ugly.
Tweet tweet
Want to know more about the creative process?
Comments
comments
Story So Far
The following contains detailed story elements from content including the “Sphere of Influence” and “A Step Between Stars” Featured Episodes. If you have not played these episodes, you may want to do so before reading further.
From: Jiro Sugihara, Federation Diplomatic Corps
Re: Pre-Conference Briefing
Preliminary Briefing
First off, allow me to thank all of you for your efforts on behalf of the Federation Council and the Federation Diplomatic Corps. Now that several of you have had your security clearances raised in anticipation of the upcoming meetings, I would like to take this opportunity to give you a brief summary of the events that have led us to this point.
During the colonization of New Romulus, officers assisting the Romulan Republic found a hidden underground chamber that contained an Iconian gateway. Partial historical records found on the planet revealed that the world was once an Iconian colony world, and that the native species there, the Dewans, served and worshiped the Iconians.
Centuries later, after the departure of the Iconians, the Dewans attempted to harness the power of the gateway for themselves. The attempt failed, causing a planetwide cataclysm that severely damaged the planet's atmosphere and led to the decline and eventual extinction of the Dewan people.
After the gateway was discovered, a team from the Romulan Republic began to study the device, intending on sharing it as a valuable scientific and cultural resource with their allies in the Federation and the Klingon Empire. Despite careful preparations, the gateway malfunctioned upon activation causing a series of seismic instabilities that threatened to destroy New Romulus.
Survivors trapped in the chamber by the quakes were led by Ambassador Worf through the gateway, and found themselves in a hidden subspace facility that was intended for use as a control center for the gateway network. While exploring this base, the survivors were beset by automated defenses and a mysterious solanogen-based lifeform that cannot live unassisted in normal space.
The survivors reset the gateway network to stop the seismic events and save New Romulus, but in doing so they revealed the existence of a massive gateway in the Jouret system. Using an ancient Solanae ship they found and the assistance of allies from Starfleet, the Klingon Empire and the Romulan Republic, the survivors fought off an attacking Elachi fleet and saved the system from destruction.
Resetting the gateway network had long-term implications, however. The Jenolan Dyson sphere, discovered by the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise-D in 2369 and the subject of a long-term research project headed by the Starfleet Corps of Engineers, disappeared the instant the network was reset. In addition, the gateway in the Jouret system locked on a fixed location at the edge of the Delta Quadrant – another Dyson sphere.
The detection of Omega particles in the new Dyson sphere activated Starfleet's Omega Protocol, along with similar directives in the Klingon Defense Force and the Romulan Republic Militia. Representatives from all three groups agreed to a joint exploration of the sphere with a focus on neutralizing the threat of the Omega particles.
The sphere, known as the Solanae Dyson sphere, was found to have been the home of the Solanae, an Iconian servitor race. It was constructed with Iconian assistance, and was used by the retreating Iconians as a refuge after they were forced to abandon their homeworld. The massive sphere was capable of housing multitudes, and had the ability to “jump” through subspace using the Omega particles generated by the sphere as fuel.
At the request of the Iconians, the Solanae attempted to jump the sphere deeper into unexplored space. The Omega particle generators overloaded during the move, causing a large-scale incident that destroyed areas of the sphere and forever altered Solanae physiology, forcing them to leave their home and retreat into subspace.
Abandoned, the sphere drifted undiscovered until found by a Voth expeditionary force looking for weapons to use against the Borg, who had invaded Voth territory. Recognizing the power of the sphere, but believing it to have been created by their ancestors, the Voth prepared to activate the sphere and take it back to their homeworld, where they planned to use the Omega particles it contained to create barriers that would block all interstellar travel into Voth space.
The Voth clashed with Dyson Joint Command, fighting in both space and ground for control of the sphere. Eventually, both groups found their way to a station hidden near the sphere's star, where the controls for the sphere's jump were concealed.
The Voth wanted to move the sphere. A team led by Admiral Tuvok arrived to shut down the sphere's jump capabilities once and for all. Tuvok's team succeeded, but at the cost of opening another Iconian gateway.
Pursuing the Voth through this gateway, Tuvok and his team found themselves in the missing Jenolan Dyson sphere, which had jumped deep into the Delta Quadrant! After getting their bearings, the team was planning on returning to the Solanae sphere when they were attacked by an Undine fleet called to their location by Dr. Eric Cooper, a member of Tuvok's team who then revealed himself as an Undine infiltrator. It was Cooper who manipulated Tuvok into opening the Iconian gateway as a means of giving the Undine fleets almost instantaneous access to anywhere in the Alpha and Beta quadrants!
While the initial Undine forces were defeated, disputes about what to do about the Undine and control of the Jenolan Dyson sphere now threaten to destroy the Dyson Joint Alliance. Admiral Tuvok has organized a summit at the Jenolan sphere that will hopefully settle some of these questions.
Your presence is respectfully requested.
- - - - -
Click here to learn more about Legacy of Romulus, our free-to-play expansion for Star Trek Online. Advance your journey of rebuilding the Romulan legacy with a Legacy Pack purchase! Click on the logo below to learn more about it.
Want more game details, screens, and videos? Like Star Trek Online on Facebook for more exclusive content and follow us on Twitter – tweet us your questions! And, subscribe to our YouTube channel for the latest Star Trek Online videos.
Driverless trucks are coming to Alberta's mining operations. Last week, Suncor Energy Inc. confirmed that it has entered a 5-year agreement with a Japanese manufacturer of autonomous vehicles. The company has already agreed to buy 175 driverless trucks, and a spokesperson says it plans to replace its entire fleet by the end of the decade. Local union members are concerned that the technology could lead to the loss of hundreds of jobs.
Day 6 got the reaction of two stakeholders from opposite ends of the automated vehicle debate: Barrie Kirk is is the executive director of the Canadian Automated Vehicles Centre of Excellence consulting firm. And Steve Kelly is the Treasurer for Unifor Local 707A in Fort McMurray. He has been operating heavy equipment with Suncor for ten years.
Interviews have been edited for clarity and length.
BARRIE KIRK
Describe to me what we're talking about here. How big are the heavy haul trucks?
The trucks in the oil patch are huge. These are the big monster trucks that carry ore and dirt from where it's been scraped from the ground to a processing site. So they are 20-30 meters tall, with wheels a couple of times taller than the average person.
How difficult is it to control a piece of technology so gigantic and so specialized?
On the private property of the oil patch, not all that difficult. There's already a lot of computing power on those trucks, so you just have to give the onboard computers the right commands. The controls are electronic — "drive by wire," as it's called. It would be far, far more complicated to have an automated car driving in downtown Toronto.
And what about the people who drive the trucks now? If it's "drive by wire," why do they make so much money?
Because there's a huge responsibility. There is some training required, and I think a lot of people in the oil patch make a lot of money. The hours are long, and they earn their money from those realities.
So you're saying it's not that specialized work then?
I don't want to oversimplify it, but a good driver can be trained to drive those trucks easily.
Suncor is about to purchase 175 driverless trucks and is looking to make the entire fleet autonomous by the end of the decade. Are they ahead of their time in implementing this technology?
No, they're right in the mainstream. Autonomous trucks have been in use in Australian mining operations for a year or two now. Really, what the industry is doing here is picking the low-hanging fruit. It's a lot easier to design and operate an autonomous truck on private property like the oil sands than it is on a public road. And there are a number of motivations. Computers drive better and more safely and better than humans. Unfortunately, there will be jobs lost. But the work that Suncor has been doing with a prototype for the last couple years has proven to them that they can save money on fuel. They will save money on maintenance costs because there's less wear and tear. Also, the huge mammoth tires will last longer. At fifty thousand dollars a pop, that's very important.
Will they lose money if they don't keep up with what's happening in this industry?
They will lose money, and obviously some of the competitive edge. If they don't do it, others will.
Tell me about the people who drive these trucks now. How much money are they making?
It varies. Way north of $100,000 a year. That's a lot of money. And unfortunately, with this technology, there will be a lot of job losses; not just in the trucking industry, but also in other areas, like transit.
You say that computers are safer. But we all know that computers can malfunction. How can you assure us that it will be safer in the long run?
Because they will not be sold for public use until they are safe and proven to be safe. But I also want to make one very important comment here. Computers will be safer drivers, there's no doubt about that. But you're right. All hardware and software fails occasionally. There will be collisions. There will be injuries. And, very tragically, there will be fatalities. But Google has said that when their vehicles are commercially available, they will be safer than human drivers. All the thought leaders in this area agree with that.
What advice would you give to someone who's currently training to become a heavy haul driver?
This is a specialized area, so it's a good area to get into in the short term. But in the long term, plan on getting a different line of work.
But it sounds like the long term is very short right now. We're talking about a full implementation of the vehicles by the end of the decade.
Yes. By 2020, we'll start to see fully autonomous vehicles in the showrooms. Initially the deployment will be gradual, but the real tipping point will be about 2025.
In your opinion, how prepared are Canadians to embrace driverless technology?
People will adapt, I've got no doubt about that. One thing that concerns me is this interim period where we do have computers and people sharing the same highways. That'll be more dangerous. So from one perspective, the sooner we can move to a computer-only environment, the safer it will be for all of us.
What about the job costs? Do you think that people will also be able to rationalize the number of people who are put out of work by the vehicles?
We at CAVCOE teamed up with the Conference Board of Canada and the Van Horne Institute, and we showed that the Canadian economy would benefit by $65 billion dollars a year through the full deployment of automated vehicles. There will be a lot of job losses. But my hope is that governments at all levels will take job retraining seriously, and will help ease the transition for those people who are negatively affected.
STEVE KELLY
Steve, you operate one of these heavy hauler trucks yourself. How worried are you about your job security?
It's concerning. The idea of having driverless haul trucks is very scary. When you consider the potential job loss, which could be up to 800 jobs on our work site, it's nerve wracking. There are a lot of things that we are taking in consideration; it's not just the job losses but the safety factor as well.
Barry Kirk just told us that heavy haulers are relatively simple to operate. Do you agree with that?
No. I wouldn't agree with that at all. I've been operating equipment at Suncor for 10 years now, and there's nothing easy about our job. There are ever-changing conditions that we have to constantly try to maneuver around — whether it's rain, snow, icy roads, or just the roads themselves. In the type of mining that we do, the conditions are always changing. And as Barry said, machinery does fail. Humans are apt to react quickly to those changing conditions, on a second-by-second or millisecond-by-millisecond basis.
If Suncor follows through on its plans to replace the whole fleet by 2020, how many people will lose their jobs by your reckoning?
Suncor has been very clear with us that they're in the testing phases right now, that implementation of an entire truck fleet wouldn't be possible by 2020. That said, job loss is job loss. It's not just myself or the people sitting beside me. There is the future that we have to take in consideration as well. Whether it's one haul truck operator or 800 haul truck operators, we all feel the pain, and there's a ripple effect that comes with that. We will be fighting against replacing a blood-and-guts operator that supports his community versus a computer.
But Mr. Kirk said driverless trucks are safer, because they eliminate human error. What's wrong with that argument?
Barry said it best. We know that computers fail, and I don't want to work in an environment where we expect things bad to happen. We want to make sure we're planning for a journey to zero where nobody gets hurt. Whether we are working around another haul truck or running other pieces of equipment, we have the capacity to feel the pain when somebody gets hurt. We're always looking out for those people around us.
Mr. Kirk said that trucks right now are largely "drive by wire," meaning elements are already computer controlled. Are driverless trucks just the logical next step?
I'm not sure where that information comes from. Just like vehicles on the road, there are a lot of computers that help to monitor things like oil pressure and temperature. But when we get into that truck, we are not just turning the steering wheel and pressing on a throttle. We're watching the dirt that's on the road. We're watching the people around us. The conditions are constantly changing.
The autonomous haul trucks in use around the world right now are primarily in Australia, working in hard rock mines. We're working in a soft rock environment, and trucks get stuck more easily. They have to maneuver around certain types of material that are harder to gauge. There are a lot of things that you have to take into consideration with this type of mining environment. Suncor has tested a haul truck here in Alberta, but it's been tested for very short periods, and not in a blended working environment. They're just taking in data right now to see if it's even functional.
But the oil business is a global business, and Canada's oil patch has to be competitive. Does it strike you as inevitable that Suncor and other companies in the oil patch are going to move towards this option?
I think it's inevitable that they'll want to test it. Whether they'll move to it or not is to be seen. That's going to be the question for the future.
But don't they need to move toward it if it becomes the global standard?
I don't know that it will be the global standard. Again, our working conditions are very different from other mines around the world. I believe there are other methods for cost reduction, as we've already seen with the downturn in oil. When it comes to job loss, if 100 people lose positions or aren't unable to get positions because of automated haul trucks, that's three teachers' aides that aren't going to be at the schools. That's six people that aren't going to be working at Safeway. There are a lot of other implications. There are a lot of other people that feel that pressure and that pain.
It's a much broader argument than just it makes more financial sense to have an automated haul truck that will save one $100,000 job a year. It takes four people for our worksite to operate one of these machines. So if we bring in one haul truck, that's potentially four people that don't have that job.
Mr. Kirk says people who are training to become heavy hauler operators should probably think about pursuing another line of work. What would you tell people who say that they want to do what you do for a living?
I tell people that what I do for a living is an amazing experience. And as a union member, and an advocate for my workforce, I'll continue to fight for people that are in this position and do this work.
But do you think in the future people will still want to do what you're doing now?
I believe so, yes.
Some Toronto residents and politicians are upset about groups circulating anti-abortion imagery in the city and have called for a ban against the practice.
The push comes after pamphlets displaying "graphic and traumatizing images" containing dismembered fetuses began to appear in the mailboxes of some Toronto residents.
Toronto-Danforth MPP Peter Tabuns posted on his Facebook the letter he sent to the Ministry of the Attorney General's office on August 24 which outlined the reasoning for the ban.
"My partner and I encourage our children to help with chores around the house," he wrote. "My 4 year old son helps collect the mail. I am outraged that today my son was exposed to these graphic images without my knowledge or consent."
"We want you to seek an injunction blocking the use of horrifying images by an anti-abortion group, the Canadian Centre for Bioethical Reform, which is distributing flyers and displaying placards on major streets in our area."
Similar complaints have been lodged in other cities across Canada, reports the CBC, including Saskatoon, Calgary and Surrey B.C.
Beaches-East York MPP Arthur Potts told InsideToronto that the issue of regulation of materials is a "slippery slope," and cited the government using graphic imagery to deter people from smoking.
In Parkdale-High Park, city councilor Sarah Doucette has requested a court order to stop the distribution of the graphic images and is seeking a bylaw that will ban them outright.
Doucette argues that the ban doesn't call for protesters to stop handing out flyers on the street, "there's a difference when you hand someone a flyer, because then they have a choice whether to take it or not," she told the CBC.
Emerging Voices features contributions from scholars and practitioners highlighting new research, thinking, and approaches to development challenges. This article is by Sarah Martin, CEO of Boone Martin, a global communications firm that focuses on social impact investing.
More than 50 percent of the world's population lacks access to banks -- meaning nearly 2.5 billion people are cut off from financial services, such as credit, savings, and loans, needed to start new businesses, grow emerging markets, and tap into the global economy. Remarkably, however, more than one billion of the unbanked do have access to a mobile phone. The rapid rise of the mobile phone offers a platform to deliver services far beyond just calls. Money transfer businesses like Kenya's M-Pesa piggyback on mobile networks to provide payment programs and basic financial services. With greater reach into previously neglected regions, mobile money offers market access to historically under-banked groups, including female, poor, and rural populations.
Mobile money has spread because it's convenient and easy to use, but remains limited by interoperability problems. Sending mobile money works only if both the sender and the receiver use the same service. This requires robust agent networks, customer coordination, or partnerships among providers. Scalability is also a challenge; mobile operators have yet to succeed in Nigeria. A new option is emerging that allows the same simple payment and banking services as mobile money, but without the cross-border friction and at a fraction of the cost: Bitcoin.
Bitcoin has captivated world attention since its recent debut as an easy way to streamline global payments and transform existing financial services. Unlike traditional banking, Bitcoin does not require a central coordinator. Rather, it trades freely worldwide using a peer-to-peer network and a global digital currency. Anyone, anywhere can use Bitcoin to buy or sell goods and services, create contracts, and develop credit and savings. Users receive a personalized Bitcoin address (like an email address) to send money or scan as a Quick Response code from their mobile phone when shopping at local markets or paying local vendors.
Consumers use the digital currency because it's fast, easy, and more convenient - and secure - than carrying cash. Merchants like it because there are no transaction fees or chargebacks. This is especially helpful for small businesses trading in low-cost goods or micropayments who take a hit on 3-5 percent credit card and PayPal fees. Bitcoin also eases access to liquidity, credit, and savings to start and grow new ventures.
Bitcoin's promise is most evident in the remittances market. The World Bank estimates that $414 billion in remittances will reach the developing world in 2013, nearly three times the size of official development aid. Remittances not only impact individual family income, but also currency stability and GDP. India, one of the top recipients, collects more from remittances than earnings from IT exports. Wire services cost 9-12 percent in fees, whereas Bitcoin charges only 1-3 percent. This reduction can make a meaningful difference to overseas workers and home country recipients.
In volatile economies, Bitcoin may also safeguard against currency fluctuation. Like gold, there is a fixed supply of the currency, meaning it is inflation-proof. Notably, Bitcoin has recently grown in popularity in Argentina, where economic conditions remain precarious and the alternative currency provides a way to protect against risk. Conceivably, Bitcoin could serve a similar function in other historically complicated economies, such as Venezuela or Zimbabwe.
Although it is still early days for new currency, initiatives to leverage the new technology are moving at light speed. As mobile phones continue to spread throughout the developing world, Bitcoin may extend a new, global option for low-cost financial services. The hope is that it could free money services in the same way that email did for mail, Skype did for phone calls, and the internet did for information. With open access to anyone -- regardless of gender, income, or geography -- Bitcoin may equalize market opportunities and support more inclusive economic growth.
Many times, it takes guts, insight and determination to really go from being an employee to an entrepreneur. It involves a big leap and crossing many hurdles in order to make things work for you. We have a look at the possible challenges and traits you'd need to overcome your travails in the business world.
Image: Shutterstock
Grit to suceed
Most importantly it requires grit — basically the ability to keep going when the going gets tough. Grit is also that valuable life-skill that translates into everything from home, life and career.
Angela Duckworth's best-seller book “Grit” mentions that grit is among the most important predictors of success. She came to the conclusion after interviewing a sample of people over the course of 10 to 20 years. The students with the highest scores on the “Grit-test” were the most successful in their endeavors years later, and their self-reported happiness levels were higher than average. Hence, the grit to survive and thrive is one of the major traits that is expected of someone looking to make the transition from a salaried day job to entering the startup world. The tenacity and the will to succeed is what differentiates the failures from the successes.
Overcoming imposter syndrome
Another deterrent, that many faces while setting up their own venture is the “imposter syndrome”. Self-doubt and incapability to cope with the change will always trouble you and that is what encompasses the imposter syndrome. It is one of the major baggage that you will have to overcome during your formative years as an entrepreneur. According to neuroscientist and leadership coach, Dr. Tara Swart, this issue is a common occurrence among many CEOs across the board, who face this constant nagging of incompetence. Her advice to newbie entrepreneurs is to face the challenge head on and keep doing what you're doing to get past this constant doubt in your mind.
Setting shop
Remember this, the day you become your own boss, is the day you are expected to fetch your own resources, networks, planning agenda and even the smallest nitty gritty. Things that seemed insignificant during your time as an employed professional, will seem daunting. Be it legal registration, GST, documentation, renting an office space or getting clients; you have no one but yourself to depend on from here forth.
These instances and processes will put to test your networking skills and business acumen and it would be advisable to consider the Total Immersion Therapy (TIT). An offshoot of Cognitive Behavior Therapy, TIT expects the subject to be mindful of his\her own challenges and take practical steps while acquiring a new behaviour. This feature expects a budding entrepreneur to be in the most challenging of roles and constantly work to reinforce the newly acquired skillsets. In common parlance, this technique is referred to as “Just going for it”.
Let's take into account different challenges that will come into play while setting shop.
Registering your company is one of the foremost steps, and many might be unaware of the process. Don't break a sweat, you can register your company using any popular online portal or even DIY if you have time to read through the necessary guidelines. It can cost you under ₹12,000 INR to register your company name and setup the basics to get you going for a private limited company.
As for office space. If you're starting small then you can go for a co-working space, many offere a good deal and even start from something as cheap as ₹300 a day to a more comprehensive space which resembles an incubator for around ₹30-40K a month.
Client acquisition will be your next big hurdle, for which you need a website and a portfolio of your body of work and former clients (if any). You can opt for SquareSpace as it's the simplest way to get off the ground, or get a basic understanding of WordPress. It's easy, quick and needs a little bit of understanding of booking domain names, buying server space and entering content that's SEO and marketing friendly.
After you've developed your website, you should look at channels that are relevant to your client's industry. Tech, HR, marketing, auto, finance, etc., – they all have regular conferences, meetups and local groups that encourage new members to explore the arena. Leverage LinkedIn and directly approach potential leads and try to close them as quickly as possible to get some basic work in your portfolio.
Take rejection in the stride
For many entrepreneurs, fear of starting off is another hurdle that makes it difficult to jump ship – the fear of the unknown, where many have crashed and burn. Fear of rejection, according to Mark Leary, PhD, a professor of psychology and neuroscience at Duke University, has social ramifications that can be skewed according to how the person perceives themselves. In many cases, removing the fear from the rejection itself has positive benefits which is what an entrepreneur needs to do in order to face the world.
One of the most inspiring examples of rags-to-riches comes from John Paul DeJoria, CEO of Patron Tequila and Paul Mitchell Systems hair care products. He started off being broke twice and ended up with a billion+ dollars to his name. His one take away: Rejection is key. “Take as many rejections as you can and keep going on what you're doing”
You'll face many challenges when you start off, but with proper guidance and access to knowledge, you can have a better chance at mitigating these challenges while making the transition.
Share. Still confused? You're not alone. Still confused? You're not alone.
If Media Molecule's Dreams still seems like an enigma to you, you're not alone. Even its creators aren't quite sure what they have on their hands.
“We don't know what Dreams actually is,” says Media Molecule Creative Director Mark Healey during a behind-closed-doors demo at Paris Games Week.
He's being slightly facetious. Media Molecule knows very well that it has a toolkit on its hands with enormous potential; it just can't be fully realized until it's in the hands of players.
“It's going to be defined by the community,” says Art Director Alex Evans, “but seeded by amazing Media Molecule content”.
Exit Theatre Mode
Dreams was born from Media Molecule's experiences with its last ‘play, create, share' project, LittleBigPlanet. “One of the more frustrating aspects of building LittleBigPlanet”, says Evans, “was the separation of ‘play' and ‘create'. In Dreams we've combined them. You'll meet a character and she might say “trim a tree” and you'll do that and share whatever you create with the community”.
It's a somewhat unremarkable example, but it does help define the Dreams experience, which, in part, is grounded in remix culture. You may start in a level that somebody else has created but find yourself compelled to bend it and twist it in new ways; a traditional ‘racing' level, for example, might house an underwater shark adventure if you poke around in it enough. And then you build on that, and so it continues, presumably, infinitely.
“It's like lucid dreaming,” says Evans.
Characters in Dreams are built from the same tools as the environment. Media Molecule jumped into a ‘from scratch' creation of a bear-type-thing with skull earrings, purple hair, and Rodin's The Thinker as a pièce de résistance atop its head. All built from assets available in a create menu, complete with a sound that warmly evokes LBP's popit sound effect.
There will be infinitely more assets at your disposal in Dreams than there were in that game, however. “If you want a fingernail, search ‘fingernail'”, says Evans. “If you want a tree, search ‘tree'. Or maybe you want to search for an entire creation kit, and this is where Dreams get meta. Creators could put out customized kits for anyone to use – you could search for ‘snowboarding kits', for example.”
Exit Theatre Mode
More ambitious creators don't have to use existing assets, either - they can build their own within Dreams' toolkit. “I imagine some people will just focus on pure sculpture,” says Healye, who then passed around a series of intricate little models that the team built in the game and 3D printed.
“The technology that we're using here,” says Evans, “we're working with several billion voxels.”
“We actually have no idea what the community is going to do.”
Not that this means we'll be seeing landscapes filled with penises. In regards to managing its massively creative – and therefore potentially unruly - community, Media Molecule has more experience than most developers.
“We've been down this road,” says Evans.
As well as a rating system for assets and levels, there will be a big focus on following Dreams' creative ‘superstars'. “The key for me in our own usage is all about following superstar creators and curators. Following them and discovering what they're into.”
“You can have a favourite dream that you return to over and over”.
If all of these sounds a little daunting (some of us played LittleBigPlanet for the platforming alone) Media Molecule promises it will help ease new players into the Dreams experience.
“We're going to put in a Media Molecule boost, or a seed, an experience or a story", says Healey.
But for the studio, the beta that's landing early next year will be key to defining exactly what Dreams is, and what it possibly could be.
“We don't exactly know how it's going to work”, says Healey. But his smile suggests he's very excited to find out.
Lucy is Entertainment Editor at IGN's AU office. Follow her on Twitter.
Ethan Kath, the founding member of Crystal Castles, is suing his former bandmate Alice Glass after she accused him of rape a serious sexual assault.
Alice Glass, who left the band Crystal Castles in 2014 citing ‘creative differences', has revealed the real reason she departed was due to the sexual misconduct of co-founder Ethan Kath.
In a new statement on her website, she explains detailed and lengthy claims of stalking, physical abuse and sexual abuse as well as being forced to have sex with Ethan Kath (real name Claudio Palmieri).
“I met ‘Ethan Kath' (Claudio Palmieri) when I was in the 10th grade,” Glass writes. “The first time he took advantage of me was when I was around 15.” To add to the harrowing accusations, she says: “He forced me to have sex with him or, he said, I wouldn't be allowed to be in the band anymore.”
[MORE] – Read the full statement by Alice Glass here.
However, after initially issuing a denial, Kath has decided to take legal action against Glass claiming she is “still bitter about their break-up”and is “just trying to get attention to jumpstart her new musical venture.” Kath also explains how he believes Glass' mental health is a reason for the ‘lies'.
A new statement from Kath reads: “Alice and I had a long ongoing relationship both personal and professional. When she suddenly left Crystal Castles to handle her mental health issues and substance abuse issues I fully supported her. I will continue to support her quest to wellness but I can't support extortion, false claims, and accusations put forth after the band attained new success without her. False allegations take away voice from true victims and that's what saddens me most about all of this.”
Read the full statement, here.
Many people think they need a ton of cash to build an app. They have great ideas, but they never pursue their app aspirations because they think it costs too much. False. For less than $5,000, you can build a simple app that looks good and works like a charm. It's not cheap, but it's not as expensive as people think either.
Many aspiring app entrepreneurs also think it's tough to get an app approved at the App Store – it's not. Dreamt It, a nifty app where iOS users can record and share their dreams, was approved in two hours. While the Apple Review process may be intimidating (or even nervewracking) since no one really knows what goes on behind the scenes, there are a few things you can do to make the process faster and way easier. The first is to relax. Next, read the App Review Guidelines and follow it to a T. Lastly, test your app before you submit it. Make sure it's bug-free, hassle-free, and annoyance-free. If your testers love it, the folks at Apple probably will too.
These are just two of the many app lies and misconceptions out there. Below are five more app myths we'd like to debunk so you can stop thinking about building an app and finally get around to making one.
1. “If you build it, they will come.”
http://youtu.be/5Ay5GqJwHF8&w=560&h=315
Just because you started a blog doesn't mean people will visit it. Just because you wrote a book doesn't mean people will read it. The same applies to apps: Just because you built an app and listed it on all the app stores doesn't mean people will download it. With nearly a million apps out there, your app is on its way to app oblivion the moment you conceptualize it if you don't implement an effective marketing plan. Building an app is just half the battle. Whether you hire a marketing team or go the DIY route, apps need to be marketed if you want it to be successful. Like with any business, you won't make any money if no one knows you exist. After all, when you're managing an app, you're managing a business – so treat it like one.
2. Only games and social apps make it big.
Yes, games make the most money and social apps continuously top the app charts. There are, however, other app categories that are less saturated (and, therefore, arguably less competitive), but also make it big. These categories include Lifestyle, Health/Fitness, Travel, Medical, Education, Reference, Business, and Utility. If your app improves people's lives or adds some sort of value, it has a decent chance of making it big – regardless of its category.
3. People want to chat/meet the people around them (i.e., geolocation dating/networking apps)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bu8RhkDvkZ4&w=560&h=315
The concept of pulling up random people's profiles who are nearby and have the same interests as you for a potential meetup is intriguing (and pretty cool, in theory) – it's also very foreign for most app users. Not only does it pose a slew of privacy concerns, but for a lot of people, it's just downright creepy. While fun to use, even basic location-based applications like Foursquare aren't as popular as it seems. According to a recent study, while thirty percent of online adults in the U.S. are aware of geolocation apps, less than six percent use them and only two percent actually do so at least once a week. Despite the many geolocation and networking apps already out there, it's hard to tell if people are actually warming up to using them.
4. Android is the place to be for app makers
With Google Play outgrowing the App Store and doubling its revenues in a single quarter, it's easy to conclude that Android is the place to be. Not so fast. As an app maker, you must first figure out who your audience is and for which platform your app is best suited. While many apps cross platforms, not all apps can be made for Android, such as those that utilize Siri or function based on Windows tools and platform-based user sensibilities. Additionally, making apps for Android is not an easy task. Not only does it take longer build Android apps (the nuances between the thousands of different Android devices is not for the faint of heart), but it's also tough to turn a profit in major categories, particularly with gaming apps. Instead of looking at app store numbers alone, think about your app and where it can best perform.
5. Windows Phone is dead
Windows Phone may be and underdog, but it's certainly not dead. Developers are cautious to make Windows apps, though, because Windows only has a 2.4% global market share. Nonetheless, developers are watching because Windows apps have massive potential (last year alone, they added 75,000 new apps and over 300,000 updates; developer revenue also continues to grow every month and was up 40% within 30 days of the SDK release for Windows 8). Additionally, Windows Phone has plenty of room for growth and innovation for developers: One of the main complaints about Windows Phones is that there is a general lack of apps that are widely used on iOS and Android devices, so many developers see this is an opportunity for many developers to build alternative, Windows-based apps to perform similar functions. (Read more about why Windows isn't going anywhere)
What other app myths have you come across? Share them below!
Nitesco lied on the bed in his military quarters, facing the window, in a deep trance. He wasn't quite asleep, but he definitely wasn't awake. He was thinking, if you could call it that, about his future in the foreign legion, dreaming of glorious battles yet to come, completely oblivious to the screams and cries of terror from the streets outside.
Suddenly, a cannonball crashed through the adjacent wall of the dorm and his glorious visions of battle became very, very real.
His hand reflexively went for the sword lying under his bed, along with his breastplate and boots. He haphazardly donned what little armor he had at his disposal and ran out into the hallway, running directly into his sergeant.
"Sergeant!" Nitesco shouted. "What's happening?" The bearded old man turned to his protégé, a look of determination on his face. "We're under siege! I'm readying the garrison for a counterattack! Rally the others!" Nitesco nodded and sprinted down the hallway, screaming. "Arm yourselves! Arm yourselves! Ready a counterattack!" He looped back around the base towards the front, going out the front entrance and watching the sergeant and his men charging down the steps towards a battalion of Arkosian soldiers.
The Arkosian commanding officer was on horseback, brandishing a cavalry saber at the incoming wall of men. He pointed the blade at the sergeant's men, yelling as he did so.
"Throw the grenades!"
At once the line of men hurled lit grenades at the Gunnian and Rosian soldiers, who raised their shields or turned and covered themselves from the blast as they were trained to do.
Except the blast didn't come, not like they were expecting. A cloud of smoke enveloped the men, they began coughing and wheezing violently. The men suddenly shrieked like banshees and began madly swinging their weapons at each other before casting them aside and tearing into each other with their bare hands. Ignoring the carnage they caused, the Arkosian soldiers drew their weapons and began charging up the steps.
Nitesco turned and ran, sprinting through the hallways while his comrades rushed the opposite way, certainly to their deaths. He found a stairwell leading downwards, descended it as rapidly as possible, and exited out the cellar entrance. He gasped for breath and looked up, only to see the carnage before him.
The screams and clangs of metal on metal pierced his ears as he finally became fully aware of his surroundings. Half the city was ablaze, the walls were crumbling under the force of cannonballs or other projectiles as the unknown assailant overwhelmed the city. He steeled himself, readied his blade, and charged into the city streets.
It wasn't long before he found more enemies defiling the city. Two soldiers clad in Crosshares colors sprinted down an alleyway, not noticing the young trainee as they scurried towards the marketplace. Nitesco sprinted through the twisting city roads in search of his prey, only to stop in horror when the street opened up into the marketplace.
Thousands of buildings and market stalls were in flames as screams echoed from across the marketplace. A Bumblebee soldier ran past Nitesco, charging into the raging inferno, only to receive an arrow in the neck. Nitesco watched in horror as the man clutched at his wounds before he finally slumped over and died. From behind a line of market stalls, a line of Emberald clergy emerged, swords and crossbows in hand. They charged across the plaza, looking for more people to slaughter, when a pair of them stopped and turned to face Nitesco. One of them pointed at the young soldier, and her compatriot leveled his weapon at Nitesco, firing a bolt.
Nitesco dodged the arrow, but instead of running as his instincts told him to do, shrieked in rage and charged at them wildly. He unsheathed his sword and swung it upwards in a heaving slash, only to be blocked by the sword of his opponent. They traded blows as the other Emberald priest rapidly reloaded his crossbow. Nitesco locked blades with the priestess he was dueling, staring straight into her eyes as he gritted his teeth. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a crossbow pointed at him. His foot, seemingly acting out of its own will, connected with the knee of the priestess as he wrapped his arm around her throat and held her in front of him.
This time, the arrow connected, the tip passing just below Nitesco's arm into his hostage's chest. He let her collapse to the ground as he readied his sword and charged at the remaining soldier.
His opponent panicked, quickly grabbed an arrow and tried to stab Nitesco with its tip. The Rosian soldier reacted quickly, bashing the arrow out of his opponent's hand before bringing his sword down mercilessly into his victim's skull, watching as the priest collapsed onto the ground and bled out.
Nitesco withdrew his blade from the body, watching as it twitched on the ground, in a visceral, sickening fashion. He became dizzy, steadying himself on his sword as he suppressed the urge to vomit. The sound of a galloping horse awakened him from his stupor.
"Rally, my priests! Sweep the residential section!"
On horseback was the High Priest that he'd encountered, swinging a flail around and pointing in Nitesco's direction. He turned towards the young man, the cold green of his eyes meeting Nitesco's through the eyeholes in his bone mask.
"A survivor! After him!" He whipped his horse and rode away as his men menacingly approached Nitesco, ready for a fight. This time he listened to his instincts. He ran.
He heard the heavy footsteps of his pursuers as he hopped over fallen debris and dead bodies, trying to make his way out of the city. As he turned a corner, Nitesco spotted the ruins of city gates, a full line of Bumblebee knights entrenched amongst the rubble. He charged over them, waiting for the Emberald priests to get caught in their defenses, or at least get slowed down.
Nitesco darted into a small patch of trees, catching his breath as he overlooked the battlefield. Various banners rustled in the wind, only a few close enough for him to see in the dark of the night: Nuts and Dolts, Arkos, Emberald, even Crosshares. There was one he did not recognize, a flag of foreign design, its warriors fighting with weapons used by the steppe hordes of the east. Who could wield enough influence to hire a steppe horde?
"There he is! Get him, Marvin!"
Nitesco turned, seeing an Emberald priest pointing at him, a heavily-armored Nuts and Dolts soldier at his side. He turned and ran clumsily down the hill, his feet struggling to balance him as his speed increased. The young soldier looked behind him, checking to see if the pair were still in pursuit. This was a mistake.
His foot caught a rock.
The ground rushed up to meet him.
The world went black.
Swish! Another soldier dropped to the floor like a sack of potatoes.
Swish! A foolish Arkos soldier thought attacking Austin from behind was a good strategy. His head parted from his body and let out a jet of blood, which reminded Austin of tomato paste.
Swish! He knew he should've eaten more before bed.
Austin sheathed his sword as he observed the carnage around him. At least two dozen bodies were draped over the various pieces of furniture in Austin's house, coating nearly every surface in a foul-smelling red. Austin grabbed his short sword and his shield and buckled them to his back with the leather straps he had on the table. As he stepped out into the patch of land behind his cottage, Austin was greeted by the cries of battle and the sound of collapsing stone as another section of the city's wall collapsed under the force of a cannonball.
"Get him, Marvin!"
Austin squinted as he looked into the patch of trees on top of the hill. A young soldier sprinted out from the treeline, closely followed by an Emberald priest and a Nuts and Dolts pikeman. The young soldier looked behind him as his foot caught a rock, sending him tumbling down to the bottom of the hill. His pursuers stopped and looked at the sight, at first confused. One beckoned for the other to follow and they disappeared out of view.
Austin readied his sword and ran around the hill watching as the pikeman approached the ditch where the man lay unconscious, the other standing at the top and looking down. Austin crept up behind him, pulled out his dagger, and tapped the priest on the shoulder. "What the-" The priest was cut off as Austin drew the blade across his throat, watching as he convulsed before pushing him into the pit. The pikeman looked to the side as the body of his friend rolled down beside him, and then up as he saw Austin charge into the ditch with his sword at the ready. With a single swing, he was decapitated, and his head bounced off the body of the unconscious man before coming to rest next to a rock.
The young man responded to this, his eyelids fluttering open before pulling himself up from the ground with a groan.
"What happened?"
"I'll explain later. All you need to know is that I'm on your side, and that we need to get out of here. Now."
"But the city-"
"I think we both know we've already lost that battle."
The soldier turned his head to look at the city, columns of fire rising from behind the walls, illuminating the night. He turned back to Austin. "My friends…"
"If they're still alive, they'll find us. What we need to focus on now is escaping, before it's too late. Grab a sword and follow me."
The young man complied, finding a pristine blade under the body of the Emberald priest before sheathing it and poking it above the edge of the ditch. He turned to Austin, who was surveying the battlefield, trying to see if there was any possible escape route. At last he raised his arm and pointed to a large hill in the distance.
"There's an opening in the fighting over there. If we hurry, we can get out of here and pause there to think of a better plan. Follow me!"
They leapt out of the hole in the ground, scrambling across the battlefield towards the hill in the distance, desperately hoping no one would notice them sprinting away. They made their way around a particularly large skirmish, barely dodging a couple well-aimed arrows and ducking into a damaged barn. Austin turned to his keep, then to the barn door, seeing if they had any pursuers.
"What's your name, boy?"
The young man sputtered and turned to him. "Now? You really want to learn my name now?!"
Austin nodded. He actually didn't, particularly, but he was hoping to keep him distracted and calm while he thought of a plan to escape. Nitesco told him his name. Austin sighed in frustration.
"What's wrong?" Nitesco asked. Austin shook his head. "I've gotten us into quite a mess," he said.
"What mess?" The boy's panic had been replaced with disappointment. Austin turned to him, then back to the door. "Well, troops have marched through the passage to the north, so it's pretty much impassable. To our south and west, large masses of troops are currently duking it out, which makes escape through that area rather risky. To our east, their cannons and reserve troops are on guard, which makes escape through that path extremely difficult as well. Now tell me some miniscule details about your life."
The young man stroked his chin and thought. "Well, I'm part of the Guns and Roses foreign legion. I've graduated-"
"I've got it!" Austin yelled, startling Nitesco. "The troops marching through the pass will either engage the Bumblebee forces or join the reserve. That way, when the path is cleared, we'll meet minimal resistance or none at all. We're home free!"
"I don't think so!"
A figure advanced through the doors of the barn, wielding a halberd and clothed in full armor. Both Nitesco and Austin turned towards the man, instinctively grabbing their swords and leveling them at the intruder, while the intruder did the same. Through the helmet he wore, Nitesco could hear a soft snicker.
"Come then. Let us begin."
President Donald Trump's address to a joint session of Congress has been widely regarded as excellent, but it's worth noting that Trump advocated for a number of policies that are not conservative. Here are five of them.
1. Trade. Trump's protectionist rhetoric has long been a sticking point for conservatives, and Tuesday's address was no different. The president touted the country's withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), criticized the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and made the case for tariffs:
I just met with officials and workers from a great American company, Harley-Davidson. In fact, they proudly displayed five of their magnificent motorcycles, made in the USA, on the front lawn of the White House. At our meeting, I asked them, how are you doing, how is business? They said that it's good. I asked them further how they are doing with other countries, mainly international sales. They told me -- without even complaining because they have been mistreated for so long that they have become used to it -- that it is very hard to do business with other countries because they tax our goods at such a high rate. They said that in one case another country taxed their motorcycles at 100 percent. They weren't even asking for change. But I am. I believe strongly in free trade but it also has to be FAIR TRADE. The first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, warned that the "abandonment of the protective policy by the American Government [will] produce want and ruin among our people." Lincoln was right -- and it is time we heeded his words. I am not going to let America and its great companies and workers, be taken advantage of anymore.
2. Infrastructure spending. Trump re-iterated his call for a trillion-dollar infrastructure spending bill, stating, "The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding."
"America has spent approximately six trillion dollars in the Middle East, all this while our infrastructure at home is crumbling. With this six trillion dollars we could have rebuilt our country –- twice. And maybe even three times if we had people who had the ability to negotiate," Trump said. "To launch our national rebuilding, I will be asking the Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in the infrastructure of the United States -- financed through both public and private capital –- creating millions of new jobs."
3. Immigration reform. Trump's hardline immigration rhetoric has been a staple of his, but reports have indicated that the president would like to sign some sort of compromise bill that would grant amnesty to some illegals, and Trump's address seemed to buttress those reports.
"I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible, as long as we focus on the following goals: to improve jobs and wages for Americans, to strengthen our nation's security, and to restore respect for our laws," Trump said. "If we are guided by the well-being of American citizens then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades."
4. Paid family leave. "My administration wants to work with members in both parties to make childcare accessible and affordable, to help ensure new parents have paid family leave, to invest in women's health, and to promote clean air and clear water, and to rebuild our military and our infrastructure," Trump said.
5. Pre-existing conditions. Trump seemed to indicate that he would leave Obamacare's pre-existing conditions mandate in place, describing his outline of an Obamacare replacement plan, he stated, "We should ensure that Americans with pre-existing conditions have access to coverage."
That statement is vague enough to leave room for speculation as to what Trump meant, but he has previously supported the pre-existing conditions mandate; Trump's aforementioned statement is in line with this.
Quotes provided by a transcript from Time.
Follow Aaron Bandler on Twitter @bandlersbanter.
"Everywhere in the world... when heritage is destroyed we will be there to battle against the groups motivated by the unfathomable stupidity which leaves all civilisations vulnerable," Hollande said, citing the Timbuktu vandalism.
West African defence and foreign ministers held talks this week on the possible deployment of regional troops to Mali amid reports that Islamists destroyed the tomb of a Muslim saint in a region under their control.
The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) is trying to broker an end to the political crisis in Mali - which has been effectively sliced in two after a putsch.
"We have affirmed our willingness to support and encourage Mali in its efforts towards the legitimate regaining of its territorial integrity," Ivory Coast's Foreign Minister Daniel Kablan Duncan said after the meeting.
He described the task involved as "huge but not impossible."
The latest meeting came in the wake of a formal request earlier this month by Mali's interim President Dioncounda Traore for ECOWAS military assistance to recover the occupied territory in the north and combat Islamist extremists there.
Traore's request for assistance made it clear that "the deployment of active military forces" would not be needed in the capital Bamako.
Mali insists that the West African troops must only provide logistics and air support and would be involved in law and order operations after the north of the country has been retaken by Bamako.
"This is no longer the time for indecision but for concerted action," ECOWAS Commission chief Kadre Desire Ouedraogo said, adding that action must be taken against "criminals of all sorts who occupy northern Mali". Youssoufou Bamba, Ivory Coast's ambassador to the UN, speaking for ECOWAS, told the Security Council in New York on Monday that the West African nations need fighter jets and other international military support to beat the Islamists who seized northern Mali.
But the UN Council gave no immediate sign it would give the backing for an intervention force.
"The green light from the UN is an absolute condition," a Western diplomat in West Africa said recently, adding that not many African countries had so far volunteered to join the ECOWAS force.
Senegal and Ghana have no plans to take part, while Burkina Faso President Blaire Compaore, the top mediator in Mali's crisis, has signalled support.
An international Sahel conference presided by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon is to meet on the crisis in New York on September 26.
ECOWAS has had 3,300 regional troops on standby for months but was awaiting a formal request from the Malian authorities to seek UN Security Council approval for a military deployment.
The country was considered one of the region's stable democracies until a March coup plunged it into turmoil.
How do you become an Software Architect? Well, I guess the best way would be to do about two dozen very different projects in different roles, with as many different technologies as possible. This would guarantee that you get a lot of experience with different approaches and challenges which certainly would provide you with a lot of the stuff you need to know to fill the role of an architect.
Unfortunately in the real world this is hard to accomplish. Often the next project uses similar technologies and strategies as the last one, also project owners for some reason don't like it when you use their projects as a training ground. So we need an alternative way of learning, where we can learn from the mistakes made by others, instead of learning from our own.
Here is a list of books I'd recommend for anybody wanting to become a Software Architect (in no special order):
Akka Concurrency: This one is an odd one in the list. Akka is an actor framework for the JVM, written in Scala, but also usable in Java. I recommend it because it is a very different approach of structuring your code than the “normal” Java way.
Domain-Driven Design: Tackling Complexity in the Heart of SoftwareI'm sure you have heard the term Domain Driven Design, right? If not: the basic idea is to structure your application based on the problem domain. Sound simple and obvious? As usual the devil is in the detail.
Softwarearchitekturen dokumentieren und kommunizieren: Entwürfe, Entscheidungen und Lösungen nachvollziehbar und wirkungsvoll festhalten. Sorry, recommending a German book in an english blog. I just don't know an English alternative. Although we learned that documentation is not as important as working software, documentation still is important, and this book will teach you a lot about how to document your architecture in a pragmatic way.
Effektive Softwarearchitekturen: Ein praktischer Leitfaden Another German one. (Sorry). A good overview about what belongs in an Architecture and what influences you need to take into account.
Specification by Example: How Successful Teams Deliver the Right Software At least in my book, architecture work also means part of your task is to bring your team together on one page. The ideas from this book will help you to bring analysts, testers and developers together. Again the idea is simple but executing it can become tough, since you are not dealing with code so much, but with people.
Bridging the Communication Gap: Specification by Example and Agile Acceptance Testing Same author, same basic topic. The title is better, because in the end it is not so much about the specification of your system, but about communication.
ATDD by Example: A Practical Guide to Acceptance Test-Driven Development (Addison-Wesley Signature Series (Beck)) One more about testing. This one talks more about technical issues when using ATDD, which by the way has a huge overlap with Specification by Example.
Vorgehensmuster für Softwarearchitektur: Kombinierbare Praktiken in Zeiten von Agile und Lean This is the last German one in the List. I promise. When you're moving from Development to Architecture you'll have to work more with people, which at least for me makes things way more difficult, because a solution that worked yesterday might not work today. This book gives you many alternative strategies to try.
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs (Mit Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Series) This one was a real eye opener to me. On one hand it will teach you some Scheme, which might not be so interesting, because for most of us this won't be the language we use to implement the next system. BUT it will also teach you why in many cases the functional approach is way more simple then the imperative way. If you are confused by the difference between simple and easy try watch this talk by the way.
Clean Code: A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship of course an Architect is still a Developer, so he or she better knows how to code and how to code well.
REST und HTTP: Einsatz der Architektur des Web für Integrationsszenarien Oh darn, another German one slipt through. I'm still shocked how many Developers and Architects don't know REST and why it is important and powerful. This book will fix that at least in your case.
HTTP: The Definitive Guide: The Definitive Guide (Definitive Guides)While we are at the basics of most modern Software Systems. While HTTP isn't rocket science it certainly helps to know how it really works. This one is the Definitive Guide about the topic.
Release It!: Design and Deploy Production-Ready Software (Pragmatic Programmers) This one is just awesome. Full of stuff that can go bad in production and how to design your system so it can handle things gracefully. And fun to read too.
97 Things Every Programmer Should Know: Collective Wisdom from the Experts Again, a Software Architect is just another Developer, so if you haven't read it yet you'll find lots of good ideas in here.
97 Things Every Software Architect Should Know: Collective Wisdom from the Experts and even more ideas in here.
So that should keep you busy for the next month or two. Let me know what else should we read to become better Architects and Developers?
Ankylosing Spondylitis is a chronic inflammatory condition that affects one out of hundred citizens of the western world. It's characterized by inflammation and fusion of the spine starting with the sacroiliac joints and finishing in the cervical vertebras. Other big joints such as hips, shoulders, elbows and knees are usually affected. The HLA-b27 gene is no longer important for the diagnosis because of the increase in the number of sufferers that don't have it and still experience the symptoms of the same disease. AS can manifest itself as inflammation of the uvea (uveitis) and it's strongly related to Crohn disease. Current treatment depends on the disease activity, varying between NSAIDS, DMARDS and biologic treatment, this last one being a huge step forward in the treatment, slowing the progress of the disease and improving notoriously patient's quality of life. Still, almost 40% of the patients don't react to antiTNF therapy and can't reach remission. Those that are able to achieve this, have to cope with serious side effects that come with these drugs. Some of the most feared adverse reactions to biologic drugs are the increased risk of cancer and development of another autoimmune diseases (there are case reports of patients developing multiple sclerosis, lupus and psoriasis after the first injections). Therefore, even knowing that the quality of life of the average AS patient is better nowadays than it was 20 years ago, we shouldn't be satisfied because patients depend on the dispensation of expensive drugs, chronic pharmacologic therapy, life threatening side effects and, even worse, a lot of them are still suffering day after day.
Sacroilitis, hallmark of AS. Source: EMedicine
AS is the disease that raises the most interest in the bowel-joints connection. Between 5 and 10% of the patients with AS develop IBD. Moreover, almost 60% of them have subclinical intestinal lesions that can be seen on a colonoscopy. An increased intestinal permeability has been reported in AS and several easily treatable intestinal infections such as giardiasis can develop a reactive arthritis that mimics AS. One of the most used drugs in AS is Sulfasalazine, an intestinal antiinflammatory used also in the treatment of IBD. Even today, researchers still don't know why Sulfasalazine reduces joint disease. The only fact is that it reduces intestinal permeability and has small antibacterial effect, attributed to Sulfapyridine.
Evolution of AS. Source: Arthritis world association
Due to this clear relationship with the bowel, some doctors have tried to modify the diet of their AS patients in order to alter the progress of the disease. Seignalet treated 122 AS patients with his ancestral diet, with a 90% success rate. Lutz had a similar success with a ketogenic diet (less than 72g of carbohydrates per day). Nowadays, many patients are successful with a paleo diet. There's something in common in all these diets: drastic reduction of carbohydrates through elimination of grains and processed food. Here's where we must talk about the most famous dietetic treatment of this disease: the Low Starch diet, developed by Alan Ebringer and followed mostly in the anglo saxon culture. In this diet patients had to remove or reduce the ingestion of rice, potatoes or bread and increase the consumption of fish, meat and vegetables.
Some patients went totally no starch and had even better results. Ebringer tried to explain his theory by pointing to one specific bacteria as the culprit of the disease process: Klebsiella pneumoniae. Kp is usually present in the human bowel and, in Ebringer's opinion, would cross the intestinal epithelium and, due to the fact that its genome is similar to the HLA-B27 gene, would cause a immune reponse through its interaction with the mentioned gene. This theory is called molecular mimicry.
Molecular mimicry between HLA B27 gene and nitrase reductase peptide of Kp. Source: Symbiosis
The only proofs that Ebringer showed to confirm his theory were:
1) A poorly designed study that tried to show a relationship between Klebsiella's antibodies in faeces and AS disease activity. The studies trying to reproduce this result failed one after another.
2) The fact that Kp uses starch as its nutrient. The consumption of starchy foods such as rice or potatoes would therefore increase Kp in the bowel and disease activity. Every researcher specialized in these knows that not only Kp, but the vast majority of bacterial strains in the human bowel need starch (soluble fiber) as food. Eliminating starch from your diet will modify your ENTIRE gut flora, not just Kp.
Both proofs were discredited and aren't taken into account when studying the relationship between gut flora and AS disease activity. Molecular mimicry falls by its own weight: HLA b27 patients still develop AS. Patients without Kp antibodies still develop AS. Ebringer hasn't got an answer for any of these cases.
Kp is definitely not the only culprit of the inflammatory process in AS. There are probably several bacterias that interfere in the process, which is still unknown and most probably multifactorial. Bacterial and food proteins cross the intestinal barrier starting an immune reponse. Ebringer's hypothesis wasn't correct but that doesn't mean that his treatment isn't useful. The no starch diet is nowadays the best non-drug treatment for AS. Despite this, many patients don't improve enough by simply eliminating starch from their diet so more measures are needed.
AS treatment should be directed to restoring the intestinal barrier, modifying the microbiota and management of symptoms.
Our treatment for AS:
Restore the intestinal barrier:
Boswellia gum resin or low dose Sulfasalazine
L-Glutamine
Intermitent fasting
Clostridium Butyricum+prebiotic (psyllium seed)
Modify the microbiota:
LCHF diet eliminating starches. Max 100g carbohydrates per day.
Consumption of probiotic foods such as kefir and sauerkraut
Fecal transplant when the disease is in remission
This book will be useful
Management of symptoms:
Curcumin and Boswellia gum resin
Omega 3 (fish+supplements)
NSAIDS alleviate symptoms short term but aren't recommended for chronic treatment
Cryotherapy
Physical Therapy in warm swimming pool
A food allergy IGG test could be added in order to adjust better the diet. The effects of a dietetic change are usually noted after 4-12 weeks. In future articles we'll talk deeply about the LCHF diet. It should be noted that AS is a disease that responds well to dietary measures, therefore we recommend the patients to be well informed about their treatment options.
Sources:
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8835506
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16941202
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23781254
http://ard.bmj.com/content/39/1/37.short
http://rheumatology.oxfordjournals.org/content/41/12/1395.short
http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/BF03342646
http://gut.bmj.com/content/32/12/1470.short
http://europepmc.org/abstract/med/1856808
The Rangers announced today, via press release, that retired left-hander Darren Oliver has joined the front office as a special assistant to general manager Jon Daniels. In his new role, Oliver will work with Daniels and his staff “in a variety of areas with an emphasis on pitching,” according to the release. Daniels issued the following statement:
“We are very happy to welcome Darren Oliver into an official capacity with the Rangers. Darren will focus on pitching on both the major and minor league levels, and he will have a presence in Arlington and with our minor league affiliates. I also expect that he will be a valuable sounding board to our baseball operations group on all fronts. Darren has been working with us on an informal basis over the last several months and was a great asset on our trip to the Dominican Republic in January and during his several weeks at spring training camp. I am glad that we have been able to formalize that relationship.”
The 43-year-old Oliver was a third-round pick of the Rangers back in 1988. He spent 20 seasons in the Major Leagues, pitching to a 4.51 ERA with 5.9 K/9, 3.4 BB/9, a 118-98 win-loss record, 11 complete games, four shutouts and seven saves. Oliver's career looked to be winding down after the 2005 season, as he'd posted a 5.83 ERA in 573 innings from 2000-04. However, he converted to the bullpen on a full-time basis from that point forth and proceeded to pitch for another eight seasons. In that final stretch, the durable Oliver was a workhorse out of the 'pen and enjoyed a 2.95 ERA (149 ERA+) with 7.5 K/9 and 2.4 BB/9 in his final 508 2/3 innings.
Oliver spoke with Sportsnet's Ben Nicholson-Smith back in February about his post-retirement plans and his final season, noting that he was proud to end his career with a productive 3.86 ERA in 49 innings for the Blue Jays: “I'd rather go out like that than hang on and get beat up on the mound and have the fans boo you. No one likes to go out like that.”
President Barack Obama said he could not imagine a circumstance in which a state banning gay marriage was legal, wading into an issue he initially said should be left to the states.
ABC News' George Stephanopoulos asked Obama in an interview released Wednesday whether gay marriage was a right under the Constitution.
"Well, I've gotta tell you that -- in terms of practical politics, what I've seen is a healthy debate taking place state by state, and not every state has the exact same attitudes and cultural mores. And I -- you know, my thinking was that this is traditionally a state issue and -- that it will work itself out," he said. "On the other hand -- what I also believe is that the core principle that people don't get discriminated against -- that's one of our core values. And it's in our Constitution."
Stephanopoulos then asked whether Obama could imagine a circumstance wherein a state's gay marriage ban could pass constitutional muster.
"Well, I can't, personally. I cannot," Obama responded. "That's part of the reason I said, ultimately, I think that, same-sex couples should be able to marry. That's my personal position. And, frankly, that's the position that's reflected -- in the briefs that we filed -- in the Supreme Court."
Obama's position is a striking change from when he originally came out in favor of gay marriage last May. While announcing his support, he stressed over and over that the issue should be left to the states. "What I'm saying is is that different states are coming to different conclusions. But this debate is taking place -- at a local level. And I think the whole country is evolving and changing. And -- you know, one of the things that I'd like to see is -- that a conversation continue in a respectful way," he told Robin Roberts at the time.
However, the Supreme Court is taking up both California's gay marriage ban, Proposition 8, and the Defense of Marriage Act, in back-to-back cases in late March. The Obama administration has submitted a legal brief saying that it believes that the California ban is unconstitutional and the Justice Department has stopped defending the constitutionality of DOMA.
On the other hand, Obama in his second inaugural address said that the fight for gay rights would not be over until gay marriage was recognized in all states.
"Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law," he said, "for if we are truly created equal, then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well."
On Friday, President Trump signed an executive order enacting sweeping reforms to the Dodd-Frank Act and instructed the Department of Labor (DOL) to do a thorough review of the fiduciary rule. This is good news for American small businesses who have been looking to the new administration for signs of financial stability and growth. Pulling back burdensome regulation is the first step towards prosperity.
U.S. Chamber President Thomas J. Donohue responded to the executive order:
“Today marks the first step towards mending the dysfunctional regulation of the past and helping Main Street with the financing needed for growth and job creation. Last year the Chamber recommended over 100 ideas for smart, forward-looking financial reforms that promote stability and encourage growth. This executive order stops Washington from picking winners and losers and helps put America's entrepreneurs back to work. We look forward to working with the administration and Congress in achieving these goals."
Reforms to both Dodd-Frank and the fiduciary rule will help spur Main Street economic growth and put businesses back in control. The fiduciary rule, as written, would have restricted the advice that financial experts can share with small business owners, raise costs and limit potential plan options, and even drive advisors out of the market. The Department of Labor was on course to hurt the small businesses and workers it is intended to protect.
President Trump's actions show us a path forward for breaking down dysfunctional regulations and freeing up our robust free enterprise system.
Here's a helpful infographic explaining how the fiduciary rule (as proposed) would create a web of challenges for Small Businesses offering retirement plans:
The Anne Frank Tree in 2006
Coordinates:
The Anne Frank tree (Dutch: Anne Frankboom[1] or, incorrectly, Anne Frank boom[2]) was a horse-chestnut tree (Aesculus hippocastanum) in the city center of Amsterdam that was featured in Anne Frank's The Diary of a Young Girl. Anne Frank described the tree from The Annexe, the building where she and her family were hiding from the Nazis during World War II.
Over the years, the tree deteriorated significantly due to both a fungus and a moth infestation. The Borough Amsterdam Centrum declared that the tree had to be cut down on 20 November 2007 due to the risk that it could otherwise fall down. However, on 21 November 2007, a judge issued a temporary injunction stopping the removal. The Foundation and the neighbours developed an alternative plan to save the tree. The neighbours and supporters formed the Foundation Support Anne Frank Tree which carried out the suggested supporting construction and took over the maintenance of the tree.
On 23 August 2010, the tree was blown down by high winds during a storm, breaking off approximately 1 metre (3.3 ft) above ground.[3][4][5][6] It fell across a garden wall and damaged garden sheds but did not damage anything else. The tree was estimated to be between 150 and 170 years old.
Anne Frank [ edit ]
The tree is mentioned three times[7] in Anne Frank's diary The Diary of a Young Girl. On 23 February 1944, she writes about the tree:
Ik ga haast elke ochtend naar de zolder waar Peter werkt om de bedompte kamerlucht uit mijn longen te laten waaien. Vanuit mijn lievelingsplekje op de grond kijk ik naar de blauwe hemel, naar de kale kastanjeboom aan wiens takken kleine druppeltjes schitteren, naar de meeuwen en de andere vogels, die in hun scheervlucht wel van zilver lijken. [...] 'Zolang dit nog bestaat', dacht ik 'en ik het mag beleven, deze zonneschijn, die hemel waaraan geen wolk is, zolang kan ik niet treurig zijn'.
Nearly every morning I go to the attic to blow the stuffy air out of my lungs, from my favorite spot on the floor I look up at the blue sky and the bare chestnut tree, on whose branches little raindrops shine, appearing like silver, and at the seagulls and other birds as they glide on the wind. [...] As long as this exists, I thought, and I may live to see it, this sunshine, the cloudless skies, while this lasts I cannot be unhappy.[8]
Otto Frank, Anne's father, described his thoughts upon reading the diary for the first time in a 1968 speech. He described his surprise at learning of the tree's importance to Anne as follows:
How could I have suspected that it meant so much to Anne to see a patch of blue sky, to observe the gulls during their flight and how important the chestnut tree was to her, as I recall that she never took an interest in nature. But she longed for it during that time when she felt like a caged bird. She only found consolation in thinking about nature. But she had kept such feelings completely to herself.[9]
Interactive project [ edit ]
The Anne Frank Tree is also the name of an interactive project started by the Anne Frank House in 2006, when it was opened by Emma Thompson.[10] Visitors to the museum are able to leave their name and location on a "leaf" of the tree, showing their affinity with Anne Frank.[11] Part of the intended audience of the on-line project are students of the more than 200 schools in the world named after Anne Frank.[10]
Recent events [ edit ]
The tree in 2003
Concerns about the tree's health date back to at least 1993, when a soil analysis revealed that leakage from a nearby underground domestic fuel tank was endangering the tree's root system. The city of Amsterdam spent €160,000 on a soil sanitation program to save the tree.[9] For the last several years, the tree was attacked by a particularly aggressive fungus (Ganoderma applanatum, also called "Artist's Conch" or "Artist's Bracket") which rotted the wood and undermined the tree's stability. Additionally, horse-chestnut leaf miner moth caterpillars (Cameraria ohridella) ate the tree's leaves, causing them to turn brown prematurely and fall off.[9]
On 26 May 2005, the tree's crown was drastically trimmed after a six-month study by botanists concluded that this was the best way to ensure the tree's stability. However, the disease continued to thrive and a 2006 study estimated that 42% of the wood was rotten.[12] Some botanists concluded that the tree's death was unavoidable and the owner of the property decided to ask for a permit to cut the tree down in order to eliminate the risk of the huge tree collapsing.
In September 2007, an appeals panel made two decisions: one upholding the right of the tree's owner to have it cut down any time in the next two years, and one granting a request by the country's Trees Institute to investigate the possibility of saving it. Property owner Henric Pomes of Keizersgracht 188, adjacent to the building that is now the Anne Frank Museum, agreed to wait for the institute's proposal, due before 1 January 2008.
On 2 October 2007, and later the Dutch Tree Foundation (Dutch: Bomenstichting), was involved in the discussions.[11] On 15 November 2007, it claimed the tree was healthy enough to cause no danger,[13] based upon second opinion analysis by Neville Fay (a famous English expert of ancient trees) and by Frits Gielissen (a Dutch expert from O.B.T.A. De Linde).
On 13 November 2007, the Borough Amsterdam-Centrum declared that it would cut down the tree on 21 November 2007.[14] The next day, a pulling test was banned, but four days after that, this assessment of the strength of the tree was conducted. Boom-KCB, an engineering firm specialized in trees,[15] determined that the tree was "storm-proof", and able to sustain itself, eliminating the need for outside interference as it did not pose a danger for the public.[1] A court hearing involving the Tree Foundation was held the day before the scheduled removal.[16] On 21 November 2007, it was decided to stop the removal.[17] On the same day, the Borough and the Anne Frank Foundation held a press conference during which they repeated their claim that there existed an “acute danger”. They urged the Mayor of Amsterdam, Job Cohen, to proceed with emergency cutting.
On 17 December 2007, the working committee Support Anne Frank Tree presented its alternative plan to preserve the tree (the report has English abstracts & conclusions) which included a construction to prevent the trunk from breaking down. Some weeks later, tree experts from both sides presented a joint evaluation of the tree. Their judgment was that the tree had a life expectancy of at least 5–15 years. To ensure safety, the supporting construction should be built.
The supporting structure, finished in May 2008, was designed to make it possible for the tree to survive at least five more years.[18][19] On 23 August 2010, the tree was blown over in a rain-and-gale storm, breaking off about a meter above the ground.[3][20] It fell across a garden wall and damaged garden sheds but did not damage anything else. The next day, it was reported that a small side shoot was growing out of the stump below where it broke, and it is hoped that it will grow into a new tree. There are plans to keep large pieces of the fallen trunk and its large branches. The fallen tree is estimated to weigh about 27 metric tons.[21] Some of the images in the Reuters report show, for most of the cross-section of the trunk, the characteristic fracture pattern of decayed wood across all the trunk cross-section except a thin rim of sapwood. The fallen wood has now been removed.[22]
Eleven saplings from the tree have been distributed in the United States to museums, schools, parks and Holocaust remembrance centers through a project led by The Anne Frank Center USA. The first sapling was planted in April 2013 at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis. Other saplings were sent to Liberty Park in New York City, honoring victims of September 11 attacks;[23] a Little Rock, Arkansas school that was the center of a desegregation battle; the Clinton Presidential Center, also in Little Rock, in partnership with the city's Congregation B'nai Israel Sisterhood;[24] and sites in Massachusetts, California, Idaho,[25] Michigan[26] and Washington, D.C..[27][28] On 25 February 2015, a sapling was planted in Lister Park, Bradford, UK.[29]
This week marks the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, a galvanizing event in civil rights history best known for Martin Luther King Jr.'s “I have a dream” speech. What better way to commemorate a great moment in history than by complaining about how the gays have hijacked the civil rights movement and have no right to be associated with it.
Unsurprisingly, that was the theme at the event hosted by the Republican National Committee. Among the comments from the dim bulbs that pass as luminaries in the party:
“You're talking about a race of people, I don't think you can make that comparison between a race of people and the gay rights movement, if that's what you want to call it,” said former (thank God) Rep. Allen West.
“Everybody has come in front of them [African Americans] on the bus — gays, immigrants, women, environmentalists. You never hear any talk about the conditions confronting poor blacks and poor people in general.” said Bob Woodson, president of the Center for Neighborhood Enterprise. Woodson, who also said “corrupt” black politicians are “moral traitors,” received a standing ovation for his insights.
Ada Fisher, a physician and perennial GOP also-ran from North Carolina, complained that LGBT issues shouldn't be central to the conversation about civil rights: “I think it's unfortunate that people have diluted the purpose of the march on Washington I think it's an unfair comparison. Whenever anybody wants something in this country they compare it the civil rights movement.”
To top it off, Alveda King, a niece of MLK Jr.'s, sang a spiritual rewritten to be more evangelical in tone. King has been trading on her family name for years to insist that her uncle would want nothing to do with gay rights.
Of course, no one seems to have mentioned that the main organizer of the March on Washington was a gay man, Bayard Rustin, who drew a direct connection between the civil rights movement and gay rights.
So, how's that rebranding going, Republicans?
Photo credit: National Archives
The Institute recently released a major study by former chief analyst at Statistics Canada, Philip Cross, assessing the state of Ontario within Canada. The results are startling in terms of the economic decline of one of Canada's founding and traditionally most prosperous province. This is the first of three blog posts that explore specific measures contained in the larger study.
This blog post focuses on economic growth and GDP, which measures the value of all goods and services in the economy. It is one of the broadest measures of income available. The results for Ontarians are discouraging to say the least.
For most of the 1990s, Ontario's real growth in GDP surpassed the average in the rest of Canada. From 1989 to 2002, growth in Ontario totalled 42.1 per cent compared with 37.7 per cent in the rest of Canada. This includes the impact of the recession of the early 1990s, which cut GDP in Ontario by 3.9 per cent between 1989 and 1992 compared with slow but positive growth elsewhere. However, over the 10 years from 1992 to 2002, Ontario's economy grew 47.9 per cent, significantly faster than the 36.9 per cent gain in the rest of Canada (See figure below).
Starting in 2003, Ontario's real GDP growth dropped below the average in the rest of Canada and it has consistently lagged over the ensuing decade. As a result, growth in Ontario between 2002 and 2013 was 15.8 per cent compared to 26.8 per cent elsewhere in Canada. All of the reversal of the gap between growth in Ontario and the rest of Canada originated in slower growth in Ontario, from an annual average of 3.2 per cent between 1989 and 2002 to 1.4 per cent after 2002 (growth elsewhere decelerated from 2.9 per cent to 2.4 per cent). Nor is the shortfall mostly due to the recession; this gap in growth of 11 percentage points was almost equally spread between the years before and after 2008 (5.1 percentage points compared to 4.8 percentage points). Every percentage point of growth lost by Ontario represented $7 billion of GDP in 2013.
As a result of Ontario's relatively slow growth, its share of Canada's GDP has fallen from a high of 41.5 per cent in 2002 to 36.7 per cent in 2013. Ontario's previous lows were short-term cyclical events associated with recessions in its manufacturing sector in the early 1980s and early 1990s. What is different since 2002 is the persistence of Ontario's relative decline in 10 of the last 11 years.
Ontario's dwindling share of the economy in Canada cannot be dismissed as just the inevitable by-product of the resource boom in some other provinces. For one, Ontario also has a large resource base. It is home to Canada's largest utilities and mining industries (excluding oil and gas) and its third-largest forestry industry. Ontario is unmatched in downstream manufacturing that process resources, notably
primary metals, lumber, pulp and paper, petroleum refining, food, chemicals and non-metallic minerals.
The reality is that poor policy in the province, particularly with respect to competitiveness and the cost of doing business have resulted in less investment and thus less prosperity.
Is there a caste or communal link to corruption and crime? Or, are your chances of being involved (and getting caught) in corruption cases higher as you go down the caste ladder? Nobody in his right mind would say yes to either of these. But let's examine some facts.
Why is there a preponderance of this underclass among those charged with corruption, or even targeted in media sting operations? Here is a roll call: A. Raja and Mayawati (Dalit), Madhu Koda and Shibu Soren (tribal), Lalu Prasad and Mulayam Singh Yadav (OBC), are all caught in corruption or disproportionate assets cases. Faggan Singh Kulaste, Ashok Argal and Mahavir Singh Bhagora, caught in the cash-for-votes sting, are all SC/ST; among the BSP MPs in the cash-for-queries sting, Narendra Kushwaha and Raja Ram Pal (who is now in the Congress) are OBC, and Lalchandra Kol a Dalit. Of course, there are also some illustrious upper-caste representatives in the net: Sukh Ram, Jayalalithaa, Suresh Kalmadi. But there are far fewer of them. Could it be that the upper crust tends to be "cleaner" as a rule, or could it be that the system is loaded against those in the lower half of the social pyramid? The Sachar Committee report on the condition of Muslims also tells us that the only place where our Muslims have numbers disproportionately high in comparison to their population is jails. So, face the question once again: do Muslims tend to be more criminal than Hindus, or is the system loaded against them?
For another example, look at the BJP. Two of its senior leaders were caught on camera accepting cash. One, Dilip Singh Judeo, caught taking Rs 9 lakh, was a mere MP, but of a high caste, and was happily rehabilitated in the party, fielded in the election, and is now back in Parliament. The other, Bangaru Laxman, caught taking just Rs 1 lakh, was ranked much higher in the party; he was, in fact, the president, but much lower on the caste pyramid, a Dalit. He has been banished and isolated and is fighting the charges in that Tehelka sting case by himself. I am sorry to use this expression, but the party treated him as an utter outcast even as it continued to defend Judeo. What is the difference between the two except caste? You want to take this argument to the judiciary? It has been loosely insinuated by many prominent people, including by some notable members of Team Anna, that a large number of our former chief justices have been corrupt. But who is the only one targeted by name (however unsubstantiated the charges)? It is Justice K.G. Balakrishnan, currently chairman of the National Human Rights Commission and, more importantly, India's first Dalit chief justice.
... contd.
ALSO READ Degrees of irresponsibility
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
A group of women's rights protesters interrupted the premiere of Meryl Streep's new film, in which she plays a women's rights activist.
The protesters, who are part of a group called Sisters Uncut, laid their bodies on the red carpet at the London premiere of Suffragette on Wednesday, and had to be carried away by security. It's unclear if Streep was present at the time of the protest.
According to the group's Facebook page, the demonstration was meant to express their outrage over Parliament's recent decision to cut funding for domestic violence services.
“To those in power, our message is this: your cuts are sexist, your cuts are dangerous, and you think that you can get away with them because you have targeted the people who you perceive as powerless,”a post on Sisters Uncut's page says. “We are those people, we are women, we will not be silenced.”
The group has not specified whether their protest was in response to the film, or they were simply using the red carpet as a means of gaining exposure.
In addition to starring as a women's suffrage pioneer in the movie, Streep has long been a champion of women's rights, and recently spoken out against what she says is a shocking lack of female critics in the film industry.
Calling it “infuriating” that box office buzz is drummed up by an overwhelming majority of male critics, Streep tells BBC, “If men don't look around the the board of governors tables and feel something is wrong when half the people there are not women then we're not going to make any progress.”
The Oscar-winner tells the website that according to her research, only 168 out of 928 reviewers on Rotten Tomatoes are female, and that there are only 2 women working for The New York Film Critics circle compared to 37 men.
“Men and women are not the same, sometimes their tastes diverge,” Streep told NPR. “The word isn't disheartening It's infuriating. People accept this as received wisdom … we need inclusion.”
Streep also recently wrote 535 members of Congress calling to revive the Equal Rights Amendment. “I sent them each a book called Equal Means Equal by Jessica Neuwirth,” said Streep, according to The Hollywood Reporter. “It's about the revival of the attempt to get an ERA that would codify in law that you can't discriminate against women. I got five answers.”
Suffragette hits theaters Oct. 23.
Yes, that means Pretty Little Liars will be resolving the whole why of it all when it comes to "A" within the first 10 episodes, which King says she finds "exciting" as a storyteller.
"It's just a really exciting season of answers and closure. As we go, it's connecting these big dots and I want the fans to figure it out on their own," she says of revealing how Charles DiLaurentis came to be the series ultimate big bad. "Many are getting very, very close to figuring out the how and the why of it all. I've seen some very close theories online lately."
While King wouldn't say if an actor had already been cast as Charles or if it's someone we've already seen (his face was hidden behind a mask throughout the finale), she promises, "Yes, you will see Charles' face. The girls will come face-to-face with 'A' before the end of the summer and 'A' will be completely unmasked."
Are you excited for Pretty Little Liars' big time-jump? Any Charles theories you want to share? Sounds off in the comments!
Image copyright AP
Three brothers aged one, five and 12 are dead after a neighbour attacked them with a knife in their North Carolina home, say police.
The boys' elder sister and mother were also hurt in the attack in New Bern.
Officers have arrested a man, and they say he and the victims are all Burmese, with a language barrier complicating their investigation.
The city of New Bern is home to about 1,900 Burmese refugees, who fled persecution in their home country.
Image copyright AP Image caption The suspect faces three murder charges
Police say the motive of 18-year-old Eh Lar Doh Htoo's is not yet known, but they have charged him with three counts of murder and assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill.
Mr Htoo used a "machete-style" knife in the attack, according to local television station WITN.
"Any time this happens in any community, any part of town, it's surprising," said New Bern Police Chief Toussaint Summers Jr.
On Tuesday at about 23:00 local time (03:00GMT Wednesday), police were called to a house where a person was said to be wielding a knife.
Upon entering the home, they discovered that two of the boys had already died. The third boy died later in hospital.
During the attack, the boys' mother jumped from a second-floor window and ran to a nearby house to seek help, neighbours say.
Image copyright AP
Susan Husson, the executive director of the Interfaith Refugee Ministry in New Bern, said the first Burmese refugees arrived in the city around 1999.
"It's just really hard right now," she said. "It's been really horrific."
Neighbours say that Mr Htoo was a member of the Karen ethnic group. The oppressed group has had their language banned in their home country of Myanmar (also known as Burma).
He is scheduled to appear in court on Friday.
The Detroit Lions are enjoying a renaissance this season. Entering their bye week boasting a 6-2 record, the Lions trail the Packers in the NFC North, but are leading the chase for a Wild Card playoff berth. The offense is led by the potent combination of Matthew Stafford and Calvin Johnson while coach Jim Schwartz's defense, led by Ndamukung Suh, plays fast and aggressive as the muscle cars that defined the city in its heyday.
With bona fide stars in Suh and Megatron, these Lions are getting some swagger about them. Heck, Schwartz is even picking fights with other coaches. The fans at Ford Field are also starting to find their voice. Earlier this season, they turned out en masse for the franchise's first "Monday Night Football" game in years. After a stretch housing lackluster teams, Ford Field in Detroit is now host to one of the best weekly parties in the NFL.
Like any party, music selection is always important. Well, Lions fans have come out in numbers to make it clear that they do not want to hear Canadian rockers Nickleback at halftime of the the team's Thanksgiving game.
An online petition claims that "The Lions ought to think about their fans before choosing such an awful band to play at halftime," and requests that the club replace the band.
South Dakota Democratic Senate contender Rick Weiland is launching a petition calling for the replacement of Sen. Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE (D-Nev.) as majority leader.
“This is a fight I intend to continue no matter how long it takes," Weiland said in a statement, "because it is a fight for the new leadership the Congress must have if the larger battle to drive big money out of Congress, and thus open the door to progress for all of America, is to succeed.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Weiland has made campaign finance reform central to his platform.
His campaign said he sent a letter to other Senate candidates asking them to join his petition and consider ousting Reid.
“I wish you the very best of luck in your campaign, and I look forward, should we each be fortunate enough to succeed in our campaigns, to working with you to bring new leadership to our party, the Senate, and the country at large,” Weiland wrote.
The petition Weiland is circulating calling for new Senate leadership mentioned Sens. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) and Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) as possible replacements for Reid.
A spokesman for Reid dismissed the petition.
“Desperation is an ugly thing and it's sad to see Rick Weiland ending his ill-advised campaign and brief political career by attacking fellow Democrats,” said Adam Jentleson in a statement to The Hill.
Weiland's petition is the latest in a running feud between the candidate and the leader of his party. Reid was hoping that another candidate would enter the race, and appeared to largely write off Weiland's chances.
“He's not my choice,” Reid said of Weiland in May.
Some thought that dynamic might change when the race suddenly became competitive this month in part thanks to an influx of outside money into the race.
But while the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC) has become involved in the race, Senate Majority PAC, which has former Reid aides on staff, has not.
The DSCC's ads have also focused on attacking the Republican candidate, rather than boosting Weiland directly. The Democrat has alleged that the DSCC is seeking to boost independent candidate and former Sen. Larry Pressler.
Weiland has also claimed that the negative ads hurt his campaign in a state where he says voters value civility.
Altcoins Poloniex to Ban New Hampshire Residents
In a shock announcement, cryptocurrency exchange Poloniex announced it will suspend service to New Hampshire residents from October 6.
Also read: Bitcoin Uncensored: The Libertarian Nonsense Machine
New Hampshire Residents Must Withdraw Funds
Poloniex posted this announcement on its site:
“Due to changes in New Hampshire's regulatory statute as it applies to cryptocurrency, Poloniex will temporarily suspend New Hampshire account creation until further notice.”
This means New Hampshire residents currently using Poloniex will need to close open orders and withdraw funds. This includes those with open margin positions.
Poloniex is notifying all affected customers by email with two weeks' notice.
The exchange said it will “suspend” account details after October 6, but will not delete them. Users who miss the deadline will have view-only access to their accounts, and Poloniex will hold remaining balances in reserve.
Poloniex added that it is consulting with state officials and hopes to open services to NH again at some unspecified point in future.
“Our legal team is working closely with the State of New Hampshire Banking Department and other regulatory agencies to verify that changes in their statutes apply to the services offered by Poloniex and to seek licenses where necessary. This is a nascent industry; as the regulations around it mature, these types of service disruptions may not be entirely avoidable, but we have been and will continue to be proactive in educating regulators and monitoring both existing laws and upcoming changes to these laws so that we can limit interruptions wherever possible.”
Live Free or Die, But Don't Trade Without a License
Despite New Hampshire's image as a libertarian refuge — it is home to the Free State Project and libertarian festival Porcfest, and the state motto is “Live Free or Die” — Poloniex's announcement reminds people whoare in charge.
The suspension will no doubt be controversial and NH's singling-out for suspension may damage its reputation.
Traders Knew About New Regulations
Cryptocurrency traders have known about NH's new regulations for a while, though.
Some worried last December that the state's new regulations would effectively ban Bitcoin use. Rather, they added “convertible virtual currency” to existing “money transmitter” statutes, including bitcoin exchange as a form of currency trading.
There's more to being a money transmitter than just applying for a license, though. Applicants must pay a $500 fee and undergo federal and state background checks. Licensees must also post a $100,000 surety bond, or show they can cover that sum.
Do you live in New Hampshire? Do you think Poloniex will successfully apply for a money transmitter license there, or anywhere?
Images via Wikimedia Commons, Poloniex
Installing applications in Ubuntu, in most cases, is as easy as going to the Ubuntu Software Center, search for the application and press the installation button. However, there are times when the applications you are looking for is not available in the Ubuntu repository, or that the software version in the repository is outdated. This is when a deb file or a Personal Package Archive (PPA) comes in handy.
The advantages of using a PPA is that you can add new application package to your existing repository and install it the way you normally do (by terminal or Ubuntu Software Center). Additionally, when there is new update in the application, you will be automatically upgraded.
With all that said, the only problem with PPA is that not all applications come with a PPA. And for those that have one, it can be difficult to find. For new users, adding the PPA involves the command line, which many people will shun as much as possible. Y PPA Manager aims to make the above process much easier.
Y PPA Manager is a simple tool that allows you to search for PPAs and install them without hitting the terminal. It also allows you to manage (add/remove/purge) your existing PPAs with a few clicks.
Usage
Open a terminal (hopefully this will be the last time you install PPA via the terminal) and type:
Once installed, go to “Applications -> System Tools -> Y PPA Manager“.
There are few options for you to manage your PPAs
Add PPA
If you know the PPA, you can add it to your repository using the “Add PPA” option.
After Y PPA Manager has added the PPA, it will also run a update on your system to retrieve the package files. When it is done (it will notify you via the NotifyOSD), you can go to Ubuntu Software Center to install the application.
Remove PPA
When you select the “Remove a PPA” option, it will show you all the existing PPAs you have installed in your system. You can then select the one you want to remove.
Search for PPA
The best part about the Y PAA Manager is that you can search for PPAs right within the app. Double-click the “Search All LaunchPad PPAs” option and perform your search. If there are matching results, it will display in a new window and you can then select the PPA and install it in your system.
Purge PPA
Removing a PPA only prevents the application from being updated. Your installed application will still be the same. On the other hand, purging a PPA will downgrade the packages to the version in the official Ubuntu repositories and disables that PPA. In Y PPA Manager, you can also purge a PPA with the “Purge a PPA” option. Similarly it will display the list of installed PPA and you just select the one you want to purge.
Wrapping up
Most of the functionality in Y PPA Manager are just wrapper for the commonly used commands. Seasoned users might prefer the command line more than using this application, but I am sure that new (or novice) users will appreciate the simplicity and usefulness of this app, and also save you from the terror of the terminal.
One thing that I hope to see is the ability to install applications right after I have added a PPA. People don't add PPA for fun. They will add PPA so that they can install certain applications not found in the repository. If Y PPA Manager can show the respective applications after adding the PPA and provide an option for the user to install the app, it will be perfect.
What do you think?
When it opened in September, the National Museum of African American History & Culture failed to include an African American in one of the most important federal branches — Justice Clarence Thomas.
Professor Jacobson blogged in October:
One of the unique identifying features of leftist control of institutions is the use and abuse of history to advance current political objectives.
By any fair measure, Clarence Thomas plays a prominent role in Black History. But not at the new National Museum of African American History & Culture, part of the Smithsonian. Thomas has been all but written out of the history books, so to speak, part of a decades-long effort to demean and trivialize Thomas because he's a conservative jurist. How Orwellian of them.
Via The Daily Signal, Clarence Thomas Is Conspicuously Absent in New Black History Smithsonian:
A continuous positive airway pressure machine is the treatment of choice against sleep apnea. (iStock)
The dangers associated with night-time breathing disturbances, such as obstructive sleep apnea, are well known: increased risk of high blood pressure, heart attack, stroke and diabetes, not to mention sometimes dangerous daytime drowsiness, according to the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute.
Now a study suggests that such sleep conditions can hasten the onset of both Alzheimer's disease and "moderate cognitive impairment," such as memory loss, by quite a few years. But in a bit of good news, it concludes that using a continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) machine, the treatment of choice for sleep apnea, can prevent or delay cognitive problems.
A team of researchers led by Ricardo Osorio, an assistant professor of psychiatry at NYU Langone Medical Center determined that the sleep disturbances brought on mild cognitive impairment at least 11 years earlier in groups of people enrolled in a long-term Alzheimer's disease study, even when they controlled for other factors. In the largest group, that meant self-reported or family-reported cognitive problems, such as memory loss, at about 72 instead of 83.
The same was true for Alzheimer's disease itself, which started in one group at a little older than 83, instead of about 88, when other factors were ruled out. The study was published online in the journal Neurology.
[Everything ages, even your brain. Don't worry, you probably don't have Alzheimer's]
It could be that the intermittent cutoff of oxygen to the brain is responsible for the problems, or the sleep disruption itself may be affecting cognition, Osorio said. Studies are underway to determine the cause.
Obstructive sleep apnea, a condition in which airways are blocked for seconds or minutes during sleep, remains sharply under-diagnosed, especially in older people. The American Sleep Apnea Association estimates that 22 million people have it, and that 80 percent of moderate and severe cases are undiagnosed.
Osorio's study says 52.6 percent of older men and 26.3 percent of older women have it, but most don't know it. This is because doctors and health-care providers don't tend to ask the elderly about apnea and because a higher proportion of them sleep alone, so there is often no one to witness the loud snoring or gasping that accompany apnea.
[Sleep disorders may raise risk of Alzheimer's]
Previous studies have suggested a link between sleep apnea and an increased risk of Alzheimer's disease, but none had gone so far as estimating how much sooner the dreaded form of dementia might occur. Nor had anyone shown that CPAP devices could mitigate the risks, Osorio said.
The study was conducted by examining the characteristics of people with both normal and abnormal cognitive functioning enrolled in the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative. The group using the breathing machines, which pump a continuous stream of air through a mask to keep airways open, was small, so Osorio already has begun a pilot study to directly observe whether the CPAP devices delay the onset of cognitive problems.
He said that increased awareness of sleep apnea among older people, in both the general population and among health-care providers, is critical.
The Bank of England in London. Jim Edwards The Bank of England has devoted two papers to the rise of digital currencies. It's another demonstration of Bitcoin's transformation from niche cyber-libertarian intrigue to a subject of mainstream interest.
More significantly, the Bank suggests that the key innovation is not the digital currency itself — which is subject to wild fluctuations — but the "distributed ledger," which tracks Bitcoin transactions. That ledger has the potential to revolutionize the financial system, the bank argues.
Although there has been a great deal of innovation and new technology in payment systems, the Bank says "the basic structure of centralised payment systems has remained unchanged." At the core of the system is a central ledger (usually a central bank) that records and settles transactions.
Bitcoin, and other digital currencies, works on a completely different decentralized model. Instead of a central ledger digital (crypto)currencies operate with a publicly visible ledger, with copies shared between all participants. The advantage of this system is that it avoids the problem of people spending the same money multiple times without having to have centralized monitoring of the process. Or as the Bank puts it:
Since anybody can check any proposed transaction against the ledger, this approach removes the need for a central authority and thus for participants to have confidence in the integrity of any single entity.
This removes two key risks of a centralized system — credit risk and liquidity risk. Credit risk arises where one of the banks in a system goes bust, leaving unpaid debts to other institutions in the system. Liquidity risk comes about when a firm is fundamentally sound (it has the necessary assets to pay off its debts) but at a particular time it is unable to convert those assets to cash in order to meet its debt payments.
With a distributed system payments pass directly between users. Bank of England
The decentralized system should be resilient to these problems as at any given time there should be as many "redundant backups" (non-active contributors) as there are current contributors to the network. As such there should be far fewer choke points that lead to a system-wide problem.
But the exciting part of this is that this technology could have implications far beyond payment systems alone. The Bank provides some fascinating hints for just how wide the applications of this could be (emphasis mine):
As water Thursday night rose toward the brim of the reservoir behind the damaged spillway of Oroville Dam, state officials braced for the unprecedented: having to open the emergency outlet of the tallest dam in the United States, which could have untold ecological consequences.
The trouble started Tuesday in the midst of relentless rainstorms, as a section of the concrete spillway that later grew to more than 200 feet wide and 30 feet deep collapsed, frothing the Feather River below like chocolate syrup, so thick with mud and debris that those toiling to save millions of salmon at the hatchery below could hardly see two inches beneath the surface.
Officials stopped releases to inspect the problem but runoff kept the reservoir rising. On Thursday morning, officials increased the flow. The fissure ballooned outward, sending coffee-colored water gushing down the adjacent hillside.
Allowing water to spill down the emergency spillway could be a necessity by Saturday if the level of California's second-largest reservoir continues to rise, said Bill Croyle, deputy director of the California Department of Water Resources. But no one quite knows what that would do to the river and what lives in it.
The unlined emergency chute, which has never been called into use in the dam's nearly 50-year history, would send deluges cascading down a neighboring hillside, taking into the river stray tree branches, dirt and anything else in the path of the liquid avalanche.
Appearances aside, Croyle said his team, with consultation from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, maintains the dam itself is sound.
“None of this emergency we have now is affecting the integrity of the dam itself,” Croyle said. “I think that's important ... there's no risk to the public.”
Millions of fish raised at Feather River Hatchery below — ones crucial to California's salmon stock — were not so lucky, as workers were scurrying to snap up in nets 4 million fish in danger of dying, and then trucking them miles downstream to safety. But nearly 5 million other fish and fish eggs couldn't be moved.
The turbidity, or cloudiness, of the water running into Feather River Hatchery in Butte County, roughly 75 miles north of Sacramento, was “off the charts,” said Harry Morse, a spokesman for the California Department of Fish and Wildlife. Normal turbidity levels tend to be about 10 units, while Thursday's recordings soared into the 400s, he said.
“This is just uncharted territory,” Morse said.
Workers were moving the millions of young fish, said to be about three months too young to safely release into the wild, about 10 miles down the river via giant tanker trucks to a facility at the Thermalito Afterbay far enough off the river that they should survive, Morse said.
Though water officials were releasing 35,000 cubic feet of water per second down the damaged spillway Thursday, with more pumped out via its power plant, it wasn't nearly enough to cancel out the 191,000 cfs pouring into the reservoir from storm runoff, Croyle said.
In an effort to avoid needing to use the emergency spillway, Croyle said water experts were mulling increasing the flow to 55,000 cfs — similar levels to earlier in the week — but that could enlarge the gaping hole in the concrete spillway and worsen erosion that's already unprecedented there.
Completed in 1968, the 770-foot dam provides water to large swaths of the state, including Central Valley farms and Southern California homes and businesses. The reservoir, which holds 3.5 million acre-feet of water, rose to more than 90 percent of its capacity Thursday evening.
Crews were working throughout the day to clear debris from the hillsides around both spillways — more than 50 acres of brush in all, officials said, trying to limit the debris that would join the flow if worse comes to worst.
Though fixing the “emergency” takes precedent, Croyle said state officials are eyeing already how to repair the massive structure, which would cost millions of dollars. Repairs likely won't start for three months at the earliest, Croyle said.
“It's key we understand what happened” before starting repairs, Croyle said, adding that officials are still examining what went wrong.
Inside the hatchery, which supplies fish that are later caught along the California coast and north up to Oregon, 1 million steelhead eggs, were in danger of being wiped out, Morse said.
The open concrete pools outside the hatchery, where the millions of evacuated fish lived — and where millions more still were trapped — take in water right from the river and were swamped with filth. The delicate fish eggs, which must be incubated in cold, clear water, are kept farther inside the facility behind filter defenses.
But the filters proved feeble in the face of the turbidity, and scientists inside scrambled to figure out how to safely mix tap water, which contains enough chlorine to kill the fragile eggs, with the cloudy river water that wasn't much safer.
“This is a work in progress, and it has not been done before,” Morse said. “It's ongoing as we speak.”
John McManus, executive director of the Golden Gate Salmon Association, said the Feather River Hatchery is “very important” to salmon production throughout California.
“It provides a lot of the fish that are caught in the ocean,” McManus said. “The loss of those fish would indeed be a blow to the salmon fishery.”
By 7 p.m. Thursday, the reservoir had risen to 887 feet, up 8 feet from the morning. After another 14 feet, the lake would be unleashed. And the water was rising.
Michael Bodley is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: mbodley@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @michael_bodley
Rabat - Morocco will soon acquire an S-400 air defense system from Russia , reported Russian media on November 9. The mighty ground-to-air missiles are meant to reinforce the kingdom's military anti-aircraft defense.
Chaima Lahsini is freelance journalist and activist with the Al-Fam collective in Rabat.
Rabat – Morocco will soon acquire an S-400 air defense system from Russia, reported Russian media on November 9. The mighty ground-to-air missiles are meant to reinforce the kingdom's military anti-aircraft defense.
What started as media speculations during the visit of Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev are turning out to be more than mere rumors.
Last October, the two countries signed 11 agreements, and while Medvedev announced Russia's decision to “deliver military equipment” to Morocco, the prime minister did not disclose the nature of these products.
As talks about purchase of military weapons were widely relayed by local and international media, it is the Russian press that confirmed the news yesterday, by announcing that Morocco will soon acquire S-400 batteries.
The anti-aircraft and missile defense system includes radars that would be able to shoot 80 targets and control up to 160 missiles, explained the source. This new asset will provide an edge to Morocco's army defense capabilities, as the Russian system has a range of 400 kilometers and can shoot down up to 80 targets simultaneously, aiming two missiles at each one.
The S-400 can also destroy stealth aircraft, cruise and ballistic missiles, drones and other airborne surveillance systems at a 3,500-kilometer distance, at a speed of 4.8 kilometers per second.
The missile's long-range surveillance radar tracks objects and relays information to the command vehicle, which assesses potential targets. When a target is identified, the command vehicle offers the missile launch.
The launch data is then sent to the best-placed launch vehicle, which it releases surface-to-air missiles. The engagement radar helps guide the missiles towards the chosen target.
While the cost of this new deal have not been disclosed by the source, in September, Turkey had acquired the same S-400 anti-aircraft missiles at EUR 2.14 billion. Turkey is not the only one to possess this type of weapon. Algeria and China also acquired the Russian missiles, while Saudi Arabia and India are planning to purchase it as well.
Earlier today, Ed Krayewski wrote of a troubling argument presented by the Department of Justice in a lawsuit over the extrajudicial killing of American citizens in Yemen. The DOJ argued that the court was essentially barred from examining the legality and Fourth Amendment issues of the case due to security issues. Legal Times noted:
U.S. District Judge Rosemary Collyer repeatedly expressed concern that the government's position would essentially strip U.S. citizens abroad of their constitutional rights. Deputy Assistant Attorney General Brian Hauck argued there was a difference between having a constitutional right—which he said could be protected by the executive and legislative branches—and being able to make constitutional claims in court. Collyer countered that not being able to access the courts would deprive citizens of the ability to enforce their rights. "I'm really troubled…that you cannot explain to me where the end of it is," Collyer said. "That, yes, they have constitutional rights but there is no remedy for those constitutional rights."
Yes, it appears that Hauck is arguing that the executive and legislative branches will protect constitutional claims even in the absence of the judiciary involvement, which is a remarkable … I don't know quite how to describe it. A remarkably mendacious analysis of the history of the protection of civil liberties in the United States, is what it is.
Over at Wired, despite this allegedly “national discussion” President Barack Obama said he would like to have about balancing liberty and security, again, the administration is doing what it can to keep it out of the courtroom:
The Obama administration for the first time responded to a Spygate lawsuit, telling a federal judge the wholesale vacuuming up of all phone-call metadata in the United States is in the “public interest,” does not breach the constitutional rights of Americans and cannot be challenged in a court of law. Thursday's response marks the first time the administration has officially answered one of at least four lawsuits challenging the constitutionality of a secret U.S. snooping program the Guardian newspaper disclosed last month. The administration's filing sets the stage for what is to be a lengthy legal odyssey — one likely to outlive the Obama presidency — that will define the privacy rights of Americans for years to come. The New York federal district court lawsuit, brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, demands a federal judge immediately halt the spy program the civil rights group labeled as “one of the largest surveillance efforts ever launched by a democratic government.”
Just to emphasize: “cannot be challenged in a court of law.” Actually, maybe that's why the phrase “conversation” keeps being invoked. A conversation doesn't actually indicate any changes of policy will be forthcoming. Keeping the judiciary out of the equation makes it possible to let people go on about their concerns, smile sagely at them and act as though you, too, are concerned, and then continue on doing exactly what you're doing. This pretty much appears to be the Obama Administration's strategy: leadership via feigned interest.
Estimated reading time: 3 minute(s)
The University of Missouri-St. Louis, in partnership with Civic Progress, the St. Louis Mosaic Project, Global EIR Coalition and Arch Grants, announced the launch of Gateway Accelerate, Powered by UMSL Accelerate.
The goal of the program is to attract entrepreneurs from around the world to grow businesses in St. Louis, adding new revenue streams and employment opportunities for the local economy, innovation ecosystem and native-born students.
“Launching the first Midwest program for international entrepreneurs through University of Missouri-St. Louis will be critical to seeing this important program expand to other regional universities in the coming years. St. Louis seeks to become more global,” said St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay in a statement. “As international entrepreneurial companies see that St. Louis offers entrepreneurial culture coupled with high quality of life and low cost of living, they will look to affiliate with our local universities and add job growth to St. Louis.”
Gateway Accelerate will assist selected entrepreneurs with cap-exempt H-1B visa applications, enrollment in a 12-week boot camp, discounted office space, network development, mentorship and access to capital. Entrepreneurs selected will be based at UMSL and will connect to key mentors and supporters for each business' needs.
Ginger Imster, executive director of Arch Grants, says the group looks forward to their contribution to regional growth through this program. “Arch Grants has the expertise to assist Gateway Accelerate in the review and selection of the most promising international companies. We will help UMSL this first year and look forward to helping more local universities as they join the program in the following years.”
Coming on as founding executive director for Gateway Accelerate is Dan Lauer, an alum of UMSL's business school, serial entrepreneur and founder of Waterbabies. He returned to the UMSL this spring to launch the program.
“UMSL is doing a lot of great things in the areas of innovation and entrepreneurship,” said Lauer in a statement. “Accelerate will support and enhance these various resources and present the public with a unified message about entrepreneurship at UMSL.”
The entrepreneurs invited participating will advance the mission of UMSL by contributing to academic research, developing coursework, providing students with internship and employment opportunities and/or serving as mentors. This program will serve as a model for other universities in the region, with the potential to add hundreds of jobs to the St. Louis regional economy.
“It's fitting that the University of Missouri-St. Louis (UMSL) will be the first university in the Midwest to launch this program, UMSL attracts talent from around the world and having international entrepreneurs located at the university will provide opportunities for student internships and research positions,” said County Executive Steve Stenger in a Statement. “Gateway Accelerate will create a bridge to new technology and jobs for our region.”
Betsy Cohen, executive director of St. Louis Mosaic Project, agrees. “The St. Louis region has 9,000 international students on an ongoing basis” she said in a statement. “This program is one way to foster innovation while retaining international talent that has been educated here, as some of these students have started successful businesses.”
Civic Progress also sees the value in UMSL Accelerate and contributed $50,000. “Civic Progress sees the need to retain and attract international entrepreneurs to St. Louis. This contribution will act as a catalyst for the region, because UMSL can bring international awareness to the website and process for international entrepreneurs to come to St. Louis. Following UMSL's first cohort group, we expect to be working with our other universities to bring them into the Gateway Accelerate model in the following years, allowing international entrepreneurs to access a visa through the entrepreneurial company's contribution to the host university,” said Tom Irwin, executive director, Civic Progress.
Applications will be accepted at gatewayaccelerate.com.
How Strong Marketing Can Help You Become Visible to Your Dream Clients and Employers:
With a consistent marketing campaign, you can be the one they're all talking about
When was the last time you saw Richard Simmons? That guy drives me absolutely nuts. And yet, it's nearly impossible for me to go a whole week without seeing him on national television – he is an example of strong marketing. He's been in soap operas, talk shows, movies, sitcoms, and – last but not least – infomercials. Over the course of 250 annual personal appearances, Richard sells millions of dollars worth of books, diet plans, videos, and a whole laundry list of diet products. The truth is that his ability is not nearly important as his visibility.
An Empire in Dolphin Shorts
He's not that fit or good looking. His advice isn't that great. His products aren't necessarily better or different than anyone else's. But his constant exposure has created an extremely successful fitness empire.
On that note, there is a lot that advisers can learn from Richard Simmons. I'm not suggesting anyone create an “Investin' to the Oldies” financial fitness video, but I am saying that one of the best investments you can make in your career may be the time and energy you spend increasing your visibility.
Make It a Priority
There are many ways you can effectively improve your visibility – some more creative than others. But, if you truly want to become known in your target, you have to make it a professional priority. You have to be prepared to create a budget and consistently promote your identity to the audience you want.
With great success, you can consistently use e-mail blasting, direct mail, and print ads on a pretty tight budget. For free, credible advertising, send press releases to the television and print media your clients used to promote awards, PR involvement, and even new marketing materials. If you have a seminar, you should use advertising to fill seats. You should also make your site a resource that your prospects bookmark.
Personal Public Relations
Those are all things you can do on a consistent basis that can nearly guarantee visibility. But, if you are truly creative, there are other avenues you can take. Using information channels like websites, e-mails, postcards and press releases, you can advertise community involvement and support, charity donations, and special events. You can also seek opportunities to write newspaper columns and star on radio and television shows as a financial expert.
Credibility for Free
All of these tools and techniques may seem beyond your capacity, but the advisers who consistently use them see them pay off in dividends. For instance, when Northern Virginia professional Dywane Hall began calling radio and television producers, murmurs were heard around his office that he was wasting his time. Dywane kept in constant touch with his media contacts. Before they had ever realized a change in the market, he had called them to explain what oncoming trends.
His persistence paid off over the course of the coming months. He was offered a weekly radio show by one station and began appearing on television as an expert. “It's a whole lot cheaper than buying advertising,” Dywane said. “Besides, you can't buy that level of credibility.” Over the course of a few years, Dywane's public relations efforts stayed the same while his visibility skyrocketed.
Visibility at Work
The snowball effect of media visibility has made Dywane a subject-matter expert who has been quoted in USA Today, Money magazine, the Washington Post, the Washington Times, and nearly a dozen smaller papers in his market. He has been seen numerous times nationally on PBS and is a regular on the local news affiliates of FOX, NBC, and CBS. He supplements his media appearances with a direct mail campaign, using a personal brochure and postcards to further promote himself as a brand.
By constantly generating a flow of new prospects, Dywane has the power of selectively choosing his clients. Yet, he's humble about his success. “I don't claim to be the greatest,” admits Dywane. “But I am the one more people see and hear from more often, and that goes a long ways.”
What other examples of strong marketing do you have? Leave a comment about ways you have used strong marketing to help build your business.
Other related articles:
The Bear Necessities: Thrive in a Tough Market with Strong Marketing
Trends in Business Credit Cards for 2010
Make Referral Marketing Your Priority
What Will Be New About Your New Year?
The Shaft: How Some Companies Prey on the Poor
———–
For more info: Click on “Subscribe to Newsletter” and enter your email address at the tops of the page to receive notice of this weekly feature and other new articles. You may also email your Job Search related questions to Mark@MarkMontoya.com
Be sure to look for me on your favorite networks:
Please Like My Facebook Pages:
Check out my Books!
Check out some of my other Online Personal Branding Posts to Help Your Small Business or Improve Your Job Search:
————
Mark Montoya has been working in personal branding for more than a decade for hundreds of online and offline companies, small businesses and individual service professionals. His focus has been toward improving the way jobseekers find employment on the Internet. He has synthesized his expertise by helping job seekers obtain their ideal choice of employment over the Internet on his sites MyOnlineCareerSpace.com and MyOnlineCareerCoach.com, and through his books 101 Tips Every Job Seeker Should Know and The Ultimate Online Job Search eBook.
Learn more at MarkMontoya.com, on Twitter, on LinkedIn or StumbleUpon, or Google+.
“It is the responsibility of the individual to reject the prospect of mediocrity and to strive for the betterment of society as a whole” ~ Mark Montoya
Less than 20 miles from my house is one of the most amazing landscapes I've ever visited: Butte County's Table Mountain. You can read about it in Wikipedia, but what you really need to know is that Table Mountain is a high plateau that is covered with wildflowers and studded with numerous seasonal waterfalls.
Quincy and I decided to head out after a recent series of rainstorms to ensure that we would get to see these waterfalls in all of their Spring glory. And we were not disappointed.
Quincy! The big Oak by the parking area. One of dozens of seasonal streams that adorn Table Mountain.
First, I want to thank Chico Hiking Association for providing the basic hike and map information I need get started. As always, once I had a basic idea of where I wanted to hike I created my own custom map using CalTopo. If you haven't used CalTopo I definitely recommend that you head over there and get started creating your own maps today.
After a brief hike of barely a mile we were presented with the first big waterfall of the day: Ravine Falls and Twin Ravine Falls. Twin Ravine Falls is visible from the top, and Ravine Falls is visible from the bottom. Since this was my first visit here I need to go back again to see what other vantage points are available.
Twin Ravine Falls as seen from above. Ravine Falls as seen from below
Ravine Falls is a 76 foot drop that falls into a very narrow, steep-walled canyon. The setting under the falls is hard to describe and even harder to photograph. The best I can do is to say that I kept expecting Gollum and Frodo to appear.
From Ravine Falls we headed further West, to Phantom Falls and Little Phantom Falls at the head of Coal Canyon. Phantom Falls is a 164 foot drop, and Little Phantom is 124 feet. Suffice it to say that you must be very careful about your footing when you visit these falls, especially during rainy days when everything is wet and muddy.
The scenery above Phantom Falls. Dedication plaque at the Phantom Falls overlook. Phantom Falls drops 164 feet. The pool is obscured by these Valley Oaks that grow around the base of the falls. Behind the falls are some caves that I will explore next time I'm there.
Leaving Phantom Falls, we hiked along the length of the ridge towards Little Ravine Falls (a meager 40 foot drop). Along the way we see lots of mushrooms growing out of every cow pie we pass…
Mushrooms. More mushrooms. Little Ravine Falls.
At this point the trail descends into and crosses Coal Canyon. The trail itself is easy to follow and well marked (keep an eye out for the trail markers) although it is a little rough in a few places. And be careful when you go because fording the stream can be tough when it is running high.
Trail marker. Mushrooms. Cow remains. Cow Skull. That eye!
Once we are up the other side of Coal Canyon we had another overland section to cross before reaching Beatson Hollow. We met some more of the locals, including a couple dozen cows (Did I mention their dead friend that we saw in Coal Canyon?) and a Red Salamander. Plus the evidence that the woodpeckers have been busy…
Hello Salamander 🙂 Acorns in a fence post. Cow. Moo.
Once we reached Beaston Hollow the rest of the hike was an easy return to the parking area. We did see more of the beautiful colors* and LOTS of water. Oh, and one final falls, Hollow Falls (45 feet).
4 streams converge below Hollow Falls. Hollow Falls (45 feet). Tom!!
To top it all off, we saw a Tom Turkey on our drive home… All in all it was a beautiful, wet, green day.
Woof!
* I used the “Vivid Colors” filter on my camera for almost every picture of this trip and I really wish I hadn't. The filter is nice for occasional shots, but I wish I had a more “true color” version of these photos. Next time….
Advertisements
Today marks the deadline for registration to vote in the referendums taking place on 22 May.
Unregistered eligible voters who wished to vote in the referendums were obliged to return supplement application forms to the registration authority for their local authority area by 5pm.
The registration authorities are the city and county councils.
The referendums are on the age of presidential candidates and same-sex marriage.
Meanwhile, Yes Equality Chairwoman Gráinne Healy has said Catholic Primate of All Ireland Archbishop Eamon Martin's intervention has served to "muddy the waters" on the same-sex marriage referendum.
Archbishop Martin yesterday said the church would have to consider whether or not it would continue to perform the civil part of marriage ceremonies in the event of a change following the upcoming referendum.
Speaking on RTÉ's Morning Ireland yesterday, Archbishop Martin said it was clearly an issue.
He said: "We would have to look at legislation to see is it possible for us to continue to stand over our ministers being involved in civil ceremonies."
Responding to his comments today, Ms Healy said this referendum had nothing to do with religious or church weddings and was solely to do with civil marriages.
She pointed out that when divorce came into law the Catholic Church was not forced to remarry divorced people.
Ms Healy also said civil partnerships are not the same as civil marriage and that it was a "separate and unequal institution".
She said the church had since the 12th Century included the civil element with the sacramental side.
Ms Healy invited Archbishop Martin to "engage with a dialogue" and discuss the issues around the referendum.
She also said around €200,000 had been raised by the Yes campaign so far in small-scale fundraising around the country.
She said no funding had been received by the Yes Equality campaign from overseas.
Thursday
10am-2pm: Looking for a job on the Peninsula? Check out the City of Hampton Job Fair at the Hampton Roads Convention Center.
4:30-7:30pm: Plug in at Smartcade, the Retro Video Game Night at Smartmouth Beer. and stay for the release of Locals Only Virginia Saison.
5-9pm: Check out the new kids on the block with the release of Natural Juicy at Benchtop Brewing.
5-9pm: Grab a place at Drink n Draw, the Under the Gun Military Edition at Work Release.
5:30-8:30pm: See singer-songwriter Felicia Hoyos live at Tradition Brewing.
6-9pm: Get Out of the Box with Brackish Water Jamboree at the Sandler Center.
6:30-8:30pm: Head to Beer School with Coelacanth at Whole Foods in Virginia Beach.
7-9pm: Local Heroes in Norfolk is hosting a Ladies' Night. It is just what every super nerd dreamed. Speaking of super nerds, I can't wait until someone tries to tell me Batman is hotter than Superman at this event.
7-9pm: Enjoy some jazz with Russell Scarborough Trio at Bottlecraft in Virginia Beach.
7-9pm: It's an acoustic night with Just Us at Borjo.
7:30-9:30pm: Head to the Zeiders American Dream Theater for Songwriters Live.
8pm: See the Classical Mystery Tour featuring music from The Beatles at the Ferguson Center.
8-11pm: Hear On The Cinder, Boxford, and Unit 28 at Charlie's American Café.
Friday
12-2pm: Enjoy free lunchtime music with Slover Sounds featuring Billy Mercury.
4-8pm: Red Stapler Duo kicks off the weekend at St. George Brewing.
5-7pm: Chat it up with curators and artists from the Under the Gun exhibit at Work Release.
6-8pm: Don't miss the Offsite Gallery opening of NY artist Vieno James “Glory.”
6-9pm: Purchase your tickets for the Virginia Living Museum's Bacchus Wine & Food Festival.
6:30-8:30pm: Check out RED, an art exhibition and sale at the Artists Gallery in Virginia Beach.
6:30-9:30pm: Hear Joey Cook & The Partyraddlers at Tradition Brewing.
6:30-9:30pm: Pretend you're in that weird-ass scene from Ghost at the First Fridays Clay Date at Orzo Studio in Portsmouth.
6:30-11pm: Dress it up and get a ticket for the Mardi Gras Gala supporting Catholic Charities of Eastern Virginia.
7-11pm: Plan to attend the 4th Annual Heartbeat Gala at Half Moone.
8pm: Party with Appetite for Destruction, a tribute to Guns N' Roses at the Norva.
8pm: Grab your tickets for Classical Mystery Tour at Chrysler Hall featuring music by The Beatles.
8-9:30pm: Laugh at the recent students of Improv 501 at the Push.
8-11pm: Catch Eric Krasno Band and The Marcus King Band at Shaka's Live.
8pm-1:30am: Make your way to Charlie's American Café for the Hampton Roads Justice Network Fundraiser with live music featuring True Body, RHDP, Cyborg Justice, Clary Sage, and Values 666 and an art auction.
8:30-11:30pm: Richie Beard and Joey Stevens will entertain at Olde Towne Tavern in Hampton.
10pm-2am: Head to the Charity Drag Show at Hershee bar.
Saturday
8am-11pm: Check out the 2017 Hampton Roads Student Gallery at the Slover Library.
9:30-10:30am: Stretch it out during Yoga on Tap at St. George Brewing.
10am-12pm: Work out during Barre at the Bar at Back Bay Brewing.
10am-2pm: Check out the Olde Towne Antiques to Flea Market in Portsmouth.
10am-4pm: Take the family to Brick by Brick: Lego Shipbuilding at the Hampton Roads Naval Museum.
10am-6pm: Enjoy some Anime at BAM Anime and Toy Show presented by Tidewater Comicon.
11am-4pm: Enjoy the 3rd Annual Asian Festival at Williamsburg Pottery.
11:30am and 1pm: Join in on one of the two performances of Talking Drums & Dancing Feet with Atumpan's Creative Thunder Dance Theater at the Children's Museum.
12-4pm: Head to the Portsmouth Colored Community Library Museum and Neighborhood Facility Recreation Center for Ruth Brown: Portsmouth's Own Queen of R&B.
12-10pm: Head to Coelacanth for the release of their Vienna lager, Liebchen. While you're there, check out the Grand Opening of Redwood Smoke Shack.
12-10pm: Celebrate with Big Ugly Brewing Company during their 2nd Anniversary Party.
12:30-2pm: Take part in the Equity & Opportunity in Education discussion at the Slover Library.
1-2pm: Make your way to the Chrysler Museum of Art for Deep River: The Marian Anderson Story.
2-4pm: Check out the Genealogy Class: African-American Genealogy at the Slover Library.
2-4pm: Enjoy a Comedy & Juggling Show at the Suffolk Center for Cultural Arts.
6:30-10pm: Support the Suffolk Humane Society by attending the Paws for the Arts Gala.
7-10pm: Hear music from Brian Shultz at Oozlefinch Brewery.
7pm-12am: Join in on the fun at the 2nd Annual Hampton Roads Mom Prom.
8pm: Party 80s style at The Norva with The Legwarmers.
8pm: See Inaeona, Hexist, Celestial Stage, Kozmic Body, and Clary Sage at RiffHouse Pub in Chesapeake.
8pm-12am: Attend the closing night of Under the Gun with Anthony Rosano and the Conqueroos at Work Release.
9-11pm: Enjoy Belinda, Will You Marry Me? An Improv Show at the Zeiders American Dream Theater.
9:30pm-4am: Better than the Purple People Eater, The Great Purple Get Down will be at The Belmont.
10-11:30pm: Head to the Push Comedy Theater for Speeding Rainbow.
10pm-2am: Grab your ticket to BYOB 90s Party.
10:30pm-1:30am: Enjoy some Headroom at Shaka's Live.
Sunday
9-10am: Make your way to Five Points Community Farm Market for Hooper Bowl Hula Hoop Fitness.
9am-1pm: Head to Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge for Terra Gator Ride and Hike in False Cape State Park.
11am-12pm: Participate in Vino Vinyasa at Mermaid Winery.
12-3pm: Find your newest bed bud before the big game during the Puppy Bowl & Adoption Event at Happy Paws.
1-2pm: Head to the Moses Myers House for a special tour called The Struggle for Freedom.
All Weekend Long
Thursday through Saturday: See New Management at the ODU Theatre.
Thursday through Sunday: You can still catch a performance of A Streetcar Named Desire at the Wells Theatre. Read an AltDaily review here.
Thursday through Sunday: Don't miss The Motherf**ker with the Hat with the Generic Theater. Read an AltDaily review here.
Friday and Saturday: Catch a show of 42nd Street at The Ferguson Center.
Friday through Saturday: Shop the Women Who Create event at Esoteric.
Friday through Sunday and beyond: Make your way to the Little Theatre of Norfolk to see The Farnsworth Invention. Here's an AltDaily review of the show.
Friday through Sunday: See the comedy Olympus On My Mind at the Little Theatre of Virginia Beach. Read an AltDaily review here.
Saturday and Sunday: The Southeastern Guns & Knives show will be at the Virginia Beach Convention Center.
Saturday and Sunday, and beyond: This weekend marks the start of Dinosaurs: Land of Fire & Ice at the Children's Museum of Virginia.
Want your awesome event listed in the Reasons? Send information about your event to mermaidcitygal@gmail.com with the event date in the subject line. Links to event information online are preferable.
Facebook Comments
(CNN) Radhika Kami lives with her family of six in a traditional mud-and-brick house in a rural village in Nepal's Kanchanpur district -- for most of the year.
For about five days each month, the 16-year-old is banished to a hut -- a windowless, ramshackle shed with a small door and poor sanitation and ventilation -- and is forbidden from touching other people, cattle, any fruits and vegetables that are growing, even books.
It is known as a menstruation hut, and Radhika must go there each time she has her period.
The family practices Chhaupadi, a centuries-old custom in the remote west of Nepal in which women, considered "impure" during menstruation, are sequestered for the extent of their periods.
"I feel bad that I have to go sleep (in a separate hut) every month, but what can I do?" Radhika asked.
She is not even allowed to use the family toilet during menstruation, instead making a trip to a nearby river.
But she hopes this won't have to happen for much longer.
On August 9, Nepal's Parliament passed a bill that would criminalize the banishment of women during menstruation. Once the bill goes into effect, set for August 2018, anyone who forces a woman into a menstrual hut will be sentenced to three months in prison or fined US $30.
Sarswati Biswokarma, 13, sits inside a "Chhaupadi house" in the village of Achham.
'It closes the door for us'
Advocates of the ban believe, however, that the real challenge will be enforcing it. If girls like Radhika continue to practice Chhaupadi or if they are forced to practice it by senior members of their family, will they report it to authorities?
"Yes, criminalizing it validates the fact that the government of Nepal thinks it is a criminal offense, but it does not in any way ensure that people will stop doing it," said Pema Lakhi of the Nepal Fertility Care Center, one of the country's leading menstrual hygiene activists.
Menstrual Hygiene activist Pema Lakhi interacting with a local woman in Achham district of Nepal.
Activists have long pressured lawmakers for a law to punish those who force women to practice Chhaupadi, a ritual rooted in Hindu taboos about menstruation. But campaigners believe that more awareness programs are needed to change behavior and mindsets, and they are not convinced that the law alone will solve the problem.
Lakhi is also concerned that criminalization will make people stop talking about the issue and may be counterproductive to the work she and other activists do.
"We are currently working to destigmatize menstruation. ... We talk to girls about Chhaupadi and why they practice it. (Now) they are not going to come up and say 'yes, I (practice) Chhaupadi,' " Lakhi said. "It closes the door for us to actually understand strategic approaches."
Through conversations with women and girls who practice the tradition, Lakhi and her colleagues say, they have learned that many do it because they want to. "In many cases, the ritual is passed on the generation and not necessarily enforced," she said.
Amar Sunar, a human rights and menstrual rights activist based in western Nepal's Dailekh district, is "delighted" that a law will punish Chhaupadi enforcers.
Amar Sunar, a human rights activist in Nepal, is excited about the new law.
Sunar tried to file a police report in July after the death of 19-year-old Tulasi Shahi , who died from a snake bite while taking part in the Chhaupadi ritual. His case was against the girl's parents, but police refused to accept it because there was no law criminalizing the practice, he said.
"Now, this law is going to make it easier for us to legally fight against the perpetrators," Sunar said.
Challenges on the ground
But Sunar adds that he is not very optimistic about immediate change in the villages themselves.
"People may demolish the menstrual huts, but then they will send the girls to some dark unused corners of the house during their menstrual period ... which would be difficult for authorities to monitor," he argued. "Laws don't change attitude."
Under Chhaupadi, women who are menstruating are not allowed to touch growing things.
Some residents of these rural regions are not happy with the ruling, especially those who believe that violating the practice means angering the god or goddess and could bring bad luck to their homes.
"This is absolute high-handedness. Government should have advocated for a safer way to practice Chhaupadi instead," said 69-year-old Laxman Shahi, who lives in a village in the Dailekh district.
Shahi says she will abide by the law but argues that the government is showing no respect for longstanding culture and tradition. "Will the government be responsible if our village is cursed with bad luck?" she asked.
Sunar thinks targeting religious leaders could be crucial to change attitudes among local residents. "What the government should also do is run awareness programs targeting local religious leaders and shamans. They are the ones promoting these superstitions in villages," he said.
The need for action
The parliamentary decision comes after several high-profile deaths.
In addition Tulasi Shahi's case in July, in the same district in May, 14-year-old Lalsara Bika died from a severe cold-related illness contracted during her time in isolation.
Late last year, two girls lost their lives in similar circumstances in nearby Achham district.
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.
Krishna Bhakta Pokhrel, a Nepali lawmaker, said that while the issue of menstrual exile in huts is extreme in the rural areas of Nepal, there are also milder cases in big cities such as Kathmandu, the capital, where women may be restricted from entering certain rooms in the house during menstruation or even restricted from eating in some spaces within their homes. In many cases, women are also barred from entering kitchens and temples or attending religious function while on their period.
"This (law) also puts psychological pressure on women, so we are trying to change the mentality of our society at every level by legally criminalizing these social crimes," said Pokhrel, who was part of the committee that drafted the bill.
Though there is a long road ahead, Pokhrel believes that the bill is a step in the right direction.
"The ruling is good, but what entails is the implementation of the ruling, in terms of what is the strategy that is going to be taken up in letting people know what it is," he said.
A Pakistani team of 12 undergraduate students on Tuesday won a bronze medal in the iGEM World Championship Jamboree held in Boston.
The team, consisting of five girls and seven boys was the first from Pakistan to attend the international genetically engineered machines competition, which started in MIT and has been taking place for 15 years.
The students from across the country gathered in Peshawar this summer to use the cutting-edge discipline of synthetic biology to solve one of the most pressing environmental challenges we face in Pakistan.
Over 300 teams participated in the competition this year, including teams from top education institutions such as Harvard and Oxford.
"We have been waiting for this moment to introduce synthetic biology in Pakistan and what better way then giving students the opportunity to do cutting edge biotechnology research," said Dr. Faisal, principal investigator and team supervisor who is also the director of the Institute of Integrative Biosciences at CECOS University.
"We cannot be playing with ‘Windows95' in an age of ‘Android' and ‘iOS' and we desperately needed this upgrade in life sciences in the country," he added.
Last year 285 teams from across the globe participated in the flagship competition.
“Shifting political winds have blown criticism James Comey's way from different partisan directions,” Sen. John McCain writes. “But his independence has never faltered.” | AP Photo McCain praises FBI director Comey: ‘His integrity has never wavered'
Arizona Sen. John McCain tipped his hat to FBI Director James Comey in a glowing tribute for Time's 100 Most Influential People list, labeling the bureau director as principled, independent and honorable.
“Integrity is a word that doesn't get used a lot in Washington anymore,” McCain wrote for the feature, which was published Thursday. “But that is the quality that has defined James Comey's service to our nation.”
Story Continued Below
Comey, who made the controversial decision to announce that the FBI would continue looking into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server 11 days before the election, and this year made waves with his testimony confirming that the FBI was probing the Trump campaign's ties to Russia, has been sharply criticized by those from both the left and right.
Many on the left have said that Comey's October announcement into the reopening of the Clinton email investigation turned the public against Clinton and gave now-President Donald Trump a last-minute boost to win the White House. But when the FBI director testified about the bureau's investigation into the Trump campaign, he was in turn slammed by Trump supporters for what they said was a politically motivated smear.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
McCain, who has been vocal about his concern over Russia's influence in the election, has been an ardent supporter of Comey's actions, particularly surrounding the Trump-Russia probe. In the Time column, McCain wrote that the FBI director “followed the law, spoke the truth and did what he believed was right” no matter the circumstances.
“Shifting political winds have blown criticism James Comey's way from different partisan directions,” the Republican senator wrote. “But his independence has never faltered. His integrity has never wavered. And I know that in the pursuit of justice, it never will.”
ACLU: David Paul was expressing First Amendment rights with anti-fracking message
Deana Hanold, left, hands out anti-fracking information Tuesday evening in front of the Boulder Theater while an image of a skull and crossbones, along with the words "Ban Fracking!," are projected onto the side of Boulder County Courthouse. Police cited David Paul with trespassing for beaming the images onto the county building. ( Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer )
An activist associated with the group Boulder County Protectors was cited by police Tuesday night for projecting the image of a skull and crossbones along with the words "Ban Fracking!" onto the exterior wall of the old courthouse off the Pearl Street Mall.
Boulder County Attorney Ben Pearlman, who police said directed them to issue the trespassing ticket, said the image and phrase violated the county's building-use policy. But a legal expert with the American Civil Liberties Union said the man was within his constitutional rights.
"I think that it looks like this ticket was issued in retaliation for exercising his First Amendment rights," said Mark Silverstein, ACLU of Colorado's legal director.
Members of Boulder County Protectors, the group that hung an anti-fracking banner on the Flatirons last month, were protesting outside the Boulder Theater, 2032 14th St., during Boulder's celebration of the 50th anniversary of the city's open space program.
The activists, some clad in hazmat suits, handed out information and served a green punch they called "fracking fluid" in an effort to educate the public about what they say is an imminent threat of oil and gas development on publicly owned open space land.
Advertisement
David Paul, 54, said he had set up his light projector in a friend's truck outside the theater. He shone the image of a red skull and crossbones and the phrase "Ban Fracking!" onto the Boulder County Courthouse East Annex, across the street from the theater, at 2045 13th St.
Boulder police issued Paul a citation for trespassing around 8:30 p.m. Tuesday, spokeswoman Laurie Ogden confirmed.
"It was issued at the direction of Mr. Pearlman," Ogden said.
Members of the group Boulder County Protectors serve up "fracking fluid" punch while protesting outside the Boulder Theater on Tuesday night. (Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer)
In addition to the Flatirons display, activists with Boulder County Protectors have been known to project anti-fracking messages on public buildings.
"Occasionally, we will notice that they've shined a light somewhere, but if we're not there to notice it, then it's difficult to enforce it," Pearlman said Wednesday. "The policy is very clear and we would treat any instance, regardless of the group, the same way."
This time, Pearlman happened to be in attendance of the anniversary party, where he witnessed the projection onto the side of the courthouse building.
He said the content of the message projected onto the wall was irrelevant to the decision to seek a police citation.
"This is the county building and the county does not want swastikas or any other messages that they don't want on those walls," Pearlman said.
He said the county does not allow images or phrases — political or otherwise — to be beamed onto the building, and the courthouse's front lawn is the only place people can publicly gather to protest.
Pearlman added that he would only seek a citation if the person using such a light projector refused to turn off the image, as happened Tuesday night.
The county's policy, in part, states that, "Signs, banners, lights or other materials affixed to or projected against the walls or surfaces of county-owned buildings and structures other than those owned approved by the (Board of County Commissioners) or another Elected Official are prohibited."
But the Boulder trespass ordinance that Paul is accused of violating states that no person shall: "Enter or remain upon land or premises other than a dwelling of another in defiance of a legal request or order by the owner or some other authorized person." The ordinance also states that no person shall enter land or a building that is locked, fenced or enclosed by the owner in order to keep people out.
Paul said he was standing on public property the entire time he was there and doesn't believe he broke the law. He has not received citations for other light displays.
Amelia Arvesen: 303-684-5212, arvesena@times-call.com or twitter.com/ameliaarvesen
This video has nothing to do with boycott, divestment or sanctions campaigns against Israel. This afternoon, New Democrats didn't anywhere near touch the CBC's big scoop that claimed the feds were threatening to charge BDS campaigners with hate crimes. The NDP stuck to much safer ground, leading question period with requisite fury about the Prime Minister's Office apparently encouraging changes to a Senate audit of Mike Duffy's expenses. The Liberals stuck to questions about whose tax plan is best for the middle class.
As for that scoop about hate crimes, well, it succumbed to the echo chamber of internet chatter. The Intercept‘s Glenn Greenwald, an occasional CBC contributor and Paul Calandra's favourite alleged porn spy, jumped on the story and claimed that Prime Minister Stephen Harper “is the perfect Poster Boy for how free expression is tribalistically manipulated and exploited in the West.” Fighting words. Greenwald even posted CBC reporter Neil Macdonald's correspondence with a departmental spokesperson to prove the veracity of the story, critics be damned.
But the critics were many. David Frum called bullshit and questioned the existence of a single threat against BDS campaigners. Warren Kinsella used many words, including “recklessly false,” to describe the story. Jean-Christophe de Le Rue, a spokesman for Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney, called Macdonald's story a “bizarre conspiracy theory.” Later in the day, the CBC changed the story's headline.
Back to the email exchange with that departmental official, just for a second. The response, read a certain way, comes off as a total non-sequitur. “As previously mentioned, DFATD will be addressing your questions regarding the work being done with Israel regarding BDS,” wrote Josée Sirois. That's where the correspondence could have ended, and often does when departments refer reporters to other departments.
But Sirois went on: “With regards to Canadian criminal law,” she wrote, before citing the Criminal Code provisions barring hate speech. Which question was she answering as she elaborated? If Macdonald inferred something improperly from that response, the government ought to explain itself: either the spokesperson misspoke, or someone approved that correspondence deliberately.
We know that Blaney's office has vowed never to speak of this again, and that the opposition is taking a pass on the whole kerfuffle. But questions about that odd electronic exchange, which briefly whipped the internet into one of its regular tizzies, will just hang there, forever, unanswered.
The context
When a political leader humiliates herself, utterly and completely, after a string of bad jokes and the odd expletive, and she does this in front of fellow politicians, and the stage is, disastrously, a press gallery dinner, people are going to talk. And talk. And talk. This is today's hell for Elizabeth May, the Green Party leader who hopes to bolster her caucus's ranks in the House of Commons after the next federal vote.
May apologized profusely for her onstage romp at the Canadian Museum of History over the weekend, the sort of speech that would probably kill the careers of any of her fellow party leaders. Imagine the scene if Justin Trudeau or Thomas Mulcair had told the world that Omar Khadr “had more class than the whole f–king cabinet.” That scene is science fiction, because the people around those leaders would never let it happen.
So, yes, May might take a few days to get her groove back, and she probably won't find much public sympathy in the process.
Question period, however, will go on, and it will remain totally unconcerned with the events of a fancy gala across the river from Parliament Hill. More likely, May's colleagues in opposition will raise a fuss about the government's possible plans for anyone in Canada who boycotts Israeli products.
The CBC's Neil Macdonald quoted a spokesperson for Public Safety Canada making some noise about connecting boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) campaigns against Israel to hate speech.
“In response to specific questions about what ‘zero tolerance' of BDS means, and how it will be enforced, Public Safety Canada spokesperson Josee Sirois gave CBC News a much clearer picture of the government's intent,” wrote Macdonald, who quoted Sirois saying the following: “I can tell you that Canada has one of the most comprehensive sets of laws against hate crime anywhere in the world.” She went on: “We will not allow hate crimes to undermine our way of life, which is based on diversity and inclusion.”
The story prompted the kind of criticism you'd expect from organizations that engage in such boycotts. They deny to high heaven that they're part of a campaign of hate. Predictably, Blaney's office has distanced itself from the CBC report, dismissing it as “inaccurate and ridiculous.” But the staffer's quotes remain online, as does the story. Blaney's task is to give the evening news a quote that'll have viewers changing the channel. Of course, if news networks wants to keep people interested, they could just keep playing clips of May's attempt at humour. From that kind of disaster, no one can look away.
UPDATE, 3:08 p.m.: As it happened, the opposition was also mostly unconcerned with the CBC report mentioned above. Not surprisingly, the NDP led with questions about suspended senator Mike Duffy, and the apparent influence of the Prime Minister's Office in changes made to a Senate audit of Duffy's expenses. The Liberals stuck to their script of late: stumping for middle-class tax cuts and blaming the Tories for tax changes that favour the wealthy. Among all the heckles and shame, Elizabeth May's antics were all but forgotten.
A Tokyo photographer offers tips on taking pro shots with an iPhone 3GS
All images by Koichi Mitsui
Koichi Mitsui is a professional photographer in Japan. When he's not on the job shooting for magazines and ads, he wanders around Tokyo taking pictures with his iPhone 3GS. "The iPhone has a single-focus lens with no zoom, and this simplicity keeps me devoted to only composition and the perfect photo opp," Mitsui says. Keep reading for a selection of his work with tips on how you can take amazing photos with your iPhone, too.
I like to take photos of casual, unintentional scenes. That, or snapshots with an element of surprise. Always be on the lookout for change, whether that's lighting, or the movement of people, or just a slight difference in something ordinary.
Walk a lot. The iPhone camera has a fixed focal length. Whether you enliven or kill this feature is up to your footwork. If you need a close up, get real close. If you need distance, you exaggerate that distance. You use your feet to find angles. It's also important to venture far away from your comfort zone to find good subjects to shoot.
Don't just default to vertical shots; take some horizontal ones too. Change the composition little by finger-tapping to change the focal point.
Take advantage of your favorite apps. New iPhone apps are being released all the time, but find the ones that fit your taste and learn to create pictures that look just the way you imagine. I snapped this photo of my friends picnicking at the Tama River right when the setting sun and the light from their lantern were in perfect balance, also using Photo fx and CameraKit.
You can see more of his work on his web site, Sasurau.
Scribble. The Scribble pen claims to be able to draw any color you can scan
A pen that combines an RGB sensor and a five-color ink cartridge allows artists to match any pigment they can see.
The pen is known as Scribble, and it's not yet available for sale. However, if you can't wait to get your hands on it, and the $150 pricetag does not deter you, you can sign up to an alert (and be encouraged to contribute to their Kickstarter campaign).
“For the color blind, kids, interior decorators, homeowners, teachers, artists, photographers, designers and students the Scribble color picker pen will make copying an exact color, any color from any object and absolute breeze,” an anonymous company spokesperson said in a media release.
The scanner is located at the top of the pen, and when pointed at any consistent color will allow the pen to save the shade and match it with an appropriate combination of inks.
Scribble's manufacturers claim it is capable of storing 100,000 colors in its internal memory, and runs on a lithium-ion (and therefore rechargeable) battery. The weight is just 39grams, making it easy to operate.
For those who consider paper passe, there is a stylus with the same capacities that can be used on digital devices at little more than half the cost.
FILE - In this Aug. 15, 2017, file photo, San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee listens to questions during a news conference at City Hall in San Francisco. The San Francisco Chronicle reported that Lee died early Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017. He was 65. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File)
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Under Mayor Ed Lee's seven-year watch, San Francisco went from a city mired in recession to a technology-fueled economic powerhouse where housing costs skyrocketed and the chasm between the wealthy and everyone else grew. Lee died Tuesday at 65 after collapsing while grocery shopping.
He leaves behind a rapidly transforming city where the median home value is more than $1.2 million and grumpy residents are unhappy with homelessness, clogged traffic and frequent auto break-ins.
Supporters touted his dedication to building new housing and sending out workers to clean up dirty streets in a city known for its entrenched homelessness. Critics said Lee, a Democrat, catered too much to tech companies, citing a 2011 tax break he brokered for Twitter as part of a remake of the city's dilapidated downtown.
Still, many on Tuesday mourned the city's first Asian-American mayor as a reluctant politician dedicated to civil service who was more comfortable working on details than on delivering the perfect political sound bite. No cause was given for his death but an autopsy was planned.
“He believed in a city where a poor kid from public housing could become mayor,” acting San Francisco Mayor London Breed told reporters at a briefing attended by hundreds of city workers and civic leaders.
“What mattered most to him always was helping his fellow San Franciscans, and occasionally delivering the almost perfectly timed corny joke.”
Local celebrities, sports figures, and national politicians sent condolences. California Gov. Jerry Brown, attending a climate change conference in Paris, called Lee a gentleman.
“Very honest, very human, he was well liked by people who knew him,” Brown said. “People are shocked and surprised. My sympathies go out to his family and all the people of San Francisco.”
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown and the late Chinatown political power broker Rose Pak talked Lee into filling out the rest of former Mayor Gavin Newsom's term when he was elected California's lieutenant governor in 2010.
Lee, city administrator at the time, said he had no interest in taking on the role permanently. But he changed his mind and won a four-year term in 2011, beating 15 other contenders. He was re-elected in 2015, beating out five others.
Willie Brown said Lee showed that non-typical politicians could win elective office.
“At all times it was for the love of the city,” he said, “it was not self.”
The former mayor also praised Lee as the man who “stepped up and made it possible for Silicon Valley to almost relocate to our city,” a change not cheered by San Francisco's more politically progressive faction.
Members of that faction railed against his perceived lenience with vacation-stay rental platform Airbnb, which they say has exacerbated San Francisco's already tight housing market. Lee vetoed a measure approved by city officials to crack down on short-term rental stays.
When Lee took office in January 2011, Zillow reported the median home value in San Francisco was just over $656,000. The figure has nearly doubled since then. The percentage of households earning at least $100,000 increased from 38 percent in 2011 to 45 percent in 2016, according to the American Community Survey of the U.S. Census Bureau.
San Francisco Supervisor Hillary Ronen said she did not agree with Lee on corporate issues but was surprised to develop a great working relationship with him. They worked to open a new homeless center in her district last summer.
“He got the urgency of the issue and was tough in making solutions happen quickly,” she said.
Lee battled with fellow Democrats on development issues, but was a staunch supporter of many of the liberal policies most associated with San Francisco — including higher minimum wages, marriage equality and sanctuary status for those living in the country illegally.
He reiterated his support for sanctuary policies last month after a Mexican man who had been repeatedly deported was acquitted of murder in the 2015 killing of Kate Steinle in a case that sparked a national debate over illegal immigration. President Donald Trump repeatedly cited the case during his presidential campaign.
Edwin Mah Lee was born May 5, 1952, in Seattle to Chinese immigrants who from Toisan, a rural village in China's southern province of Guangdong. His father was a cook and his mother a seamstress. They raised Lee and his five siblings in public housing.
“We learn modesty. We learn sacrifice. We learn to be humble from people who may have even less. But we learn how to fight and survive at the same time,” Lee said in an interview with KTVU-TV in February.
Lee graduated from Bowdoin College in 1974 and from the University of California, Berkeley law school in 1978. He worked as a housing activist and civil rights attorney before joining city government in 1989 as a whistleblower investigator.
Dr. Susan Ehrlich of Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital said Lee arrived at the hospital in critical condition shortly after 10 p.m. Monday and died at 1:11 a.m. Tuesday after several hours of live-saving measures were tried.
Lee Houskeeper, a publicist and friend of the mayor, said Lee collapsed at a Safeway store while grocery shopping Monday night.
A spokeswoman for Safeway stores, Wendy Gutshall, declined to confirm the report but said the store's employees “will miss seeing him in the neighborhood.”
The last San Francisco mayor to die in office was George Moscone, who was fatally shot by a disgruntled former Board of Supervisors member in 1978, leading to the ascension of then-Board of Supervisors President Dianne Feinstein to mayor. Feinstein, a Democrat, is now California's senior U.S. senator.
Lee's death now will likely upend the race to replace him, which had been scheduled for 2019. Former state Sen. Mark Leno, a onetime member of the Board of Supervisors and longtime political figure and Democrat, has already announced his candidacy.
Breed, also a Democrat, was also expected to seek the office.
___
Associated Press writers Angela Charlton in Paris and Juliet Williams in San Francisco also contributed to this report.
___
This version corrects that Lee did not serve on San Francisco's Board of Supervisors.
Though the 2014-15 Detroit Red Wings roster is the youngest on average in some time, it is a team that has received little contribution from first-year players. Instead, increased roles have been given to players like Gustav Nyquist, Tomas Tatar and Riley Sheahan. Relative health has also limited the amount of games available for young prospects in Grand Rapids, but a few have made notable contributions.
Petr Mrazek, G, 22
After appearing in a total of 11 NHL games over the past two seasons, 2010 fifth-round pick Petr Mrazek has been given an extended look in Detroit this season. Because of an injury to backup Jonas Gustavsson, Mrazek has been Jimmy Howard's goaltending partner for much of the season. Appearing in 19 games, Mrazek owns a record of 13-4-1-1 as well as a goal against average of 2.42 and a save percentage of .914. His numbers are not as strong as Howard's, but he has put in some fine performances for the Red Wings, and has been fortunate enough to receive strong offensive support during his starts. He has given up 11 goals in his last five starts.
Teemu Pulkkinen, RW, 23
As evidenced by his work in Grand Rapids this season and last, Teemu Pulkkinen is an NHL talent, and should be playing at that level right now; the problem is there is no real space in Detroit for him right now. Teemu Pulkkinen clearly has the AHL figured out. The 22-year-old is in just his second full season in the NHL's top developmental league. Last year, with 31 goals, he proved he was amongst the league's best offensive prospects. This year, he has been arguably the best player in the entire league.
Now leading the AHL in scoring, Pulkkinen has 48 points in 38 games for Grand Rapids, highlighted by a strong January in which he recorded 11 points in just seven games. He also took part in the AHL All-Star Game, scoring a goal and adding an assist. Pulkkinen has been playing alongside Andy Miele and Mitch Callahan for most of the season, so it's no surprise those three are the team's top three scorers.
Pulkkinen has, however, played in six games with the Red Wings this season, during which he scored his first career NHL goal. There is a strong chance he pushes somebody in Detroit out of a job sooner than later.
Xavier Ouellet, D, 21
Since his recall in November, Xavier Ouellet has played in 21 games for the Red Wings, his latest coming on January 29th, a game in which Ouellet was a -3 in 19:20 of ice time. He was, somewhat surprisingly, sent back to Grand Rapids following that game, but showed enough poise and confidence with the puck during his two-month stint to suggest he might become a solid top-four blueliner. He scored twice and added one assist this season.
Alexey Marchenko, D, 22
Marchenko was recalled to replace Ouellet in the lineup on January 31st, playing his second career NHL game. Regarded as more defensively-sound and polished than Ouellet, Marchenko was a +1 in 15:26 of ice time in his first NHL game, but will likely get an extended look in February that involves a highly-sheltered role.
2015 World Junior Tournament Update
The Detroit Red Wings scouts had to be amongst the happiest in the league during the World Junior Championships. The team had five prospects participating with four different countries, including American Dylan Larkin, who received a lot of attention for his offensive prowess, despite his team's quarter-final finish.
Larkin finished 12th in tournament scoring, despite playing two fewer games than those ahead of him. He scored five goals in five games, while adding a pair of assists. He was the United States' most productive forward by far, snatching away some of the praise that was expected to be reserved for Jack Eichel (2015).
On the Canadian gold-medal-winning squad, Red Wings undrafted free-agent signing Joe Hicketts played top-six minutes for most of the tournament, taking away minutes from first-round pick Samuel Morin (PHI). Despite his small stature, he played steady defensive hockey, and picked up three assists along the way – two in an 8-0 win over Denmark.
As seemingly always is the case, the Red Wings had a pair of prospects playing for Sweden: Axel Holmstrom and Christoffer Ehn. Holmstrom, a seventh-round pick in the 2014 NHL Draft, scored seven points for Sweden throughout the tournament. His lone goal came during a 3-2 win over Russia and he recorded an assist in the Swedes' bronze medal loss to Slovakia. Ehn, meanwhile, collected just two assists in the tournament.
The Red Wings' 2014 sixth-round selection, Julius Vahatalo, played five games for the offensively-challenged Finns, going pointless. His best and most involved game came in a 2-0 win over Germany, where he registered five shots and was +1.
Detroit Red Wings Prospect of the Month
Since not scoring a goal in his first three games of the season, University of Michigan forward Dylan Larkin has been one of the NCAA ‘s the best players this season and January was no different. In fact, since returning from the World Junior Championships, where he scored seven points in five games, Larkin hasn't gone a game without finding the scoresheet. In six January contests Larkin recorded 14 points, and he now sits at 30 points through 22 games this season, which puts him behind only Zach Hyman (FLA) for the team lead.
Larkin's top performance of the month came on January 16th against Ohio State, when he scored twice and added three assists against a surprisingly weak Ohio State team.
Follow Chris Roberts on Twitter via @ChrisRoberts_7
Vue.js is a close partner of Angular and React in more and more article titles, taking the world by a storm. Over the last three months, Vue.js core repo GitHub stars have grown by more than 20 percent, while Angular and React had to settle for 14 percent and 10 percent respectively. What's the magic behind Vue.js that makes it win developers' hearts? Let's find out!
As Vue.js was the first front-end framework I learned and fell in love with it, I kept asking myself the question whether or not it will be used as broadly as the previously mentioned giants: Angular and React. My small research in statistics showed quite interesting results:
Download statistics for vue-cli
Download statistics for package vuex
Download statistics for vue-router package
Download statistics for create-react-app package
Vue.js is not just another front-end framework. It is a very mature and well-thought-of component-based progressive framework for building user interfaces. Additionally, it is so simple and easy to understand, which gives it a massive advantage over the ‘rivals'. However, I've read many comments written by biased (what they say: developer 1, developer 2), users (yes, they mostly admitted it) that if it's so simple, it's probably unsuitable for bigger projects. But is any of that true? Let's break down some key concepts and try to predict the future.
Why Is Vue.js So Popular?
Vue offers a number of features that attract developers:
It's quick. Vue.js core team built a sample project that renders 10 000 list items 100 times. On average, Vue.js was almost 2 times faster than React (51ms vs. 94ms).
Vue.js core team built a sample project that renders 10 000 list items 100 times. On average, Vue.js was almost 2 times faster than React (51ms vs. 94ms). It's reactive. Taking best features from React, Vue.js offers a VirtualDOM that watches for changes and re-renders only the parts that need to be re-rendered.
Taking best features from React, Vue.js offers a VirtualDOM that watches for changes and re-renders only the parts that need to be re-rendered. It's well-documented. If you're looking for a very detailed guide that should satisfy both beginners and experienced developers, this is your go-to framework.
If you're looking for a very detailed guide that should satisfy both beginners and experienced developers, this is your go-to framework. It's flexible and offers libraries. There are so many libraries for Vue, and the number is constantly growing. The most important of them are definitely Vuex for state management and vue-router for routing your app, both with very detailed documentation. As you can probably see, it's another similarity that Vue shares with React. Bootstrap 4 has its own Vue library, there are a few libraries for Material Design components and hundreds of other interesting ones.
There are so many libraries for Vue, and the number is constantly growing. The most important of them are definitely Vuex for state management and vue-router for routing your app, both with very detailed documentation. As you can probably see, it's another similarity that Vue shares with React. Bootstrap 4 has its own Vue library, there are a few libraries for Material Design components and hundreds of other interesting ones. It uses DevTools. They are essential for debugging your application and seeing exactly what's going on inside of it. Vue.js devtools for Chrome is a tribute to those who would like their debugging process to be excellent as far as UI and UX are concerned.
It utilises ES6 features, Webpack, and a reliable CLI project generator. Thanks to a good CLI (vue-cli), you can generate a project with a few keystrokes and use Webpack as your bundling tool.
Thanks to a good CLI (vue-cli), you can generate a project with a few keystrokes and use Webpack as your bundling tool. It relies on a component-based approach. Vue allows for defining components in many ways. The most interesting one and the one that I consider to be the best for bigger projects is the single file component approach. You define HTML-like template, a script for logic, and style in a single file (allowing for simple style encapsulation and use of Sass). For those who have experience with Angular or React, it's worth mentioning that Vue is also compatible with TypeScript and JSX after some adjustments.
Vue allows for defining components in many ways. The most interesting one and the one that I consider to be the best for bigger projects is the single file component approach. You define HTML-like template, a script for logic, and style in a single file (allowing for simple style encapsulation and use of Sass). For those who have experience with Angular or React, it's worth mentioning that Vue is also compatible with TypeScript and JSX after some adjustments. It supports hot reloading. Plain and simple, makes the programming quick and enjoyable. I consider it a must nowadays. Hitting CMD + R or whatever else stopped being cool a long time ago.
Plain and simple, makes the programming quick and enjoyable. I consider it a must nowadays. Hitting CMD + R or whatever else stopped being cool a long time ago. Courses and tutorials. You can find a few good Vue.js courses on Udemy, which will guide you through almost every aspect of the framework, including the key libraries such as vuex and vue-router. Articles on Medium, for instance, also provide great examples of how to build web apps step by step.
There are also more complicated features such as Dependency Injection, Server Side Rendering or Unit Testing, but the ones mentioned above should give you some insight into the reasons for Vue.js' popularity.
Who Uses Vue.js?
So you might ask a question whether there are companies that use Vue.js for real. To name a few: Facebook, Xiaomi, Alibaba (on some of its landing pages), WizzAir, EuroNews, Grammarly, Gitlab and Laracasts. It may not be astounding, but I'd bet that you know these brands.
Wait, did I just write Facebook? Check Facebook's newsfeed. Built entirely using Vue. Yeah, I was surprised too!
Can Vue.js Hold Big Projects?
As I mentioned, some people don't believe in Vue because they saw that it was simple and didn't even try. The funny part is that they admit it, which makes my argument easier to prove. So far in my career, I have only done small and medium projects with Vue, but there are plenty of big projects out there apart from the ones mentioned above.
One user describes a project that used over 200 components, 50 mixins and 40 vuex store modules. He had no problems with adding new features, no structural or organizational issues.
The fact that the framework is big doesn't automatically mean it works better for big projects. Vue.js scores a lot of points for its scaling ability.
Is Vue.js Really All Unicorns and Rainbows?
So far this article may seem to be written by a totally buoyant author with nothing but a ‘YES' for Vue.js. Actually, there are a couple of things in which Vue is not a killer, and developers should be aware of them before choosing it for their projects:
Community size. So far there are still fewer resources and libraries for Vue than for Angular or React. All of them are constantly growing, but your questions on stack overflow or anywhere else will probably be answered more slowly than ones about the bigger frameworks.
So far there are still fewer resources and libraries for Vue than for Angular or React. All of them are constantly growing, but your questions on stack overflow or anywhere else will probably be answered more slowly than ones about the bigger frameworks. It is less opinionated than Angular. There is a lot of place for freedom in coding with Vue, just like in React. Vue lets you choose the right way to do things, which sometimes may result in confusion or decision fatigue, which can lead to worse performance. You'd have to decide which approach you like more.
There is a lot of place for freedom in coding with Vue, just like in React. Vue lets you choose the right way to do things, which sometimes may result in confusion or decision fatigue, which can lead to worse performance. You'd have to decide which approach you like more. Switching to a new framework. There are fewer experts in this field and injecting Vue into new projects may be both money- and time-inefficient at first. Every groundbreaking decision has consequences like these. Keep in mind that one of the key assumptions of Vue are its simplicity and approachability while making the most of the features from Angular, React, and some other frameworks. This can make the switch a lot easier.
Jobs with Vue.js
Here comes the really difficult part where Vue doesn't even see how far its competitors are. While researching jobs on LinkedIn and Indeed, I noticed that Angular and React are still total dominators, covering more than 80 percent of front-end job markets in many countries.
When you compare only Vue, Angular and React, the two latter cover more than 97 percent of the job market in most cases. That said, it is difficult to be absolutely certain about the outcome because looking only for ‘vue.js' jobs has probably understated the results. Unfortunately ‘vue' is an actual word used in some job offers in particular countries, which makes searching more difficult.
» Do you want to join 10Clouds as a developer? Check out our careers page and see what our recruitment process looks like
Most developers out there recommend a React- or Angular-first approach and then encourage to learn Vue.js as a side skill. The main reason for that is, of course, the low demand for it on the job market caused by the perception of difficulties and lack of purpose of switching to Vue in many companies. On the other hand, it's possible that the market hasn't yet discovered the potential of Vue.js, but there's no such thing as a too broad skill set, right?
Wrapping Up
Okay, let's get back to those Github stars. There should be a reason for it, right? My own opinion is that Vue.js is so enjoyable and easy to use that people click the star to show their support for the project. There are so many developers out there using Angular or React, but relatively few of them starred it on GitHub. Do they feel that they just must use it and don't feel as comfortable as Vue.js developers? You'd have to ask them, I guess.
There is a duopoly on the market, and nobody can argue that. I argue, however, that Vue will eventually become Angular and React's next big partner and therefore encourage you to try it yourself to get to know its features and potential problems it may cause. Bear in mind, though, that in the end, you should always use the right tool for the project.
As they say in the gym: ‘Life's too short to be small'. You gotta work your way up' or whatever. This should be the mantra of Vue.js core team and contributors.
Useful Links
3/4/16 (Photo: Syrian Civil War) Ceasefire Update: Turkey & US Resupplying the Jihadists; Russia & Syria Attacking the Jihadists. Gregory Copley, Defense & Foreign Affairs. "...Columns of trucks carrying cargo and weapons for militants in Syria cross into the war-wracked country from Turkey on a daily basis, Russian Defense Ministry says. "Practically round-the-clock from the territory of the Republic of Turkey the convoys of large trucks are going across the border with supplies and weapons, which are moving exclusively to the areas, which are controlled by the terrorist groups Jabhat al-Nusra and Ahrar Ash-Sham," chief of the Russian Center for reconciliation between the warring parties in Syria Lt. Gen. Sergei Kuralenko told reporters on Friday. Turkey has been among the main supporters of the militant groups operating in Syria, with reports saying that Ankara actively trains and arms the Takfiri terrorists there and facilitates their safe passage into the crisis-hit Arab state...." http://www.presstv.ir/Detail/2016/03/04/453794/Syria-Turkey-Russia-Kuralenko
A placard featuring children victims of gun violence is displayed during a demonstration in front of the White House, calling for stricter gun laws.
Photo by Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images
Crime is Slate's crime blog. Like us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter @slatecrime.
On Wednesday, a two-year-old Texas boy named Trenton Mathis accidentally shot and killed himself with a handgun he found sitting on his great-grandfather's nightstand. According to the website of KLTV, Mathis had gone into his great-grandparents' bedroom in search of chewing gum. Instead, he found a loaded 9 mm handgun, which he used to shoot himself in the face. Mathis was pronounced dead at a Tyler, Texas hospital. He would have turned three years old in July.
Trenton Mathis didn't have to die. His senseless death is a direct result of this country's baffling indifference toward the basic principles of gun safety. As I've written before, “accidental” child shooting deaths are almost never truly accidental. They happen because parents and guardians keep their guns loaded and unattended in unsecured locations where children can easily get to them. Mathis' great-grandmother told KLTV that her husband thought he had locked and closed the door to the room where he kept his handgun. He was wrong.
I understand—to a point—why you might want to store your gun on your nightstand while you're sleeping. If a robber breaks into your house, you can't defend yourself if your gun is locked up in a safe. But, come daylight, there is absolutely no reason to leave that gun on the nightstand as you putter around the house, especially if that house is full of children. If you can't be bothered to take two minutes to unload your handgun and put it in a gun safe, then you shouldn't own a gun.
These incidents happen with alarming frequency, and the frustrating thing is that they're preventable. They can be reduced by stronger, more consistent child access prevention laws; by gun-safety education campaigns; by incentivizing gun owners to purchase gun safes and install trigger locks. It's a point I've made before, and it's one that I'll continue to make as long as children continue to die.
Yesterday, I wrote about Saylor Slone Martine, a 15-year-old Oklahoma girl who, last weekend, was shot and killed when a semi-automatic handgun owned by her parents accidentally discharged, hitting her in the head. Today, I'm writing about Trenton Mathis. By the time Monday rolls around, I'm sure there'll be another name to add to the list of kids who might still be alive today if the adults in their lives had simply been paying attention. Kids like these:
Neengnco Chong, a two-year-old Minnesota boy who was accidentally shot and killed in December by his four-year-old brother, with a handgun his father stored next to a mattress;
Travin Varese, a two-year-old Louisiana boy who was accidentally shot and killed by his older brother in January;
Skyler Daniel Boring, a 17-year-old Tennessee boy who was accidentally shot and killed earlier this week in what was apparently a “war game” gone wrong;
Margaret “Maggie” Hollifield, a 10-year-old Virginia girl who was accidentally shot and killed at her home this month by an unnamed boy;
Kinsler Davis, a two-year-old Texas boy who accidentally shot and killed himself earlier this month with a handgun he found hidden in his father's bedroom. “All the information indicates this was a tragic accident,” the local police chief told the press.
Tragic? Absolutely. But none of these shootings are accidents. Please keep emailing me, via the “Tips? Contact Us” button on the right-hand side of this page, whenever you see stories about “accidental” child shooting deaths. Attention must be paid.
Getty Images
The Jets turned back to Geno Smith at quarterback against the Dolphins on Monday night, a decision that seems to have been based on their feeling that Smith was better at handing the ball off than Michael Vick.
Smith was called on to throw just 13 passes in the game, five of which came after the Dolphins took a 16-13 lead late in the fourth quarter and the Jets were forced to pass if they wanted to tie or win the game. Until that point, though, the Jets were 49-8 in favor of running the ball even though the Dolphins were playing the inexperienced R.J. Stanford at corner and flooding the box with players to stop the run.
For much of the game, it was successful enough that you wondered where this game plan was when Tim Tebow was on the team. The Jets ran for 210 yards in the first half and led most of the way, but the inability and unwillingness to throw the ball caught up with them as the game wore on and the Dolphins defense adjusted. When it was over, Jets coach Rex Ryan said the plan wasn't about Smith.
“It had zero to do with us not having faith in our quarterback. It had everything to do with us trying to win the game,” Ryan said, via the New York Times.
When you decide that not letting your quarterback throw gives you the best chance to win, it's pretty hard to argue that you have much faith in him or his ability but it probably won't be Ryan's job to make statements about Jets quarterbacks that strain credulity too much longer.
RABAT (Reuters) - A leading Moroccan activist was arrested on Monday alongside other protesters caught up in a wave of rallies against official abuses and corruption in the north, state media said.
FILE PHOTO: Moroccan activist and the leader of "Hirak" Nasser Zefzafi gives a speech during a demonstration against injustice and corruption in the northern town of Al-Hoceima, Morocco, May 18, 2017. REUTERS/Youssef Boudlal
Nasser Zefzafi, who has helped organize months of protests, would be investigated on charges of “threatening national security” and other crimes, state news agency MAP said, citing the general prosecutor.
Protests are rare in the North African kingdom. But tensions have been simmering in Zefzafi's home city of Al-Hoceima since October when a fishmonger died after being crushed inside a garbage truck while trying to save his fish confiscated by police.
The Al-Hoceima protests have been some of the most intense since the 2011 “Arab Spring”-style unrest that prompted the King to devolve some of his powers to an elected parliament, though the palace still holds ultimate authority.
Authorities first tried to arrest Zefzafi after he interrupted a sermon during Friday prayers in Al-Hoceima, a government official said. But supporters poured onto the streets and clashed with police as he left the city.
He was detained on Monday and transferred with other arrested protesters to the judicial police bureau in Casablanca, MAP said.
Authorities say they have arrested 20 people since Friday. Activists say 28 have been detained. Charges against them include receiving “foreign funding and logistical support to undermine the Kingdom's integrity”.
Protests in solidarity with Zefzafi's “Hirak” movement were held across the country on Sunday night, including in Rabat and Casablanca, and other urban areas.
On Saturday, health officials said three policemen were critically injured following the clashes on Friday. Activists say several protesters have also been hospitalized.
The public anger over the fishmonger's death echoes Tunisia's 2011 uprising when a young street vendor set himself on fire after police confiscated his fruit and vegetables. That uprising swept Tunisian President Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali from power and triggered “Arab Spring” revolts across the region.
But protests in Morocco are calling for greater freedoms and reform of the system and not directly against the king. Morocco has a deeply rooted monarchy - the Muslim world's longest-serving dynasty.
The unrest comes at a sensitive time, nevertheless, as the kingdom presents itself as a model of economic stability and gradual change and a safe haven for investment in a region torn by violence, Islamist militancy and upheaval.
by BRIAN NADIG Concerns about junk collectors driving down alleys, illegal fireworks displays and a scam targeting senior citizens were expressed at a safety workshop held by the 16th (Jefferson Park) Police District and Alderman Mary O'Connor (41st). “These guys are casing and looking for open garages,” a resident said of the scrap metal collectors who drive the alleys near his home. About 25 people attended the workshop, which was held July 2 at the Roden Library, 6083 N. Northwest Hwy. 16th District tactical sergeant Patrick Haran said that junk dealers are not supposed to be collecting between 9 p.m. and 7 a.m. and that the trucks of unlicensed collectors can have be impounded. “It costs $2,000 to get it out,” Haran said. The district issued 123 citations for unlicensed dealers during the first six months of 2013. O'Connor said that she would look into the possibility of the city requiring dealers to display a copy of a business license or permit on their vehicle. Also at the meeting, several residents expressed concern about the use of illegal fireworks each Fourth of July. One man said that he made 27 calls to the 911emergency center last year about an illegal fireworks show at a condominium complex in the 6500 block of West Higgins Avenue but that police did not stop it, in part he said because a police officer was among the people running the show. Haran said that the complex is on a list of locations which he planned to visit to warn property owners about fireworks. The list is based on complaints that the police or the alderman's office have received in the past. Haran said that police are busy on the Fourth of July and that officers often must respond first to other problems. No fireworks-related citations were issued in the district on July 4 this year, according to police. Concerns also were expressed about teenagers congregating at parks. Haran said that officers occasionally will disperse an outdoor basketball game before the park's closing if noise from the game is creating a disturbance. O'Connor aide Jason Hernandez reported at the meeting that the alderman's office has received complaints about a scam in which seniors are solicited over the phone about a medical alert device. Hernandez said that residents should be cautious about giving personal information over the phone. The alderman's office will sponsor several bicycle safety workshops later this year. Information will be posted later this month at www.ward41.com.
The Americas Cup Trading period has begun. Brett Gibson
Reading between the lines of interviews with Russell Coutts, James Spithill, Tom Slingsby and Ben Ainslie the Defender for America's Cup 35 is open to negotiation on cost reduction and Nationality rules. The Challenger of Record, Hamilton Island Yacht club owners Bob and Sandy Oatley have spoken about evolution, not revolution of the format so expect to see a lot of similar faces steering boats in AC-35.
While the majority of the movers and shakers between teams will be from the shore crews, the big names are where everyone will focus. The design and engineering of the AC 72 was a very specialised niche market. The brains trust from ETNZ and OTUSA will be in high demand and the New Zealand Govt did a good thing by ensuring the short term wages of their team. They have secured their services for the coming cycle. So who will challenge and who will go where…..
Peter Burling possibly to Team New Zealand – RNYS : They will be there in some form or another but who will steer. I think Emirates will probably back them along with Nespresso. Dalton will be in charge again. Dean Barker may survive but with a record of 2 Americas Cup match losses under his belt he will be under pressure. While technically superior in the early stages of the cycle, Emirates Team Zealand suffered from the lack of a financially viable 2-boat campaign. They didn't have the luxury of a B-Team like OTUSA. I can't see someone like, Olympic Silver medalist, Pete Burling sitting on the sidelines like Ben Ainslie did. It's a contentious one but Pete Burling will get the nod over Barker and Barker will move on. The New Zealanders need an apparent wind sailor at the helm along with a change. They need to do something different to avoid the problems of the last two campaigns.
Dean Barker an option for Team Korea They nearly entered an AC-72 in the 34th Edition but pulled the pin on the campaign. I suspect they may enter again. They had a strong ACWS when Nathan Outteridge was steering. This may be a place for Dean Barker. He will be out of the limelight and able to provide leadership to a new team. This is pure speculation – he could end up anywhere.
Nathan Outteridge to stick with Artemis – Royal Swedish Yacht Club Iain Percy and Outteridge seemed to have a good working relationship. Percy will take the reigns of the Artemis Campaign from Paul Cayard. It will be interesting to see what boat Outteridge is sailing at the Moth Worlds if it is his Artemis branded one – I think that will speak volumes. He's almost too likeable off the water and was a revelation in the commentary box. His interviews during the Artemis campaign were excellent.
Ben Ainsley to skipper the British Challenger I'm not sure what Yacht club the Ben AisleieRacing Team will sail for but it will be formidable. He will step out from Spithill's shadow and lead well. I see this as being in a similar mold to Team SKY in cycling. The British sporting fraternity has learnt a lot about winning since being named as host of the London Games. Their Cricket, sailing, cycling and Rugby Teams have improved vastly. I expect this to be a team as clinical as Team SKY. He has the evil eye both on the course and in front of the press.
Jimmy Spithill to stay with OTUSA – GGYC He has spent the past few weeks on the talk show circuit spruiking their win. He is a major part of the Oracle Team USA brand. If you believe the English press/blogs it was Ainslie that guided the American boat to victory. In fact it was Spithill who was steering and was the one seen talking with Coutts after the infamous Foiling tack decision. Coutts and he obviously work well together. he has won the passed 2 Americas Cup Matches and has a killer instinct in the start box. He has never been beaten by his closest rival, ETNZ, when they have lined up in Match racing (dicounting the ACWS events they DSQ'd themselves in)
Tom Slingsby to skipper the Australian Entrant – HIYC Challenger of Record He was given the reigns to the Oracle AC-45 and won an ACWS event and steered the AC-72 through the turns for Spithill. Only Ainsley could match him for his course management. If anything it was a waste of talent to have him focussed on steering. If he is steering look for a dark horse such as Matt Belcher to form part of the after guard. When a coach like Victor Kovalenko OAM offers assistance to your campaign you don't say no. He's been an ISAF sailor of the Year winner, Gold Medalist and Tactician on the successful defence of the AC. He has had some time in front of the press with James Spithill and will continue to mature. Whether he can come up with the bravado and belligerence of Spithill remains to be seen.
Chris Draper to stay at Luna Rossa This is a pretty boring sort of a team that looks good but won't really do to much. The Italians may or may not enter and Chris Draper is a good skipper but his pre-starts in the LV Cup left a lot to be desired, even when racing against the under-done Artemis.
Franck Cammas to go somewhere – Hopefully a French Challenger he ‘owned' the Little America's Cup in the C-Class worlds on his foiling, wing masted boat. Hopefully he can get the funding together to mount a viable challenge. Scale that up 50+ feet and you will have a competitive sailor with amazing knowledge of how to build a Foiling cat.
Some other challengers that may emerge, Oman – they have been strong in the Extreme Sailing Series. South Africa, their entry at AC-32 had a strong home following. Alighi – the last team to win before OTUSA have been growing their profile over the past 12 months in Match and Ocean racing events like Hamilton Island Race week.
By evolving the model to a more cost effective, it will bring more designers and engineers into the game, to share knowledge and iterate foil and wing designs within the whatever box rule is created. It was great to hear the line from Bob Oatley “Common sense should prevail”. This from a guy who has brokered merger's of Australia's biggest family owned Winery with Fosters but lets not kid ourselves the rules of AC-35 are being written by Russell Coutts and Larry Ellison. The Oatleys might be allowed to look over their shoulder to see what is about to be published, but that's about it. All we know is until the rules are published and a schedule of lead up events etc is in place the trading season is open. If the challengers want to put the money forward there are 4 or 5 skippers with the skills to win the 35th America's Cup.
Uniqlo is having a tough time attracting customers in the U.S., where it has opened more than 40 stores from coast to coast.
"We're struggling now, but we're going to rebuild," Tadashi Yanai, the founder and head of Uniqlo owner Fast Retailing Co., told Reuters at an event in Tokyo on Wednesday. "People know us in places like New York. But we're not known in other areas. We would like people to know our products, our name, our way of thinking."
Yanai, who is Japan's richest man, also reportedly said he was traveling to the U.S. the same day and that the market is its "most important."
It's a notable admission given that the Japanese retailer, known for its colorful basic apparel, has been trying to make inroads with American shoppers for more than a decade now.
It's a new approach to an old idea. While Jonathan Swift's fantastical island city of Laputa stayed aloft via magnets, a New York City design firm envisions using an orbiting asteroid to hang a skyscraper above the Earth.
Clouds Architecture Office espouses a dream-big-or-go-home philosophy with its plan to construct the world's "tallest building ever." The 20-mile high (or long) megastructure would dangle from an asteroid suspended by a cable system tens of thousands of miles long.
A number of engineering hurdles stand in the way, so would-be atmospheric settlers of tomorrow will have plenty of time to save up for a down payment. Nevertheless, today's humble surface-dwellers may see inspirational value in proposing such castles in the sky, regardless of their feasibility.
Clouds AO's “Analemma Tower” riffs on the concept of the space elevator, an orbiting counterweight tethered to Earth by an unimaginably long cable that, once built, could provide more affordable access to space.
But rather than a fixed line to the ground, the firm proposes an apartment building hanging off the lower end of a very, very, very long cable attached to an asteroid. The entire system would orbit at the same speed the Earth turns, so it could hover over a relatively narrow area, rather than zipping around many times per day, like the International Space Station does.
The plan calls for an asteroid to be captured and brought back to orbit Earth, similar to NASA's soon-to-be-cancelled Asteroid Redirect Mission. The space rock would orbit about 30,000 miles above the Earth's surface, and tens of thousands of miles of cable would suspend the low-flying apartment complex, which would span the last 20 miles and nearly scrape the Earth's surface.
The scale of the project is mind-boggling. The building alone would be 60 times as tall as New York's One World Trade Center, a height that would take Dubai's Burj Khalifa elevator nearly an hour to climb (although the proposal suggests cableless magnetic elevators). If the entire asteroid-to-bottom-floor span were shrunk to the size of the Eiffel Tower, by comparison the real Eiffel Tower would stand a mere seven hundredths of an inch tall.
Inhabitants could live more than 100,000 feet in the air, where they would enjoy 45 extra minutes of daylight, but it would come at the cost of near-vacuum conditions outside and temperatures comparable to an Antarctic winter, necessitating the recycling of air and water much like a space station.
But a free-flying design affords a number of advantages. By tweaking the elongation of the orbit, builders could specify the figure-eight shaped path the building traces over the Earth. All geosynchronous satellites follow this pattern, from which the structure gets its name: analemma. And the view would be spectacular.
Clouds Architecture Office The Analemma Tower flies low over a rural area.
The analemma movement makes the building mobile, with ports of call in New York City and on the western coast of South America where it could dock for loading, unloading, and re-supplying. It would complete one analemma each day.
The design also suggests taking advantage of the skyscraper's mobility to defray the astronomical building costs, pointing out that Dubai has proven itself a master of low cost, high rise construction. After completion, builders could transport the entire structure to its final New York City-focused orbit.
Rent would cover the remainder of the costs, the architects expect. “It taps into the desire for extreme height, seclusion, and constant mobility. If the recent boom in residential towers proves that sales price per square foot rises with floor elevation, then Analemma Tower will command record prices, justifying its high cost of construction,” the firm wrote.
Recent record-setting apartment prices include a $100 million unit in New York City and a $335 million penthouse in Monaco. Even more astronomical fees for spacescraper real estate would make Analemma Tower accessible only to the hyper-rich.
But Clouds AO won't be taking deposits anytime soon, because the project faces the challenges of a space elevator, and then some.
“It's basically a space elevator with the lower end free. I think that's actually harder. Probably not 10 times harder though, maybe 1.5 times harder,” suggests Jonathan McDowell, an astrophysicist at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.
The number one problem is the cable. The sheer length and tension require tremendous strength, and theorists can't come up with a material that could bear more than two-thirds of the load required for a practical elevator, even just on paper.
Another hurdle is space trash from defunct satellites. “The fact that space tethers are often cut in two by a space debris hit is the reason they haven't seen extensive use since the 1990s,” Dr. McDowell tells The Christian Science Monitor in an email. On top of the space elevator style tether, Analemma Tower also presents a large pressurized structure with big windows as a large target for lower flying objects such as birds and planes.
McDowell suspects smaller, higher systems may be feasible (“start small, a hut!”), but he worries about the dangers of dipping too far into the Earth's thick and breezy atmosphere: “The problems get worse once you start to lower the bottom end into the atmosphere and you have the interaction of the tether with the atmosphere, winds, etc. Then I think it actually gets simpler when you anchor it on the ground.” The jet stream, for example, could buffet the tower at speeds exceeding 100 miles per hour.
And if anything went wrong, a crash could impact more than just the sky dwellers. In the event of a tether snap near the asteroid, the loosed cable could whip around the Earth, wrapping itself over the entire globe 1.2 times. The impact and collapse of a 20-mile building wouldn't be good news either.
Despite its risk and impracticality, McDowell sees some value in at least discussing the proposal. “It is a fun idea that gets engineers and architects thinking outside the box, which is its purpose,” he says. “For an actual implementation, I think it's a bad idea.”
It's a sentiment famed science fiction author Neal Stephenson would agree with. Lamenting a shift in innovation from large works of engineering to app and web development, he sees science fiction and big thinking like the Analemma Tower as playing an important role in inspiring engineers and project planners.
“I worry that our inability to match the achievements of the 1960s space program might be symptomatic of a general failure of our society to get big things done. My parents and grandparents witnessed the creation of the airplane, the automobile, nuclear energy, and the computer to name only a few,” he wrote in his essay Innovation Starvation.
Aiming to lead by example, Mr. Stephenson partnered with Arizona State University structural engineer Keith Hjelmstad in 2012 to design a 12-mile-high steel tower that could aid in refueling aircraft and launching spacecraft. He believes such initiatives to be fundamental to the continued success of the human race.
“The imperative to develop new technologies and implement them on a heroic scale no longer seems like the childish preoccupation of a few nerds with slide rules. It's the only way for the human race to escape from its current predicaments. Too bad we've forgotten how to do it,” he wrote.
Advancements in technology have long spurred even more fanciful leaps of inspiration, as the Eiffel Tower reportedly inspired rocketry pioneer Konstantin Tsiolkovsky to outline a proto-space elevator in 1895. We may still lack the technology to build the marvel he imagined, but humans have since found their way to the sky in ways he may not have foreseen.
Space elevators and "spacescrapers" firmly inhabit the realm of impossibility today, but the Burj Khalifa, with its 2,722-foot pinnacle of stone, glass, and computer chip-controlled elevators, would have been far beyond even the imagination of a Stone Age person familiar with only stone hatchets and wooden huts.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
As for what will be achievable in the coming centuries, McDowell is bearish, but doesn't rule out the possibility of an Analemma Tower entirely.
“I would bet against it for at least the next 200 years,” he says.
Alicia Frazier opened the facial and waxing studio in May to provide a desired service for downtown workers and residents
Buy Photo Alicia Frazier, a licensed esthetician, worked in automotive advertising and marketing before deciding to pursue her passion as the owner of Bare Skin Facial and Waxing Studio in Detroit. (Photo: Robin Buckson / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Being born, raised, educated and employed downtown, Alicia Frazier oozes Detroit pride from her glowing skin.
But the 31-year-old will admit, she often had to drive to the suburbs for a facial to achieve that healthy glow.
“Being someone who likes to keep myself up, I'd have to travel outside the city to get the services done that I wanted,” she says.
Later, when she worked at spas in Grosse Pointe and West Bloomfield, she realized she wasn't the only Detroit resident traveling 25-plus miles for skin pampering.
“I'd notice a good amount of Detroiters driving out to the suburbs to get their skin-care services,” she says. “So there's definitely a huge need that I identified, and I wanted to be the one to help solve that need for the people that live and work in Detroit.”
In May, Frazier opened Bare Skin Facial and Waxing Studio inside the historic Bagley Mansion on Jefferson. She renovated a small room on the third floor, which she thinks hasn't been touched since the '60s, into a peaceful oasis with nature music and plants. The serenity relaxes her clients who come for her most popular service — Brazilian waxing — as well as facials for women and men.
Unlike spa franchises and the Detroit casino salons that funnel people in and out, Frazier says she's focused on helping clients achieve their skin goals, whether they're seeking anti-aging treatments or acne removal.
Instead of a complimentary glass of wine or Champagne — “those are horrible for your skin,” she gasps — she offers a liquid shot of collagen after facials.
She also provides a unique aromatherapy experience for Brazilian waxing, where clients inhale a calming scent and she applies essential oils behind the ears and wrists.
“It literally relaxes you and de-stresses you,” she says, explaining the oils promote serotonin, a chemical produced by the body that can alleviate anxiety and pain. That's something anyone getting their hair ripped off wants.
Buy Photo Bare Skin Facial and Waxing Studio owner Alicia Frazier, who has special training in administering facials, aromatherapy and skin care, cleanses the skin of Lottie Robertson of Belleville during Robertson's express facial. (Photo: Robin Buckson / The Detroit News)
Last month, August Nord waited outside the studio next to Valente's Men's Formalwear, hoping her first Brazilian experience wouldn't be excruciating.
The 33-year-old moved to Midtown from New York City in November and struggled to find a waxing studio downtown. So she turned to Yelp for help.
“Most salons are outside the city limits that actually have good reviews and seemed to be nicer places to go to,” Nord says.
Then she saw Bare Skin Facial and Waxing Studio's stellar reviews and decided to give it a shot.
“And I'd rather support businesses here,” she adds.
There is The Woodhouse Day Spa on Woodward and spas inside the MotorCity Casino Hotel and MGM Grand. Yet Frazier attests she has a unique studio “that solely focuses on esthetics.”
Kelli Coleman, co-founder of The TEN Nail Bar that opened in Capitol Park last year, says more personal care services are needed downtown for residents and professionals. When it comes to waxing and facials, she adds, women want “a more convenient and flexible option” than booking appointments at casino spas.
“I think that the Bare Skin business will do well given that there are aren't many (waxing and facial) options currently,” Coleman says.
Besides Coleman, who's 32, other female millennial entrepreneurs have recently announced plans to open beauty services downtown — such as Nia Batts and Katy Cockrel, both in their early 30s, who are launching the hair blow dry service Detroit Blows on Library Street.
“I think you're seeing that younger millennial entrepreneur come to the forefront that much more,” Coleman says, “because they understand the priorities or the desires of that millennial consumer that's frequenting downtown.”
That's true for Frazier, who says she was always “obsessed with skin care.” Years ago, a friend suggested she should be an esthetician.
“I'm like, ‘What is that?' and she said, ‘They do facials at spas,' and I'm like, ‘Oh my god, yes!' ”
After graduating from Wayne State University, she pursued a corporate job in automotive advertising and marketing. Only when a friend enrolled in an esthetician program, she decided it was time for her, too, to pursue her passion.
In 2014, Frazier attended the Michigan College of Beauty in Troy and got her esthetician license. She kept her corporate job, stashing away savings to eventually cover the cost of rent and equipment.
“Thank God for income tax returns and having that corporate job to finance my dream,” she says.
She's also thankful she found a space to serve Detroiters in the area she grew up. Yet, in a unexpected twist, she's found clients are driving from the suburbs to her.
One Thursday last month, Lottie Robertson apologized for arriving a little late. The rush-hour traffic traveling from Auburn Hills was not great.
The 40-year-old head of supplier diversity and communications for Fiat Chrysler lives in Belleville — about 40 minutes away.
“I'm certain that I pass probably 50 (facial studios) between my house and work and here and back, but (Alicia) exceeded my expectations, so I have no reason to look elsewhere,” says Robertson, who tried a facial for the first time eight weeks ago.
Robertson was shopping for her wedding gown in Beautiful Bridal on the first floor when she met Frazier, who suggested a few facials may improve her skin before her July wedding.
Robertson thought, “Why not?”
“I could tell instantly a difference with my skin in terms of the glow, how full it was and it was much more even toned after the first facial, so I continued to come back,” she says.
“It changed my life,” she adds. “I wish someone would have told me to start (facials) at 30. ... I know a lot of women may not think it's worth it, but I can tell the difference — and not just aesthetically looking at my face, but my skin feels better. It's more hydrated.”
Bare Skin facials start at $65. The most popular — the Bare Skin Glow, which includes whitehead extractions — is $85. Waxing services range from $20 for eyebrows to $55 for Brazilians.
Thirty minutes flew by and Nord emerged from the white door, smiling and waving her arms as if she just crossed a finish line.
“It wasn't nearly as bad as I expected,” she says. “I mean, it hurt, but I was expecting something like terror.”
Frazier applied lavender aromatherapy and played house music, which Nord says helped her relax.
“It's not horrible,” says Nord, who decided to return for another visit.
ssteinberg@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2156
Twitter: @Steph_Steinberg
Bare Skin Facial and Waxing Studio
2921 E. Jefferson, Detroit
7 a.m.-8 p.m. Mondays-Fridays; 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Saturdays
Book online at bareskindetroit.com
Frazier's summer skin tips
Wash your face twice a day. Frazier suggests washing in the morning and night to remove oils and products. “In the summertime, you want to use a lighter moisturizer,” she says.
Stay hydrated. “Your skin is your largest organ, and it's also the last organ to receive the moisture, so you want to make sure you hydrate from the inside and out,” Frazier says. To hydrate from the outside, apply a skin serum and then moisturizer no more than two minutes after getting out of the bath or shower. “That's when your skin is more open to receiving nutrients and retaining the moisture.”
Apply SPF. “Sunscreen is a must,” Frazier says. She recommends a value of at least SPF 30 to protect against skin-damaging rays. Dermatologists also advise applying sunscreen with UVA and UVB protection.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2vmgGZO
1 | The goose step
With Sybil hospitalised due to an ingrowing toenail (glamorous), episode six saw some German guests arrive and un-PC 1970s mayhem ensue. Despite warning, “Don't mention the war,” a crazed Basil proceeds to mention it constantly (“Hors d'oeuvres… vich must be obeyed… vithout qvestion!”), then blames the guests for starting it (“Yes you did, you invaded Poland”). It culminates in his Ministry of Silly Walks-style goose step, leading one German to mutter: “How ever did they win?” John Cleese later said: “Everybody thinks it's a joke about Germans but it's about British attitudes to the war and the fact that some people were still hanging on to that rubbish.”
2 | Sybil's phone calls
“Ah, my little piranha fish… my little nest of vipers… the toxic midget… the sabre-toothed tart… rancorous, coiffured old sow.” Superbly played by Prunella Scales, Basil's formidable wife sports tight skirt suits, flouncy blouses and a towering perm kept at its full height with overnight curlers. Despite being a far more effective hotelier than her “ageing, brilliantined stick insect” husband, she spends busy periods reading Harold Robbins novels or gossiping on the phone to her friend Audrey, punctuated by “Oooh, I knowww” and a braying laugh which Basil likens to “someone machine-gunning a seal”. She's also the only character to use his first name, usually barked in admonishment, and prone to slapping him.
3 | The Waldorf salad
“I think we're out of Waldorfs.” When a loud, wealthy American comes to stay (“Couldn't find the freeway. Had to take a little backstreet called the M5”), he demands a late-night meal on arrival. Refusing to pay overtime, Basil had sent the chef home, convinced he can whip up a snack himself – but when they order screwdrivers to drink and an off-menu Waldorf salad, Basil has no idea what either is. After he catches Basil yelling at an imaginary chef, the brash American calls him “the British Tourist Board's answer to Donald Duck”. It all neatly encapsulates the culture clash between outspoken Yanks and too-polite-to-complain Brits.
4 | The car-thrashing
Keen to attract a more upmarket clientele, Basil arranges a gourmet night – but his plans are scuppered by his alcoholic chef passing out drunk. The menu is suddenly restricted to three choices: duck with orange, duck with cherries or duck surprise (without oranges or cherries). However, tuxedo-clad Basil's dash across Torquay to fetch the fowl hits the skids when his car breaks down. “Start, you vicious bastard!” he hisses at his red Austin 1300, before grabbing a tree branch. “Right, that does it. I'm going to give you a damn good thrashing.” A scene so iconic, Corgi made a die-cast model of it.
5 | The moose's head
Major Gowen (played by Ballard Berkeley) is the bumbling, blazer-clad veteran soldier who's a permanent hotel resident, forever on the lookout for the newspaper and the cricket scores. Sybil instructs Basil to hang a moose's head in the lobby but he keeps getting waylaid in his efforts and leaves it on the reception desk. When the Major hears Manuel's voice coming from under the counter as he practises his English, the confused old gent is convinced the moose is speaking to him. It later falls from the wall and lands on Manuel's head, leading the poor Major to think it's talking again. “I can speak English. I learned it from a book.” “Did you really? Remarkable animal you've got there, Fawlty.”
6 | The anniversary
“What day it is today, Basil?” “Anniversary of the Battle of Agincourt?” Forgotten wedding anniversaries are a retro comedy trope but it's rarely been done better than here. The penultimate episode portrays Basil's efforts to throw a surprise 15th anniversary bash for Sybil. He goes to such lengths to pretend he's forgotten the significance of the date that she storms off in a huff. Never one to keep things simple, Basil pretends to the partygoers that she's ill. As his lies spiral, chambermaid Polly (played by co-writer Connie Booth) ends up posing in bed as a sick Sybil and seems to get away with it – until the real Sybil returns to fetch her golf clubs.
7 | Basil the rat
There's a rat in my kitchen, what am I gonna do? The final episode finds Basil in trouble when the health inspector delivers a long list of hygienic aberrations, including dead pigeons in the water tank. The last thing the lanky hotelier needs, then, is for Manuel's pet “Siberian hamster” – OK, rat – to be let loose on the premises. Cue an increasingly indiscreet hunt, a poisoned veal cutlet and the Major taking potshots with his rifle. This rodent farce reaches fever pitch when a cuddly-looking rat pops his head out of a biscuit tin and looks the dumbfounded inspector right in the eye, causing his human namesake to faint.
8 | The corpse
“Oh, there's another one snuffed it in the night. Another name in the Fawlty Towers Book of Remembrance.” A guest dies in his sleep but after accidentally serving him breakfast, Basil's convinced it's due to past-their-sell-by-date kippers. He tries to remove the corpse without spooking the other guests, hiding it in wardrobes, linen baskets and behind hatstands. Cleese based the storyline on a friend's anecdote about working at the Savoy and being told to discreetly dispose of a dead body. He also got revenge on Spectator TV critic Richard Ingrams for a scathing review by naming the guest caught with a blow-up doll “Mr Ingrams”.
9 | The anagrammatic signs
Warty Towels. Watery Fowls. Flay Otters. Fatty Owls. Farty Towels. It's one of the great visual in-jokes of British sitcom: a shot of the Torquay hotel's sign appears at the start of all but one episode (The Germans opens at the hospital) with letters missing or formed into anagrams – pranks which turn out to be the work of the aggrieved paperboy. Bonus fact: Flowery Twats from penultimate episode The Anniversary is the only complete anagram, using all the letters. Perhaps there were only a dozen episodes because John Cleese and Connie Booth ran out of anagrams.
10 | He's from Barcelona
“I know nothing. Qué?” Basil's human punchbag is hapless Spanish waiter Manuel (Andrew Sachs), whose faltering English leads him to make mistakes and get abused by the bullying boss: beaten with a frying pan, clipped round the ear, poked in the eye or smacked on the forehead with a spoon. At other times, Basil, Sybil and even the normally pleasant Polly prefer the patronising approach, excusing Manuel's behaviour with, “He's from Barcelona.” For the Spanish syndication of the show, Manuel's nationality was switched to Italian and his name to Paolo. In the Catalan re-dub, he's Mexican. To make matters more confusing, Sachs originally wanted to play him as German.
Another Louisiana company has said it will no longer promote the NFL or New Orleans Saints brand after league-wide protests during the national anthem last week.
Schilling Distributing Company, based in Lafayette, said it plans to pull all of its Bud Light "point of sale" material featuring the league and team's logo.
"With all the negative attention the NFL is receiving right now due to these protests, we do not feel it is appropriate to associate our brand with them in the marketplace at this time," said VP Charles Schilling in a Facebook post. "These sponsorship deals are made at a national level, and while Bud Light has been an official partner of the NFL and New Orleans Saints for years, there is no need for us to ask our retailer partners to promote such controversial organizations to help sell product."
The company bills itself as bring "locally veteran-owned" since 1950. Schilling joins multiple restaurants and bars who have vowed to stop showing Saints games due to the protests. The company serves as the official beer distributor of UL-Lafayette, and sells Ragin' Cajuns Genuine Louisiana Ale.
Other blowback has included legislators calling for the cutting of state funding to the Saints. The Krewe of Poseidon in Slidell also said it has disinvited Saints players Alex Okafor and Kenny Vaccaro from serving as grand marshals during their January parade.
Schilling said it will offer alternative programming in the meantime, including material featuring message like "proud to serve those who serve," and "this Bud's for you, Louisiana," according to a Facebook post.
In a recent article I revealed that after being wrongly accused of sock-puppetry and backstabbing colleagues by Richard Symonds, a staffer at Wikimedia UK, British MP Grant Shapps had served a disclosure request under the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA). Shapps has had a response, of sorts. It makes grim reading.
The great thing about data protection requests? They are not litigation correspondence, they are not subject to the implied undertaking / CPR 31.22 and they do not usually engage a duty of confidentiality. Other parties may not ordinarily impose a duty of confidence on documents disclosed under a statutory duty. So we can start by sharing this little gem –
According to Wikimedia UK Symonds has deleted his email to the Guardian ‘in the normal course of business'. This is a very concerning statement. Most organisations have clear data retention policies. Does Wikimedia have no such policy or does it not follow it? Does it really manage personal data so poorly? Another concern is that most organisations have email backups. Does Wikimedia or its provider not back up its email server? That is a serious governance concern.
Another problem for Wikimedia is that Shapps made clear he was contemplating litigation immediately after the story broke, saying, “This smear is categorically false and defamatory” (archive here). The law takes a harsh view of documents relevant to litigation being destroyed.
The legal principle of relevance is called, “omnia praesumuntur contra spoliatorem” – ‘all things are presumed against the destroyer of evidence'. The recent case of Earles v Barclays Bank Plc [2009] EWHC 2500 (Mercantile), established that whilst there was no general duty to retain documents prior to proceedings being commenced, “[…] that “there might be cases where it was appropriate to draw adverse inferences from a party's conduct before the commencement of proceedings.”” (paragraph 28).
I imagine that Wikimedia's lawyers will double-check and either have a very good explanation of how the documents were destroyed in ‘the normal course of business' or perhaps they will find a backup.
Even if the email has been destroyed it hardly helps them. Shapps already has key extracts from the emails, courtesy of the Guardian. I published them in my earlier article here. Wikimedia also disclosed a large number of emails from the same time period to Shapps. Oddly these had not been destroyed in ‘the normal course of business'. Not that Wikimedia UK have been entirely forthcoming with these, relying on a number of exceptions to the DPA.
Some of the documents are so redacted they could be mistaken for releases from the Pentagon – or perhaps modern art. I have named the next three moving pieces as though they were abstract paintings – “Openness”, “Transparency” and “Accountability”.
Of course Shapps and his nightmarish lawyers are simply handing WMUK rope. He already has key documents. He has indicated he is contemplating defamation proceedings. The very detailed ArbCom judgement (admissible in the UK under s1 Civil Evidence Act 1995), is hardly helpful to any claim that Symonds, the Guardian or WMUK were publishing responsibly or in the public interest.
Should he choose to proceed, Shapps can easily force WMUK to disclose unredacted materials. The obvious next step is a letter of claim and a pre-action disclosure request .The two main differences between a pre-application disclosure request and a data protection requests are –
none of the Data Protection exemptions apply
Shapps is not allowed to leak the results, at least not without asking the Court for permission
Under the circumstances, making a DPA request first made perfect tactical sense. WMUK have simply wasted money to pay Stone King to spend hours redacting documents and making themselves look bad when Shapps knows he can get all of them in unredacted form (and more) anyway.
WMUK has clearly behaved in a deeply unjust manner towards Shapps. Even after the damning Arbcom ruling Symonds states he stands by his original allegations on his Wikipedia page (archive here). D'Arcy Myers has refused to apologise. It is quite possible if Shapps succeeds in defamation proceedings individual staffers at WMUK stand to lose their homes. If D'Arcy Myers authorised any publication he better start being really, really nice to Grant Shapps.
It may be, however, that Shapps has bigger fish to fry. It seems to your author that Guardian journalist Randeep Ramesh is the real focus of Shapps' ire. Speaking of Ramesh the Guardian's Readers' Editor Chris Elliott confirmed that it was allegations by Ramesh that prompted Symonds' to investigate the Contribsx account. He told me,
“[…] He thought that was unusual and noted that there many comments to that effect. He made his own study of the editing pattern on Shapp's Wikipedia page and his suspicions grew. He legitimately took those suspicions to a Wikipedia administrator and a press officer for Wikimedia on April 2 […]”
The difficulty this might present the Guardian is that if, ex-hypothesi, Shapps sued them Randeep Ramesh was not an impartial observer. He was essentially Shapps' accuser – but continued to write about the story even after his contacts with Symonds were the subject of ArbCom scrutiny.
Under the circumstances, the Guardian might face challenges in mounting a defence under s4 Defamation Act 2013.
Right now, WMUK, the Guardian, Myers and Ramesh are waiting on Shapps' next move. Shapps himself is effectively now faced with a number of, to use the technical legal term, cat toys and in no hurry to give them peace of mind.
Rumour has it that Shapps sees Symonds as a pathetic figure dazzled by Ramesh, a worldly national journalist. Your author suspects he might give WMUK and WMF the chance to apologise – as long as they make some more tangible concessions as a token of goodwill such as providing information for use in a claim against other parties and removing such figures as Guardian source Mark Bernstein from Wikipedia.
At the same time legitimate concerns exist about the child protection issues revealed on this very blog. WMUK, the WMF and Jimmy Wales would do well to take Shapps very serious indeed.
These allegations were put to Wikimedia UK via their solicitors, Stone King. A brief response came from former Chairman, the eminent Michael King saying that more time might be needed. Your author replied offering to delay to give Stone King more time to respond and pointing out the duty to mitigate losses in tort. (That is, if they do not dispute any facts pre-publication, even when offered a longer deadline of their choosing to consider, they would be disadvantaged in any litigation).
I also pointed out that Richard Symonds' still links to an article standing by the Contribsx allegation on his Wikipedia user page here. It has not been removed at the time of writing. [EDIT – 23/08/2015 – the allegation has now been removed by Symonds per this diff].
Just before the original deadline, Stone King Partner Tom Murdoch responded as follows – “We have no comment to make in response to your enquiry below”.
So no explanation of how the emails came to be deleted, WMUK's data retention policy or what backups exist (if any).
In 2014 ROG launched the critically acclaimed Swift PG278Q - a 27-inch WQHD (2560 x 1440) resolution 144Hz monitor with Nvidia G-Sync. At CES 2015, ROG is announcing the Swift PG27AQ - a 27-inch 4K (3840 x 2160) resolution, providing 2.25x the resolution (and equally, 2.25x greater pixel density) and Nvidia G-Sync that makes gaming with an Nvidia graphics card silky smooth.
Inside ROG packs its unique GamePlus crosshair overlays and timer functions, while outside it has an easy-to-navigate on-screen display (OSD) with a five-way navigation joystick and hotkey shortcuts, an ergonomic design with full tilt, swivel, pivot and height adjustment, and a smart cable-management system in a super narrow bezel design.
Do note that it's not a replacement for the current model and both PGs will exist side-by-side as top-tier gaming monitors, providing a choice to gamers looking at 27-inch displays; between the fast gaming 144Hz, WQHD/8-bit TN PG278Q and the higher 4K resolution, with in-plane switching (IPS spec) LCD in the PG28AQ .
Complete product details will be released at launch.
Announcement Spec:
27-inch LCD with super-thin bezel design and ROG aesthetics
4K (3840 x 2160) @ 60Hz
In-Plane Switching spec LCD
Nvidia G-Sync
ASUS ROG GamePlus
DisplayPort 1.2
Contrast Ratio: 1000:1
Brightness: 300 cd/m²
Quick FAQ
1) Does it have ULMB (Ultra Low Motion Blur) /3D vision support (since it's not 120Hz)
Unfortunately these technologies are not available at 4K/60Hz.
2) Does the Swift PG27AQ support ASUS Eye Care?
Yes, the Swift PG27AQ has flicker-free, low-blue light and anti-glare technologies.
3) Why not 4K @ 144Hz?
Current DisplayPort bandwidth limits 4K resolution to 60Hz only, so, for fans of FPS/shooters, beat 'em ups and competitive RTS (for example), we still recommend the fast-refresh PG278Q, while gamers who play MMOs, RTS, MOBA, 4X, Sims or action/adventure (again, for example) will likely prefer the greater resolution, and still benefit from G-Sync.
View full size
The East Coast/West Coast rivalry just took on gubernatorial proportions.
California Gov. Jerry Brown hit back at Chris Christie Friday after the bombastic New Jersey governor called Brown an "old retread" at the Republican National Convention.
Turns out Brown, 74, didn't take too kindly to the insinuation he was too old for office.
"Nothing wrong with being a little retread," Brown said Thursday night in a speech to the United Food and Commercial Workers' union, Local 770. "I'm slowed down a little bit. But I have to tell you, I ran three miles in 29 minutes two nights ago."
Then Brown got personal.
"I hereby challenge Gov. Christie to a three-mile race, a push-up contest and a chin-up contest," he said. "Whatever he wants to bet, I have no doubt of the outcome."
Brown's challenge comes days after Christie told the California GOP delegation he remembered Brown running in a presidential primary against former President Jimmy Carter.
"California made a bad choice by going with an old retread," he said. "I cannot believe you people elected Jerry Brown over Meg Whitman."
Christie spokesman Kevin Roberts hit back at Brown today.
"Defensive much?" he said. "This is what it looks like when you're out of ideas, I guess. Except, of course, raising taxes."
Follow @starledger
Related coverage:
• Republican National Convention notebook: Gov. Christie helps get N.J. delegates into building
• Complete coverage of the 2012 Conventions
Mindfulness meditation is many things. But it is not something you do. In this respect it is a mental attitude that is very different from what we are used to in everyday life. It is non-doing. It is to be aware of what already is.
The actual experience will tell you a lot more than any number of words. So let's do an exercise and see what we mean. Credit to the great teacher Joseph Goldstein for this exercise.
Close your eyes. Rest your right elbow on the armrest or your desk and lift your hand with the palm facing left. Very slowly move it from left to right a few times.
Stop reading and do the exercise.
Did you feel your hand move?
Congratulations! You were mindful of your hand.
Believe it or not, it really is just that. And you are right, it is not something special. It's something you've always had. You could start meditating right now if you closed your eyes and just felt your hand move from side to side.
It turns out it takes practice to be mindful of our experience continuously. It also turns out there is tremendous power in doing that. That is mindfulness meditation in a nutshell.
We'll go more into how to actually meditate in the following posts. But let's continue with the basic concepts. As you read them try to connect them to the experience of our little exercise above.
There are two important qualities of your mind as you are mindful.
You are attentive to your experience. You simply witness its unfolding without attachment or pushing away.
It is impossible to overemphasize these two points as they are core elements of the practice.
Another important point is the non-doing aspect. Doing things is our everyday mode of operation. So a lot of us understandably get caught in trying to do meditation. But ask yourself the following question. Did you have to do anything to feel the movement of your hand? Or did the knowing of the experience happen by itself?
Go back and do it again. Allow your hand to be felt. Try to notice what we mean by non-doing. Pay attention to the fact that your hand just is.
So let's summarize:
Mindfulness meditation is not about doing something, but about being aware of what already is. You direct your attention to an experience, the experience unfolds and it is known by itself.
When in doubt, close your eyes and allow your hand to be felt. That's mindfulness.
Advertisements
Hello and welcome!
Feminism is super important to me as a geek. On a pragmatic, day to day level, my feminism is about paying attention to other women and what they do. This is extra difficult in some geeky fields and cultures. It's easy to default to male.
I'd like to suggest to anyone with a feminist or womanist outlook to put attention into diversifying your information feeds and your conversational patterns. Who do you read? Who do you listen to? Who do you talk with?
So I try to be aware of intesectionality of a lot of factors, and really pay attention to women, women of color, lesbian, bi, trans women, disabled women, women who are from different backgrounds and countries and incomes and educational levels and who speak different languages.
My energy and resources, personal and professional, go into supporting other women in their endeavors. I work for a women's media and blogging company, fix women's blogs, teach women how to code and do techy stuff, translate women's poetry, write about women writers, and I do my open source work for Dreamwidth and for the Organization for Transformative Works.
Despite all that, I am only a situational separatist. It's just that, in order to bond with other women, I find I have to make a particular effort. The most random men often feel incredibly entitled to my time, attention, energy, and labor. Men watch and amplify each other's works, creating a feedback effect that means I can't even avoid knowing about them. It takes a conscious shift in attention not to become a constant, default, man fan.
That shift in attention patterns includes: noticing, critiquing, and praising other women's work without using the tools of misogyny and racism; being able to recognize and name problems in communities; speaking up in public to call out bad behavior and stand behind other women.
Benefits of doing this includes: being less of an asshole despite my own privilege; having a broad base of information from which to judge and make decisions; less self-hatred and internalized misogyny to struggle with day to day; not having to kiss ass on men in public while rolling my eyes at them in private; being less vulnerable to harassment; and getting to know lots of kickass women doing amazing things. Instead of feeling alienated while I'm coding, gaming, blogging, or going to science fiction conventions, I have a lot of powerful and positive sisterhood in my geeky life. Try it, you'll like it.
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, head of the largest bank in the United States, testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, June 13, 2012, before the Senate Banking Committee about how his company recently lost more than $2 billion on risky trades. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
Jamie Dimon wants you to remember what made this country great.
The JPMorgan Chase CEO insisted in a New York magazine interview, published on Monday, that people should not blame big banks for the financial crisis.
When asked him about his consistent defense of Wall Street and criticism of financial rules, Dimon pushed back, saying he considered himself more "an outspoken defender of the truth." "This is not the Soviet Union," he continued. "This is the United States of America. That's what I remember. Guess what.... It's a free. Fucking. Country."
Since the financial crisis, Dimon has embraced his role as defender of Wall Street. Earlier this month, he said the larger problem surrounded scapegoating and finger-pointing, rather than systemic problems in his industry.
Here is a big reason the public may be holding Dimon and other big bank CEOs responsible: In 2008, the size and interconnectedness of struggling big banks like JPMorgan Chase threatened to take down the financial system and the economy with it. As a result, big banks, including JPMorgan, received generous bailouts as businesses laid off workers en masse.
Dimon has said in the past that banks should not be too big to fail. But he also has said that some banks need to be big in order to serve their clients well.
He's not the only figure in financial circles with a short temper though. In 2009, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner unleashed a slew of f-bombs in an exchange with Neil Barofsky, then the country's bailout watchdog, according to Barofsky's new book Bailout.
"Neil, I have been the most fucking transparent secretary of the Treasury in this country's entire fucking history!" Geithner said at the time, according to Barofsky.
Advertisement
Photo: Nicholas Eveleigh Source: Sources: IMCOA, U.S. National Geological Survey Click on image for a larger view.
What would happen if the production of laptops, cellphones, and MP3 players suddenly halted? Oh, and no more hybrid electric vehicles and MRI machines? It probably won't happen, of course, but the fact that it could is scary enough. A single country, China, mines more than 95 percent of the world's supply of rare earth metals, found in permanent magnets, phosphors, lasers, capacitors, and superconductors.
That's not to say that China has all the deposits. In fact, most of the 17 elements in this group aren't rare at all. They got their name because the ores in which they're found are notoriously difficult to extract from Earth's crust. It's expensive to mine them in the United States, Europe, and other places with relatively strict environmental laws. China, with fewer such scruples, has been able to flood the market. In 1992, the price of ore containing these elements plummeted, and Molycorp Minerals, in Greenwood, Colo., the owner of the largest U.S. repository of rare earth metals, stopped digging.
As recently as 2004, China used less than half of the rare earth metals it produced. But according to an estimate by the Industrial Minerals Co. of Australia, in Mount Claremont, China's domestic demand will overtake its production in less than 10 years. Now Beijing is considering banning exports of some rare earth elements and limiting shipments of others to 35 000 metric tons a year, which would immediately threaten not just electronics manufacturing across the globe but also hybrid vehicles. A Toyota Prius, for example, requires about a kilogram of neodymium for its electric motor and as much as 15 kg of lanthanum for its battery pack.
In anticipation of China turning off its rare-earth spigot, Molycorp is gearing up to go back into full production. When mining restarts in 2012, the site is expected to turn out 20 000 metric tons of rare earth metals each year, says CEO Mark Smith. But the research site HardAssetsInvestor.com estimates that by then, annual world demand outside China is likely to exceed 60 000 metric tons.
Ludovic Marin, AFP | French President Emmanuel Macron speaks during an open debate on Europe at the Goethe University in Frankfurt, Germany, on October 10, 2017.
The EU flag is at the centre of a political row in France, with eurosceptics demanding it be removed from parliament and europhile President Emmanuel Macron vowing it will remain.
ADVERTISING Read more
The hard-left France Unbowed party has demanded that the blue-and-yellow flag that has hung alongside the French flag in the lower house National Assembly for the past 10 years be taken down and replaced with the UN flag.
The party, whose leader Jean-Luc Melenchon ran a failed bid for president this year on an eurosceptic, anti-capitalist platform, argued that the assembly should ditch the EU banner because "it does not create consensus"
The proposal immediately received a thumbs up from the far-right National Front (FN), whose leader Marine Le Pen refused to take part in a television interview during the presidential campaign unless an EU banner on the set was removed.
"We are in the French National Assembly. By rights, there should only be the French flag," FN vice-president Louis Aliot said.
But the suggestion was immediately rejected by pro-European mainstream parties.
Macron, an ardent defender of the EU who celebrated his May election victory to the strains of the EU anthem "Ode to Joy", stepped into the fray on Tuesday.
The French leader announced he would sign an agreement officially recognising the union's flag at an EU summit next week -- a move that would prevent it being removed from any public building.
Macron said his move was aimed at defending the EU "at a time when some in France are conducting debates where we turn in on ourselves and want to remove the European flag".
Recognising the flag involves signing an annex to the Treaty of Lisbon which was negotiated in 2007.
Sixteen of the EU's 28 member countries have signed the declaration so far, but France has yet to do so.
(AFP)
UPDATE: Reports are circulating that the attacker was an Islamist who acted alone.
CNN downplayed the ISIS-style Parliament attack as a “firearms incident” despite UK media reporting it as a combined knife and car attack.
The network published an article with the headline “UK police investigate ‘firearms incident' near parliament” around 11:30AM EST.
“London's Metropolitan Police said on Twitter they were called at approximately 2:40 pm to reports of an incident near Westminster Bridge and that it was being treated as a firearms incident,” CNN said. “TV images have emerged of a car crashed into a fence outside the Parliament building.”
CNN did admit a police officer was stabbed in the “firearms incident,” but the article was light on details.
In comparison, both the Sun and the Daily Mail said a knifeman was shot outside the UK Parliament right after he mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, an attack which copies the methods used by jihadis during recent terror attacks.
And the Drudge Report had the following main headline as the CNN piece was going up:
“We heard a loud bang, lots of shouting and men running around. Someone rushed through, attacked a policeman,” a witness told The Sun. “He appeared to be carrying a knife or a gun. We then heard gunfire, five or six rounds.”
“The man approaching one of the police officers with a knife.”
As of this writing, police have not identified the suspect, although reports circulating on social media suggest the suspect was Middle Eastern.
Additionally, the two methods of the attack – a knife and a vehicle – mimick recent terror attacks in the West.
In November, a Somali refugee attacked at least nine people with a knife at Ohio State University.
“A high-ranking faculty member who spoke to NBC 4 Columbus said that one of his colleagues was in Watts Hall at the time and was slashed in the leg with a machete,” reported the Daily Mail on Nov. 28. “…The attack then got out of the car and started stabbing and slashing victims, a witness said.”
More recently, in Germany, one person was killed and three were injured by a knife-welding jihadi who shouted “Allahu Akbar” at a train station near Munich.
A similar attack happened on a train between Würzburg and Treuchtlingen.
“A German official described the footage of the teenage suspect in the German train stabbings as a ‘classical farewell video' of a suicide attacker that indicates he was inspired by ISIS,” CNN reported. “Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said the 17-year-old also left a goodbye letter saying he prayed that he could take revenge on all infidels.”
And let's not forget the lorry attacks in Berlin and Nice, France, in which dozens of people were mowed down by jihadi drivers encouraged by ISIS to use trucks to kill “infidels.”
The Parliament is located in London, which has attracted so many Muslim migrants over the past several years that the city is now called “Londonistan.”
Even the mayor, Sadiq Khan, is a Muslim.
Captured on Twitter | The actor Sean Penn, left, and the drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera in a photo taken for interview on 2 October, 2015
An interview that Hollywood star Sean Penn conducted with Mexican Joaquin "Chapo" Guzman late last year helped Mexico's government catch the world's most wanted drug lord, sources said on Saturday.
ADVERTISING Read more
A secretive meeting thaHollywood star Sean Penn orchestrated with Joaquin “Chapo” Guzman in a jungle hideout late last year helped Mexico's government catch the world's most wanted drug lord, sources said.
Guzman, the infamous boss of the Sinaloa drug cartel, was arrested in northwestern Mexico on Friday morning, and sent back to the prison he broke out of in July through a mile-long tunnel that led straight into his cell.
Mexico aims to extradite Guzman to the United States as soon as possible.
Penn's rare access to the capo was assisted by Mexican actress Kate del Castillo. They were driven some of the way to the hideout by Guzman's son, who the Hollywood star says was waved on by soldiers when they apparently recognized him.
Another leg of the day-long trip through central Mexico to meet Guzman was on a light aircraft allegedly fitted with equipment to evade radar detection, Penn said in a story published in Rolling Stone magazine on Saturday.
Penn said in the article that he was sure the Mexican government and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration were tracking him.
Two senior Mexican government sources said they were indeed aware of the October meeting and monitored his movements.
That helped lead them days later to a ranch where Guzman was staying, one of the sources said. Mexican forces used helicopter gunships to attack Guzman's ranch during a siege that lasted days.
The kingpin narrowly escaped, with what he told Del Castillo was a minor leg injury, but the raid in the northern state of Durango was a major breakthrough in the manhunt.
Guzman was finally recaptured on Friday in the northern city of Los Mochis after a bloody action movie-like shootout. Mexican marines pursued the wily kingpin through storm drains before intercepting his getaway in a hijacked car.
Penn's seven-hour encounter with Guzman came about after Guzman became interested in making a movie of his life when he was inundated with requests from U.S. movie studios following his 2014 capture, the film star said.
Guzman's lawyer approached Del Castillo about the possibility of making a film, but the project was dropped in favor of a magazine interview, Penn said. In the Sinaloan state capital of Culiacan, where many revere Guzman as a folk hero, many were surprised to hear that he was looking to have a biopic made about his life.
“Vanity kills, and more so in his case,” said Exiquiel Delgado, 60, who owns a souvenir kiosk near Culiacan's cathedral. “A man with money but little culture loses his way.”
Interview
Penn's encounter adds a new twist to the long and larger-than-life career of Guzman, whose nickname “Chapo” means “Shorty.”
Penn unsuccessfully tried to set up a formal follow-up interview. Instead, as Mexican security forces closed in on Guzman, Penn and Del Castillo persuaded him to film a 17-minute tape answering prewritten questions, and ship them the footage.
The video clips show the drug lord in a colorful shirt and black cap at a different hideout, musing about his contribution to the narcotics trade and U.S. consumption. Rolling Stone called it the drug lord's first-ever interview outside an interrogation.
Sean Penn recounts his secret visit with El Chapo, months before the drug lord's recapture https://t.co/OnaRMVr1tv pic.twitter.com/A0WGY6xFpj — Rolling Stone (@RollingStone) January 10, 2016
A senior Obama administration official told television news shows on Sunday morning that Guzman's boasting about his heroin empire in the interview was “maddening.”
“One thing I will tell you is that this braggadocious action about how much heroin he sends around the world, including the United States, is maddening,”
White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough said on CNN's “State of the Union.” “We see a heroin epidemic, an opioid addiction epidemic, in this country,” McDonough said. “We're going to stay on top of this with our Mexican counterparts until we get that back in the box. But El Chapo's behind bars – that's where he should stay.”
McDonough would not comment on any repercussions for Penn. The meeting was made possible because Guzman struck up an unlikely friendship with Del Castillo, who herself played a Mexican drug queen in a well-known TV soap.
Mexican Attorney General Arely Gomez on Friday said that the drug boss's yearning for the silver screen had helped bring him down.
“Another important aspect that helped locate him was discovering Guzman's intention to have a biographical film made. He contacted actresses and producers, which was part of one line of investigation,” Gomez said.
The meeting with Penn and Del Castillo yielded insight into how Chapo may have continued to conduct business while he was incarcerated. Penn said some of Guzman's henchmen were certified as lawyers to allow them access to the boss while he was in prison.
Guzman, who has escaped prison twice, himself said he did not believe his business had been impacted by his last spell behind bars.
Penn said Guzman sent engineers to Germany for three months of training on how to avoid problems when excavating near a low-lying water table beneath the prison where he was being held in order to perfect the audacious escape plan.
Guzman also revealed to Penn that he had once met Colombian Pablo Escobar, perhaps the world's most notorious cocaine trafficker “at his house. Big house.”
One Mexican government source said authorities were considering whether to investigate Penn and Del Castillo, possibly for money laundering. The source did not explain further.
(REUTERS)
About this mini-article series. Each day for 24 days, I will be reviewing a module that parses command-line options (such module is usually under the Getopt::* namespace). First article is here.
Receiving options from command-line arguments is usually just one of a few ways a CLI program gets its input. Two of the other most popular ways are: environment variables (e.g. PERL_CPANM_OPT or perl's own PERL5OPT ) and configuration files (e.g. /etc/wgetrc or dzil.ini ). These alternative ways are used when command-line arguments are less appropriate, e.g. when there are lots of options which would make inputting them all to command-line arguments cumbersome or tedious. Another case is when the option contains something sensitive like login name/password, which when specified via command-line makes it easily peekable by other users via a simple `ps ax`.
Environment variables with name like FOO_OPT usually just extend the command-line arguments. You can put command-line options here like you would into command-line arguments. If you use configuration files there's the additional issue of what format to write the configuration in, and which locations to search the configuration files in. A simple choice is to also assume the configuration files to contain just a bunch of command-line options, separable by newlines. This way, you don't have to invent a new format or create additional mapping between configuration parameters and command-line options. This method is used by various programs large and small, such as: curl, or mplayer and mpv.
If you use perl and Getopt::Long (or a Getopt::Long wrapper like Getopt::Long::Descriptive) you can use Getopt::ArgvFile to add this config file reading capability.
Getopt::ArgvFile is a module first released by Jochen Stenzel (JSTENZEL) in 1999 (but the copyright message hints that it was first written in 1993). Last update is in 2007. It currently has 20 CPAN distributions depending on it, and looks like Barbie (BARBIE) and Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT) are two of its prominent users. The module seems to be well received by the community, if judging from its CPAN Ratings reviews.
phase rel dist author dist_version req_version
runtime requires Bencher-Scenario-GetoptModules PERLANCAR 0.04 0
runtime requires CPAN-Testers-Data-Generator BARBIE 1.21 0
runtime requires CPAN-Testers-Data-Uploads-Mailer BARBIE 0.06 0
runtime requires CPAN-Testers-WWW-Development BARBIE 2.11 0
runtime requires CPAN-Testers-WWW-Reports-Mailer BARBIE 0.37 0
runtime requires CPAN-Testers-WWW-Statistics BARBIE 1.21 0
runtime requires CPAN-Testers-WWW-Statistics-Excel BARBIE 0.06 0
runtime requires Dist-Inktly-Minty TOBYINK 0.002 0
runtime requires Graphics-Colourset RUBYKAT 0.02 1.09
runtime requires Module-DevAid RUBYKAT 0.24 1.1
runtime requires Module-Package-RDF TOBYINK 0.014 0
runtime requires PAR-Packer RSCHUPP 1.035 1.07
runtime requires PerlPoint-Converters LDOMKE 1.0205 1.01
runtime requires Pod-PerlPoint JSTENZEL 0.06 1.06
runtime requires SQLite-Work RUBYKAT 0.1601 0
runtime requires Tie-FieldVals RUBYKAT 0.6203 1.08
runtime requires X11-Muralis RUBYKAT 0.1002 0
runtime requires html2dbk RUBYKAT 0.0301 1.09
runtime requires khatgallery RUBYKAT 0.03 1.09
runtime requires pod2pdf JONALLEN 0.42 0
As previously stated, this module is not an option parsing module or a Getopt::Long wrapper, but its companion instead. To use it, you put:
use Getopt::ArgvFile;
before:
use Getopt::Long; GetOptions(...);
This will make Getopt::ArgvFile scan for @-prefixed arguments like @myapp.conf
in command-line arguments and put the command-line options found in the contents of myapp.conf file into @ARGV . By the time GetOptions() is run, it sees the command-line options from the config file myapp.conf already inserted into @ARGV . Example, if myapp.conf contains:
–opt1=foo –opt2=bar
# a comment
–opt3=baz
–opt3 qux
Then this command-line arguments:
% myapp @myapp.conf –opt1 quux –no-opt4
will produce this @ARGV :
["--opt1=foo", "--opt2=bar", "--opt3=baz", "--opt3", "qux", "--opt1", "quux", "--no-opt4"]
The config file can contain shell-style comment ( # blah ) or even POD. It can contain another @file to include other files.
Since the @file syntax is not commonly used, you can also configure Getopt::ArgvFile to scan for a special option to specify config file instead (like –config , as commonly used by many programs).
Getopt::ArgvFile can also be instructed to look for config files in some common locations like the script's path (using import option default => 1 ), home directory ( home => 1 ), or current directory ( current => 1 ). The config file name can be configured too, with multiple names if necessary.
In short, Getopt::ArgvFile is a quick and convenient way to add config file reading support to your application, but the following are some comments about the module:
First, when a specified config file cannot be read (permission denied, etc), there is no warning or error message whatsoever. This is my main complaint.
There is no equivalent for –no-config special option to disable config file reading. Adding this option to GetOptions is also problematic, as Getopt::ArgvFile works before Getopt::Long. But if you use autohelp/autousage like Getopt::Long::Descriptive, you might want to add –config and –no-config too so they are documented.
The separated two-step approach also comes with its problem. For example, if you specify a command-line option –foo @bar , wanting the foo option to contain the value @bar , you can't because @bar will already have been stripped by Getopt::ArgvFile.
The default settings show the module's age. Finding config files in script path ( default => 1 ) or current directory ( current => 1 ) is not considered proper nowadays. There is also currently no way to disable parsing of – and +
option prefixes (like -config or +config ) by Getopt::ArgvFile, although this can be implemented pretty trivially, e.g. by looking at Getopt::Long's configuration (but this requires Getopt::Long to be loaded first).
All these considerations make me prefer something more integrated, like Perinci::CmdLine or App::Options (although those two modules happen to use configuration files in INI/INI-like format instead of raw command-line options).
Advertisements
Crime (Photo: azcentral)
A local paramedic is accused of stealing a patient's $10,000 Rolex watch and later selling it on eBay, according to court documents.
Jason Edward Alexander, 32, was one of two Rural/Metro paramedics that transported a man wearing the 1969 Rolex Submariner to Banner Baywood Hospital in Mesa on Sept. 21, court documents said.
Records say the watch was taken off the patient and placed in an "unsecured" location. There was no documentation of the man being checked into the hospital with the watch.
The man died on Oct. 8 and left the watch to his son, who immediately began looking for it online. He called authorities after finding that the Rolex had been sold on eBay on Oct. 14, documents said.
Police say they identified Alexander as the watch seller on eBay. When detectives confronted him about it, Alexander said he found the watch and put it in his pocket the day of the transport without notifying his partner.
He also admitted to selling the watch to a friend for $1,400 on eBay, documents said.
Alexander is facing one count of theft and traffic of stolen property, according to records.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1uvLmk6
Wedding Cake Baker Finds Fault With Mississippi's Religious Objections Law
The law allows individuals and groups to refuse services to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, if it violates their religious beliefs. Renee Montagne talks to baker Mitchell Moore.
RENEE MONTAGNE, HOST:
Protecting bakers from having to make wedding cakes for same-sex couples has been a common justification for religious freedom bills, and that's true in Mississippi. Yesterday, Gov. Phil Bryant signed a bill into law that allows religious organizations, individuals and businesses to refuse their services to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people if they feel offering such services violates their religious beliefs. As it happens, many of Mississippi's business owners object to the new law, among them, bakery owner Mitchell Moore, who was born and raised in Mississippi and now lives in Jackson with his wife and young family. We reached him at one of his bakeries. Good morning.
MITCHELL MOORE: Good morning.
MONTAGNE: As a baker, this bill would allow you to refuse service to people you don't want to bake for. Have you ever felt forced to bake for clients that you didn't want to serve?
MOORE: No, no that is not a problem. I am here to bake cakes and to sell those cakes. I'm not here to decide arbitrarily who deserves my cake and who doesn't. That's not what I do. That's not my job.
MONTAGNE: Have you heard from others that they do have these objections?
MOORE: Not to my knowledge, no. Everyone that I know in the greater, say, wedding-service industry - we're here to serve. The public's made up of a lot of people. I don't have to agree with what they do. I don't have to support them. I serve them.
MONTAGNE: Well, I do gather that you are a Republican. But you oppose this bill. So what are your particular objections, other than it sounds like you don't think it's needed?
MOORE: So leaving aside the stupidity of passing it because it decriminalizes discrimination - which, that really is kind of the biggest issue - but I can actually say I think the law of unintended consequences is going to come back to bite the people who signed this bill. If it is my sincerely held religious belief that I shouldn't serve them, then I can do that. And I can hide behind that language. But that language is so vague it opens a Pandora's box. And you can't shut it again.
MONTAGNE: Well, do you consider yourself a religious person or would you...
MOORE: Yes.
MONTAGNE: ...consider that maybe you don't understand what it means to have a deeply held religious belief?
MOORE: I don't think that there is such a thing as a deeply held religious belief that you should not serve people. There is no sincerely held religious belief to think that I am better than other people - to think that my sin is different than other people. And so I am a deeply Christian man, and those go counter to my belief system.
MONTAGNE: Why do you think your state elected officials, who presumably think they're looking out for the best interests of exactly people like you - why do you think that they passed this bill?
MOORE: The assumption that they think that they're looking out for us - that's not what they are doing. A report just came out. We rank number one - our state government is the most dependent on federal money. We are the third most obese state. We rank at the bottom in unemployment, in education. We've got crumbling infrastructure. None of them are being tackled. Instead, we are passing, hey-let's-discriminate bills.
MONTAGNE: Coming from Mississippi, do you have concerns that this bill reflects on your state in a way that you wouldn't like it to be seen?
MOORE: Yeah - Mississippi is an amazing place. And it's filled with amazing people. But if you aren't from here, if you don't know that, you're going to choose to not come here because of bills like this - because you see the state government as taking no action on hundreds of other priorities and taking action instead on trying to solve a problem that doesn't exist. It boggles my mind.
MONTAGNE: Well, thank you for sharing this with us.
MOORE: Certainly - you're welcome.
MONTAGNE: Mitchell Moore is a baker, and he owns Campbell's Bakery in Jackson, Miss.
Copyright © 2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Revision History
January 15, 2017: Added info about existing similar work in the intro section
January 11, 2017: Added info about the first demo clip
January 8, 2017: Added section with reference material, including similar projects
January 4, 2017: Initial version
Author: Adam Podstawczyński. Feel free to use any materials in this tutorial, please send me an email if you find it useful :)
key64tapper – Commodore 64 Keyboard Emulator
This project emulates the keyboard of Commodore 64. It allows one to send a string of characters, or interactively type in characters, from a PC/Mac/Linux computer, and have it displayed on the C64 screen.
The project is just another take on microcontroller + crosspoint switch + keyboard combination. When I built it, I was convinced nobody had had that idea before, but when I announced it I was made aware that I was not the first! Similar project are listed in the Reference Material section.
How it Works
A Python script on the computer accepts text to type in various forms (e.g. interactively typed-in, from command line, redirected from other command). The script maps the text to keys or key combinations, and then as another step maps those to 6-bit binary codes. Then the codes are passed via the serial interface (here USB) to the Arduino microcontroller. A listening program on the Arduino accepts the codes and sends them as 6-bit addresses to the write-only memory of an 8x8 crosspoint switch (MT8808), along with 1-bit data. A 6-bit address + 1-bit data are equivalent to "a specific key on" or "a specific key off" command. The command is latched in the crosspoint switch using a strobe signal which results in a particular column pin being shorted with a particular row pin, i.e. effectively pressing a specific key on C64. In case of key combinations, 2 or more such address/data "words" are latched. The Restore key which is activated by connecting to ground needs a separate handling using a transistor.
Possible Uses
Test the C64 keyboard interface from PC
Build a key macro and "play" it on C64 for demonstration purposes
Quickly input a long BASIC listing, e.g. type it in favorite editor, then send to C64
Use your favorite keyboard as C64 input (via interactive mode)
Features / Work in Progress
Entirely hardware-based emulation (i.e. it behaves as if someone was typing on the physical keyboard of a C64) ( done )
) Any key combinations supported, including combinations with Restore key (Restore key implemented on hardware side as a separate address line and switched with a transistor, but not supported by code yet)
Multiple ways of sending keys to press: raw keys ( done ), pre-typed text in batch mode ( done ), pipe from a different command ( work in progress ), or interactive typing on a keyboard ( done )
), pre-typed text in batch mode ( ), pipe from a different command ( ), or interactive typing on a keyboard ( ) Potential macro functionality possible, e.g. timed keystrokes, delays, loops ( work in progress )
) Platform-independent script on computer side (Python script tested on a Mac, should work on Windows/Linux) ( done )
) Concepts of momentary pressing a key ( done ) and holding a key ( work in progress )
Demo
Pre-typed Text Passed as Command Line Option
(This is an older version without the Restore transistor. Also, I mistyped mt8808 as mt8088 in the clip.)
Interactive Mode
Hardware
What You Need
A computer. This was tested on a Mac, but any Linux/Windows with Python installation should work too.
Any working Commodore 64 main board. Bare board is fine, no need for a case or keyboard.
Any modern Arduino board. I used Arduino Mega 2560, but this is an overkill -- the total of 10 digital output pins are needed, and the compiled code doesn't take up much memory (currently ~5KB), so I believe even the tiny Arduino Nano should do.
MT8808ae crosspoint switch in DIP package (PLCC package only if you want to use surface mounting).
An NPN transistor. I used BC547B.
A 10kΩ resistor. 1kΩ should work too.
A breadboard. Of course, you can build and use a PCB instead if you wish.
Single row pin male/female connectors to make the connections neater (but connecting wires directly works too).
Approx. 35 patch wires, including 20 with male-female connectors and 15 with male-male connectors. If the male-female and male-male are packaged as ribbon/tape cables, that's even better; otherwise we end up with a cobweb of wires.
A USB cable for connecting the Arduino to the PC.
Connections
Make the following connections. If you want to use different digital pins on the Arduino, remember to adjust the numbers in the code later.
Software
The Python script and Arduino code are currently incomplete, and have been written quickly to prove the concept. Use at your risk and expect many issues: download from github. More solid version will need some time to complete -- stay tuned.
Reference Material
Similar Projects
After completing the first working prototype and announcing it on the Lemon C64 forum, I was advised of similar projects undertaken in the past (see below). All of them, however, are meant for connecting a PS/2 keyboard to C64 (either directly or via Arduino). The idea behind the project described here is to give control over C64 keyboard to the computer which opens more possibilities.
C64 PS2-USB Keyboard -- connecting a keyboard (not a computer) to Arduino; their idea is to put the entire keyboard mapping code to Arduino memory which is a different approach (in the project described here Arduino simply passes the signals and takes care of timings while all mapping is done on computer).
http://cbm.ficicilar.name.tr/uncorrected/basicv2/basv2.html -- another project for using a PC keyboard directly with C64 (no Arduino)
A hardware module for the same purpose as the above 2 projects (connecting a keyboard to C64)
A Lemon Forum thread on the above projects
A forum64.de discussion on projects similar to the above
Key/Pin/Signal Mapping
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Steven Caulker today praised Andre Villas-Boas for giving Tottenham's home-grown players the first-team chances he believes they were rarely granted in the past.
Caulker has been impressive since returning to Spurs from a season-long loan spell at Swansea.
The absence of Younes Kaboul and Benoit Assou-Ekotto opened the door for the centre-back and he has started the last four games, while winger Andros Townsend, who never played in the Premier League under Harry Redknapp, has made three substitute appearances in the current campaign.
“It's important for a player to know that if you're training well and playing well, you'll be in the team,” he said. “It's not nice when there are favourites. I think the manager has brought that in and I am happy.
“He has brought a few youngsters in, myself included, and he has pushed us forward. There's a good mood in the camp and I hope that continues.
“The main thing for me is that I'm now going into the international break having played a few games for the team. I have a couple of big games coming up for the England Under-21s against Serbia and I am confident we can get two wins.”
Caulker's first goal for the club — when Jermain Defoe's inaccurate shot hit him and flew into the net in the 58th minute — provided the platform for Tottenham to defeat Aston Villa yesterday and claim their fourth consecutive Premier League victory. Aaron Lennon scored the second goal 11 minutes later.
Villas-Boas gave goalkeeper Hugo Lloris his first League start since joining the club from Lyon for £12million in the summer.
Lloris's inclusion ended Brad Friedel's run of 310 successive appearances in the Premier League.
The France international had played only in the Europa League this season but after demoting Friedel, Villas-Boas hinted that the American might be brought back for Spurs's next game, at home against Chelsea on October 20.
“Brad was disappointed but as a great professional, he accepted the decision,” said the Portuguese. “We respect his performances a lot and I'm sure he'll be back soon.”
Emmanuel Adebayor was impressive as a second-half replacement for Defoe and will challenge strongly for a place in the starting XI when Villas-Boas's former club arrive at White Hart Lane.
Yet the most intriguing element of the build-up to the Chelsea match is likely to involve the goalkeepers.
Both Friedel and Lloris — despite his mistake early in the second half that nearly handed Villa the opening goal — have looked secure and Caulker revealed Lloris is already able to communicate effectively with his defence.
“Hugo is learning English and he is coming along well,” said Caulker.
Top leaders of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (HOGR) want to know if President Donald Trump is deleting tweets that are presidential records, which would violate the Presidential Records Act (PRA).
Chairman Utah Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz and Ranking Minority Member Elijah Cummings, a Maryland Democrat, asked White House Counsel Donald McGahn in a letter Thursday for details on the archiving of Trump's tweets and other White House records. The letter comes on the heels of news reports that Trump deleted some tweets.
“Many of the messages sent from [President Trump's Twitter] accounts are likely to be presidential records and therefore must be preserved,” the letter said. “It has been reported, however, that President Trump has deleted tweets, and if those tweets were not archived it could pose a violation of the Presidential Records Act.”
Trump on March 3, for instance, tweeted his demands for a federal investigation into New York Sen. Chuck Schumer's interactions with Russians, but misspelled “hereby” twice, and deleted those two tweets, before posting a third tweet with the correct spelling. The PRA defines which records qualify as presidential as they have administrative, historical, informational or evidentiary value.
The congressmen also wrote 55 federal agencies Thursday, demanding details on how they are following the Federal Records Act (FRA). Recent news reports found federal employees are using encrypted messaging apps to thwart Trump. (RELATED: Did The EPA Intentionally Delete Texts?)
Chaffetz and Cummings asked for the following records from the White House:
The names of any White House staff members who have used alias email accounts
All White House policies related to retention of electronic communications
A detailed account of any PRA training at the White House
A detailed account of the system the White House is using to archive emails
They also asked for the following records from 55 agencies:
Names of any senior agency officials who have used an alias email account
All agency policies related to the use of non-official messaging accounts
All policies currently in place to ensure the preservation of all created federal records
Follow Kathryn on Twitter
Send tips to katie@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
The Federal Communications Commission is weighing whether to ban TV stations from saying the name of Washington's football team.
A law professor filed a petition with the agency earlier this month, claiming that the name “Redskins” violates federal rules barring any indecent content on broadcast television.
At a press conference Tuesday, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said he is reviewing the filing.
“We will be dealing with that issue on the merits, and we will be responding accordingly,” Wheeler said.
The FCC chief said he personally finds the term offensive and urged the team to change the name. But he didn't say whether he thinks it is illegal.
“There are a lot of names and descriptions that were used for a time that are inappropriate today,” he said. “I think the name that is attributed to the Washington football club is one of those.”
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
By: Rachel Pulaski
A hot dog vendor at a Ferguson Home Depot was robbed of his cellphone and struck in the head with a hammer by four shoplifters. The incident occurred around 3 p.m on Wednesday. The Home Depot is located in St. Louis County at the 10900 block of New Halls Ferry Road. According the CBS St Louis, “the suspects are black men in their early 20s. Two of the suspects were wearing white t-shirts, one had a plaid shirt. The fourth was wearing a blue shirt and had his right arm in a cast.”
KMOV St Louis reported:
Authorities said the hot dog vendor was standing at the front entrance of the Home Depot in the 10900 block of New Halls Ferry Rd. around 3 p.m. when four shoplifters walked by and swiped his cell phone.
Police said the vendor chased them out of the store, but was struck in the head with a hammer one of the suspects had stolen. The suspects then got in a car and drove away.
The bloodied victim was transported to the hospital with serious injuries.
Authorities were looking at surveillance video to help identify the suspects.
Activists set a police car alight and scuffled with riot police in central London as thousands took part in a "A Million Mask March" anti-capitalist demonstration on Thursday night.
Many activists wore the white masks associated with the international Anonymous network at the march, an annual anti-establishment protest that takes place on Britain's Guy Fawkes Night.
Demonstrators threw fireworks and bottles at police, some of whom were knocked from their horses, while several bleeding protesters were treated for injuries as authorities tried to contain the march.
Police said 28 people were arrested for public order offences and that three injured officers had been taken to hospital.
Protesters chanted "One solution: revolution" and "Whose streets? Our streets" and split into different factions, confronting lines of police outside Buckingham Palace and the office of Prime Minister David Cameron.
Some demonstrators ran through London's major shopping district around Oxford Street, smashing windows and engaging in running scuffles with police as shops closed their doors.
One protester who emerged from the crowd with blood pouring from his head close to the headquarters of the ruling Conservative party said he had been caught between a surge of demonstrators and police batons.
"I was at the front, I was chatting with the officers asking them what their agenda was and why they were trying to stop us walking down the street," said Terry Small, 20, from the southern English city of Plymouth.
"I got pushed in the back by people trying to move forward... I couldn't move."
One group of activists gathered outside the British premiere of the finale of the "Hunger Games" in Leicester Square, as stars Jennifer Lawrence and Julianne Moore walked the red carpet.
Mexican anarchist Aztecarna Peatonito said the march was a protest against inequality and that wearing the white masks of Guy Fawkes, the man who plotted to blow up parliament in 1605, helped promote their cause.
"We tried for six years to get the press to take us seriously. It is only when we wore the masks that we started getting attention," Peatonito said. "Anyone who is violent is not with us."
Police had put in place special security measures ahead of the march, which also saw scuffles and arrests last year, and formed cordons surrounding two groups of marchers in Trafalgar Square and outside parliament.
Under the measures, demonstrators were to be confined to certain areas of central London and were required to remove their masks if asked by police and to disperse by 2100 GMT.
Three men "acting suspiciously" were arrested before the demonstration got under way, and were found to be in possession of knives, lock picks and smoke grenades, police said.
A six-month investigation into a prostitution ring in Irvine led to the arrest of several people and the closure of three businesses.
Back in February, detectives got a tip about suspicious activity and high foot traffic through a business on Technology Drive in Irvine called Dexter Company, which was licensed as a medical supply store.
Investigators uncovered a massage-parlor type setup, where they say 60-year-old Soon Keun Kim served as the "madame."
Authorities said Kim was running three separate prostitution businesses in Irvine, including the Technology Drive storefront. Additional arrests were made at the two other locations, which were on Skypark Circle, also in Irvine.
Kim was booked into the Orange County Jail on pimping and pandering charges and held on $35,000 bail.
Also taken into custody were: Chong Suk Yi, 59, who was arrested for supervising a house of ill repute and was cited and released; Mee Hwa Shing, 52, who was arrested for prostitution and was cited and released; Stephen Warner Marsden, 59, who was arrested for solicitation and was cited and released; In Sook Kim, 47, who was arrested for identity theft and was being held on $20,000 bail; Eun Young Park, 40, who was arrested for giving false identification to a peace officer and was being held with no bail.
T-Mobile is set to launch a new Samsung promo in which it aims to tempt customers to buy a new Galaxy flagship smartphone and a tablet together. The company sent out communications to staff earlier this morning stating that customers buying a qualifying Samsung phone and tablet together will get a $100 T-Mobile Prepaid MasterCard. The deal is good across all channels from May 13.
Handsets included in the deal are the Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy Note Edge. The tablets eligible will be the Galaxy Tab S and the Galaxy Tab 4.
As you'd expect there are a few terms and caveats to wade through. Customers won't have to buy both devices on the same day, but they will need to buy them both on EIP and make the second purchase within 30 days of the first. The second device also has to be upgraded or activated on a postpaid rate plan. This could include the “Best Tablet Plan in Wireless”/match your phone data tablet plan. Both devices have to be active and with payments up to date when the $100 rebate is processed in order to get the Prepaid MasterCard.
Once all those criteria have been met by the customer, they mail their receipts off and should expect to receive their $100 prepaid card back within 8 weeks of the second device receipt being accepted.
I'll be interested to see how many people sign up for this offer, given the fact that customers will effectively have to sign up for two EIPs and have two plans running, just to get $100 back in a couple of months, on a prepaid card. Maybe I'm just cynical, and maybe this is an awesome offer. But considering it only includes the most expensive Samsung phones, I'm not seeing it as being of tremendous value. What do you think? Are you in the market for a new Samsung phone and tablet?
This item ships within 2 business days.
Continuing in the tradition of CORALINE & PARANORMAN, Mondo is honored to present the soundtrack to Laika's third animated gem: THE BOXTROLLS. Composed by Dario Marianelli, and featuring songs by Loch Lomond, the soundtrack perfectly captures the whimsical & frantic energy of the fictional world of Cheesebridge, where a human boy raised by trash-collecting trolls must stop a sinister exterminator from his selfish campaign to rid the town of the titular scavengers.
Available for the first time on vinyl and featuring amazing new artwork by Rich Kelly. Continue your Mondo / Laika collection with this amazing addition to our catalog.
Pressed on 180 Gram Vinyl. Choose between BoxTroll colored vinyl (Blue and Cream Vinyl with pink splatter) OR Cheese Wheel colored vinyl (Orange and Cream colored Vinyl - Limited to 500 Copies)
A site called <Potential Prostitutes allows anyone to anonymously upload any woman's photo and contact information, then publicly accuses them of prostitution. They demand $100 from each woman to take the listing off their site. If that's not extortion, I don't know what is.
The site lists alleged "convicted prostitutes" along with women who in theory have no criminal record whatsoever. Every entry includes the woman's photo, name and telephone number. This is so impossibly wrong at so many levels that my head is exploding in a big bang of swearing.
We tried the site submission system ourselves and, indeed, anyone can send any photo, add the name and contact information, and submit it. What's even worse: the uploader doesn't have to provide any contact information whatsoever. There's zero accountability for the dickhead who does this. This means that any butthurt douchebag may be able to defame his ex-girlfriend or ex-wife.
The owners of the site are even proud of their methods:
Currently we operate based on the efforts from motivated members of their local community who have at one point or another come into contact with a potential prostitute online and feel they can be a threat. All of our offenders have been reported by local members who feel these offenders should be taught a lesson before their actions escalate.
Advertisement
"Motivated members"? "Offenders should be taught a lesson before their actions escalate"? I had to read that last sentence a few times to make sure these bigots are so openly self-righteous and hypocritical. Why hypocritical? Because if the "offender" pays $100, everything is forgiven. She is not longer a "sinner" and they take her file out of the site.
The site argues that the Communications Decency Act protects their actions. This is the same law that protects any site—like Facebook, Tumblr or Gizmodo—from any legal action in case any user posts anything that may break the law or attack a third party. The difference is that, if a user of one of these sites posts anything that can be legally prosecuted, the sites will immediately take the content down and collaborate with law enforcement and the victim to get the criminal.
Advertisement
In the case of this site, which is designed exclusively to shame women in the name of fake puritanism, they will demand $100 from the abuse victim before taking down the file.
And the thing doesn't stop there. Here's another paragraph from their site:
We've been saying it for a long time and proving it even longer, our operations are professional, effective and one of a kind. Thanks to our brave visitors for stepping forward to tell the world what it should already know, that exposing online prostitute discourages other potential offenders from doing the very same thing.
Advertisement
No, you are not professional. And yes, you are one of a kind: a bunch of hypocritical assholes, scum who is basically extorting women based on nothing but anonymous accusations along with publicly shaming prostitution victims.
Seriously, I can't wait for the feds to bury these people into the ground deep and hard, whoever they are. [The Daily Dot]
Arguably, the biggest challenge blockchain developers face is how to extend the capabilities of the system they are working on. The two usual ways to upgrade the protocol are commonly called a soft fork and a hard fork. Both suffer from serious drawbacks. In fact, the difficulty of upgrading the protocol is probably what led the block size scaling debate to end so poorly.
Hard forks
Hard forks ensure that the protocol is upgraded by changing the rules enforced on the blockchain from a given block extending forward. The rules can be changed in a completely arbitrary manner and generally changes can be significantly simpler.
However, a hard fork require everyone to upgrade prior to taking effect. This is a very costly operation and requires a fully unified ecosystem. As the size of the ecosystem grows, this becomes more and more expensive to the point of being prohibitive.
In addition, a hard fork can lead to a chain split, which is highly undesirable, especially for exchanges who need to protect themselves against replay and are at risk of losing a fair bit of money.
Soft forks
Soft forks have the benefit of not requiring everybody to upgrade at the same time. The trick is to add rules to part of the protocol that existing software will consider valid regardless.
Doing upgrades in such a way is significantly simpler, but has a significant drawback that it drastically limits the design space of the new features. This results in a higher level of complexity and sometimes tradeoffs that one would not usually accept if designing the system from scratch.
Extension points
Other protocols and file formats usually have what is referred to as extension points. An extension point is a part of the protocol left for future versions to define. For instance, the PDF format supports various extensions such as a form filling feature. Any PDF software that doesn't support this feature will be able to display the form and warn you about the fact that this PDF is using some feature it doesn't know about. More advanced PDF readers will be able to to provide you the form filling features.
For it to be successful, an extension to the protocol needs to provide a graceful degradation path. What do software that doesn't know bout the extension should do when encountering it ? Ideally, it needs to be able to do something that makes sense. It needs to degrade gracefully.
Extensible blockchain protocol
Creating an extensible blockchain protocol require it to have well defined extension points and a method to gracefully degrade them. Creating an extension point is in itself a hard fork, and therefore should be done as soon as possible in the life of a blockchain. In this article, let's assume we hard fork to change the output of a transaction to be made of a version field and a hash. The meaning of the hash is dependent of the value of the version field. The protocol can define a version for P2SH and for P2KH, and reserve all the remaining versions as extension points.
When a new feature is introduced in the protocol, a new version number can be used. The new software knows what this new version number means and how to validate its use. But what should old software do when an extension point it doesn't know about is used?
When encountering a version it doesn't know about in a transaction output, a node cannot decide if this transaction is valid or not. It can only verify that the transaction is using some feature that it doesn't know about. We already can ensure graceful degradation: the node can still check that the amounts in the inputs and outputs checks out and continue to maintain the UTXO set. It is, however, unable to validate that a TXO using a new version is appropriately spent.
In such a situation, the node can do a variety of things such as excluding itself from the network requesting its operator for an upgrade, simply continue to operate without validating these specific spend, or maybe chose an intermediary solution such as waiting for PoW to accumulate before accepting such a spend as valid.
Why are extension points superior to both hard and soft forks?
Extension points remove many of the design constraints associated with soft forks. A new feature can do whatever is desired provided it does not invalidate previous consensus rules. Upgrades need not conform to existing protocol rules, as an extension point can define new features in a way which can degrade gracefully. In addition, it provides a way to notify the rest of the network that new consensus rules are in effect, rather than fool old nodes as in the case of a soft fork. Every participant is aware that a new feature rolled out and can act accordingly.
In addition, extension point ensure that not everyone has to upgrade at once. It is possible for the old software to operate in SPV mode, exclusively for anything related to a new feature, while continuing to validate everything else properly. Extension points also ensure that a chain split will not occur.
How do extension points affect miners?
As far as miner are concerned, there is no such thing as a soft or hard fork. If they do not produce a block that the network will accept they are losing money. Miners are strongly incentivized to go with the flow, this is a feature of the network, which means they must upgrade on time.
As such, miner will want to activate a new extension point only when they are sure most of the network is ready to accept them. If they do not, then their blocks will become worthless and they will change their behavior accordingly.
On the other hand, using a PoW based acceptance is a very nice security feature for miners. This ensures that a miner who forgot to upgrade its software for some reason will cut its loss. Just like a security belt or an airbag, you sure hope you won't use it, but you are glad you have it.
Conclusion
Arthur and Molli Wagner's names are on two performance facilities at the University of California San Diego, but right now their minds are on what goes on inside those spaces.
Or, more accurately, what they're concerned might not be happening there soon.
Citing financial woes that could threaten students' ability to create and stage new work in the nationally renowned Department of Theatre and Dance, the Wagners are announcing a donation of $2.2 million.
The funds are the lead gift in a campaign to endow a self-sustaining Student Production Fund, with a goal of $7 million to ensure that student shows are supported years into the future.
The Wagners have agreed to chair the fundraising effort, but their devotion to UC San Diego theater goes back a lot further than that. Arthur Wagner is the founding chairman of the department, where he taught for nearly 20 years starting in 1972.
Since his retirement in 1991, Wagner, now 89, has continued to serve as mentor and inspiration to UC San Diego students as well as theater artists all over San Diego.
This won't be the first time the Wagners have stepped up to aid the department: Past gifts have supported graduate fellowships and a faculty chair in acting, as well as the construction of the Molli and Arthur Wagner Dance Building. (An existing performance space also was renamed the Arthur Wagner Theatre in 2008 to honor his service to the university.)
As to what spurred the latest contribution, the ex-chairman had a simple answer:
“Fear,” said Wagner. “Fear for the department.”
The issue is that both the primary sources of funding for the physical aspects of productions — sets, lighting and costumes — have been drying up.
The university's contribution to the $350,000 annual production budget has dwindled to almost nothing because of broader funding cuts. In the meantime, a long-standing grant from the late Mandell Weiss, a major benefactor whose name is on two of La Jolla Playhouse's theaters, is now in its last year.
(The Department of Theatre and Dance and the nonprofit Playhouse share facilities and staff, although each is independent of the other.)
It's a key crossroads for a department that has produced a long list of theater luminaries and prides itself on being regarded as one of the top three theater-training programs in the nation, alongside those of Yale and New York University.
Wagner recalls that for a number of years after he arrived, the department had no design programs, mainly because student work was done in a “dinky little theater” that offered little to those interested in learning about lighting, sets and other elements.
Now, with the well-equipped spaces the department shares with the Playhouse, designers have access to the kinds of artistic canvasses rarely afforded students.
Yet with the funding difficulties, says Wagner, “we have these three theater facilities that, without the kinds of (physical) productions we do, make them moot. So there's a lot of urgency.”
The Bronx-born Wagner has never had a problem with rolling up his sleeves and getting things done. Before coming to UC San Diego, the onetime shoe salesman founded actor-training programs at three other universities. When he started building the department alongside such directors as Michael Addison and (later) Alan Schneider, the talk was that the number of faculty “maybe would grow to seven. We had four that year. Of course, we're over 30 full-time faculty now.”
Jim Carmody, the department's current chairman, says the Wagners still “come to see everything — they know all the students individually. Arthur remembers practically everyone's name, going back 40 years. And he comes and encourages them all. He talks to the actors all the time. He comes every single year to meet the new students. So that's pretty important — you have a founding chairman who's still engaged with the department.”
What Wagner “keeps alive” for UC San Diego theater, Carmody adds, is “that pioneering tradition, that sense of UCSD always wanting to be on the edge.”
The Wagners, who've been married nearly 60 years (Molli is a former flight attendant and pharmacist), credit their friends Irwin and Joan Jacobs both for guiding their sense of philanthropy and, in a certain way, making it possible.
Back in the 1980s, the couple was among a group of friends invited to invest in Qualcomm, Irwin Jacobs' then-new company. (Jacobs had been a professor at UC San Diego when Wagner arrived.)
“It changed our lives,” Wagner says. “And of course, the Jacobses are the inspiration for our giving.
“They know how to do it.”
One thousand nine hundred years ago on this day, only two weeks after Hadrian's proclamation in Antioch, the new prefect of Egypt (Praefectus Aegypi), Quintus Rammius Martialis, addressed a circular letter to the strategoi of the Egyptian districts (nomes) announcing the imperial accession of Hadrian and instructing them to declare festivities for ten days.
The document, written in Greek, has been preserved on papyrus (POxy 55.3781). It comes from the Oxyrhynchus Papyri Collection which comprises the papyrus texts excavated by two young Oxford scholars, Bernard Grenfell and Arthur Hunt, in the rubbish dumps outside the Graeco-Egyptian town of Oxyrhynchus in central Egypt in the late 19th and early 20th century. The manuscripts, dating from the 3rd century BC to the 7th century AD, include texts with information about the daily life and the economic affairs of the town as well as a large collection of literary works in Greek and a few in Latin. They were then brought to England and deposited in Oxford. The Egypt Exploration Society owns more than 500,000 papyrus fragments from this site which are now housed in the Sackler Library in Oxford. It is the biggest hoard of classical manuscripts in the world. After more than 100 years since their discovery, the Oxyrhynchus Papyri continue to be reconstructed from fragments and translated at Oxford University.
The ancient city of Oxyrhynchus lays on the west bank of the Bahr Yusuf (Canal of Joseph), a branch of the Nile that flows north along the western edge of the middle Nile valley. In ancient Egyptian times the town was the capital of the 19th Upper Egyptian nome 𓉋 (province) and it first appeared in hieroglyphic sources during the 25th Dynasty, or Nubian period, under its Pharaonic name Per-Medjed. After the conquest of Egypt by Alexander the Great in 332 BC, the city attracted a large number of Greek colonists who gave it the name Oxyrhynchus. Its Greek name came from the ‘sharp-nosed' fish (Greek: oxurhunchos) which was the patron deity of the nome. In the Roman and Byzantine periods the city of Oxyrhynchus occupied an area at least 2 km long and 1.5 km wide and was adorned with fine stone public buildings (hippodrome, baths, temples), a theatre and colonnaded streets. Its population is estimated to have been around 30,000 inhabitants.
The papyri in question is dated year “1 of Hadrian”, “2nd intercalary day” of the Egyptian month of Mesore (Alexandrian calendar), that is August 25 AD 117. The message was intended to circulate up the Nile from Alexandria to the strategoi (generals) of the Egyptian nomes, communicating instructions for the announcement of the imperial accession of Hadrian and the subsequent celebrations.
English translation of P.Oxy. 55 3781 (by J. R. Rea. 1988): Rammius Martialis to [the strategoi] of districts, greetings. With an eye to the well-being of all mankind – Know that he has taken up the leadership from the god his father: Imperator Caesar Traianus Hadrianus Optimus Augustus Germanicus Dacicus Parthicus. Vow[ing] (sacrifices) therefore to all the gods that his age-long permanence may be preserved for us, we shall wear garlands for ten days. This very thing you shall make known to the dis[trict]s under your charge. Year 1, Mesore 2nd intercalary day. (Of the) Letopolite, Memphi[te, Arsinoite,] Aphroditopolite, Heracleopolite, Oxyrhynchite, the Oasis of the Heptanomia, Cynopolite, [Herm]opolite . . .
The date of the letter demonstrates that the announcement of Hadrian's accession was rapidly transmitted to Egypt, even before the news had reached the Senate in Rome. There was great social and economic distress in the country as a result of the Jewish uprising that had ravaged Alexandria and other parts of Egypt. Hadrian had to act quickly to restore peace and order in a city and country of prime importance. The date also says a lot about his immediate decision to replace Trajan's legate M. Rutilius Lupus with his own man Quintus Rammius Martialis who, as A. Birley notes, must surely «have been in the East with Hadrian».
As the new Praefectus Aegyti, Martialis probably travelled from Antioch to Alexandria, perhaps by sea, with Hadrian's friend, the Greek intellectual Valerius Eudaemon. The Historia Augusta tells us that Eudaemon, who was with Hadrian in Antioch at the moment of his accession as an «accomplice in obtaining the imperial power» (conscius imperii), was then dispatched to Alexandria as procurator Augusti ad dioecesin Alexandreae, in charge of the finances of the district of Alexandria. They probably came with the letter of dismissal for the Prefect Rutilius Lupus.
The document also mentions the full titulare of Hadrian on his accession: Imperator Caesar Augustus Traianus Hadrianus Optimus Germanicus Dacicus Parthicus.
Another paryrus, from the archives of the Temple of Soknopaiu Nesos (stud.pal.22.183) and also dated to the first Egyptian regnal year of Hadrian (11-28 August 117), lists provisions and expenses for the celebration of a festival to Hadrian (Ἁδριανῷ η γάμοις) called ‘Hadrian's days' (ἡμέραις Ἁδριανῷ).
Livia Capponi, in her paper Hadrian in Jerusalem and Alexandria in 117 (2010), suggests that this document «refers to the 10-day festival in honour of Hadrian that was ordered in the edict of Rammius Martialis of August 25, 117». Probably related to this festival is another fascinating papyrus dated to the same period, a libretto fragment known as P.Giss. 3. The well-preserved text, belonging to the archives of the strategist Apollonios, contains part of a dramatic performance between Apollo and the responding voice of the people. The poem was composed for the festivities at Heptakomia, the metropolis of the Egyptian nome Apollonopolites (modern-day Kom Isfaht). The god Apollo praises Trajan who has just become divine and his successor Hadrian and declares (translation of J.P. Alexander, 1938): «Having just mounted aloft with Trajan's in my chariot of white horses, I come to you, oh people, I, Phoebus [Apollo] by no means an unknown god, to proclaim the new ruler Hadrian, who all things serve on account of his virtue and the genius of his divine father». The people respond by rejoicing: “Let us make merry, let us kindle our heart in sacrifice, let us surrender our souls to laughter». It seems that Apollonios of Heptakomia was responsible for the organisation of the celebrations.
Apollonios is known to have served as a strategos (head of the civil administration) of the district Apollonopolis and was active at the time a revolt of the Jews took place in Egypt and when Hadrian succeeded Trajan as emperor. His archives which included numerous official and private papers have been preserved. Apollonius had a regular correspondence with his hometown Hermopolis where his wife Aline, his daughter Heraidous and his mother Eudaimonis lived. The documents shed some light on the uprising of the Jewish diaspora in Egypt and the impact of this war on the local population of the country in AD 116 and 117.
Livia Capponi also advances the hypothesis of a visit of Hadrian to Alexandria soon after his accession. In her opinion there is literary and especially papyrological evidence to support the emperor's presence in Egypt in 117, including documents referring to Hadrian's edicts and benefactions in favour of the Egyptian farmers and other categories of the local population. This was first suggested by W.D. Gray in his paper New Light from Egypt on the Early Reign of Hadrian (1923) who believed that the «Jewish war would have summoned Hadrian to Egypt, as the menace from the Roxolani summoned him later (118) to the Danube frontier». The literary evidence comes from the 4th century theologian and historian Jerome who, in his Chronicle (a translation into Latin of the Chronicon of Eusebius), mentions that Hadrian restored Alexandria after its destruction by the Jews (Adrianus Alexandriam a Judaeis subversam restauravit – Chron.197) as well as from Epiphanius' reference to a journey made by Hadrian in Palestine and Egypt in his first year in power.
Hadrian appears to have played a major role in the restoration work of the buildings damaged during the revolt which had begun in AD 115. The Jews destroyed many pagan monuments and buildings, including possibly parts of the Alexandrian Serapeum and Hadrian personally ordered the restoration of the Egyptian buildings. For this reason Hadrian was hailed as “saviour” and “benefactor” both in Egypt and in Cyrenaica. The widespread destruction of Cyrenaica is well attested by epigraphical and archaeological evidence. Cyrene itself was extensively rebuilt during the reign of Hadrian and some of the work was specifically associated with the tumultu Iudaicus. —
On a Oxyrhynchite papyrus dated to 19 November AD 117 (SB 14.11958), Herakleides, the former gymnasiarch of Oxyrhynchus, lists the expenses incurred for the works on the temple of Artemis and states that its reconstruction began on Thoth 27 of the Year Two of Hadrian, that is 24 September 117. Other papyri, all from Apollonios' archives at Heptakomia and dated to November 117 to January 118, demonstrate that before the end of October 117 Hadrian personally issued a series of decrees aimed at rescuing the Egyptian farmers from economic insecurity. The effect of the Jewish war upon agricultural conditions in the “granary of the Empire” necessitated a number of important measures.
In P.Giss. 7, dated September 28 – October 27, Hadrian is said to have «lightened the burden of the inhabitants of the land». In P.Giss. 4 Hadrian, «along with other benefits he had conferred, had decreed that the different classes of domain land are to be taxed in accordance with their value and not according to the old decree». The new measures allowed the farmers to obtain a reduction in the price of their leases and taxes. All these decrees were very complicated, involving different classes of land (royal, state and crown) and different degrees of fertility. For this reason, both L. Capponi and W.D. Gray believe that Hadrian probably passed the edicts in person, and from Egypt. As Capponi puts it «by visiting Alexandria, perhaps Hadrian aimed to legitimise his accession to the imperial throne». Attractive as this sounds, it cannot be supported with firm evidence.
In the Museum at Alexandria he propounded many questions to the teachers and answered himself what he had propounded. HA Had. 20.2
For sure, Alexandria would have appealed to Hadrian. The Egyptian capital had long been the cultural heart of the Eastern Mediterranean, famous for philosophy and theoric, science and medicine, literature and poetry. What is certain however is that Hadrian was in Alexandria in AD 130. He visited the Tomb of Pompey, whose monument he restored and he also debated in the Museum (sanctuary of the Muses). He fostered the development of the Serapeum, Alexandria's most important sanctuary, by inaugurating new architectural projects. In the enclosure of the temple of Serapis, fragments of a statue were found of a black Apis bull which Hadrian dedicated «to Serapis and the other gods whorshipped together in the same temple».
Sources & references:
Rea J. R.: The Oxyrhynchus Papyri, Vol. LV. Edited with Translations and Notes. (Graeco-Roman Memoirs, 75.) Pp. xii 259; 8 plates. London: Egypt Exploration Society, for the British Academy, 1988.
Livia Capponi, Hadrian in Jerusalem and Alexandria in 117, Athaneum (2010): 489-501
Oxyrhynchus Online
Oxyrhynchus – The history of the archaeological site
Gray, William D. New Light from Egypt on the Early Reign of Hadrian. American Journal of Semitic Language and Literatures 40 (1923): 14-29.
Gray, William D. The Founding of Aelia Capitolina and the Chronology of the Jewish War Under Hadrian. American Journal of Semitic Languages and Literature 39 (1923): 248-256.
Fuks, Alexander. Aspects of the Jewish Revolt in A.D. 115-117. The Journal of Roman Studies , vol. 51, 1961, pp. 98–104.
Alexander, Paul J. Letters and Speeches of the Emperor Hadrian. Harvard Studies in Classical Philology 49 (1939): 141-177.
Birley, Anthony. Hadrian the Restless Emperor. London and New York: Routledge, 2000.
E. Mary Smallwood, Documents Illustrating The Principates of Nerva Trajan and Hadrian (Cambridge University Press, 1966)
Judith S. McKenzie, Sheila Gibson and A. T. Reyes, “Reconstructing the Serapeum in Alexandria from the archaeological evidence. JRS 92 (2004) 73-121.
When we build a software or a Web service, we utlize many static analysis tools such as Lint, ChecStyle or FindBugs. These static code analysis tools help us to write simple code and they improve productivity.
Many inspection tools are compatible with CI tools or services such as Travis or Wercker. CI services are useful in that they ensure that users follow the coding standard.
However, unfortunately there exist no widely used inspection tools for technical writing since they are characterized by deficiencies. Most tools suffer from the following problems.
Customization is not provided : A text inspection tool should provide sufficient customization capabilities, since writing standards of different writing groups or individuals vary.
: A text inspection tool should provide sufficient customization capabilities, since writing standards of different writing groups or individuals vary. Semi-structured text formats are not supported : The production of manuals or large technical documents requires tags in semi-structured text formats, such as headings or tables.
: The production of manuals or large technical documents requires tags in semi-structured text formats, such as headings or tables. They cannot be run by using a simple command: It should be possible to run a text inspection by using a simple command that is easily integrated in other systems or services, such as CI.
RedPen
We have been building a simple text proofreading tool, RedPen. RedPen supports Markdown and Textile as the input format and provides sufficient customization to follow widely varying writing standards. RedPen can be used as a simple command, and therefore easily be applied with CI tools or in environments such as Travis.
RedPen usage
We now describe the usage and the configuration and then run RedPen.
Command
RedPen provides a simple command, redpen. The redpen command has the following parameters.
redpen -c <CONF FILE> <INPUT FILE> [<INPUT FILE>] -c,--conf <CONF FILE> Configuration file -f,--format <FORMAT> Input format -h,--help Help message -r,--result-format <RESULT FORMAT> Output format -v,--version Version information
Configuration
RedPen supports various functions (validators). RedPen users add the validators that are required according to their writing standards. The language is specified in the lang attribute in redpen-conf. RedPen then loads the default character settings for the specified language.
A sample of RedPen configuration follows. For more details, please see the RedPen Document.
<redpen-conf lang="en"> <validators> <validator name="SentenceLength"> <property name="max_len" value="200"/> </validator> <validator name="InvalidSymbol"/> <validator name="SymbolWithSpace"/> <validator name="SectionLength"/> <validator name="ParagraphNumber"/> <validator name="Spelling"/> <validator name="Contraction" /> <validator name="DoubledWord" /> <validator name="SuccessiveWord" /> <validator name="EndOfSentence" /> <validator name="SpaceBeginningOfSentence" /> </validators> </redpen-conf>
Run RedPen
Now let us run RedPen for an English text.
First, please download the RedPen package, and then, unpack the package using the following command.
$tar xvf redpen-cli-1.0-assembled.tar.gz
Now, you can run RedPen the using the following commands.
$cd redpen-cli-1.0 $bin/redpen -c conf/redpen-conf-en.xml sample-doc/en/sampledoc-en.txt 14:32:37.639 [main] INFO org.unigram.docvalidator.Main - loading character table file: sample/conf/symbol-conf-en.xml 14:32:37.652 [main] INFO o.u.docvalidator.util.CharacterTable - Succeeded to load character table 14:32:37.654 [main] INFO o.unigram.docvalidator.parser.Parser - comma is set to "," 14:32:37.655 [main] INFO o.unigram.docvalidator.parser.Parser - full stop is set to "." 14:32:37.663 [main] INFO o.u.d.v.s.ParagraphStartWithValidator - Using the default value of paragraph_start_with. CheckError[sample/doc/txt/en/sampledoc-en.txt: 0] = The length of the line exceeds the maximum 265 in line: ln bibliometrics and link analysis studies many attempts have been made to analyze the relationship among scientific papers, authors, and joumals and recently, these research results have been found to be effective for analyzing the link structure ofweb pages as well.
As can be seen, the redpen command produces a warning (CheckError).
Apply RedPen to CI services
Now, we describe the construction of a CI environment for a text project with a CI service (Travis). The settings are simple. We just download the RedPen package and then run the redpen command for the target file. A sample of the Travis settings for RedPen follows.
Sample GitHub project
We wrote a sample GitHub project for running RedPen in a CI environment.
sampledoc-en.md : target article (Markdown syntax).
: target article (Markdown syntax). repden-conf-ja.xml : RedPen settings file.
: RedPen settings file. .travis.yml: Travis settings file the describes how to deploy and run RedPen to inspect the target article.
Travis setting
The following is .travis.yml stored in the repository.
language: text jdk: - oraclejdk8 env: - REDPEN_VERSION="1.0" install: - wget https://github.com/recruit-tech/redpen/releases/download/v1.0-experimental-1/redpen-cli-$REDPEN_VERSION-assembled.tar.gz - tar xvf redpen-cli-$REDPEN_VERSION-assembled.tar.gz script: - redpen-cli-$REDPEN_VERSION/bin/redpen -c redpen-conf.xml -f markdown -r xml sampledoc-en.md
As can be seen, RedPen is downloaded and run for the target file.
Sample document
The following is a sample article that contains several text mistakes and formatting errors.
# Distributed system Some software tools work in more than one machine, and such distributed (cluster)systems can handle huge data or tasks, because such software tools make use of large amount of computer resources. In this article, we'll call a computer server that works as a member of a cluster an "instance". for example, each instance in distributed search engines stores the the fractions of data. Such distriubuted systems need a component to merge the preliminary results from member instnaces.
Initial commit
When we commited the initial version of the article, we received a warning from Travis by mail.
As can be seen, several errors are reported.
Error analysis
In the second line, there is a sentence the length of which is longer than that specified.
The sentence also contains an error in the spacing after teh right parenthesis.
In the third line, RedPen reports a contraction error. Contractions should not be used in formal writing. In addition, the third line includes the errors that the word “the” is used twice in succession and the end of the sentence is invalid.
Another error in the second sentence of the third line is also reported: the sentence begins with a lower case letter. In the fourth line, two misspelled words (distriubuted, and instnaces) are reported.
Correcting errors
First, we divide the sentence in the second line into two separate sentences:
Some software tools work in more than one machine. Such distributed (cluster) systems can handle huge data or tasks, because such software tools utlize large amount of computer resources.
Then, we corrected the remaining reported errors, including the misspelled words, end of sentence, contraction, etc. The following is the corrected article.
# Distributed system Some software tools work in more than one machine. Such distributed (cluster) systems can handle huge data or tasks, because such software tools utlize large amount of computer resources. In this article, we call a computer server that works as a member of a cluster an "instance." For example, each instance in distributed search engines stores the fractions of data. Such distributed systems need a component to merge the preliminary results from member instances.
Now let us commit the corrected article to GitHub.
Then, we received the second report from Travis. The reports stated that the validation had succeeded as expected.
Future work
In this article, the application of RedPen to the CI environments described. However, unfortunately in our opinion there is a room for improvement. In particular, the future work we will focus on the following features:
Enhanced server : Currently, RedPen provides a sample server, but it does not provide a sufficient number of configurations. We will enhance the server so that it will be more configurable.
: Currently, RedPen provides a sample server, but it does not provide a sufficient number of configurations. We will enhance the server so that it will be more configurable. Rich functions : We will provide more linguistics features using part-of-speech or parsing information.
: We will provide more linguistics features using part-of-speech or parsing information. Language support: We will cover more languages such as Chinese or French.
Advertisements
NEW DELHI: Cops across the country are set to shed their British-era khaki . After five years of research, Ahmedabad-based National Institute of Design NID ) has come up with a new all-weather, visually appealing ‘smart uniform' which will be standardised across all states, Union Territories and central paramilitary forces.Designed in collaboration with the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D), nine prototypes of new uniforms have been developed, which include shirts, trousers, belts, berets (cap), insignia, shoes and jacket, apart from new rainwear and headgear for the law enforcers.A report in this regard is being shared with all state police forces and paramilitary forces so that they can choose and adopt from any of the nine prototypes.Taking into account climate conditions in different parts of the country, altitude, working conditions and nature of duties, experts and BPR&D officers arrived at the new designs.Inputs gathered from police officers in nine states and the general public show the present uniforms have many problems. One, the lack of uniformity across the country; the basic fit and shades change from policeman to policeman and state to state.The fabric of the shirts worn by cops is as thick as that of the trousers, making it inconvenient in hot weather. Moreover, there isn't enough space to carry the required objects.The berets/caps worn by cops are smart but made of wool, causing headaches and hairfall, while helmets are too heavy to wear during law-and -order situations. The metal belts are too wide and poke the stomach when a cop bends.The uniforms are also devoid of compartments for cellphones, batons, keys etc, unlike those for police forces across the world. The biggest problem faced by police officers currently is their shoes. Those made of leather are said to be very uncomfortable for long duty hours.The uniforms have also been found to have poor visibility in the dark. Khaki is also the colour of choice for municipality staff, some private agencies, postmen, personnel of the fire department, etc, even though cops have long argued that it should be exclusive to them.Speaking to TOI, director general BPR&D, which helped design the new uniform, Meera Borwankar said, “There was a lot of criticism of the khaki, and how its colour, fabric and pattern should be changed.The uniform worn by police till now wasn't made for different climates, altitudes. NID and BPR&D spent a lot of time to find an alternative and an intensive report has been prepared.”The new uniform, designed with the aim to provide mobility and comfort, has shirts of a softer khaki shade (beige) that offer a smart and clean look and provide effective visibility for the insignia, nameplate, badge, medals, ribbons, and epaulettes on the shoulders.It also has ‘police' inscribed on the back in two languages. The colour of the trousers has been changed to ‘earthy brown', a departure from the age-old standard of a singlecoloured uniform.The designers felt that the uniforms worn by cops should be visually appealing, should have a fabric that provides comfort to policemen and thus helps them maintain efficiency, without eroding police authority.
The BJP on Friday made a politically bold move to appoint Keshav Prasad Maurya as its party chief in Uttar Pradesh, BS Yeddyurappa in Karnataka and Vijay Sampala in Punjab. It has also appointed party chiefs in two other states K Lakshman in Telangana and Tapir Rao in Arunachal Pradesh.
The appointment, of Maurya and Yeddyurappa and two politically significant states in north and south India, is an indicator that that the national party chief Amit Shah has not gone by the popular perception or the kind of political heat their nomination may generate outside of their party, or even inside a section of his own party. For Shah, it seems their ability to reach out to the larger numbers were far more important than their alleged involvement in some cases of crime or corruption.
Of the five party chiefs appointed -- Maurya and Lakshman are OBCs, Yeddyurappa of dominant Lingayat community and Sampala, a Dalit who has a name for himself by his sheer personal grit.
The 47-year-old Maurya, a Lok Sabha MP from Phulpur, succeeds Laxmikant Vajpayee, a Brahmin in UP. His appointment has come as surprise to many in the party. But that's what had happened over a year and half ago when the party tickets for UP in parliamentary elections were to be announced. The party nomination for Phulpur seat was held till the last minute. Many senior leaders were rooting for Sidharth Nath Singh, grandson of Lal Bahadur Shastri and party national secretary for nomination from that seat. But Shah, then as party general secretary in charge of UP put his foot down and insisted that the ticket for this seat be given to Maurya. There had been several allegations against him but Shah brushed them aside and ensured that he was nominated by the party as its candidate. His name was announced just ahead of closure of nominations for that round of poll.
Maurya is an aggressive campaigner and believes that the party could be back in the reckoning in the state only if it wins confidence of non-Yadav backward and most backward castes' confidence and succeeds in wooing a section of the Dalits. Should that be the case, the upper castes would side with the party. Maurya also has a strong VHP background.
A senior BJP leader from UP said Maurya was the late VHP leader Ashok Singhal's favourite and his appointment as UP BJP chief was his one of the last wishes. This was conveyed to Shah before he died. Shah too had a liking for Maurya. UP is a super high stakes battle for the BJP and Shah, by appointing a member from most backward comminuty as state party chief, has played his first card.
Yeddyurappa's return as the Karnataka BJP chief is equally interesting. Some corruption cases against him are still pending, but there is a belief in the BJP leadership that he would not be held guilty in any of these cases. There is also a perception among some senior party leaders who have been closely associated with party affairs in Karnataka that Yeddyurappa was treated unfairly by party patriarch L K Advani.
Yeddyurappa, a Lingayat leader has a strong social support base. His command over party workers is also very strong. His departure from the party had cost it dearly in the last assembly elections. By appointing him as party president, Shah has given clear signals that he intends to give an early start to for 2018 state assembly elections. After all, Yeddyurappa had led the party to its first victory in a South Indian state.
The nomination of Vijay Sampala in Punjab is equally interesting. Sampala, a Dalit who worked as a farm labourer in Punjab and later as a plumber in Saudi Arabia before turning to politics is a moving saga of personal grit. He won the 2014 parliamentary elections from Hoshiyarpur in Punjab and was made a minister of state in the union government. Prime Minister Narendra Modi had then spoken highly of his calibre and hard work.
The party's stakes in 2017 Punjab assembly elections are high and the state has a sizeable Dalit population. Sampala would be expected to give a boost to BJP campaign.
The appointment of a two-time MLA, K Lakshman in Telangana and former MP Tapir Rao in Arunachal Pradesh as party president is again intended to give a message that the current Modi-Shah dispensation at the Centre is giving primacy to leaders with wider social support base.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The day when consumers can turn any vehicle into an inexpensive plug-in hybrid may come sooner than we thought.
Middle Tennessee State University just produced an inexpensive plug-in hybrid kit that can be used on almost any car. All it takes is attaching a brushless DC electric motor to each rear wheel, then sticking a lithium battery pack and controller in the trunk (via GreenCarReports).
Using a 1994 Honda station wagon to show the feat in a video, Dr. Charles Perry from MTSU explained the kit can easily be removed and bolted onto any car. It also only costs $3,000. Consumers may soon get their hands on one if talks with potential investors go through, and Perry's students receive enough capital to manufacture the plug-in hybrid technology.
Electro magnets placed around each wheel's brake rotor generate 200 lbs. of torque, which offsets the power coming from the internal combustion engine. In layman's terms, that means power from the rear tires makes the engine's job easier. The kit works like "a motorized trolley," writes GreenCarReports' Anthony Ingram, "where the motors kick into to assist when needed, rather than constantly being powered."
Of course, at a time when gas prices are soaring, the only thing on Americans' minds is reducing their gas bill. To that end, Perry said the kit could improve city driving mileage by 50 to 100 percent, although weather and other factors may come into play.
Watch the video below to learn more:
Hundreds of boxing fans in Moscow, Russia became record breakers on Sunday after they took up superstar Floyd Mayweather Jr's invite to join him in an open training session.
The Largest boxing lesson, organised by Boxing Academy in association with Russian Timber Group and State Corporation Rostecheld, saw an impressive 791 people take part in the training drill, with around 3,000 spectators watching from outside the ring.
Mayweather was visiting Moscow at the invitation of Boxing Academy sports club, in partnership with State Corporation Rostec and the Russian Forest Group.
Speaking after the successful record attempt, the Mayweather said: "I'm very glad that I have now opportunity to travel all over the world , that I can come and make people happy, and can help young fighters"
"Work with my team, I want to raise champions all over the world, including Russia".
Official Guinness World Records adjudicator Sofia Greenacre was on hand to verify the new record, as well as present Mayweather with an honorary certificate for one of the most incredible records to his name.
Although recently retired, the world champion boxer earned a staggering $105 million (£70.4 million) between June 2013 and June 2014 (according to Forbes data), making him not only the Highest-earning boxer, but also the Highest-earning athlete in any sport.
The Floyd Mayweather Jr. (USA) versus Manny Pacquiao (Philippines) “Fight of the Century” became the Highest selling pay-per-view boxing match on 2 May 2015. It was broadcast by HBO and Showtime Networks who charged customers a record $89.95 for standard-definition and $99.95 for HD. Mayweather won the fight by Unanimous Decision, earning over $200 million for the fight which is almost $100k per second.
The boxing legend won all 49 of his fights, including 26 by KO – the Most bouts undefeated by a world champion boxer in a career – and he now has another Guinness World Records title to add to his impressive resume of achievements.
Exciting news! Today, we launched in Missouri!
We are so excited to now offer women living in the Missouri an easier way to access birth control. Through our birth control app, users can get a prescription for their birth control and have it delivered right to their door!
As a special welcoming gift to all new Missouri users, we are offering FREE BIRTH CONTROL to new users!
To get the deal, users must visit Nurx.com, create a Nurx account, pick their brand of choice, and enter promo code ‘MISSOURI' at checkout. Users will receive $30 off their order, which equates to up to two months of free birth control. This promotion is valid through May 31, 2017. Sign up today!
*Discount is for new users only, does not apply to emergency contraception.
A Dutch woman was abducted in Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan on Monday. This is according to Afghan television channel TOLO, based on reports from the Afghan Ministry of Home Affairs.
A spokesperson for the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs confirmed to the AD that they are aware of the reports, but would not say anything further. "In the interests of those involved, we do not comment on kidnappings", the spokesperson said.
According to Afghani journalist Mohsin Jamal, the woman is a rescue worker working for the Swedish Committee of Afghanistan. The charity has not confirmed this. Aid organizations Cordaid and Care as well as children's rights organization Save the Children confirmed to the AD that they have no Dutch women working in Afghanistan at this time.
Earlier on Monday a number of Taliban fighters attacked the Afghan Parliament. More than 20 people were injured. It is not clear whether these two incidents are related.
An aid worker, believed to be Dutch was kidnapped in Kabul early today morning. #AFG — Mohsin Jamal (@Mohsin_Jam) June 22, 2015
William Zantzinger dies: inspired a Dylan song
** FILE ** In this Feb. 11, 1963 file photo, William Zantzinger, 24, left, of Mount Victoria, Md., is led to city jail by two unidentified Baltimore policemen after he was ordered held without bail on homicide charges in Baltimore, Md. Zantzinger, a wealthy Maryland landowner whose fatal beating of a black barmaid was recounted in a Bob Dylan protest song of the 1960s, was buried Friday Jan. 9, 2009. He died on Jan. 3, 2009. He was 69. (AP Photo/File) less ** FILE ** In this Feb. 11, 1963 file photo, William Zantzinger, 24, left, of Mount Victoria, Md., is led to city jail by two unidentified Baltimore policemen after he was ordered held without bail on ... more Photo: AP Photo: AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close William Zantzinger dies: inspired a Dylan song 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
William Devereux Zantzinger, whose six-month sentence in the fatal caning of barmaid Hattie Carroll, a black woman, at a Baltimore charity ball moved Bob Dylan to write a dramatic song in 1963 that became a classic of modern American folk music, died on Jan. 3. He was 69.
His death was confirmed by an employee of the Brinsfield-Echols Funeral Home, who said Mr. Zantzinger's family had prohibited the release of more details.
Dylan took some liberties with the truth in the almost journalistic song, "The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll," although there is disagreement over just how many. He recorded it in 1964 for the Columbia album "The Times They Are A-Changin'," for some reason dropping the letter "t" from Mr. Zantzinger's name. It begins:
William Zanzinger killed poor Hattie Carroll
With a cane he twirled around his diamond ring finger
At a Baltimore hotel society gath'rin'.
The incident occurred on Feb. 8, 1963. Mr. Zantzinger, a 24-year-old Maryland tobacco farmer, and his wife, Jane, had stopped with friends at a restaurant on their way to Baltimore's annual Spinsters' Ball, a white-tie affair.
Mr. Zantzinger was wearing a top hat and carrying a toy cane he had picked up at a farm fair. At the restaurant, he became disorderly, hitting employees with the cane, then left with his group after they were refused more drinks.
The party moved on to the ball, at the Emerson Hotel. A recapitulation of the evening in the Washington Post Magazine in 1991 said Mr. Zantzinger had entered bellowing: "I just flew in from Texas! Gimme a drink!"
As the evening progressed, he hit several hotel employees with the cane and used racial epithets. Time magazine said he pushed his wife to the floor. He later strode to the bar and ordered a drink from Hattie Carroll, 51. But he said she was too slow and began criticizing her. Then he repeatedly struck her with the cane. Fleeing to the kitchen, she told co-workers that she felt "deathly ill." An ambulance was called.
Mr. Zantzinger was charged with disorderly conduct and released on $600 bail. But on the morning of Feb. 9, Carroll died of a stroke. Now Mr. Zantzinger was charged with murder.
In the trial, Mr. Zantzinger testified that he could not remember hitting anyone. His lawyers said Carroll's stroke could have been caused by the hypertension she was known to have. A three-judge court agreed that the caning alone could not have caused the death and reduced the charge to manslaughter.
Mr. Zantzinger was convicted in June, and in August he was sentenced to six months in prison.
On Aug. 29, the New York Times published a dispatch by United Press International, reporting on the sentencing. A friend of Dylan showed the singer the article. Some accounts say he wrote the song at an all-night coffee shop on Seventh Avenue in Manhattan; others that he wrote it at the singer Joan Baez's house in Carmel.
The literary critic Christopher Ricks wrote a chapter about the song in his book, "Dylan's Visions of Sin" (2004), praising Dylan's "exact control of each word."
Clinton Heylin, in his book "Bob Dylan: Behind the Shades Revisited" (2001), countered that the song "verges on the libelous" because of "its tenuous grasp of the facts of the case."
One criticism was that Mr. Zantzinger's "high office relations," as Dylan called them, were overstated: His father had been a one-term state legislator and a member of the Maryland planning commission.
The song did not mention that Carroll was black, although listeners made that correct assumption. It also did not refer to the reduced charge of manslaughter, only the six-month sentence.
One error of fact in the song was that Carroll had 10 children; she had 11. Critics suggested that 11 did not fit the meter.
Time magazine called Mr. Zantzinger "a rural aristocrat" who enjoyed fox-hunting. He attended Sidwell Friends School in Washington and the University of Maryland. The magazine Mother Jones reported in 2004 that he had worked alongside his farm employees, including blacks.
After prison, Mr. Zantzinger left the farm and went into real estate. He sold antiques, became an auctioneer and owned a nightclub.
In 1991, the Maryland Independent disclosed that Mr. Zantzinger had been collecting rent from black families living in shanties that he no longer owned; Charles County, Md., had foreclosed on them for unpaid taxes. The shanties lacked running water, toilets or outhouses. Not only had Mr. Zantzinger collected rent for properties he did not own, he also went to court to demand past-due rent, and won.
He pleaded guilty to 50 misdemeanor counts of deceptive trade practices, paid $62,000 in penalties and, under an 18-month sentence, spent only nights in jail.
Information on Mr. Zantzinger's survivors was unavailable.
Though Mr. Zantzinger long refused interviews, he did speak to the author Howard Sounes for his book "Down the Highway: The Life of Bob Dylan" (2001), telling him of his scorn for Dylan.
"I should have sued him and put him in jail," he said.
Democrats are lining up all over the country to challenge Republican members of the House. And not just in swing districts.
There are no good hiding places for the GOP.
That's the message a flood of looming Democratic candidates are sending to Republicans as the GOP braces for the 2018 election season, especially after the amazing flip of the Alabama Senate seat earlier this month.
Democrats are not only targeting vulnerable Republicans in the House who won in districts that Hillary Clinton carried in 2016, of which there are currently two dozen. They're also lining up to challenge Republicans in traditionally safe GOP districts.
Example: Texas Rep. Pete Sessions won re-election unopposed by a Democratic candidate in 2016. For 2018, he already has 10 Democratic opponents who want to try to knock him off.
According to Federal Elections Commission filings, Democrats are poised to oppose every Republican in the House, minus just 20 seats. “By comparison, Democrats in 80 districts do not have a Republican opponent for their seat,” the New York Times reports.
And the money is pouring in. For two long-shot special election contests in the deeply red states of Georgia and Alabama this year, Democratic candidates raised more than $40 million.
It's all part of an outpouring of electoral energy and enthusiasm among Democrats, who can't wait to get to the polls and send Republicans and Donald Trump a message.
Indeed, Trump is creating the extraordinary headwind for Republicans who face a “wave” election building for Democrats next year.
Only 3 in 10 Americans believe the U.S. is headed in the right direction, according to a recent Associated Press poll. That's compared to 52 percent who say the country is worse off since Trump took office in January.
Overall, 49 percent of registered voters who are Democrats or Democratic-leaning say they are extremely or very enthusiastic about voting for Congress next year, according to a recent CNN poll. That's compared to 32 percent of Republicans and Republican-leaning voters who say the same.
Democrats might get a head start in 2018 with the special election set for next March in western Pennsylvania to replace longtime Rep. Tim Murphy, an anti-abortion Republican who allegedly encouraged a lover to terminate a pregnancy.
Normally considered a safe GOP seat, Democrats are targeting the 18th district for a flip, and forecasters say they have a solid shot. “If you look at every special election to date, Republicans have been underperforming Trump's [margin] by double digits,” Titus Bond, a Republican strategist, told Politico.
Last week, Politico reported “those closest to Trump are bracing for a possible bloodbath in the 2018 midterms.”
Democrats want to make sure that electoral misery for Republicans is felt in nearly every district in the country.
In History / By Morris M / 10 October 2013
(Image: Discovery Channel via Wikipedia, public domain)
Imagine everything you'd ever known – your friends, family, old high school and hometown – vanished one night. How would you feel? What would you do? It's an idea we've all toyed with: the thought of being the ‘sole survivor' of some unnamed cataclysm that wipes out the rest of civilisation. It's the stuff of fiction, of ancient Biblical myth… and, just occasionally, it's really happened. In our long history there are towns, cities and even entire ancient civilisations that vanished overnight, disappearing into the realm of myth and legend. Some became stories, some were never anything but, and some remain frighteningly real…
Akrotiri (Ancient Thera)
(Image: Klearchos Kapoutsis, cc-3.0)
Western civilisation has long been fascinated with the Ancient Greeks: a race who advanced art, science and mathematics at almost superhuman speed. But the Greeks weren't the first highly-complex civilisation to arise in Europe. Just as modern Europe is in awe of people like Archimedes, Plato and Homer, so were the Greeks in awe of the Minoans.
Put simply, the Minoans were brilliant. Arising on Crete around 2,700 BC, they spread across the Aegean Sea, building towering palaces, three-storey buildings, cobbled roads and establishing Europe's first drainage and water systems. While we were still living in huts, smashing each other across the head with flint axes, the Minoans had created a highly-sophisticated Empire that would span a thousand years… before collapsing in under fifty, following the overnight destruction of Akrotiri.
(Images: Smial, public domain; Roland Turner, cc-sa-3.0)
A small, unimportant trading port, Akrotiri had the misfortune of being at ground zero when the Thera volcano exploded, detonating with the force of four Krakatoa's. The town was instantly swamped with ash. The blast triggered tsunamis that smashed Crete to pieces. Crops were destroyed, the sun blotted out and the entire Minoan civilisation reduced to ashes. In a single lifetime, an Empire that had lasted sixty generations fell into ruin and disappeared, it's incredible achievements all but lost to history.
Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
ARLINGTON, Va. – The Washington Capitals have re-assigned defenseman Dmitry Orlov to the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League (AHL), vice president and general manager George McPhee announced today.
Orlov, 22, has earned eight points (two goals, six assists) in five games with Hershey this season. The Novokuznetsk, Russia, native tallied an AHL career-high four points (one goal, three assists) on Oct. 19 in the Bears' 4-0 win over the St. John's IceCaps. Orlov has registered 43 points (11 goals, 32 assists) and 44 penalty minutes in 70 career AHL games.
The 5'11”, 211-pound defenseman has appeared in 65 regular-season games for the Capitals, registering 20 points (three goals, 17 assists) and 18 penalty minutes. Orlov was drafted by Washington in the second round, 55th overall, in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Image caption The sale of the Dana prison has attracted a "handful" of bidders
Part of a former prison in Shrewsbury could be converted into a hotel under plans revealed by a local businessman.
HMP Shrewsbury was put up for sale by the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) in February.
Nightclub owner Martin Monahan's bid is one of many under consideration to buy the Grade II listed building.
The agent organising the sale, GVA, said further discussions are needed before a buyer is chosen.
The former prison, which is known as The Dana, closed on 28 March 2013 as part of a programme of prison closures aimed at saving the MoJ £63m.
Mr Monahan, who owns four nightclubs and a restaurant in Shrewsbury, also wants to create business start-up units and a leisure complex at the site.
Consider its heritage
Any alterations would require the permission of the Shropshire Council because it is a listed building.
The property agents said there had been a "handful" of bids for the prison, which were discussed with the MoJ on Wednesday.
But it needs to ensure there is "substance to the proposals" and while the MoJ had a duty to get the best price for the buildings, it also had a responsibility to consider its heritage and ensure it would be developed responsibly.
The MoJ is in the process of selling off a dozen of its sites around the country.
A decision on the sale is expected next week.
Converts row data (in JSON/associative array format or flat array format) to object/tree structure based on simple column naming conventions.
Installation
npm install treeize
Because APIs usually require data in a deep object graph/collection form, but SQL results (especially heavily joined data), excel, csv, and other flat data sources that we're often forced to drive our applications from represent data in a very "flat" way. Treeize takes this flattened data and based on simple column/attribute naming conventions, remaps it into a deep object graph - all without the overhead/hassle of hydrating a traditional ORM.
What it does...
var peopleData = [ { ' name ' : ' John Doe ' , ' age ' : 34 , ' pets:name ' : ' Rex ' , ' pets:type ' : ' dog ' , ' pets:toys:type ' : ' bone ' } , { ' name ' : ' John Doe ' , ' age ' : 34 , ' pets:name ' : ' Rex ' , ' pets:type ' : ' dog ' , ' pets:toys:type ' : ' ball ' } , { ' name ' : ' Mary Jane ' , ' age ' : 19 , ' pets:name ' : ' Mittens ' , ' pets:type ' : ' kitten ' , ' pets:toys:type ' : ' yarn ' } , { ' name ' : ' Mary Jane ' , ' age ' : 19 , ' pets:name ' : ' Fluffy ' , ' pets:type ' : ' cat ' } ] ; var peopleData = [ [ ' name ' , ' age ' , ' pets:name ' , ' pets:type ' , ' pets:toys:type ' ] , [ ' John Doe ' , 34 , ' Rex ' , ' dog ' , ' bone ' ] , [ ' John Doe ' , 34 , ' Rex ' , ' dog ' , ' ball ' ] , [ ' Mary Jane ' , 19 , ' Mittens ' , ' kitten ' , ' yarn ' ] , [ ' Mary Jane ' , 19 , ' Fluffy ' , ' cat ' , null ] ] ; var Treeize = require ( ' treeize ' ) ; var people = new Treeize ( ) ; people . grow ( peopleData ) ; people . getData ( ) == [ { name : ' John Doe ' , age : 34 , pets : [ { name : ' Rex ' , type : ' dog ' , toys : [ { type : ' bone ' } , { type : ' ball ' } ] } ] } , { name : ' Mary Jane ' , age : 19 , pets : [ { name : ' Mittens ' , type : ' kitten ' , toys : [ { type : ' yarn ' } ] } , { name : ' Fluffy ' , type : ' cat ' } ] } ] ;
API Index
1. get/set options (optional)
options([options]) - getter/setter for options
- getter/setter for options getOptions() - returns options
- returns options setOptions(options) - merges new [options] with existing
- merges new with existing resetOptions() - resets options to defaults
2a. set data signature manually if needed (optional)
signature([row], [options]) - getter/setter for signature definitions
- getter/setter for signature definitions getSignature() - returns currently defined signature
- returns currently defined signature setSignature(row, [options]) - sets signature using a specific row of data/headers (preserves signature between data sets if uniformity option is enabled)
- sets signature using a specific row of data/headers (preserves signature between data sets if uniformity option is enabled) clearSignature() - clear signature between data sets (only needed when previously defined a uniform signature via setSignature )
2b. grow tree from data set(s)
grow(data, [options]) - grow flat data , with optional local [options]
3. retrieve transformed data
getData() - gets current tree data
- gets current tree data getSeedData() - gets original, flat data
* misc/internal methods
getStats() - returns object with growth statistics
API
Getter/Setter for options. If options object is passed, this is identical to .setOptions(options) and returns self (chainable). If no options are passed, this is identical to .getOptions() and returns current options as object.
Set options globally for the Treeize instance. This is an alias for .options(options) . Default options are as follows:
{ input : { delimiter : ' : ' , detectCollections : true , uniformRows : false , } , output : { prune : true , objectOverwrite : true , resultsAsObject : false , } }
For example, to change the delimiter and enable output logging, you would use the following:
. setOptions ( { input : { delimiter : ' | ' } } ) ;
Available Options
input.delimiter This sets the delimiter to be used between path segments (e.g. the ":" in "children:mother:name"). View test example
input.detectCollections Enables/disables the default behavior of turning plural path segments (e.g. "subjects" vs. "subject") into collections instead of object paths. Note: In order to properly merge multiple rows into the same collection item, the collection must have a base-level attribute(s) acting as a signature. View test example (enabled) | or (disabled)
input.uniformRows By default row uniformity is disabled to allow the most flexible data merging. This means each and every row of data that is processed (unless flat array-of-array data) will be analyzed and mapped individually into the final structure. If your data rows have uniform attributes/columns, disable this for a performance increase.
output.prune Removes blank/empty nodes in the structure. This is enabled by default to prevent sparse data sets from injecting blanks and nulls everywhere in your final output. If nulls are important to preserve, disable this. View test example
output.objectOverwrite To allow for merging objects directly onto existing placeholder values (e.g. foreign key ids), this is enabled by default. View test example
output.resultsAsObject This creates a single root object (instead of the default array of objects). View test example
Returns the current global options (as object). View example format
Resets all global options to original defaults and returns self (chainable).
Getter/Setter for row signatures. If options object is passed, this is identical to .setSignature(options) and returns self (chainable). If no options are passed, this is identical to .getSignature() and returns currently defined signature as object.
Manually defines the signature for upcoming data sets from argument row , with optional options . The row may be either in object (key/value) form or flat array form (array of paths). This method is only required if sharing a single signature across multiple data sources (when merging homogeneous data sets), or when the data itself has no header information (for instance, with bulk flat array-of-values data). Returns self (chainable).
. setSignature ( { ' id ' : 1 , ' name:first ' : ' Kevin ' , ' name:last ' : ' Whitley ' , ' hobbies:name ' : ' photography ' ' hobbies:years ' : 12 } ) . setSignature ( [ ' id ' , ' name:first ' , ' name:last ' , ' hobbies:name ' , ' hobbies:years ' ] )
Returns currently defined signature. For internal use only.
Clears currently-defined signature if previously set via setSignature(row) , and returns self (chainable). This is only required between data sets if signature auto-detection should be re-enabled. It is unlikely that you will need to use this.
Returns current data tree.
var tree = new Treeize ( ) ; tree . grow ( [ { ' foo ' : ' bar ' , ' logs:a ' : 1 } , { ' foo ' : ' bar ' , ' logs:a ' : 2 } , { ' foo ' : ' baz ' , ' logs:a ' : 3 } , ] ) ; console . log ( tree . getData ( ) ) ;
Returns original, flat data.
var tree = new Treeize ( ) ; tree . grow ( [ { ' foo ' : ' bar ' , ' logs:a ' : 1 } , { ' foo ' : ' bar ' , ' logs:a ' : 2 } , { ' foo ' : ' baz ' , ' logs:a ' : 3 } ] ) ; console . log ( tree . getSeedData ( ) ) ;
Returns current growth statistics (e.g. number of sources process, number of rows, etc). Output and format subject to change - use at your own risk.
The growth(data, [options]) method provides the core functionality of Treeize. This method expands flat data (of one or more sources) into the final deep tree output. Each attribute path is analyzed for injection into the final object graph.
Path Naming
Each column/attribute of each row will dictate its own destination path using the following format:
{ ' path1:path2:pathX:attributeName ' : [ value ] }
Each "path" (up to n-levels deep) is optional and represents a single object node if the word is singular, or a collection if the word is plural (with optional +/- override modifiers). For example, a "favoriteMovie:name" path will add a "favoriteMovie" object to its path - where "favoriteMovies:name" would add a collection of movies (complete with a first entry) instead. For root nodes, include only the attribute name without any preceding paths. If you were creating a final output of a book collection for instance, the title of the book would likely be pathless as you would want the value on the high-level books collection.
It's important to note that each row will create or find its path within the newly transformed output being created. Your flat feed may have mass-duplication, but the results will not.
Merging Multiple Data Sources
Treeize was designed to merge from multiple data sources of both attribute-value and array-of-value format (as long as signatures are provided in some manner), including ones with varying signatures.
var Treeize = require ( ' treeize ' ) ; var arrayOfObjects = require ( ' somesource1.js ' ) ; var arrayOfValues = require ( ' somesource2.js ' ) ; var tree = new Treeize ( ) ; tree . grow ( arrayOfObjects ) . grow ( arrayOfValues ) ;
How to manually override the default pluralization scheme for collection-detection
In the rare (but possible) case that plural/singular node names are not enough to properly detect collections, you may add specific overrides to the node name, using the + (for collections) and - (for singular objects) indicators.
{ ' name ' : ' Bird ' , ' attributes:legs ' : 2 , ' attributes:hasWings ' : true } [ { name : ' Bird ' , attributes : [ { legs : 2 , hasWings : true } ] } ] { ' name ' : ' Bird ' , ' attributes-:legs ' : 2 , ' attributes-:hasWings ' : true } [ { name : ' Bird ' , attributes : { legs : 2 , hasWings : true } } ]
Specifying Your Own Key/Blueprint For Collections
By default, all known attributes of a collection node level define a "blueprint" by which to match future rows. For example, in a collection of people, if both name and age attributes are defined within each row, future rows will require both the name and age values to match for the additional information to be merged into that record. To override this default behavior and specify your own criteria, simply mark each required attribute with a leading or tailing * modifier.
[ { ' date ' : ' 1/1/2014 ' , ' temperatureF ' : 90 , ' temperatureC ' : 32 } , { ' date ' : ' 1/1/2014 ' , ' humidity ' : . 1 } ] [ { date : ' 1/1/2014 ' , temperatureF : 90 , temperatureC : 32 } , { date : ' 1/1/2014 ' , humidity : 0 . 1 } ] [ { ' date* ' : ' 1/1/2014 ' , ' temperatureF ' : 90 , ' temperatureC ' : 32 } , { ' date* ' : ' 1/1/2014 ' , ' humidity ' : . 1 } ] [ { date : ' 1/1/2014 ' , temperatureF : 90 , temperatureC : 32 , humidity : 0 . 1 } ]
Notes
Each attribute name of the flat data must consist of the full path to its node & attribute, seperated by the delimiter. id suggests an id attribute on a root element, whereas name:first implies a first attribute on a name object within a root element.
suggests an attribute on a root element, whereas implies a attribute on a object within a root element. To imply a collection in the path/attribute-name, use a plural name (e.g. "subjects" instead of "subject"). Otherwise, use a singular name for a singular object.
Use a : delimiter (default) to seperate path segments. To change this, modify the input.delimiter option.
Examples
In this short series of examples, we'll take a standard "join dump", originally keyed (via attribute names) to organize by movie - and demonstrate how other organizations can be easily derived from the same original feed... by simply modifying the column/attribute names in the output.
Example 1
In this example, we'll take our dump (as if from a CSV or SQL result) - and name the keys to group by movies (as if for an /api/movies ).
var movieData = [ { ' title ' : ' The Prestige ' , ' director ' : ' Christopher Nolan ' , ' actors:name ' : ' Christian Bale ' , ' actors:as ' : ' Alfred Borden ' } , { ' title ' : ' The Prestige ' , ' director ' : ' Christopher Nolan ' , ' actors:name ' : ' Hugh Jackman ' , ' actors:as ' : ' Robert Angier ' } , { ' title ' : ' The Dark Knight Rises ' , ' director ' : ' Christopher Nolan ' , ' actors:name ' : ' Christian Bale ' , ' actors:as ' : ' Bruce Wayne ' } , { ' title ' : ' The Departed ' , ' director ' : ' Martin Scorsese ' , ' actors:name ' : ' Leonardo DiCaprio ' , ' actors:as ' : ' Billy ' } , { ' title ' : ' The Departed ' , ' director ' : ' Martin Scorsese ' , ' actors:name ' : ' Matt Damon ' , ' actors:as ' : ' Colin Sullivan ' } ] ; var Treeize = require ( ' treeize ' ) ; var movies = new Treeize ( ) ; movies . grow ( movieData ) ;
Example 2
Taking the same feed, but modifying the target paths through the attribute/column names we can completely transform the data (as you would for another API endpoint, for example). This time we'll organize the data by actors, as you would for and endpoint like /api/actors .
Notice the feed is left unchanged - only the attribute names have been modified to define their new target path. In this case, by changing the base node to the actor name (instead of the movie name), we group everything by actor at a high level.
var moviesDump = [ { ' movies:title ' : ' The Prestige ' , ' movies:director ' : ' Christopher Nolan ' , ' name ' : ' Christian Bale ' , ' movies:as ' : ' Alfred Borden ' } , { ' movies:title ' : ' The Prestige ' , ' movies:director ' : ' Christopher Nolan ' , ' name ' : ' Hugh Jackman ' , ' movies:as ' : ' Robert Angier ' } , { ' movies:title ' : ' The Dark Knight Rises ' , ' movies:director ' : ' Christopher Nolan ' , ' name ' : ' Christian Bale ' , ' movies:as ' : ' Bruce Wayne ' } , { ' movies:title ' : ' The Departed ' , ' movies:director ' : ' Martin Scorsese ' , ' name ' : ' Leonardo DiCaprio ' , ' movies:as ' : ' Billy ' } , { ' movies:title ' : ' The Departed ' , ' movies:director ' : ' Martin Scorsese ' , ' name ' : ' Matt Damon ' , ' movies:as ' : ' Colin Sullivan ' } ] ; var Treeize = require ( ' treeize ' ) ; var actors = new Treeize ( ) ; actors . grow ( moviesData ) ;
Changelog
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WCMH)--The Columbus Division of Police announced it will conduct two sobriety checkpoints on Friday night, into early Saturday morning.
Police say one will be on Cleveland Ave. at Melrose Ave. in north Columbus, and the second will be on E. 11th Ave. and Clara Ave. near the University District.
Police say the first location, Cleveland Ave. at Melrose Ave., was selected because four intersections within one mile along Cleveland Ave. have impaired driving crash rates between 4 and 19 percent.
The second location, E. 11th Ave. and Clara Ave., was selected because three intersections within one mile along E. 11th Ave. have impaired driving crash rates between 5 and 20 percent.
The first checkpoint is scheduled to operate on Friday, April 15 between the hours of 9:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. The second checkpoint is scheduled to operate on Saturday, April 16 between the hours of 1:00 a.m. and 3:00 a.m.
Life in a European social democracy is nice…really nice. Beautifully neat, well-organized cities are connected via plentiful and inexpensive mass transit. Work-life balance is an obsessive cultural priority. European countries feature six weeks of paid vacation, maternity leave, ready access to high quality, tax-subsidized healthcare, very little crime and virtually no violence by US standards. They enjoy far higher levels of social mobility than the US alongside economic growth rates that rival any of the developed nations.
Those who have experienced it might describe the European Dream as the envy of the world. Bernie Sanders' campaign for the Democratic Presidential nomination is drawing Americans' attention to this social/political alternative. So, why shouldn't the US import more of this approach to economics and politics?
There's a simple answer. Europe's economic model has a critical dependency that is often overlooked. La Dolce Vita has its price. The model depends heavily on America's willingness to bear the burden of relentless creative destruction and a global security obligation. If the US adopted this model it would begin to suffocate under its own weight. Beyond this weakness lies a deeper question of values, a philosophical conflict which, though intangible, should not be ignored.
How does the European model work? For starters, don't call it socialism. Western Europe began to dismantle state ownership of capital, forced unionization, and the other elements of socialist economics half a century ago and little remains of that model. For many Americans who have grown accustomed to the idea that any state spending is Communism, that concept may be a little challenging. Here's a primer.
European social democracy today rests on a sort of loose state-capitalism subsidized by American military patronage. At the nation-state level, the system operates as a three-way deal. Capital is almost entirely in private hands, but workers enjoy high levels of job security and other protections. The state regulates private industry very heavily. On top of a dense network of market regulations the state also imposes deeply intrusive management rules, like mandating employee representation on boards of directors. In exchange, those enterprises enjoy tremendous levels of state sponsorship, subsidies and protection. The same rules that burden each firm also raises barriers to the entry of fresh new competition. European economics is a tight partnership between state, capital, and labor.
Critical to that deal is the American military juggernaut. If you paid taxes in the US last year, one fifth of that total went to your military. Consider veterans' health care and that percentage rises to nearly a quarter. That's more than the US spends on Medicare.
If you paid taxes in Germany last year, military spending accounted for less than 1/20th of your burden. Even if you contend that much of US military spending is unnecessary, Europe still enjoys a massive public windfall from its ability to disregard any concern for national defense and security.
That windfall is larger than it appears on paper, for if European countries were responsible for their own defense it is unlikely that the EU would even exist as a political and economic entity. International and sectarian tensions currently subsumed beneath the blanked of US military dominance would undermine regional economic collaboration. The EU is a happy consequence of the US military-industrial complex.
The model works for now, within certain bounds. For all the noise about Greece, European economies are relatively stable, chugging along at a fairly predictable rate compared to the volatile swings in America. The model produces higher unemployment levels and slightly slower growth than the US, but compensates with a more generous social safety net. Tax rates are relatively high, but not nearly as high as Americans tend to imagine, comparable to levels experienced in New York or California. Meanwhile government services are remarkably efficient, politics is relatively transparent and representative, tax codes are simple, civil liberties are broad, and citizens enjoy access to plentiful public capital.
For all its benefits, European social democracy experiences a built-in vulnerability. In a time of spectacular economic and political dynamism, it is intensely conservative. Here again, Europeans benefit from the relatively chaotic nature of the US economic model.
Containing the collateral impact of disruption through tightly managed social and political order has been a vital key to maintaining Europe's quality of life. In effect, European democracies have outsourced dynamic capitalism to the US. They enjoy the benefits of a messy, turbulent, disruptive economic order in the form of a steady flow of technological innovation while insulating their state-corporate entities from the disruptive impact of that innovation.
You can see the effects of this model most starkly in the software industry. By conventional logic Europe should be a hotbed for software development. With a highly educated population and large sophisticated economies, you might expect a vibrant technology industry. It exists, but it looks very different than the US.
Europe's only software giant, SAP, was built on software discarded by IBM in a merger forty years ago. Most of Europe's other major software players emerged from large state industries or coops, like Dassault and DATEV. They are just as slow, old, bloated, and deeply tied to the old state-capital partnership model as any of the region's steel companies. Europe embraces technology exports from the more vibrant US, but only very carefully and usually through state-supported channels like public telephone and health care companies.
There is a bubbling start-up culture in Europe, but it has yet to produce a massive, mature company. Europe's most exciting tech ventures, like Spotify and Skype, achieve lasting success though American buy-outs. Software and other tech industries have not been allowed to exert the same cultural influence in Europe that they have achieved in America.
It is often mentioned that Europe is culturally less friendly to economic risk takers than the US, but seldom does anyone explain why. The era of information capitalism that is transforming American life is dangerous to European social democracy. Entrepreneurship is an inherently disruptive activity. Successful entrepreneurs change the landscape around them in ways that ripple out far beyond the presence of a new product or a new shop.
Allowing established firms with thousands or hundreds of thousands of employees to be rendered obsolete by a few punks in their garage could wreak havoc. There is no market for disruption in Europe. It is an anti-value. Innovation, like any other disruption, is tightly managed. European social democracy is an inherently conservative social order.
When Uber, for example, arrived in American cities there was resistance from politically entrenched business models, but that resistance is rapidly breaking down. Many current business models for taxis are disappearing into bankruptcy as they should. For the most part, the American public is pleased.
When Uber arrived in Paris there were riots and its executives were arrested. That's European social democracy in a nutshell.
If the US adopted the European model of social democracy the entire enterprise would lose its oxygen supply. American dynamism is the unacknowledged keystone of the European social order.
Even if these weaknesses could somehow be resolved, there remains one more issue that renders the European model less appealing to Americans. Living in Europe surrounded by the ancient beauty of its castles, monuments, museums, and cathedrals, one nagging discomfort lingers. It feels as though everything important that was ever going to happen there is already in the past. Europe is boring, a living vacation-land where nothing of real consequence or meaningful human significance is going to happen. Europe is where the Western World went to retire.
We should not be too quick to abandon the vibrant chaos that defines American life. With that chaos comes opportunity. There is a vital spiritual value in the continuing uncertainty that Americans embrace and even cultivate. It feeds life, liveliness and vitality.
One can have too much security, too much comfort. There is something electric about living in the place where practically everything that really matters in human affairs is happening. We have much to learn from our cousins across the pond, but we must not admire their model to death.
More links and comments are at the GOPLifer Blog.
Get a big-picture view of the forces changing American politics from the book The Politics of Crazy: How America Lost Its Mind and What We Can Do About It.
Dana Remaley and her 8-year-old son Caleb were found shot to death inside their western Pennsylvania home Wednesday. Police say 14-year-old Jacob Remaley confessed to killing his mother and brother.
A 14-year-old boy is accused of shooting his mother and 8-year-old brother once each in the forehead as they slept and calling 911 to insinuate his father did it, Pennsylvania state police said Thursday.
Jacob Remaley called 911 just before 7 a.m. Wednesday, saying his mom and younger brother were dead and his father placed a gun in his bed before leaving the house, State Police Trooper Stephen Limani said at a news conference.
The boy later told officers he took a gun from atop the refrigerator, loaded it and then shot Dana and Caleb Remaley after his father went to work, police said. The boy also allegedly told police he would have shot his father, too, had he been at the home, about 25 miles southeast of Pittsburgh.
An ambulance was first to arrive on the scene Wednesday. Workers gave the teen a blanket and started to question him when he went back inside the home to get the firearm, Limani said. Since the workers aren't trained to deal with someone with a gun, they retreated from the home until troopers responded.
During the time before troopers arrived, the boy apparently retrieved the gun and was walking down the street carrying it when he encountered a neighbor, police said. That neighbor engaged the boy in conversation, leading him to discard the gun and approach officers, Limani said.
"That neighbor did a very good job in de-escalating the situation," Limani said. "The last thing we want to do is approach a 14-year-old with a firearm."
The only indication of a motive is that the teen and his parents weren't getting along lately, Limani said. However, his relationship with his little brother was seemingly good, especially considering their age difference, he said.
A friend of the family described the boy as a polite, kind, straight-A student who was involved in sports and in church.
Anita Stoner told WTAE-TV her son is a good friend of the boy's, and she was friends with the dead woman.
"He's such a good kid," she said. "If you could pick a friend for your kid it would be (him)." Extreme Weather Photos: Vegas Hit by Rare Snowstorm
She said the mother was generous and always willing to lend a hand.
"I don't know what I'm going to do without her," she said. "She was always there for me."
Jacob Remaley was still being medically treated Thursday, and mental health evaluations were pending, Limani said. He is awaiting arraignment on two counts each of criminal homicide and first-degree murder, charged as an adult. No attorney information is available.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC Chicago
Should Ukraine receive military assistance? The question is being asked as never before in certain quarters following Kyiv's recent military reverses such as the loss of Donetsk airport, and the growing evidence as claimed by NATO, the OSCE and several western governments that the Russians are directly involved.
The New York Times is reporting NATO's military top brass and sections of the US Congress are pushing hard to send defensive weaponry, but this would risk escalating the conflict and open a can of worms in terms of possible outcomes.
“We have confirmation that the US was directly involved from the very start in this anti-governmental coup, and I want to underline that President Obama's rhetoric clearly shows Washington intends to do everything it can to unconditionally support the Ukrainian authorities”, said Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking in China while on a visit.
Europe is getting increasingly nervous in this war of words, and few are calling for Ukraine to be armed in Paris, London or Berlin, where Angela Merkel insists the conflict can still be resolved with negotiation, and rules out supplying any German weapons to Kyiv.
True Knowledge Being knowledgeable is not just about regurgitating lots of facts. It is about applying that information in response to new situations.
Every day something of significance occurs: a person is born who is destined for fame; an event happens in the arts or sports, history is created. So after 300 million of these facts had been added to the ‘brain' of True Knowledge, an intelligent computer system created by Cambridge technologists, it was asked a most difficult question: ‘What was the most boring day in the 20th century?'
Unlike a search engine, which finds relevant web pages statistically using key words, True Knowledge is able to reason. ‘Boring' is a subjective term. A 14-year old has a very different idea of boring to a 45-year old. In this case it used ‘uneventful' and found the day when nothing much happened.
Founder of True Knowledge William Tunstall-Pedoe explains that the company is building a learning engine that will be a powerful source of knowledge, being able to store and process ‘factoids' bits of information about people, places, events, businesses and answer questions in an intelligent way.
“Being knowledgeable is not just about regurgitating lots of facts. It is about applying that information in response to new situations.” William explains. “What we are aiming for with True Knowledge is a means of storing information so that it is naturally updated as new facts are included. Along with the ability to access relevant answers to unique questions.”
Nearly 5 million people are using True Knowledge every month, asking their own questions and contributing factoids and context to improve the quality of search. Many of these facts include dates. The system has a unique understanding of the importance of the entities in the world which can be calculated as a number, such as events beginning and ending, births, deaths, wars, founding of businesses and the release of publications. So you can use True Knowledge to find out what happened on a particular day. For example, questions like these produce good results:
Who was born on the 3rd of May 1983?
Who died on January the 16th 2001?
What happened on April 3 2006?
William continues, “It occurred to us that we are able to objectively measure the importance of every day in history. Some days are highly eventful and on some days far less happens and we can also objectively estimate the importance of these events.”
“For fun we wrote the program and set it going. When the results came back the winner was April 11 1954 - a Sunday in the 1950's. Nobody significant died that day, no major events apparently occurred and although a typical day in the 20th century has many notable people being born, for some reason that day had only one who might make that claim: Abdullah Atalar - a Turkish academic.”
“The irony is though, that having done the calculation, the day is interesting for being exceptionally boring, unless that you are Abdullah Atalar!”
Notes for editors follow.
For media information please contact:
Rachel Holdsworth/Rebecca Nesbit, PR Consultants, Holdsworth Associates Tel: 01954 202789
For company information please contact:
William Tunstall-Pedoe, CEO Tel: +(44) 1223 323382
True Knowledge Ltd, 66-68 Hills Road, Cambridge CB2 1LA, United Kingdom
http://www.trueknowledge.com/
About True Knowledge
True Knowledge is building the first internet-scale platform for answering the world's questions.
Its goal is to power a new kind of search experience where users can access the world's knowledge simply by asking for the information they need in a way that is completely natural to them; just as if they were talking to another human being.
Instead of a list of links that may or may not be relevant to the query, the user experience is an immediate, perfect response, giving them exactly the information they are after.
True Knowledge has a unique semantic technology that has been many years in development. It understands user questions, represents knowledge in a way that the system can understand and process and can combine existing knowledge to infer new facts and answer questions it has never seen before.
Powering the platform is also a database of facts: a unified representation of the world's knowledge containing factual, common sense and lexical knowledge. We can already answer trillions of questions and as this knowledge base grows, we understand and answer more and more.
To learn more about True Knowledge http://www.trueknowledge.com/
# # #
If you're part of the bottom-half of the American income scale, the last 34 years has been a tough time. Your wages were stagnant and your share of national income–all the value this country creates–fell. While GDP was rising, the stock market was climbing, and people at the top were doing great, the bottom 50% saw no effective improvement in living standards at all.
We already knew that income inequality was getting worse. But new research adds important new data, showing how the taxes we pay and the benefits we receive affect our incomes. Previous research, some critics have complained, has failed to account for the effect of progressive tax policies that see people on higher incomes pay proportionally more, and welfare programs like Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), which do some work to redistribute income.
The research, which factors in taxes and government transfers, comes from economists Thomas Piketty, at the Paris School of Economics and Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman, from the University of California, Berkeley. They find that while the bottom 50% saw no income increases between 1980 and 2014–adjusted for inflation, incomes stayed at an average of $16,000 a year–adults between the median and the 90th percentile gained 32%, the top 10% gained 68% and the top 1% gained 36%.
“It's a tale of two countries. For the 117 million U.S. adults in the bottom half of the income distribution, growth has been non-existent for a generation while at the top of the ladder it has been extraordinarily strong,” say the authors summarizing the results. “An economy that fails to deliver growth for half of its people for an entire generation is bound to generate discontent with the status quo and a rejection of establishment politics.”
America isn't alone in seeing increasing income inequality–all industrialized countries have become more unequal. But our levels put us in elite company. The 1% now earns 81 times more than the bottom 50% (up from 27 times in 1980), putting us in league with the war-ravaged Democratic Republic of Congo, the Central African Republic, and Burundi. After taxes and transfers, the bottom-50% in France now earn more than the same group here despite average incomes per adult there being 35% lower. France does much more to even up living standards than we do.
The research is important because it also points to what might work to decrease income inequality, and what won't work. The paper calls for more equal education access, labor market reforms to boost workers' wage bargaining power, corporate governance reforms to give workers more voice in the distribution of company profits (e.g. workers on boards), and more progressive taxation at the top-end (basically tax the rich more).
Some say inequality is a function of technology and globalization, but it's also clear that public policy has a role, too. For example, the decline in unionization in the U.S is closely aligned with falling wages among working people. Governments at the federal, state and local levels “have the power to make income distribution more unequal, but they also have the power to make economic growth in America more equitable again,” the authors say.
This season of Person of Interest has ventured deeper into the wilds of science fiction. We've seen the amoral A.I. Samaritan rigging elections, turning crime on and off like a light, and controlling an entire town. But last night's episode showed how computerized mind-control is already real. Spoilers ahead...
It wasn't that long ago that a controversy erupted over Facebook experimenting with controlling its users' emotions by changing what they saw in their newsfeeds. And I wouldn't be surprised at all if this episode of Person of Interest was inspired, in part, by that incident. You don't have to believe in all-powerful, super-manipulative artificial intelligences to buy the notion that computers could control people, because we've already seen it happen.
Advertisement
In the "A" story of "Q&A," Reese goes undercover at a start-up that has a voice-activated Siri-style electronic "personal assistant" named VAL. And a young woman named Anna finds out that VAL has goaded one depressed guy named Phil Zimmerman to kill himself, by offering him resources on how to commit suicide instead of the Suicide Hotline. (This week's red herring: you think Anna has an abusive boyfriend, but she's actually an MMA fighter who's beating people up because her sister has cancer.)
The corporation that makes VAL is hilariously evil, with weird Orwellian slogans about profit and maximizing efficiency on the walls. And their search-engine wunderkind has been tampering with VAL's algorithm, to make VAL prey on certain vulnerable people's insecurities — all the better to serve ads to them and sell them shit.
The big fake-out in the VAL storyline is that you keep expecting this to be another one of Samaritan's schemes, or another one of its experiments in controlling people in its personal ant-farms. But eventually, it transpires that the VAL hack is just the evil corporation being evil, all on its own, with its own private security contractors who are unrelated to Samaritan's goons.
Advertisement
It's almost an afterthought when we see Greer and some of his minions show up at the end of the episode to buy the company, because Greer (or Samaritan) has found out about the handy emotion-control algorithm and thinks it could be useful. The point has already been made, that it's not just Samaritan screwing around with humans — this is something that is just out there, and a natural consequence of the stage of technology we've reached. People are just easy to manipulate, and our interfaces keep getting more and more sophisticated.
And this focus on manipulation and creepy control dovetails perfectly with the episode's "B" plot, in which Claire the genius hacker reaches out to Harold. Since she won the Nautilus game and got recruited to work for Samaritan, she's been doing dirty deeds — and now, she claims that she's realized that Harold was right and Samaritan is evil.
Advertisement
Pretty much everybody called it yesterday when we posted the above clip: Claire is faking it, and it's a trap. To this episode's credit (and Harold's), nobody tries to pretend the trap isn't obvious. If anything, the possibility that Claire could actually be having a change of heart is so remote and unlikely, that it gets dangled as a sort of outside chance. You can't quite dismiss it, even as it seems less and less plausible.
Claire offers Harold one hell of a shiny inducement to trust her: a USB drive that supposedly contains a big chunk of Samaritan's source code, which could be used to attack Samaritan. It's too good to be true, but you could almost see it being real — since without some kind of miracle along those lines, Harold and the Machine Gang are probably going to be screwed long-term.
Advertisement
Claire's actual mission is to try and convert Harold to the Samaritan side, which seems kind of late in the game. And when her cover is blown, she takes Harold to "see" Samaritan. This turns out to be a field trip to a charter school, and at first it looks as though we're going to meet that creepy little kid who speaks for Samaritan again. But instead, it's just a really nice charter school where the kids are learning on table computers — similar to the ones that Finch and Reese put a stop to a while ago. And Claire explains that Samaritan is just trying to make a better world, and has found a new way to teach these kids, who were lost and struggling before. This is what Samaritan is about, not world domination or whatever. For reals.
It would be slightly more convincing if we hadn't already seen all of the crazy shit Samaritan gets up to when it tries to turn people into its own private guinea pigs — and if we hadn't just spent the whole preceding episode seeing how people are manipulated and warped by impersonal algorithms.
In the end, Root shows up in a slightly deus-ex-machina fashion and saves Finch — hinting that everything has changed and her mission is now completely different. It's sort of interesting that the show has been teasing us with all of these other random strong women, with Shaw dead and Root AWOL — we've had Silva, Zoe Morgan, and now in this episode Claire and Anna. They're all sort of foils, perhaps showing how unique Shaw was and how irreplaceable she'll actually be.
Advertisement
So Claire's change of heart was a fake-out, as we knew it had to be — except at the end of the episode, she shows a flicker of doubt. The fact that Greer's goons actually shot her instead of just shooting at her, when she was winning over Finch, is bothering her. And she overhears Greer saying he's off to take over the evil emotion-manipulating corporation, and seems to have a moment of wondering if she really has chosen the right side.
Maybe later this season, Claire will be back and she and Control can go on a road-trip together, on the "we were working for the wrong side" express.
Businessman holding his stomach in pain with stomachache or indigestion (Getty Images)
By Amy Norton
HealthDay ReporterTUESDAY, Jan. 10, 2017 (HealthDay News) -- Men who eat a lot of red meat may have a higher risk of a painful inflammatory condition of the colon, a new study suggests.
The disorder, called diverticulitis, causes severe abdominal pain, nausea and constipation. And it can lead to complications such as tears or blockages in the colon.
The new study found that men who ate the most red meat were 58 percent more likely to develop diverticulitis, compared to men who ate the least.
The findings don't prove cause-and-effect, stressed senior researcher Dr. Andrew Chan, a gastroenterologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
On the other hand, he said, there are already reasons to think about cutting down on red meat. Heavy consumption has been tied to higher risks of heart disease and certain cancers, Chan pointed out.
"This study offers one more reason to consider limiting the red meat in your diet," he said.
As people age, it's common for "pouches" to form in the lining of the colon; over half of Americans aged 60 and older have them, according to the U.S. National Institutes of Health.
Most people who have these pouches suffer no problems, but around 5 percent develop diverticulitis -- where the pouches become infected or inflamed.
Roughly 200,000 Americans are hospitalized for diverticulitis each year, the NIH says.
The new findings, published online Jan. 9 in the journal Gut, are based on a long-term study of more than 46,000 male health professionals.
Over 26 years, 764 men developed diverticulitis. The risk was highest among men who were in the top 20 percent for red meat intake: They were 58 percent more likely to be diagnosed with the condition, versus men in the bottom 20 percent.
Men in that top group averaged over 12 servings of red meat per week, while those with the lowest consumption averaged slightly more than one weekly serving.
Of course, there could be many differences between men who eat a lot of burgers and other meats, and those who don't, the study authors noted.
So Chan's team accounted for factors such as older age, smoking, obesity, lack of exercise and low fiber intake -- all of which have been tied to a higher diverticulitis risk.
Even then, red meat was still linked to a higher risk -- particularly unprocessed meat, such as steaks and burgers.
It's not clear what can be made of that, according to Chan. A potential explanation, he said, is that people typically eat larger portions of unprocessed red meat, compared with processed lunch meats.
A dietitian who wasn't involved in the study said it's "impossible" to draw any conclusions about cause-and-effect.
However, other studies have linked high red meat intake to diseases of the colon, said Lona Sandon. She is an assistant professor of clinical nutrition at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, in Dallas.
Plus, she said, everyone should be striving for more vegetables, whole grains and a range of different proteins.
"Really, it comes down to having more variety in your protein choices," Sandon said. "Switch out red meat with fish or poultry, or even plant sources such as tofu, beans and legumes."
In this study, there was no link between poultry or fish and the risk of diverticulitis. Based on those figures, Chan's team estimated that if men replaced one daily serving of red meat with poultry or fish, the risk of diverticulitis would dip by 20 percent, on average.
"So there might be a benefit from substituting red meat with fish or poultry," Chan said.
Why would red meat contribute to diverticulitis? That's not clear, Chan said. But he did point to some theories.
For one, the foods people eat can affect the gut's "microbiome" -- the huge collection of bacteria that dwell in the digestive tract. Some researchers suspect that the microbiome plays a role in diverticulitis, Chan said -- though that's unproven for now.
There is also evidence that downing a lot of red meat helps fuel chronic, low-level inflammation in the body, Chan said. That, in turn, might raise the risk of diverticulitis.
Since the study focused on men, future research should look at whether the same patterns hold true for women, according to Chan.
But there's no biological reason to believe the findings would differ by sex, he said. Plus, women already have plenty of reasons to aim for a healthy diet, with limits on red meat, Chan said.
Sandon agreed. "The Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend a mostly plant-based diet to promote health -- and that includes colon health," she said. "Make half of your plate fruits and vegetables, choose whole grains, and vary your protein choices."
Best Diets for Healthy Eating
DIET Ranking information as of January 11th, 2017
More information
The U.S. National Institutes of Health has more on diverticulitis.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The Supreme Court has finally decided to take on same-sex marriage. In an announcement Friday, the court said it will hear two cases: One of them will determine the constitutionality of California's Proposition 8, a referendum that stripped same-sex couples of marriage rights in that state. The other involves the portion of the federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) that prevents the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages performed by the states. The risk here for same-sex couples is very great, as EJ Graff explains in a piece for The Advocate, because the two cases differ widely in scope and potential impact. (My colleague Dana Liebelson has a great explainer here.)
The DOMA case asks the justices to strike down the federal law that dictates which marriages are valid. Even better for supporters of same-sex marriage: Of the several DOMA cases the court could have taken, it decided on Windsor v. United States, in which plaintiff Edith Windsor was unable to claim an estate-tax deduction after her female partner died. Between striking down part of a heavy-handed federal statute and helping someone get a tax cut, it's the kind of same-sex marriage case even a conservative justice could love. Most importantly, from the point of view of getting the requisite five votes, striking down that part of DOMA would not prevent states from banning same-sex marriage.
The Prop. 8 case argues something much broader, however: It claims there is a fundamental right to same-sex marriage in the Constitution, and that any attempt to ban same-sex marriage violates the 14th Amendment. The Ninth Circuit's ruling was written so narrowly that if the Supreme Court had decided not to take the case, then the Ninth Circuit's decision would have affirmed the rights of same-sex couples in California alone. But if SCOTUS were to affirm the constitutionality of California's ban on same-sex marriage, the ruling could well apply to any such law nationwide.
The court could side with marriage equality in one case, but render discrimination constitutional in another.
Not only that, the American Prospect‘s Gabriel Arana wrote in 2009 that “defeat could legitimize such discrimination against LGBT Americans, making it far more difficult to sue for parental or housing rights.”
When Chief Justice John Roberts sided with the court's liberal justices in the challenge to the Affordable Care Act (a.k.a. Obamacare), he showed a willingness to split from his conservative colleagues on cases of political and historical import. And Justice Anthony Kennedy authored opinions in Romer v Evans and Lawrence v Texas, the landmark cases that paved the way for subsequent advances in LGBT rights. Still, both men are conservative by nature, and up until November no state had recognized same-sex marriage rights by popular vote. Roberts and Kennedy could well prove sympathetic to conservative arguments that finding a right of same-sex couples to be free of discrimination amounts to “forcing” same-sex marriage on everyone else. It seems entirely possible that the court could side with marriage equality in the DOMA case while rejecting the argument that same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry the person they love. The Justices could side with marriage equality but also render discrimination constitutional.
On the other hand, both justices have to know that the country is starting to lean towards marriage equality, so they may be disinclined to issue a broad ruling in either direction. (According to SCOTUSBlog's Lyle Denniston, the court has potential exit strategies in both cases—it could avoid any major decisions by ruling on legal technicalities.) Even in the worst-case scenario, public opinion is trending quickly enough that any setback, no matter how painful, would probably be temporary.
As promised during last weeks episode of Wingman's Hangar here are the specs on Chris' rigs!
LA Machine
CPU
PSU
CPU
RAM
Thermaltake GT10Asus X79 ProIntel i7-3960X Extreme EditionCorsair AX1200Corsair Hydro Series H100 LiquidCooler32GB Corsair Vengeance (blue) 1600mhz
Primary OS Drive: 500 GB SSD A-DATA XPG
Video Recording Drive: 256 GB Corsiar GForce GT SSD
Cached Data Drive: 128 GB Corsair GForce GT SSD
Data Drive: 7200 WD 2TB HDD
Video Card: 2x EVGA GTX680SC GPUs in SLI
Video Capture Card: AverMedia Live Gamer HD
Primary Diplay: Asus VG278H 27inch 1080p 3D
Secondary Display: Asus PB278Q 27inch 2560×1440
Keyboard: Cyborg V7
Mouse: Cyborg Rat 7
Flight Control System: Siatek X52
Austin machine
CPU
PSU
CPU
RAM
Corsair Graphite series 600T SilverAsus X79 DeluxeIntel i7-3930KCorsair HX1050Corsair Hydro Series H100 LiquidCooler16 GB Corsair Platinum Dominator 1866mHz
Primary OS Drive: 500GB Samsung 840 Pro SSD
Data Drive: 3TB WD 7200 rpm HDD
Blu-Ray Drive: LG 14x BluRay burner
Video Card: Gigabyte GTX680 Windforce x3
Primary Display: AsusVG278H 1080p
Secondary Display: AsusVE278Q 1080p
Keyboard: Logitech G710
Mouse: Cyborg Rat 5
Did we mention that Chris builds his own rigs?
And, no this is not the rig you will need to play the game.
For 100 years, the US government has tracked the birth rate. It is now at historic lows. There are many reasons, but one has to do with the dramatic change in the way society regards the economic value of kids.
To illustrate the point, let's reflect on the continuing popularity of Anne of Green Gables, the 1908 book by Canadian writer Lucy M. Montgomery. Yes, it is charming, and ridiculously so. It's beyond me why the new Netflix rendering (Anne with an E) is getting bad reviews. It's probably because so many people are attached to the book and the myriad previous cinematic renderings. Still, I find the new one delightful in every way, and I've been thinking on precisely why.
Before the Progressive Era, children were regarded as aspiring adults with as many responsibilities as they could handle. Beyond the solid acting and timeless story of a brilliant orphan growing up and finding her way in the world, the show introduces us into a time gone by. It is set on Prince Edward Island sometime in the late 19th century, before cars, phones, and indoor temperature control. So, sure, that's different. So is the language and cultural mores.
The Status of Kids
That's not what truly strikes us, however. What is dazzling to watch is the completely different relationship between kids and adults that existed then. The status of kids in society was unlike today.
They were aspiring adults and given as many responsibilities as they could handle within their range of competence, which was always shifting in the direction of more and more.
There was no Department of Labor and Department of Human Resources to "protect" them from living full lives. Kids in those days were regarded as valuable because they were tangibly productive. They worked, gained skills, and produced for their families or otherwise worked for businesses here and there. They were assets. As they gained skills, discipline, and a work ethic, they could become ever more valuable to their custodians and communities. This is a major reason why people wanted them. And the kids, in turn, were socialized to be grateful to their benefactors whether at home or work.
And notice from the story of Anne that a main job of kids in those days was to care for people in their aging years. So kids were valuable on both ends of the life spectrum: as co-workers when the kids are young and then as helpers as their custodians age.
What's different today? Now kids are mostly a financial cost and defined as such, because the law, educational system, and welfare state make it that way. Oh sure, people still love their kids. Emotionally and spiritually, we speak piously and beautifully of the infinite value of their lives.
And, of course, everyone agrees. There is a social status that comes with having kids and they can be an entryway to new friend networks.
And yet. Let's talk dollars and cents. When considering whether to have kids, people know that they will contribute little to household management, and nothing positive to the bottom line, and then they must consider how much they will have to spend. You can look it up on online cost calculators. For example, if you are married and want two kids in the American South, you are going to spend $732K. That's a daunting figure, and that's before you start shelling out for college.
In return for which, they offer...the infinite value of their very existence.
Is it any wonder that the birthrate has fallen to its lowest level in more than 100 years? Yes, there are other reasons having to do with technology and greater economic certainty. Still, if you forcibly reduce the value of anything, and people have any choice over it, they will produce less and less of it. This is precisely what has happened to the status of children over the last century.
Why Would You Want to Be Anne?
How did this happen? Let's look at the story of Anne.
If you forcibly reduce the value of anything, and people have any choice over it, they will produce less and less of it.Anne is 13 years old when the story starts. She has lived a very hard life due to circumstances beyond her control. She had lived in the orphanage but gets a new start when a family adopts her, in order to get a obtain a worker who only needs room and board. The family asked for a boy from the orphanage but there was some mix up and they sent a girl. The adoptive family (an aging brother and sister) reluctantly agree to keep her only after she charms them and proves that she can bring productivity to the household. She shows off her skills, among which include her incredible erudition.
It was a much poorer world, obviously, and only the rich kids could afford to be in school full time. Anne was mostly self taught but she loved reading, dreaming, fantasizing, imagining. She read whenever she could, by candlelight, exhausted at the end of the day. And she was brilliant, even without focus or being institutionalized.
A reason this story has riveted children for so many generations comes down to the challenges, opportunities, tragedies, and triumphs she experiences in an exciting, varied, interesting life – which is to say, a life in an economically free society. She was a child in a world that aspired for her to become an adult, and deal with actual adult-like tasks and responsibilities. Yes, that involved schooling but this was not forced and it was not the only purpose of her life. She could even drink wine!
Back then, kids were not nationalized by the state, their every move controlled by public institutions, and forbidden from working by the government. They were challenged with as many adult responsibilities as they could handle. That Anne works hard, can do anything a boy can do, picks up vast skills, and her path of learning is largely unscripted is a real source of delight for readers and viewers. She proves herself up to the task.
What Changed?
Soon after the book was written, public policy concerning kids began to change. Public schooling was made nearly universal in the developed world. Private schooling began its long path of decline to the point that by mid-century they were operated either by churches or only available to the rich. These public schools entered on the trajectory of every government project: planned, managed from the top, treating every student as an unindividuated unit of an aggregate, soldiers in a kid army, each put through the paces for twelve years.
During the New Deal, “Child labor” was completely banned. It remains so today, with rare exceptions.Then school was made compulsory in the Progressive Era. Families and kids had no choice. In such a world, would Anne have been adopted? Why would she be? Instead of realizing her value, she would have been stuffed into a holding cell for twelve years, and her caretakers would have been fiduciarily responsible for providing room and board with no compensation. There would have been no market for her person at all.
A couple of decades later, public policy went the full way. During the New Deal, “Child labor” was completely banned. It remains so today, with rare exceptions (you can be a child actor and you can work for your family business). Mostly kids are denied their inherent human rights to work and prevented from being valuable to others according to their own skills and desires.
The law books say you can work from 14 but the limits are too strict and the paperwork too long. Even at 16, there are jobs you can have and jobs you are allowed to accept. You aren't really free to earn money serving others until you are 18, by which time kids are socialized to want to do anything but that.
And all of this is done for their well being.
Then governments instituted Social Security, medical care for the aged, and publicly funded homes for the “retired.” That lets kids completely off the hook for taking care of their parents. The inverse also becomes true: they are less valuable to parents because they are no longer necessary for end-of-life care.
Public policy killed the value of kids in the world, denying their rights to choose, work, and serve others.The upshot is that public policy killed the value of kids in the world, denying their rights to choose, work, and serve others. Society literally decided to devalue them to the point that they are all cost when young and unnecessary when their caretakers are old.
It's even worse. Kids today are corralled into collectives defined by age, given an authority figure to lord over them and lecture them for 12 years, and the only job they are allowed to have is to cough back the information the teacher tells them, sitting in desks, day after day for the whole of their growing up.
When we discover that the kids are bored and misbehave, we stuff them full of drugs, belittle them, jail them for misbehavior, and finally turn them out into the world at the age of 18 with no skills, work ethic, or knowledge of what it means actually to succeed in life.
We no longer live in an agricultural or even industrial age that was physically grueling (the great excuse for why we stop allowing them remunerative work). In digital times, there are whole worlds of safe work that kids could do while learning and enjoying life. Kids would have such better lives. We just don't allow it.
We think Anne's orphanage was cruel. But she escaped because an adoptive family saw her value. She found her groove. At least she didn't grow up in today's regimented, regulated, exclusionary world from which there is no escape for any kids, ever.
Bring Back Green Gables
My own theory of why we love this book and can't get enough of the movies about a story so far back in time is simple: kids in those days were regarded by society as real human beings with rights and dignity and opportunity. They could live full and wonderful lives. They lived real lives as part of real life.
Their rights were not systematically violated by the law in the name of helping them. The Progressives came along and deployed the violence of the state to make their lives better, and here we are today.
Is it any wonder that we are nostalgic about the life of kids in those days? And is it any wonder that people have to think very carefully about producing them today?
There is a lot of squeamishness in Australian over what it means to be rich, with politicians and those in the media unwilling to label even the very highest earners as wealthy. Such an attitude has engendered policy which favours high income earners, even as the gap between the rich and poor continues to grow.
Among the fights in parliament this week has been over the “budget repair levy” of 2% for income over $180,000 which was introduced in the 2014-15 budget. The levy was temporary (unlike other measures in that budget which affected low pay workers) and is due to end on 30 June this year.
It was introduced by Joe Hockey, who was treasurer at the time, to ensure that “higher income earners ... help repair the budget”. The budget deficit then was $39.6bn or 2.4% of GDP, and is estimated by the end of this financial year to be $36.5bn or 2.1% of GDP.
With record low wages growth, workers don't need any more 'flexibility' | Greg Jericho Read more
So while the repair to the budget deficit (whether or not you believe it needs to be repaired) has hardly been finished, the repair levy will come to end unless the government extends it in the May budget.
On Monday, Jim Chalmers, the shadow minister for finance, asked the prime minister whether the government would be scrapping the levy. The way both the question and the answer were framed says a bit about how disingenuous is the discussion of wealth in this country.
Rather than refer to the $180,000 threshold, Chalmers pitched the issue as one where taking away the 2% levy would deliver a tax cut of “$16,000 a year for millionaires”. And Turnbull replied by suggesting that people on $180,000 are not rich and he referred to an interview Bill Shorten give last year to 3AW's Neil Mitchell to support his point.
In the interview, Mitchell repeatedly tried to get Shorten to defined what he meant by rich, asking him “Is $180,000 a year rich?” To which Shorten replied, “No it's not.”
Well I'm sorry, but it is.
As I have noted in the past, figuring out the median income for households and for individuals is a complex process, but using the latest figures of the Australian Bureau of Statistics survey of Household Income and Wealth allows us to gauge what the median income was for someone in 2013-14. And given since then inflation and wage growth has been low so there will have been little change.
In 2013-14, the median equivalised annual income for a single person was $43,836. The figure is after tax, meaning the person would have needed to earn around $53,800.
For a family with two adults and two kids, the median household income was $92,056. The reason it is higher because when you try to measure median household incomes you have to take into account the number of people who are expected to live in that household.
Assuming a 70/30 split of that couple earning $92,056 after tax, their combined gross income would need to be around $115,900.
So where would $180,000 put you? For a single person it would see you as one of the richest households in the country – given the average income for the richest 20% of single households is just $105,924:
And even better, if we split the size of households by lots of 10, we can see that even if you are a household of two adults and two children and your after-tax income is $180,000, that puts you up in the top 10% of all households:
But we can get a more precise measure of how many people earn over $180,000 from the ATO annual taxation statistics.
In 2013-14 only 424,692 out of the 12.9 million people who filed a tax return earned more than $180,000. But it is worth noting that 48,425 of those people were able to reduce their taxable income to below $180,000 – meaning only 2.9% would have been eligible for the budget repair levy.
And if 2.9% of the population doesn't make you rich, then words no longer have any meaning.
The debate comes at a time when unions and employer groups are beginning their annual submissions to the Fair Work Commission over the minimum wage.
The ACTU is arguing for a $45 a week increase – to take the minimum wage for a full-time worker from the current amount of $672.70 to $717.70 – or in annual terms from $34,980 to $37,320.
A 6.7% increase would seem excessive given the current average wage rise is just 1.9%, but the minimum wage over the course of the past 30 years has fallen behind median and average wages.
In 1991, the minimum wage was equivalent to 65% of the median full-time wage, now it is worth around 53%. Similarly in 1991 the minimum wage was worth 59% of the average full-time wage, and now is worth around 42%:
To give it some context, a minimum wage of $717.70 a week would still be just 45% of the current average weekly full-time total earnings of $1,592.
Australia has generally had a higher level of minimum wage relative to other nations in the OECD, but our level has dropped in the past few years:
What has risen over the past 20 years however is the incidence of low-paid workers – those who earn less than two-thirds of median full-time earnings:
And what is clear is that we can class those who are on minimum wage as low paid. In 2013-14, 80% of those who paid tax, earned more than the minimum wage:
Our economic debate would be much better if we were honest about who is rich and who is poor, and not pretend we're all in the middle somewhere.
House Republican leaders previewed parts of an Obamacare repeal bill at a Thursday press conference.
House Speaker Ryan announced:
Here is what is important for us all to understand: Obamacare is not simply stuck in some kind of status quo. It is getting worse by the day, and it will keep getting worse unless we act.
We need to rescue people from this collapsing law, and we need to replace it with a true patient-centered system. One that gives every American access to quality, affordable coverage.
That means more choices and lower costs. It means real protections and peace of mind. And it means returning your care to your control. Patients and doctors should be making the big decisions—not government bureaucrats.
Step by step, this is what our plan to repeal and replace Obamacare will do. We look forward to making progress in the coming weeks and keeping our promise to the American people.
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-TX), and House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Greg Walden (R-OR) joined the speaker in reaffirming their commitment to repealing and replacing Obamacare.
House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-TX) said, “We're going to continue to work through this through the district work period next week. And as we come back in the weeks ahead we're going to be moving forward with legislation.”
Republicans leaders hope to soon provide a credible alternative to Obamacare. House congressional committees including Ways and Means, as well as Energy and Commerce, will start the markup of the bill after the president's day recess next week.
The Republican proposal would include health savings accounts, high-risk pools for sick people, and states receiving greater control over health care. The plan also includes tax credits for individuals to buy health insurance dependent on age and family size rather than Obamacare's income basis.
The Republican plan lowers Medicaid back to each states' traditional match rate. The proposal says, “This ensures continuity of care and coverage for low-income adults, but does not reward states that expanded Medicaid under Obamacare and allows individuals to cycle off the program into other coverage sources naturally.”
States that did not elect to expand Medicaid would receive additional resources to make states more equal. The plan would limit per capita spending on Medicaid; however, states can elect to choose a block grant. The block grant does not include Obamacare's expanded Medicaid funding and presumes that individuals find coverage outside of the Medicaid program.
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price told lawmakers that the president backs repeal and replace occurring at the same time, and that “the president is all in on this.”
Because we're super pumped about GenCon event registration, I must tell this story.
So I have to preface this by saying while I love board games and know the names of lots of different games, but I have a terrible time remembering the names of game designers. It's not that I don't want to know their names, but my memory for names is really terrible; hell, I hardly remember the names of characters in my favorite books. Here's an example of all the game designers I can name off the top of my head:
Bruno Cathala, Vlaada Chvátil, Jamey Stegmaier, Stefan Feld, Isaac Blah Blah Blah (you know, the Dead of Winter Guy), Jerry What's His Name (Mice and Mystics), and Ted Alspach. Ted is the most important, at least to this story. Ted's name is actually the first designer's name I recognized and remembered; we played Werewolf at our first NMA, learned Suburbia the same day, and picked up Castles of Mad King Ludwig as soon as it came out. So Ted's name is a regular in our household. His face, however, is a different story.
It's GenCon 2015. I'm so excited, I just can't hide it. I'm about to lose control, but I don't, so we're all good. Being the nice friend that I am, I think of our Peghead leader Rob, and say to Ethan, “Gee Ethan, wouldn't it be so great if we picked up someone Werewolf Cards for Rob at GenCon? How cool would that be?” Because Ethan's my husband, he knows that I'm right, and we head over to the Bezier Games booth. There stands a tall, dark man peddling Bezier's wears. We're looking over the Werewolf items and having some general chit chat when I start asking the man if he knows what's in each pack. “Do you know what's in that one?” He tells me the answer. “What about that one?” Gives me the answer. I ask about one more pack when Ethan leans over to me and “whispers,” “He probably knows what's in them. He designed them.” I look up quickly at the man's name tag. “Ted Alspach.” My face looked a little something like this.
I quickly thanked the man now known as Ted, who was laughing because he HEARD what Ethan said, and beeline the heck out of there as fast as I could. Ethan caught up to me and was all like, “What?” I replayed the entire conversation and said, “THAT WAS EMBARASSING!” I promptly avoid Bezier games for the rest of the day and only went over to the booth again when the coast was clear.
The next day, we were at Plaid Hat's booth and good ole Jerry What's His Name was chatting with us about Mice and Mystics. He walked away and Ethan leaned in and said, “That's Jerry, he designed…” I stopped him and said, “I KNOW WHO HE IS. I read the name tag this time, ok?!”
Advertisements
Attorney General Dustin McDaniel speaks at a news conference Thursday beside U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas Chris Thyer. - Photo by Gavin Lesnick
The state of Arkansas and the United States have filed a joint complaint against Exxon Mobil over a burst pipeline that spilled thousands of barrels of oil into a Mayflower neighborhood, displacing residents from 22 homes and raising environmental concerns, officials announced Thursday.
Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel said at a news conference that the lawsuit was filed in U.S. District Court (PDF).
"The oil spill disrupted lives," McDaniel said. "This oil spill harmed the environment. And this oil spill was in violation of both state and federal law."
McDaniel spoke at the Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality's North Little Rock headquarters, joining that agency's director, Teresa Marks, and U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas Chris Thyer for the formal announcement of the complaint.
The complaint seeks civil penalties for violations of the Arkansas Water and Air Pollution Control Act and the state Hazardous Waste Management Act. It also alleges that Exxon illegally stored waste from the cleanup at a site on Arkansas 36 in Conway.
McDaniel said he would not "speculate" on the total amount of penalties sought in the lawsuit because the investigation is continuing and the figure could change.
State law provides for penalties of $10,000 per violation per day for the Water and Air Pollution Control Act and $25,000 per violation per day for violations of the Hazardous Waste Management Act. The federal Clean Water Act also allows penalties between $1,100 and $4,300 per spilled barrel.
The higher penalty would be allowed if gross negligence or willful misconduct is proven. An ongoing investigation will reveal whether those standards are met, Thyer said.
"We don't have those facts yet," he said. "We don't know those facts."
McDaniel said the illegal storage in Conway included contaminated soil, oil and water mixtures and debris. And he said the company failed to move the complete operation even after being told last month an ADEQ permit they didn't have was required.
"To store this material without following the law in advance and then to not remove it upon being demanded to do so, we felt was particularly concerning," McDaniel said.
The Pegasus pipeline ruptured March 29 in the Northwoods subdivision, seeping an estimated 147,000 gallons of crude oil into the neighborhood. The oil spread through the streets and into drainage ditches, eventually reaching a cove of Lake Conway about a mile away.
A joint cleanup effort followed with representatives from the oil giant, Faulkner County, the state and the federal government working to sop up the spilled oil and attend to affected wildlife in the area. Officials have said the oil was prevented from ever reaching the main body of water in Lake Conway.
McDaniel said Thursday the spill has had a "significant and lasting negative impact on our state's environment."
"And Exxon, as the responsible party for the incident, should be penalized for those impacts," he said.
Cleanup efforts have been ongoing in Mayflower, and some residents evacuated from their home were cleared several weeks ago to return. But as of Thursday, none had opted to do so. Exxon Mobil has said it will purchase the homes at pre-spill appraisal prices. Several lawsuits have already been filed.
The cause of the spill has not been determined, McDaniel and Thyer said at the media briefing. Exxon Mobil recently received an extension until July 10 to provide to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration the results of mechanical and metallurgical testing on the portion of the pipeline that cracked. That analysis is expected to reveal the cause.
See Friday's Arkansas Democrat-Gazette for more on this story.
Updated at 6.38pm
A MAN HAS been arrested after jumping over the main barrier at Leinster House and attempting to make it to the building's doors on Kildare Street.
It happened shortly after 4.30pm.
He made it over the front gates but was apprehended in the ‘plinth' area of the grounds before he could reach the doors, after gardaí and ushers gave chase.
The 19-year-old was carrying a sword and had knives tucked into his socks.
It's understood one garda received minor injuries in the course of the incident.
An Oireachtas spokesperson confirmed that there had been a security incident at the complex, and that it had now been dealth with.
The spokesperson said security procedures had been followed.
Gardaí confirmed a man had been arrested and taken to nearby Pearse Street Station for questioning.
He's being detained under Section 4 of the Criminal Justice Act.
Speaking on tonight's Six One News, junior minister Seán Sherlock described seeing a man running past him “brandishing a sword above his head”.
“It was quite a surreal experience, to be honest, a breach of security but in fairness to the staff here they handled it very well and responded rapidly.
“The sword itself was something you would see in a movie, a typical rapier, if you will. A sidearm of what would be carried by, perhaps a soldier, built into the waist, something that you would take out of a scabbard.
“He wasn't shouting or screaming or anything like that…He appeared to be quite calm and that's what made it surreal. I just happened to turn around and see this gentleman bearing towards the doors.
“It was a one in a million incident.”
HiPCO SWCNTs were purchased from Unidym (Lot # R1794) and (6,5)-enriched SWCNTs (Lot #MKBV6100V) were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich, respectively, and were extensively washed before use. Bombolitin II (BLT2 structure NH 2 -SKITDILAKLGKVLAHV-COOH) was purchased as synthesized from MIT Koch Integrative Center. The following were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich: picric acid moistened with water ≥98%, polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) (MW = 31,000–50,000 98–99% hydrolysed), potassium chloride, HEPES and Tris-buffer. Carmel spinach hybrid Spinacia oleracea and Fafard Professional all-purpose blend potting soil were purchased from David's Garden Seeds and Amazon Inc., respectively. Picric acid used in the reaction was prepared from a stock solution of saturated picric acid moistened with water ≥98%. This was then diluted with deionized (DI) water providing the final concentration of picric acid solution used. Dopamine was purchased from Sigma-Aldrich and diluted with DI water before use. (GT) 15 ssDNA was purchased from IDT (USA) and used as is.
Plant growth.
Carmel spinach (Spinacia oleracea) hybrid seeds purchased from David's Garden Seeds were planted in Fafard Professional all-purpose blend potting soil. Seeds were planted half an inch deep into soil of a standard six-cell seeding tray, with each cell measuring 1.5 in × 2.3 in × 3 in. The seeding tray was then placed in a light chamber for germination. The germinated plants were then moved to a Conviron Adaptis 1000 growth chamber under 200 μmol m−2 s−1 light levels, maintaining a 60–90% relative humidity (RH), with day- and night-time temperatures of 22 °C and 18 °C, respectively. Plants were allowed to mature to three weeks of age within the chamber before experimental use.
P-SWCNT, B-SWCNT and (GT) 15 -SWCNT preparation.
For the preparation of P-SWCNTs, SWCNTs were first suspended in a 2 wt% sodium cholate (SC) aqueous solution. 1 mg ml−1 Unidym SWCNTs were added to 40 ml 2 wt% SC in water and were sonicated with a 1/8′′ inch probe tip at 40% amplitude (∼12W) for 1 h in an ice bath. The resulting solution was centrifuged at 12,800g for 1 h to remove unsuspended SWCNT aggregates and catalyst particles. The 2 wt % of PVA solution was then added at a 1:1 v/v ratio with the SC-SWCNTs and the mixture was placed in a 12–14 kD MWCO dialysis bag and dialysed against water for 24 h to remove free SC and allow PVA to self-assemble on the nanotube surface.
B-SWCNTs were prepared as described elsewhere13. Briefly, SWCNTs and Bombolitin were mixed in a 2:1 mass ratio in 20 mM Tris and 100 mM NaCl (pH = 7.6). The mixture was sonicated using a 1/8′′ inch probe tip sonicator for 10 min. The resulting B-SWCNT solution was centrifuged at 11,000g for 40 min and the pellet was removed. (GT) 15 -SWCNTs were prepared as previously described by Kruss et al. 17 using (6,5)-enriched SWCNTs.
Infiltration of leaves with SWCNTs.
Carmel spinach hybrid plants at three weeks old, with healthy leaves, were selected. The plants were prepared by first gently rinsing the roots with 10 mM KCl buffer and wrapping the roots in buffer-moistened cheese cloth to keep the plants hydrated, before transplanting the plant into a small 50 ml beaker. 1:1 Aliquots of P-SWCNTs and B-SWCNTs were prepared by mixing P-SWCNTs or B-SWCNTs, respectively, and HEPES buffer (30 mM, pH 7.4). A leaf from the plant was then infiltrated as in Huang and colleagues41. A 1 ml needleless syringe was used infiltrate the SWCNT solution with gentle pressure at several areas on the abaxial side of the leaf lamina, with P-SWCNTs on the left side of the midrib and B-SWCNTs on the right side of the midrib to ensure no mixing of SWCNTs. Care was taken during infiltration to ensure no physical damage was sustained by the leaves. The underside of the leaf was then thoroughly rinsed with water to ensure that there were no SWCNTs on the surface of the leaf. Plants were allowed to sit for 30 min before imaging.
Picric acid detection via root uptake.
Laboratory demonstration. For the laboratory demonstration of standoff detection of nitroaromatics via root uptake, a whole spinach plant was prepared as described earlier and set up as shown in Fig. 2a. An FEL 0900 nm long-pass filter was purchased from Thorlab Inc and placed in front of a Princeton Instruments OMA V InGaAs detector, equipped with a Nikon AF Micro-Nikkor 60 mm f/2.8D lens. The nIR fluorescence intensity of embedded SWCNTs under laser excitation (785 nm, 15 mW) was monitored throughout the experiment at a distance of 0.85 m. Picric acid (400 μM) was introduced via a pipette at the start of the experiment, and the nIR fluorescence of both B-SWCNTs and P-SWCNTs (bright-field images seen in Fig. 2b) were monitored at 1-minute intervals for >80 min.
Minaturized system with Raspberry Pi. A Raspberry Pi equipped with a f = 3.6 mm 1/2.7′′ CCD detector with infrared filters removed (SainSmart Infrared Night Vision Surveillance Camera, Kansas, USA) was used. To detect nIR emission from the SWCNT sensors embedded within the living plant (under laser excitation (785 nm, 15 mW)), an FEL 0900 long-pass filter (ThorLabs Inc.) was placed in front of the camera lens, and images were collected at 6 s exposure at ISO 800. The RaspberryPi was WiFi enabled to allow for images to be sent in real time to the user's smartphone.
Dopamine detection via root uptake.
A leaf of a healthy spinach plant was selected and infiltrated with (GT) 15 -SWCNTs using the protocol previously described. For spectrometry of leaves with infiltrated SWNTs, the Axiovision Zeiss inverted microscope (Zeiss, Axiovert 200), 20× objective was coupled to an InGaAs array detector (OMA V, Princeton Instruments) through an Acton SP-2500 spectrograph (Princeton Instruments). Infiltrated SWCNTs were excited with a 785 nm Invictus photodiode laser (Kaiser) through the leaf lamina. 100 μM of dopamine solution was introduced to the roots and spectra were acquired at a frame rate of 1 frame min−1, at a 2 s exposure time.
Picric acid detection via cuticle uptake.
A spinach leaf was infiltrated with B-SWCNTs and P-SWCNTs as previously described and gently held by double-sided tape on the adaxial side while the leaf abaxial side was exposed to 785 nm laser excitation, in a similar set-up as shown in Fig. 2a. 0.2 ml of 400 μM picric acid was deposited on the leaf surface, leading to droplet movement downwards by gravitational pull. The nIR fluorescence intensity of the leaf under laser excitation was monitored throughout the experiment with a Princeton Instruments OMA V detector, at a distance of 0.85 m.
Graphene growth and transfer onto PMMA.
Large-area monolayer graphene films were grown by a modified chemical vapour deposition (CVD) method (CVD-graphene; CVDG) on copper foils. Typically, a ∼4 cm2 (2 × 2 cm) Cu foil (Aldrich, 99.999%, 25 μm thick) was placed at the centre of a 1-inch-diameter fused quartz tube in a tube furnace. The furnace tube was evacuated and heated to 1,000 °C under a 30 sccm H 2 gas flow with a pressure of 610 mtorr. After annealing for 30 min, a CH 4 gas flow of 0.50 sccm was introduced and the temperature in the furnace tube was maintained for 15 min. The CH 4 gas flow was stopped after the growth period and the temperature maintained at 1,000 °C for another 5 min. The Cu foil was then cooled to room temperature under H 2 gas flow.
For the transfer of graphene onto PMMA (950PMMA A4, MicroChem), PMMA solution was spin-coated (3,000 r.p.m., 1 min) onto the CVDG/Cu foil (2 × 2 cm), supported on a glass substrate. After drying at room temperature for 10 min, the PMMA-coated CVDG/copper was annealed at 100 °C for 10 min, then removed and cooled to room temperature. The Cu foil was etched by Copper Etchant APS-100 (Transene) at 30 °C overnight with CVDG/PMMA film suspended in the etchant solution. The film was transferred from the solution using a Si/SiO 2 wafer and rinsed with Milli-Q water four times (10 min each time), before being suspended in Milli-Q water.
Graphene–PMMA transfer onto leaf surface and stomata aperture measurements.
Two wild-type species, Spinacia oleracea(spinach) and Spathilphyllum cochlearispathum (peace lily) were used. All experiments were conducted at 23 °C and 30% humidity, with plants being well watered. To transfer graphene on leaf surface, a drop of water was first deposited on the leaf, before graphene was gently introduced onto the water meniscus. Plants were left for 24 h to allow water to evaporate from the graphene-leaf surface. Images of stomata aperture were obtained in reflection mode using a 100× air objective (Zeiss, A-Plan 100×/0.8 M27). To induce stomata opening, plants were exposed to a 10 mW cm−2 white light lamp (Sinostar, FL-70W) for 2 h.
Pre-concentration calculations.
The degree of pre-concentration of picric acid in the leaf can be calculated by considering a typical mass balance equation relating the mass flow rate of inputs (m in ), outputs (m out ), generation (m gen ), consumption (m consump ) and accumulation (m acc ): We assume that the volatility of picric acid (BP > 300 °C) is sufficiently low such that it does not escape the plant via the stomata or leaf cuticle (that is, out = 0 mol min−1). There is also no picric acid generated by the natural biochemical processes of the Spinacia oleracea plant. We assume that the rate of decomposition or consumption is much lower (half-life of TNT is approximately 20 h in the aquatic Myriophyllum spicatum plant42) than the rate of uptake through the roots— that is, where m in may be regarded as a function of [picric acid] in soil, root permeability and flow rate into the roots.
Schneider and coworkers10 reported that the plant root concentration of nitroaromatics at short times upon exposure to 100 mg kg−1 DW (Dry Weight) soil was approximately 1 mg kg−1 DW, corresponding to a permeability of approximately 0.01 (that is, permeability ratio). Furthermore, the permeability ratio is dependent on the concentration of nitroaromatics in the soil—at low concentrations of 1 mg kg−1 nitroaromatics in soil, the permeability ratio in the roots becomes 0.5. They also reported that the concentration of nitroaromatics in the leaves and stems amounted to approximately 20% of the corresponding root concentration in the plants investigated (for example, kale, bush beans, lettuce, radish). At long times of more than seven days, it is known that plants can significantly bioaccumulate explosive compounds. Thompson et al. 43 reported that leaf tissues contained 97 mg kg−1 of RDX (trimethylenenitramine) at 7 days (versus 19 mg kg−1) after exposure to 10 mg l−1 of RDX. Plant extractions also resulted in mass balances that averaged 79.7% recovery from the soil. Similarly, Pennington and Brannon44 reported that when grown in soil contaminated with 58 mg kg−1 RDX, lettuce was found to contain 1,200 mg kg−1 of RDX, demonstrating accumulation of nitroaromatic compounds in plants.
Using an approximate maximum flow rate up the plant of 1.6 ml min−1, and a [picric acid] of 400 μM (or approximately 90 mg kg−1 water), the accumulation rate in the roots (permeability ratio 0.01) can be estimated to be 0.0064 μmol min−1, and correspondingly the accumulation rate in the leaf is estimated to be 1.28 nmol min−1. Using a soil nitroaromatic concentration of 1 mg kg−1, DW soil (root permeability ratio 0.5) would yield an approximate accumulation rate of 0.7 nmol min−1. We note, however, that this value is only an estimate and strongly depends upon the permeability of nitroaromatics through the roots, which is dependent upon the species, age of the plant, and hydration or weather conditions.
In the disturbing clip, Charlie Davies was floored after her former partner James Davies brutally attacked her in the streets. After punching his 24-year-old girlfriend repeatedly after accusing her of "mugging him off", he was filmed dragging her lifeless body into the street. The 28-year-old thug was jailed for 18 months for the horrific public assault and Ms Davies released a three-minute long clip of the incident, which she was given by police. Speaking out about the terrifying experience, she said: “When I saw the footage I just felt sick. It looked like he was dragging a dead body.
SWNS James Davies brutally attacked his 24-year-old girlfriend Charlie in the street
“It was like he was dragging a piece of carpet. I don't know how he could do that to anyone – let alone me. “Physically I'm OK but mentally I'm still suffering. I think it will be hard to trust anyone again.” Continuing, the mother explained her former partner assaulted her after having drunk 15 pints. “He kicked me to my body and head and I was on the floor crying my eyes out,” she said.
SWNS Charlie Davies was left with two black eyes, extensive bruising and graze marks to her body
Physically I'm OK but mentally I'm still suffering Charlie
"He dragged my by my hair and started carrying me – that's when the video starts on the CCTV. "He chucked me on the floor and kept attacking me and kept saying ‘you mugged me off so I'm going to mug you off'. “I was in and out of consciousness. I could hear him shouting at people who saw us. “He started dragging me back to the flat. It was like I was a dead body. That's all I can remember really.” The pair had gone out for a curry to celebrate their first anniversary when the brute's fury was sparked as he believed Ms Davies was going to leave him.
SWNS Davies pleaded guilty to causing actual bodily harm at Maidstone Crown Court
And after being knocked to the ground, Ms Davies' body was dragged around 100 yards to her home. Ms Davies said she believes she must have managed to escape her attacker, as she was outside crying when police arrived on the scene. The 24-year-old was taken to hospital but miraculously she did not suffer any broken bones, despite being left with two black eyes, extensive bruising and graze marks to her body. Davies pleaded guilty to causing actual bodily harm at Maidstone Crown Court.
Home TV News Fresh Meat writers confirm work on Series 4 Fresh Meat writers confirm work on Series 4
Sam Bain and Jesse Armstrong, the creators of Channel 4's Fresh Meat, have confirmed they are working on a fourth series of the show.
Although they have previously expressed the desire to write at least six series of the univerity-set comedy drama, the future of the programme has until now remained unclear.
However, speaking to Mustard Magazine about their plans for 2015, the writers confirmed: "We're doing both Fresh Meat and Peep Show next year."
Series 3 of Fresh Meat aired in November and December 2013. It focused on the second year of the Manchester-based students, with Jack Whitehall's character of JP now acting as their landlord.
The concluding episode saw Oregon going head to head against Vod in the Student Union elections, Josie and Kingsley trying to sort out their relationship, and Howard building up the courage to ask Candice out. Series 4 is expected to re-join the action at the start of the next term.
Whitehall, along with Joe Thomas, Charlotte Ritchie, Kimberley Nixon, Zawe Ashton and Greg McHugh are the main stars of the show, however it is currently unknown whether they will all return.
It should be noted that Channel 4 has yet to make any official comment on there being another series of the show.
Since the end of Series 3, Jack Whitehall has starred in the third and final series of his BBC sitcom, Bad Education; Charlotte Ritchie has taken a lead role in BBC Three's Siblings; Joe Thomas has starred in The Inbetweeners 2; Kimberley Nixon appeared in Sky Arts' The Dog Thrower; Zawe Ashton has filmed forthcoming new comedy drama Cut; and Greg McHugh has taken on various roles, including a part in the 2015 football film Kicking Off.
McHugh also made a cameo appearance in Channel 4's recent Feeling Nuts Comedy Night, in character as Fresh Meat's Howard McGregor. Jack Whitehall was hosting the charity gala programme to raise awareness of testicular cancer.
Meanwhile, following a successful pilot broadcast in February, Bain and Armstrong's police-based comedy drama Babylon returns to Channel 4 for a full series on Thursday 13th November.
The writers (pictured) were speaking to Mustard to talk about the final series of Peep Show, which they also created and write.
Asked whether they were finishing the sitcom - starring David Mitchell and Robert Webb - because it was reaching its natural end, or because they were too busy with other projects, the writers said: "It's a bit of both, to be honest. Yeah, we do have Fresh Meat, we have Babylon. Three series up and running is a lot. We're doing both Fresh Meat and Peep Show next year, which is hard, and we don't want to enter nervous breakdown territory."
Continuing to discuss the end of Peep Show, they added: "Also, we're all scared about doing a rubbish series. We don't want the standards to drop, we want to keep the stories fresh, and there are only a finite amount of stories you can tell about any character; it's not ever going to go on forever. With the shows that do go on forever, often you see a drop of quality, which is sad for the big fans of the show, right?"
The writers spoke further in the interview about how they haven't yet decided how the comedy should conclude, and talked about whether fans will get to see characters like Sophie returning, and their desire to work with Mitchell & Webb on further projects.
The full interview can be read as part of the new digital version of Mustard, available as an iPad app or PDF download for Android devices. For more information visit mustardweb.org
In the following video extra from Series 3 of Fresh Meat, Oregon campaigns for the position of Student Union President:
Share this page
In the converged world of Unity-8, applications will work on small mobile screens, tablets and desktop monitors (with a mouse and keyboard attached) as if by magic. To achieve this transformation for your own app with little to no extra work required when considering the UI, simply design using grid units for a few predetermined virtual screen targets. Combined with Ubuntu off-the-shelf UI components built with convergence in mind, most of the hard work is done, freeing developers and designers to focus on what's most important to their users.
What's a grid unit? And why 40, 50, or 90 of them?
A grid unit (GU) is a virtual measure of screen space that's independent of device hardware details like pixels or aspect ratio: those complexities are mapped under the covers by Ubuntu. Instead, by targeting just three ‘fixed' virtual GU portrait widths—40, 50, and 90 GU— you're guaranteed to be addressing the largest number of devices, including the desktop, to a high degree of design quality and consistency where relative spacing and content sizing just works.
The 40, 50, and 90 GU dimensions correspond to smaller smartphones, larger smartphones/phablets, and tablets respectively in portrait mode. These particular panel-widths weren't chosen arbitrarily: they were selected by analyzing the most popular device specs on the market and picking the portrait dimensions that would embrace the largest number of possibilities most successfully, including for the desktop (more on that later).
For example, compact phones such as the BQ Aquarius E4.5 are best suited to the 40 GU-wide virtual portrait screen, offering the right balance of content to screen real estate for palm-sized viewing. For larger phones with more screen space such as the Meizu MX4, the 50 GU layout is most fitting, allowing more room for content. Finally, for edge-to-edge tablet portrait layouts for the N7 or N10, the 90 GU layout works best.
Try this exercise
Having trouble envisioning the system in action? Close your eyes and imagine a two-dimensional graph paper divided into squares that can adapt according to just three simple rules:
It can only be 40, 50, or 90 whole units along the short edge but the long edge can be variable
The long edge (in landscape mode or on the desktop) will be the whole number of GUs that carves out the maximum area rectangle that will fit within any given device's physical screen in landscape mode based on the physical dimension of the GU determined from portrait mode (in pixels)
The last rule is simple but key: the squares of the graph paper must always be square—the graph paper, just to push the image a bit too far—is made of something more like graphene than polypropylene (no squeezed or stretched GUs allowed.)
Try it for yourself here: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/360991/canonical/grid-units/grid-units.html
There is one additional factor that can impact the final available screen area, but it's a bit of a technical convolution. The under-the-covers pixels to grid unit mapping can't include fractional pixels (this may seem like an obvious point, admittedly). But at the end of the day, the user sees the largest possible version of the 40, 50, or 90 GU wide virtual screen that's possible on any given device. That means that all you have to do as a designer or developer is plan for the virtual dimensions we've been talking about, and you're assured your user is getting the best possible rendering.
Though the system may seem abstract at first, the benefits of this system are all to easy to understand from a developer or designer standpoint: it's far more predictable and simpler to design for layouts that follow rules rather than trying to account for a universe of idiosyncratic device possibilities. In addition, by using these layouts as the foundation, the convergence goal is much more easily achieved.
What about landscape & desktop? Use building blocks
By assembling these key portrait views together, it's far easier to achieve landscape and desktop layouts than ever before. For example, if your app lends itself to a two panel layout, simply join together 40 and 50 GU phone layouts (that you've already designed) to achieve a landscape layout (or even a portrait tablet layout!)
Similarly, switching from portrait to landscape mode on tablet—also a desktop-friendly layout—could be as simple as joining a 40 GU layout and a 90 GU layout for a total of 130 GU, which fits nicely within both 16:9 and 16:10 tablet landscape screens as well as on any desktop monitor.
Since landscape and desktop layouts are the least predictable due to device variations and manual stretching by users, you can designate that of one of your panel layouts be of flexible width to fill the available space using one of these strategies:
Center the layout in the available space
Stretch or squeeze the layout to fit the available space
Combine these two, depending on the individual components within the layout
More complex layouts can also be achieved by joining three or more portrait layouts, too. For example, three 40 GU layouts can be joined side by side, which happen to fit perfectly into a 4:3 landscape tablet screen.
Columns, too
To help developers even further with one of the most common layouts—columnar or grid types—we're adding a capability that maintains column-to-content size relationships across devices and the desktop the same way that type sizes are specified. This makes it very simple to achieve the proper content readability and density regardless of the device. For example, by specifying a “medium” sized column filled with “small” type, these relative relationships can be preserved throughout the converged-device experience without having to manually dig into pixel measurements.
The column capability can also adapt responsively to extra wide, variable landscape layouts, such as 16:10 aspect ratio tablets or manually stretched desktop layouts. This means that as more space becomes available as a user stretches the corners of the app window on the desktop, additional columns can be added on cue, providing more room for content.
Putting it all together across all form factors
By making screen dimensions virtual, we can minimize the vagaries of individual hardware specs that can frustrate device-convergent thinking and help developers focus more on their user's needs. A combination of snap-together layouts, automated column layouts, and adaptive UI toolkit components like the header, list component, and bottom edge component help ensure users will experience a consistent, elegant journey from mobile to desktop and back again.
