Located on the corner of Figueroa and 101st Street in South Central Los Angeles, Tam's Burgers has been a part of the neighborhood for almost thirty years. Nick Benetatos took over the restaurant in the late '80s after his father retired. Tam's has withstood multiple recessions and even the 1992 LA riots.
"When the markets were burned down, liquor stores were burned down, everything was burned down, people had nowhere to go, they came to us. We were handing out loaves of bread for free." says Benetatos. "We have much love for the community. And the community obviously has much love for us."
But Tam's is now facing its most daunting challenge yet: being deemed a "public nuisance" by the city of LA. The Los Angeles Police Department believes that Tam's is a magnet for drug dealers, prostitutes and violent criminals.
"It has a nexus and a connection to a disproportionate amount of criminal activity," says Detective Eric Moore, head of LAPD's Nuisance Abatement unit.
But Benetatos says that he is simply making the best of a tough situation. He's even tried to work with LAPD before, honoring their requests that he remove payphones on the property and remove tables for outdoor seating, which he says resulted in a 15 percent decline in revenues. The city's zoning board has since ordered him to comply with 22 separate conditions, such as hiring a full-time security guard, fencing in the entire property and installing a security camera that links directly to LAPD's electronic surveillance system. Benetatos says that the cost of compliance would put him out of business.
"The LAPD wants to control my business and run it in their view of how it should be run, and I'm trying to run it in the view that I've been here for 30 years and know how it should be run, and I'm successful," says Benetatos, who appealed the zoning board's conditions at a recent city council meeting.
Entrepreneur vs. LA's city government: Who will prevail? Watch Reason TV's video above to find out.
About 5 minutes. Produced by Zach Weissmueller. Shot by Tracy Oppenheimer, Sharif Matar, and Weissmueller.
Scroll down for downloadable versions, and subscribe to Reason TV's YouTube Channel to receive immediate updates when new material goes live.
Sheryl Sandberg, COO of Facebook CBS 60 Minutes Women's groups like Women, Action & the Media (WAM) are praising Facebook for taking a harder stance against violent, sexist content on its site.
Facebook has actually been trying to keep the site clean of hate speech for some time, using algorithms and moderators. But it mostly focused on comments about ethnic groups or sexual orientation.
Last Tuesday, WAM sent an open letter demanding that the company add gender-based hate speech to its list of forbidden content. This led to 60,000 tweets, 5,000 emails, and the backing of over 100 organizations, WAM said in a blog post.
In that open letter, WAM pointed out some really horrific pages and photos on Facebook:
"Specifically, we are referring to groups, pages and images that explicitly condone or encourage rape or domestic violence or suggest that they are something to laugh or boast about. Pages currently appearing on Facebook include Fly Kicking Sluts in the Uterus, Kicking your Girlfriend in the Fanny because she won't make you a Sandwich, Violently Raping Your Friend Just for Laughs, Raping your Girlfriend and many, many more. Images appearing on Facebook include photographs of women beaten, bruised, tied up, drugged, and bleeding, with captions such as "This bitch didn't know when to shut up" and "Next time don't get pregnant."
Today, Facebook responded. It agreed to add gender-based hate to its list of no-no's. Facebook says it will do a long list of things to scrub that stuff off of its site, from updating its guidelines to training moderators.
One rule is particularly interesting. If someone is posting borderline material, Facebook plans to out the person, it said in a blog post.
"A few months ago we began testing a new requirement that the creator of any content containing cruel and insensitive humor include his or her authentic identity for the content to remain on Facebook. As a result, if an individual decides to publicly share cruel and insensitive content, users can hold the author accountable and directly object to the content. We will continue to develop this policy based on the results so far, which indicate that it is helping create a better environment for Facebook users."
Here's hoping that Facebook can help the Internet become a nicer place, or at least its own corner of the Internet.
It's been a long day and you've got some time to kill, so you grab your Samsung Galaxy S7 and fire up your favorite game. You're all set to crush the level that you've been stuck on for the last seven weeks—it's so close you can taste it. Then your bff decides to send a text that interrupts your game, which throws you off your mark. You lose again.
Before you throw your phone across the room from just thinking about it, there is hope: Samsung's Game Launcher is a killer way to dramatically improve your mobile gaming experience. Here's what you need to know about it.
What Game Launcher Does
Game Launcher is basically Samsung's push to improve mobile gaming on the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. It's a set of tools that essentially allow you to customize how your phone will react when certain variables are met—like a touch of the back button or a call coming through, for example.
You can use Game Launcher to disable all alerts during a game, so your friend won't ruin your game again. It can also lock out the “back” and “recents” buttons, so you won't exit the game if you accidentally hit a button. You can even use it to quickly take a screenshot or record gameplay and lay down some audio on top of it. Sounds to me like it may be time to start a YouTube channel, you're gaming machine.
But it also does more. You can even use it to save battery life by reducing the resolution and frame rate. This, of course, will make the game look and play slightly worse, so it may not be something everyone wants to use. But if you're worried about running out of juice and just have to get your Farm Heros fix in, this may be the solution.
How to Set Up Game Launcher
This is actually the easy part. On your Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge, jump into the app drawer and scroll down until you find “Game Launcher.” Tap that.
When it opens, all of your installed games should show up. It's not the best at detecting exactly what a game is, so there may be some off apps here—along those same lines, it may not show every game you have installed. Unfortunately, there doesn't appear to be a way to add non-listed games just yet. Bummer.
At the bottom of the Launcher, there are two toggle-able options: “No alerts during game” and “Game Tools.” The former will do exactly what it says: disable all alerts when a game is running in the foreground.
The latter, however, isn't quite as straightforward. Essentially, this is a a tiny icon that display along the side of the screen that allows you to tweak most Game Launcher settings when a game is running. This is where you'll do things like lock the back and recents keys, grab a quick screenshot, or start a recording.
Right now, the biggest downside of Game Launcher and Game Tools is that they're only available for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. These are both useful tools that I'd personally like to see Samsung release in Google Play for all Android devices—but unfortunately I realize that's just not going to happen. At the very least, maybe they'll trickle them down to the S6 and Note 5. Hopefully.
The Biblical god Yahweh is the cruelest character in all literature: he condoned slavery, slaughtered swathes of children, razed cities to the ground on a whim. But of all his ruthless deeds, none were as cruel as shortening mankind's once bountiful lifespan to a mere threescore year and ten. At least to the vain among us.
David Bowie's fantastic twenty-fifth studio album ‘Blackstar' is dense with religious imagery. Its dark serpentine corridors are haunted by spectres of fallen angels, saintly whores and prodigal sons. But pivotal to it all is that sacred number seven: the seven decades allotted to man after his expulsion from Eden, each tied symbolically to a day of Creation, each characterized on ‘Blackstar' by one of its sprawling, jazz-rock odysseys. “One man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages,” wrote Shakespeare in the opening monologue of ‘As You Like It' . Recorded in New York City with a local jazz group as a backing band, ‘Blackstar' is an album that pays homage to that passage of time.
If last studio album, 2013's ‘The Next Day', sounded like a man fighting against the confines of his own mortality, ‘Blackstar' is an aural shrug-of-the-shoulders – an acceptance. "Seeing more and feeling less/ Saying no but meaning yes/ This is all I ever meant/ That's the message that I sent,” he softly sings in his inimitable way on 'I Can't Give Myself Away', bowing his head to – and trying to make sense of – the unknowable inevitability of time. But there's nostalgia too. "Where the f*ck did Monday go?" bemoans a crestfallen Bowie on the eerily perfect 'Girl Loves Me', his voice tinged by yearning, pining for yesteryear.
Stylistically, ‘Blackstar' is more impenetrable than ‘The Next Day'. Its jazz-rock soundscapes are hazier: title track ‘Blackstar' and lead single ‘Lazarus' in particular are shrouded in an almost menacing glacial ambience. Bowiephiles and those with bookish pretensions will rejoice: there's a rich treasure trove of literary allusions to decipher, from 17th century literature to Germanic mythology. But there's a wealth of accessible surface riches too: the doom-laden horn section of 'Lazarus', the heart-warming and heart-rending dual piano lines of 'Dollar Days', and the skittering drum 'n' bass backdrop of 'Sue (of In a Season of Crime)'. It's quintessential Bowie in its disregard for convention, in the way it expresses the unconventional via the conventional, in the way it's simultaneously intellectual and anthemic.
David Bowie's career has been one of perpetual re-invention. He is pop music's real-life Prometheus, a Titan prepared to endure an endless cycle of death and resurrection for the sake of gifting fire to man. Deliberately released on the date of his 69th birthday, it came as he was entering the twilight stage of that what both God and Shakespeare termed the final act. ‘Blackstar' may well be his final gift to us mere mortals, but it's an incredible final chapter.
Words: Benji Taylor
- - -
- - -
Environment secretary Caroline Spelman calls on water companies and public to plan now for 2012 water shortage
Drought will almost certainly hit parts of England next summer unless there is sustained rainfall this winter, according to the environment secretary, Caroline Spelman.
Her warning came on Thursday as South East Water applied to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs for a drought order to help refill Ardingly reservoir, where the level of usable water is now just 12%, to secure supplies for East and West Sussex.
Spelman warned that water companies and the public needed to plan now for a potential drought in 2012. Spring in 2011 had been the driest in England for a century.
The Environment Agency said the south-east of England was at a high risk of drought because of continued low rainfall, while central and eastern England were unlikely to see a full recovery from current water shortages.
Parts of the rivers Colne, Nene, Trent and Kennet are nearing their lowest-ever recorded levels for November, a report by the agency has revealed.
Anglian Water has already been issued with a drought permit allowing it to refill two of its reservoirs from rivers in an attempt to avoid hosepipe bans next year.
Severn Trent Water will have to apply for a drought permit to refill the Tittesworth reservoir in Staffordshire if it is not replenished naturally by next spring, the agency said.
The drought order requested by South East Water would allow the company to reduce the minimum flow of the river Ouse and slow down the rate of water drawn out of Ardingly reservoir so that it can refill more quickly.
Lee Dance, head of water resources for South East Water, said: "Faced with a worsening drought situation, and with no sign of significant rainfall and customer demand for water continuing, it is vital we take immediate steps to protect Ardingly reservoir and our customers' water supplies."
He said the short-term impacts on the river Ouse would be minimal but measures had been put in place to protect the environment.
Spelman said: "It may have surprised people that we've granted Anglian Water a drought permit in November, but it is a warning of the need to take action now after the country has seen the driest 12 months since records began.
"Everyone has worked hard to stave off any threat of hosepipe bans this year, and help keep our rivers flowing.
"Unfortunately, if we have another dry winter, there is a high risk that parts of the country will almost certainly be in drought next summer – so it's vital we plan ahead to meet this challenge."
She added: "Droughts are not new but we may face a future with less rainfall and less certainty about when that rain will fall."
Graham Rahal was placed on probation for six races by IndyCar on Tuesday for his role in an accident with Marco Andretti.
Reviews showed Rahal was guilty of blocking and initiating avoidable contact Sunday on Lap 22 at Long Beach, IndyCar race director Beaux Barfield said. Andretti's car hit the back of Rahal's, launched briefly into the air and spun into a tire barrier.
Andretti said Rahal chopped him, adding: "I'm lucky I didn't get upside down. I could have been killed."
Barfield and his team did not review the accident until they returned to Indianapolis because both cars were knocked out of the race and it wasn't a pressing matter.
"All stewards have reviewed the incident and have decided that the on-track actions of Graham warranted probation because of driving that endangers on-track safety and adversely affects competition," Barfield said in issuing the penalty.
The probation runs through IndyCar's June 23 race at Iowa Speedway. The penalty notice on Rahal said, "If the improvements are not met, IndyCar may impose other penalties at its discretions."
The IndyCar rule book states that a driver must not alter their racing line to inhibit or prevent passing, and the penalty is a minimum of a black flag "drive through" penalty. The rules also state a driver must not initiate or attempt to initiate avoidable contact that results in the interruption of another competitor's lap time or track position.
Rahal and Andretti declined comment Tuesday through their race teams.
But after the race Sunday, Rahal denied chopping in front of Andretti.
"By the rules, you're allowed to make one move. I made one move," he said. "At the speed he hit me at, he wouldn't have made the corner. It broke my gearbox, that's how hard he hit me. If we had just run wheel to wheel it would never, ever have been that bad. But the rate of speed that he was carrying, he wasn't going to make it. Plus at that corner at that time, I was protecting my line to the right, which I'm allowed to do by the rules."
When asked about Andretti's claim he'd been chopped, Rahal intimated that Andretti seldom takes responsibility for mistakes on the track.
"What's Marco's last name?" Rahal asked. "I've said enough."
That triggered a brief commotion on Monday when racing great Mario Andretti, the drivers' grandfather, asked Rahal on Twitter if he had a problem. Rahal replied he'd prefer to talk to Mario Andretti rather than have a discussion on Twitter.
Andretti replied with a tweet referencing the quote about Marco's last name, adding: "That insult includes me. You insulted me to the world & I responded."
The two spoke by phone on Tuesday and both posted on Twitter that everything was fine between them. Rahal had previously tweeted he had also spoken with Marco Andretti.
Following a short clip previewing the sound of the Valkyrie's engine last month, the marque has now revealed specs for the 6.5-litre V12 that Aston Martin developed in conjunction with Cosworth. With a staggering 11,100rpm redline and power output of 1000bhp, the engine will be the most powerful naturally aspirated road car unit ever produced.
The new information comes with yet another preview of the car's engine sound, featuring the Valkyrie's Cosworth-developed V12 running on a dyno. The engine blitzes through revs startlingly fast and makes a noise similar to that of an early 1990s V12 F1 car.
But the Valkyrie is far from nostalgic – it's been conceived by Aston Martin and Red Bull Racing and will borrow cutting-edge F1 tech; the engine, despite already being phenomenally powerful, will by augmented by a KERS-like electric boost. It'll need all the F1 influence possible, because the car will go head-to-head with the Mercedes-AMG Project One – with its full F1 turbocharged V6 – when it's finally released. Only 99 Aston Martin Valkyries will be built, with 24 track-only editions set to follow soon after. The price for the road-going Valkyrie will be somewhere between £2m and £3m.
The most recent batch of images released of the Aston Martin hypercar showed it in near-finished form with production-ready lighting and a full interior. Throughout the design process, Adrian Newey, chief technical officer at Red Bull Racing, continuously honed the Valkyrie's aerodynamics which were subsequently translated into the Valkyrie's overall design by Marek Reichman's (vice president and chief creative officer at Aston Martin) team.
A quick glance at the Valkyrie not only confirms Newey's influence, but the importance Aston Martin has placed on aerodynamics to achieve the incredible performance it will undoubtedly deliver. Because the car is built around a carbonfibre tub, Newey has had greater scope to create the slippery shape and integrate aero elements such as the vast Venturi tunnels underneath the car that deliver huge downforce, rendering heavy active aero systems and drag-inducing wings obsolete.
Aston Martin Valkyrie: design details
While downforce has always been the core design deliverable, the team also had the challenge of finishing the Valkyrie with the sort of details befitting an Aston Martin car of this price tag. One example is the front badge. Deemed too heavy when made from the traditional enamel, Aston Martin has instead designed a chemical-etched aluminium badge just 70 microns thick. At about 30 per cent thinner than a human hair, the badge is then covered in a thin layer of clear lacquer to protect against the elements.
The headlights are also very specialised and are 30 to 40 per cent lighter than other units available to Aston Martin. The team stripped back the components found inside a normal headlight, directly mounting the essential elements to a single aluminium frame and removing all the shrouding one would usually see in a headlight unit.
Aston Martin's creative director of exterior design, Miles Nurnberger, has said: ‘I would say we're around 95 per cent of the way there with the exterior design. Much of what you see is actually the structure of the car, so this had to be signed off relatively early in the project. The remaining areas of non-structural bodywork are still subject to evolution and change as Adrian [Newey] continues to explore ways of finding more downforce.'
The Valkyrie interior was perhaps the biggest challenge, though, as designers had to work within the strict packaging allowances dictated by the carbonfibre tub. Like Ferrari did in its LaFerrari, Aston Martin has mounted the seats directly to the tub to save space, while all the controls have been placed on an F1-inspired steering wheel.
The Valkyrie also continues Aston Martin's tradition of names beginning with V – such as Vanquish, Volante and Vantage. Reichman said: ‘Aston Martin model names have deep meaning. They need to inspire and excite. The Aston Martin Valkyrie is an incredibly special car that demands an equally remarkable name; an uncompromising car that leaves nothing in reserve. The connotations of power and honour, of being chosen by the Gods, are so evocative, and so pertinent to a car that only a fortunate few will ever experience.'
Cosworth engine tech for Aston Martin Valkyrie
Aston Martin has drafted in Cosworth to help develop the hybrid powertrain. The British outfit has been tasked with building the engine and admitted that the Valkyrie will feature the most powerful naturally aspirated road car engine yet, with 1000bhp. Sourced from a 6.5-litre V12 augmented by a ‘lightweight hybrid battery system', the electric element is expected to be configured in a KERS-style boost system akin to those equipped in Formula 1 cars.
The brand has recently revealed that the engine will be capable of producing its peak 1000bhp output at 10,500rpm, 545lb ft of torque at 7,000rpm and will hit redline at a rather ridiculous 11,100rpm. Aston Martin says that the majority of the engine's internal components are machined from solid material, including F1-spec pistons, making for an exceedingly light engine at just 206kg - Cosworth's 3.0 litre V10 F1TM engines weighed 97kg, if scaled-up to 6.5 litres they would weigh more, at 210kg. As if 1000bhp wasn't enough, performance figures will be further boosted by a battery hybrid system, something that Andy Palmer speculated would add around 130bhp to that figure.
One of the many deliverables with the Valkyrie is a 1bhp per kg power-to-weight ratio, meaning that we expect a weight of around 1130kg if Aston Martin and Red Bull hit their target.
Aston Martin hasn't been shy in its search for project partners. Ricardo is engineering a bespoke seven-speed paddleshift gearbox, while Rimac is developing the hybrid battery system. Construction of the carbonfibre Monocell will be taken care of by Multimatic, Alcon and Surface Transforms will supply the brakes, Bosch will deliver the ECU, traction control and ESP systems and Wipac is handling the full LED head and tail lights.
Adrian Newey says of the technical partners supporting the AM-RB 001 project: ‘Much like Formula 1, designing, engineering and building a car like the AM-RB 001 is a massive team effort. To achieve great things you need to surround yourself with the best people.
‘Experience, creativity, energy, diligence and perfectionism are absolute must-have qualities in every area of the project. Having great technical partners such as those working with us is both reassuring and motivating. Together we aim to produce an innovative piece of engineering art.'
Michelin announced as Valkyrie tyre partner
A car sure to be among the most extreme ever made available for the road needs tyres to suit, and at the Geneva motor show Michelin was confirmed as the official tyre partner for Aston's hypercar.
Surprisingly, the tyres chosen for the Valkyrie aren't some entirely new type designed to Adrian Newey's exacting requirements, but a set of Michelin Pilot Sport Cup 2s – a tyre we're more than familiar with from dozens of other sports and performance cars.
There's a good reason for that, of course: there's currently no better tyre for high-performance road and track work, but the Valkyrie is sure to put the Cup 2s to their greatest test yet. Up front, 265/35 R20 rubber will be used, and 325/30 R21 at the rear – a staggered set-up common to mid-engined supercars – and Aston Martin has kept unsprung weight to a minimum by wrapping the rubber around 20x9.5-inch and 21x11.5-inch magnesium centre-lock wheels.
Aston Martin Valkyrie: what is it?
The result of a collaboration between Aston Martin and Red Bull Advanced Technologies involving lots of very talented people. However, it will forever be known as ‘Adrian Newey's road car'.
That's no slight on anyone else involved, more a mark of the significance of the most successful F1 designer of all time finally diverting his vast brainpower to a car that people – very rich people, admittedly – can actually buy.
We imagined it would be covered in those intricate aero tricks, flips and slits that give you a migraine if you stare at them for long enough on an F1 or LMP1 car. But no. The Aston Martin Valkyrie looks so pure and simple. It's beautiful.
It's a two-seater supercar but the occupants will sit with their feet above their hip point – just like an F1 or LMP car. It's made from carbonfibre, the composition and thickness of which (it varies depending on strength requirements) is defined by Newey and Red Bull Advanced Technologies.
The huge power output will come from a high-revving, normally aspirated V12 with KERS, that's completely bespoke and shares nothing with the current Aston Martin V12 we know from the likes of to Vanquish. Nor is it related to the One-77 or Vulcan engines.
Suspension is inboard, pushrod operated and said to be incredibly sophisticated. Expect an active suspension system, although Red Bull Advanced Technologies and Aston Martin remain very tight-lipped about the exact make-up of the system.
>Aston Martin Vulcan first ride review
Freed from the constraints of racing regulations Newey has devised a car that looks set to instantly make cars like LaFerrari, P1 and 918 Spyder seem archaic, heavy and, unbelievably, rather slow. It has downforce levels similar to an LMP1 car, and will achieve 4.5 G of lateral force (on slicks rather than the Cup 2 road tyres, we presume).
UPDATE: Fulton County Board of Assessors have emerged from a closed session to announce they do not think they have the legal authority to rescind property value assessments.
To read more about what they are doing in response to complaints of high assessments, click here to read the full story, only on myAJC.com.
ORIGINAL REPORT: Members of the Fulton County Board of Assessors have moved into closed session at a meeting to decide if they should rescind property value assessments that dozens of residents said cannot be correct because they rose so dramatically over last year.
More than 100 people attended the meeting of the assessors, with more than two dozen – including a state senator, the mayor of Milton and a member of Atlanta's city council – appealing to the assessors about high values.
Complaints have been pouring in to the Fulton County Tax Assessor's office and commissioners have been getting an earful, since residents have been receiving their 2017 property tax assessments.
In letters to the Board of Assessors, the cities of Milton, Johns Creek and Atlanta requested the group rescind the assessments. Fulton County's board of commissioners has done so as well.
The Board of Education at Atlanta Public Schools has asked the county not to rescind the assessments. Courtney English, the chair of the school said he hopes for a compromise that allows residents to afford their tax bills, while still providing enough revenue for the needs of students.
Dwight Robinson, the chief appraiser, said some neighborhoods in East Point, Milton and College Park will be revalued after a review of areas that saw increases on 50 percent or more. He could not say how many neighborhoods were affected be the revaluation.
Dwight Robinson, chef appraiser, speaks before Fulton County residents during Wednesday town hall meeting in advance of Thursday's meeting of the county's Board of Assesssors to determine if they will uphold the current property assessments, which feature dramatic increases over last year. HYOSUB SHIN / HSHIN@AJC.COM (The Atlanta Journal-Constitution)
Additionally, he said, residents whose valuations should have been frozen because of appeals, but who received an increase, will be reverted to their original values. That change affects about 1,800 people.
“This is not political theater,” Fulton County Commission Vice Chairman Bob Ellis said. “This is grave and this is real.”
Fulton County commissioners pleaded with the Board of Assessors last week to rescind the assessments, saying that the huge jump in values for many residents would represent a hardship when tax bills came.
They asked that the board use the same valuations it did in 2016 so property taxes this year wouldn't increase for residents.
Nearly a quarter of the 318,000 residential parcels in Fulton had assessments that were up 50 percent or more; half were up by at least 20 percent.
The spikes come after Fulton for years failed to keep up with rising property values, Robinson said previously.
In order to catch up with the market, the board had to increase values dramatically, he said.
“This is like shell-shock,” said Edith Ladipo, who lives in Adams Park. “We had no notice. It's putting a big burden on senior citizens.
Last week, members of the Board of Assessors said the new values — high though they may be — were in line with an improved market.
>> Return to ajc.com and myAJC.com for updates.
MYAJC.COM: REAL JOURNALISM. REAL LOCAL IMPACT.
The AJC's Arielle Kass keeps you updated on the latest happenings in Fulton County government and politics. You'll find more on myAJC.com, including these stories:
Never miss a minute of what's happening in Fulton politics. Subscribe to myAJC.com.
Destro. International Arms dealer. Weapons supplier to the most powerful Terrorist organization in the world: Cobra.
This is an Icon.
Destro's full name is James McCullen Destro XXIV and he owns a castle in Scotland. Destro is the head of M.A.R.S. (Military Armament Research System). He is in love with Cobra's second-in-command, the Baroness, Anastasia DeCobray. He wears a mask forged from beryllium steel because an ancestor of his was caught selling weapons to both sides in a war.
Destro first appears in the Marvel Comics series G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero #11, but it wasn't until #14 where he was fully revealed. I still remember seeing that page where he is standing in front of the Baroness making her call him by name. The storyline with Cobra attacking the US Treasury in Washington to spread the Plague through the US currency, the Baroness blowing up and Destro choosing between shooting Hawk or Cobra Commander while suffering the loss of his love on the back of a Hiss tank.
Yes, dear reader, this is a child's toy and a story from a comic book. Now maybe you know why GI Joe rules............this #$&? is AWESOME !!!!!
But here's the figure.....
The first Destro figure was released in 1983, in the second line of GI Joe. Hasbro needed to bolster the bad guy ranks and they produced a doozy. Anyone who had this figure loved it.
Came with a pistol that could be stored in his backpack/briefcase.
To this day I remember pulling this guy off the pegs of Hills department store and being soooo excited. The Joes are cool and all, but the bad guys are usually more colorful. Besides I had this crack commando unit and only a Cobra Commander with a mickey mouse on his shirt, Major Bludd (mail order), a Cobra Officer and a Cobra Trooper to fight em. That's not good odds folks..... Destro and the second line of GI Joe gave me some more presence on the villain side.
With Larry Hama cranking out those awesome story lines at Marvel, I was deep into GI Joe mania. I hope that every one gets to have something like this in their childhood. Just pure unadulterated fun and imagination to fill your time as a kid, being able to act out adventures without parallel. To this day I am so glad for the day I discovered this toy line in K-Mart. I'll probably take all these memories to my grave without a moment of regret.
You just don't have that happen to you enough in life.﻿
NOTE: If you try this at home, PLEASE don't electrocute yourself!
I recently began designing a prototype ECG for mobile applications. My design goals for this project were mostly educational: to better familiarize myself with the facets of bluetooth connectivity and Android app development.
Analog Design:
The first prototype circuit is fairly ugly -- an INA212 (instrumentation amplifier from Texas Instruments) and two LM741 op-amps were used to amplify and bandpass filter the cardiac signal. The op-amps used here are a second order salen-key design -- making a bandpass filter with lower and upper cutoff frequencies around 1/4 Hz and 150 Hz, respectively. The INA inputs were extracted from sticky chest electrodes. I found a pack of 100 Vermed SilveRest electrodes for under 20 dollars on Amazon. They have an adhesive Ag/AgCl gel on one side, designed specifically for physiological signal acquisition. For a more detailed explanation of the circuit diagram, see "Meditating on Matlab."
Cultivating a ‘memory palace' can make long-lasting improvements to recall, say scientists, suggesting many of us have untapped memory reserves
A memory technique invented by the ancient Greeks can make dramatic and long-lasting improvements to a person's power of recall, according to research that suggests many of us have extensive untapped memory reserves.
After spending six weeks cultivating an internal “memory palace”, people more than doubled the number of words they could retain in a short time period and their performance remained impressive four months later. The technique, which involves conjuring up vivid images of objects in a familiar setting, is credited to the Greek poet Simonides of Ceos, and is a favoured method among so-called memory athletes.
Extreme Memory Tournament: meet the Mongolian masters of the mnemonic Read more
The study also revealed that after just 40 days of training, people's brain activity shifted to more closely resemble that seen in some of the world's highest ranked memory champions, suggesting that memory training can alter the brain's wiring in subtle but powerful ways.
Nils Müller, a neuroscientist at Radboud University and a co-author, said: “One of the initial questions was whether memory athletes have very differently wired brains. Do they have an innate gift that just can't be taught?”
The answer, perhaps surprisingly, was no. Prodigious feats of memory such as recalling hundreds of binary digits or a Sherlock-like ability to put a name to a face are likely to be mostly down to hours of training and using the right mnemonic techniques, the scientists concluded.
The study, published in the journal Neuron, recruited 23 of the 50 top-scoring memory athletes in an annual contest called the World Memory Championships. The athletes were given 20 minutes to recall a list of 72 random nouns and they scored, on average, nearly 71 of the 72 words.
By contrast, an untrained control group recalled an average of 26 words. This group then followed a daily 30-minute training regime where they practiced walking through a chosen familiar environment, such as their own home, and placing objects in specific locations.
Simonides was supposedly inspired to develop the “loci” technique after a gruesome tragedy in which a banqueting hall collapsed just after the poet had left the building. Some of his fellow diners were crushed beyond recognition, meaning they could only be identified based on the table plan.
Boris Konrad, a neuroscientist at the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry in Munich who co-authored the study, said: “You really walk through a place and then later you visualise the location to place an object there. You're not just wandering around in your crazy mental palace.”
It also helps for the image to be vivid, bizarre and firmly placed in the location. In the book Moonwalking with Einstein, the memory expert Ed Cooke suggests remembering an item on a shopping list by imagining “Claudia Schiffer swimming in [a] tub of cottage cheese.”
Let a grandmaster of memory teach you something you will never forget Read more
Konrad, who also happens to be ranked 24th in the World Memory Championships, said the strategy is effective because it maps boring information onto something that the brain has evolved to do extremely well – recall imagery in specific locations.
“You take material that is really hard to remember and transform it into something accessible,” he said. “It does not make your memory capacity bigger; you use a different form of memory that already has a large capacity.”
After 40 days of 30-minute training sessions, the participants who had average memory skills at the start more than doubled their memory capacity, recalling 62 words on average – and four months later, without continued training, they could remember 48 words from a list of 72.
Martin Dresler, also a neuroscientist at Radboud University and the first author, said: “Once you are familiar with these strategies and know how to apply them, you can keep your performance high without much further training.”
The scientists also studied the brains of their participants and, while there were no telltale signs of memory prowess based on anatomy, subtle differences were seen in the background brain activity of the memory athletes and ordinary subjects when they were asked to simply relax and let their minds wander. This kind of “resting state” scan is designed to give a measure of the brain's connectivity – essentially a measure of how tightly disparate clusters of neurons are wired together.
After training, the background hum of brain activity in the ordinary participants had shifted to more closely match that seen in the champions – and the closer the resemblance, the better the person's performance was likely to be.
“After training we see massively increased performance on memory tests,” said Dresler. “Not only can you induce a behavioural change, the training also induces similar brain connectivity patterns to those seen in memory athletes.”
“I would speculate that it reflects activity-dependent rewiring,” said Müller.
Konrad believes that “not everyone can become a champion” – even within the trained group some people fared far better than others. “But everyone using the technique can improve quite substantially from the level they're at,” he added.
Meltzer's Musings: Provorov in NHL is NOT a Slam Dunk for 2016-17 September 19, 2016, 1:06 PM ET [125 Comments] Bill Meltzer
Philadelphia Flyers Blogger •NHL.com • Archive • CONTACT Philadelphia Flyers Blogger •NHL.com • RSS
Last weekend, I was at a family wedding and had an interesting discussion with someone about whether Ivan Provorov will make the Flyers this season. I told the truth: he's got a shot but it's not the slam dunk so many seem to think it is. He doesn't have a job to lose. He's trying to win a job. It's a different mindset.
Many Flyers fans have already built very high expectations for the 19-year-old player. The Philadelphia Inquirer recently did a fan poll with the overwhelming majority (most of whom have likely never seen Provorov play but are simply caught up in all the hype) voting that he should be in the NHL this year.
It is inaccurate to say that Ron Hextall does not care what fans think. However, fan opinion will play no part in the decision as to where Provorov plays. The GM is not bluffing when he says that that Provorov is going to have to earn a job out of camp.
What that means: It's NOT going to be enough for him to hold his own and look like he could do the same come the regular season October. He's going to have to excel and beat out veterans on merit and not on potential. He'll have to show that he has a good chance to play significant minutes in tough situations --not at preseason pace but at the turned-up-a-notch level of the regular season.
Really, there's no much question that Provorov could open the regular season in the NHL and not embarrass himself. The question is whether, come mid-season and the stretch drive into (hopefully) the playoffs, he starts to tread water once he hits those almost inevitable choppy waves or if he adjusts and keeps on swimming.
At all costs, the Flyers want to avoid a scenario such as the one that unfolded during Luca Sbisa's NHL rookie season here; one by which they burned off the first year of his entry level contract, saw him hold his own early and then hit the "rookie wall" with a thud, and then not quite knowing what do next. His ice was drastically cut. He shuttled in and out of the lineup. He was even experimented with as a winger. Then, when the kid was thoroughly down on himself, the organization returned the rookie to his junior team. Then he was traded after the season; albeit as a big piece of the puzzle to land Chris Pronger.
Quite frankly, the handling of Sbisa was as big of a development bungle as the organization has ever had. In many ways, Sbisa never truly recovered his developmental momentum. Ever since then, he rapidly became more a reclamation project/ salvage job to be anything more than a marginal sixth or seventh NHL defenseman in other organizations.
Thankfully, lessons have been learned from it. The Flyers organization's understanding and attention to detail on the player development side has advanced eons in the last eight years. The development side is now focused upon every bit as much as the scouting side on the front end of bringing a player into the organization.
Likewise, there are also lessons to be learned from the Flyers careers of players such as Joni Pitkänen and Janne Niinimaa, where there was clear-cut star potential but, for various reasons, there ended up being more inconsistency than excellence. Their careers were decent, but could have and probably should have been a notch above that. Incidentally, Pitkänen, now retired due to a career-ending heel injury, celebrates his 33rd birthday today.
The Flyers want to give Provorov every chance to come as close as possible to reaching his development ceiling. The decision that has to be made is whether he seems ready now -- actually playing among and against NHL players -- to perform at a consistently high level for a full NHL season.
It is NOT a slam dunk that he is ready to clear the bar as high as Hextall has set it, and the bar will not be lowered to appease the fans or the media. He might be. He might not be. And those who say, "Well, he can't be worse than (fill in the blank with the name of the speaker's designated blue line role-playing whipping boy)" are missing the point.
First of all, the Flyers don't want to use the lowest common denominator standard in their development process. They have a longer-term goal in mind.
Secondly, a teenage player regardless of where he is drafted or what he's done in a junior league or the World Junior Championships most certainly CAN be worse if he's not ready for task. That is how hundreds of players who once had star potential end up as role players; they find a niche of a couple of things they are good at, simplify the rest of their game so as not to be a liability, and this becomes what keeps them in the NHL.
If, at the end of the preseason, the answer is "yes" to the question of whether Provorov would benefit THIS year from a year in the American Hockey League, he's not going to make the Flyers this season and will instead be back in Brandon for the Wheat Kings. He's also most likely NOT going to get a nine-game trial in the NHL. He'll either be deemed ready and spend the whole year with the Flyers or else caution will exercise even if others find it frustrating.
Like it or hate it, but that's how it is going to be. There aren't a lot of Aaron Ekblads out there. Defense is a very hard position to play in the NHL. A defenseman could have 20 solid shifts, one bad one and another couple where someone else's mistakes lead to goal or long shifts in the defensive zone. At the end of the night, he's answering questions about his "subpar" game.
People frequently bring up Shayne Gostisbehere's Calder Trophy finalist season from last year, but it is an apples-to-oranges comparison because Ghost was older, had a very clear sense of his game's strengths and very specific things to work on. Provorov, for all of his magnificent potential and advanced hockey sense, is still a teenager.
The reason why Hextall said last year that it was a relatively easy decision to have Shayne Gostisbehere start the season with the Phantoms was that he did not have a good camp without the puck on his stick; in part because he had missed most of the previous season with a knee injury and in larger part because Hextall felt had to make some tweaks -- not overhauls, but fine-tunes -- that were a little less difficult to make at the American Hockey League pace.
To reiterate, in Gostisbehere's case, it really wasn't a development issue or a proven game-preparation regimen so much as an adjustment issue. With Provorov at age 19, his demonstrated progression of development since last year, his preparations to play and his ability to make in-game and between-game adjustments will all be put to the test.
There are are very few weaknesses in Provorov's game. He plays the game the right way, with and without the puck, and can make difficult plays look easy. He's not flashy but he is highly effective most nights and does not need to score or set up goals on a particular night -- although he does plenty of that, too -- to make a positive impact on the game for his team.
It's not that Provorov is immune from gaffes. All players, especially young defensemen, make their share. Anyone who micro-analyzes the player to expect perfect shift after perfect shift is setting themselves up for disappointment, because even Norris Trophy winning defensemen in the NHL can't adhere to that standard. Instead, look at the big picture.
In comparison to most of his peers -- even fellow first-round picks -- Provorov makes NHL-caliber reads and reactions not just some of the time but, rather, far more often than not. The player who returned from an excellent performance at the World Junior Championships elevated his game to a higher level on both sides of the puck.
Now he has to take that to the next level.
Provorov entered Flyers camp with "NHL-ready" hype last September but did not demonstrate readiness. The Flyers believe he's developed significantly from that point, but the test will be in the demonstration of it.
As long as Provorov continues on the path of the norms he showed from November onward last season until seeming to run low on gas in the Memorial Cup -- which was understandable because he had played of hockey with massive minutes not only for Brandon but also for Team Russia at the World Junior Championships -- he will make things tough in a good way on Dave Hakstol and Ron Hextall in the next few weeks.
Is there reason to be excited about his ceiling and his long-term potential to approach it? Yes, because Provorov's physical tools and style of play are of the type that tend to translate well to the NHL when properly nurtured.
Are there any guarantees? No.
Final caveat: Fans want instant results, which is understandable, since they are the ones paying money and investing emotions. It is frustrating to always hear patience preached. It's understandable. However, Hextall's job is to assess Provorov based on a plan where this season is part of the consideration but the long term process of building a genuine Stanley Cup contender is the overriding goal.
Those expecting Provorov to step in and be a generational player, especially at age 19, are setting themselves up for disappointment and the player to go from savior to target for criticism. There's a segment of the fan base for whom even a home run isn't enough. They want grand slams even when the bases aren't loaded.
For an example, just trace the discourse about Claude Giroux. You will find that the same types who want to take away his captaincy or call him "overrated" -- despite the fact he is closing in rapidly on ranking among the all-time point leaders in franchise history by the time he's about 32 -- are the same ones who were hailing him a savior in 2012.
Those who feel Giroux should be replaced as captain demonstrate their utter cluelessness about the team dynamic and the fact he did an excellent job as captain last year, because he was indispensable to how the team started to get on board with a 200-foot commitment to Dave Hakstol's system (which, by the way, came with sacrifices that cut into his point production because of all the penalty killing and back checking Giroux did).
How does this relate to Provorov? It relates because, while the Flyers themselves have taken corrective steps -- not trading away so many draft picks and instead collecting assets, being over-aggressive in rushing their better prospects through the development phases -- fans themselves will not change.
Within the blink of a couple seasons of growing pains, Provorov could easily go from today's can't-miss super prospect who "needs to be in the NHL right now" to tomorrow's Pitkänen ("trade him, he's a turnover machine and a pylon, and the Flyers should have drafted Player X instead"), because that's just the nature of fandom and the cycle of prospect hype versus the reality of the percentage of players that hit their ceiling.
The Flyers can't and won't get caught up in all that. They are trying to provide the tools by which Provorov will have the best possible chance to approach his ceiling. The rest comes down to circumstance including avoidance of major injury, the caliber of the team itself and the surrounding pieces. It's an inexact science.
Provorov has potential to become a consistently solid all-around NHL defenseman, both with and without the puck and, in combination, to play effectively in all game situations. Such defensemen are quite hard to find, and that's why the organization is high on him.
For now, though, he's an aspiring NHL rookie and he still has a lot to demonstrate before he's in the Flyers lineup this season much less to to be a contender for NHL individual honors.
If Provorov makes the team, it is going to be an exciting sign because it means he will have passed some mighty tough early tests. If not, it won't be the end of the world. Last year, people misinterpreted the Flyers' ultra-quick signing of Provorov to an entry-level contract. It had nothing to do with putting him right in the NHL lineup and everything to do with commitment to his development.
One year later, that part has not changed.
Shake Shack opened its first Baltimore location on Monday morning and about 25 people lined up in freezing temperatures to be the first ones inside.
Just before the doors opened at 11 a.m., Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake and Shake Shack CEO Randy Garutti cut the ribbon on the new burger-and-shakes joint, the first occupant of a new 22,000 square-foot retail addition to the 400 East Pratt Street building. Among the future tenants are Chick-fil-A and Nalley's Fresh.
Kevin LeBlanc, a mechanical engineering student at The Johns Hopkins University, was first in line, having arrived just after 9 a.m. LeBlanc said that he and his friends had heard about the opening and talked about going on opening day, but he ended up being the only one who did.
LeBlanc ordered a double Smokeburger, a cheeseburger topped with smoked bacon, chopped cherry pepper and Shacksauce, the New York City-based chain's answer to McDonald's special sauce. He ordered a beer, too, a Shackmeister Ale, made for the chain by Brooklyn Brewery.
The Boston native, who said his favorite chain burger was from Five Guys Burger and Fries, gave the Smokeburger his approval. "This is the one to get," LeBlanc said.
A modern take on the "roadside" burger stand, Shake Shack's original kiosk location opened in 2004 in New York City's Madison Square Park and quickly attracted a cult following. Shake Shack now has locations in nine states and D.C., as well as additional locations in New York and international outposts in London, Moscow, Dubai and more.
Lately, it seems that there are few words in the English language that stir up as much semantic ire as "literally" does. As more and more people have been using "literally" to mean "really," some English speakers fret that the meaning of the word will change. But the truth is that it would hardly be the first.
Top image includes a quote from Mark Twain's The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
Certainly there's nothing inherently wrong with debating English usage (although those debates can often cross the line from useful to elitist). After all, we want a language that allows us to communicate our ideas easily and effectively. But it's also important for us to keep our linguistic history in mind. After all, complaining about English is nearly as old as English itself, and today's correct usage is, in many cases, yesterday's semantic mistake.
Advertisement
In Defense of Talking Funny Not everyone in the United States speaks the same English, as a recent American Dialect quiz made… Read more Read
In his book Bad English: A History of Linguistic Aggravation, Ammon Shea notes that the word "literally" has had more than one meaning over the centuries. Modern folks who consider themselves linguistic sticklers typically use it to mean "not metaphorically," but it has also been used to mean "word for word" and "relating to letters or literature. Plus, Shea reminds us, the use of "literally" as an intensifier isn't exactly new, nor is it necessarily a marker of linguistic ignorance. Mark Twain, James Joyce, and Jane Austen have all used "literally" this way, and they're hardly people we'd consider careless with the language.
Advertisement
But what Bad English really hits home is that "literally" is hardly the only word to enjoy (or, depending on your point of view, suffer from) semantic drift. "Literally" gets the majority of the press these days, but another word that recently been the subject of linguistic battles is "hopefully." Many of us use "hopefully" to mean "it is to be hoped" or "I hope," as in "Hopefully, the next Star Wars movie will be better than the prequels." That is (not literally) nails on a chalkboard to people who believe that "hopefully" should only mean "in a hopeful manner," as in "Despite the poor quality of the Star Wars prequels, I hopefully watched the Episode VII trailer."
To be honest, I'd never heard the latter definition of "hopefully" until a few years ago, and it still sounds odd to my ears. In 1997, the writer Sir Kingsley Amis complained, "When someone says or writes, 'Hopefully, the plan will be in operation by the end of the year,' we know immediately that we are dealing with a dimwit at best." But for many English speakers, the definition of "hopefully" drifted away from that in Amis' The Kings English long ago.
Advertisement
Looking at the history of the English language, it becomes clear that semantic drift is simply part of our linguistic evolution. Prescriptivists once cringed when people used "awful" to mean "bad" instead of "inspiring with awe." Ambrose Bierce wrote that "dilapidated" should refer only to decaying stone buildings because it comes from the Latin "lapis," meaning "stone." "Lovely" an 1899 book on word choice argues, should be reserved for things worthy of actual love, not things that are merely nice. And "nice," for that matter, shouldn't be "used to express every kind and degree of admired or appreciated quality; as, 'a nice time,' 'a nice horse,' 'a nice rain,' 'a nice man,' 'a nice sermon,' 'a nice funeral'" — at least according to a 1917 edition of Funk and Wagnalls' Faulty Dictionary. The list goes on.
In at least one case, two words have even swapped meanings. The word "disinterested" once meant "lacking interest" while "uninterested" meant "lacking bias." Now the reverse is widely considered proper English usage. Was there grumbling? Yes, but the meanings of the two words shifted anyway.
Advertisement
Amidst all of these changes, it's interesting to see where people draw their lines in the linguistic sand. Someone may correct your usage of "decimate," informing you that it means "to kill one in ten people." (Shea points to this as an example of etymological fallacy, the idea that the current definition of a word must be beholden to its etymological roots.) But it's likely that the same person won't bat an eye when you say you're going to a carnival (literally a "farewell to meat"), even if you're just going to the local fair and not a pre-Lenten celebration.
"Literally" wouldn't even be the first English word to become its own antonym. In "The Dead," for example, when James Joyce says, "Lily, the caretaker's daughter, was literally run off her feet," he means that she has been figuratively run off her feet. How can "literally" mean both "figuratively" and "non-figuratively"? Look at words like "sanction" ("to approve" or "to impose a penalty on"), "terrific" ("imposing terror" or "great"), and the aforementioned "awful."
I am not arguing that we should be more careless with how we use our words — and I don't believe Shea is either. Quite the contrary, I think that we should consider not just the meanings of our words, but also their impact out in the world. But when we tear out our hair over the possibility that one word's definition may change, it's important to pause and remember all the ways that English has changed in the mouths of millions of speakers.
As Clinton and Trump prepare for next week, recent scares in New York and Minnesota give credence that national security will be at top of the agenda
Six days from now, and just 21 miles away from the scene of weekend bombing attacks, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will meet on Long Island for the first presidential debate with the topic of “securing America” firmly at the top of their agenda.
Moderator and NBC anchor Lester Holt has suggested this and two other topics – “America's direction” and “achieving prosperity” – could still be “subject to possible changes because of news developments”, but the reaction of both candidates to the violent events of recent days suggests Monday night's theme is already well chosen.
Since he rapidly, and some would say hastily, labeled the first explosion in Chelsea “a bombing” on Saturday, Trump has been quick to exploit the fast-moving security scares in New York, New Jersey and Minnesota.
'Stand up to hate': Clinton makes urgent appeal to end Trump-fueled divide Read more
While Democratic New York governor Andrew Cuomo was forced to reverse an early declaration that there was “no link at this time at this preliminary stage to international terrorism”, Trump delighted when his early assessment of the incident appeared to prove more accurate. “What I said was exactly correct. I should be a newscaster because I called it before the news,” the Republican nominee later boasted to Fox News.
“Immigration security is national security,” added Trump in a speech on Monday, as he seized on the bombing suspect's background to bash Hillary Clinton for wanting what he claimed were “the most open borders of anyone ever to seek the presidency”.
But Clinton also has wasted little time making clear she viewed the unfolding drama as a clear act of terror and a sign of why her foreign policy hawkishness is so important.
“This threat is real, but so is our resolve. Americans will not cower, we will prevail. We will defend our country and we will defeat the evil, twisted ideology of the terrorists,” she said in a hastily arranged press conference in an aircraft hanger near her New York home on Monday while the manhunt was still under way.
Outside Clinton's heavily guarded house in the leafy suburb of Chappaqua, a steady flow of vehicles could be seen coming in and out of the property over the weekend as she met with advisers and began preparing for what many expect to be most the watched televised political debate in history.
Even though opinion polls suggest the race is tight, Clinton is expected to spend much of this week here focused on debate preparation – making only brief visits to the battleground states of Pennsylvania and Florida – as aides fear a crucial night ahead.
“For all his lack of substance, Trump's showmanship, as [an] ex-reality TV star, makes him a formidable debate foe. He thrashed his rivals in GOP debates,” Clinton's press secretary Brian Fallon recently wrote.
Among some Democrats there is also concern at how quickly the election has once again become overshadowed by terrorist attacks, a factor that boosted Trump's early standing in the Republican nomination race after atrocities in Paris.
The speed with which both candidates fired off rhetorical volleys at each other during Monday's manhunt was a source of mild consternation, if not surprise, to those still involved in dealing with the unfolding drama. “This close to the election, everything is political,” acknowledged one senior government source.
“I would ask that the press try to refrain from getting out ahead of the investigation,” added Barack Obama, in a public plea that could easily have been leveled at the campaigns too.
There is obvious relief in Washington that no one died in the attack – a factor that perhaps encouraged both campaigns to move swiftly to the political implications – but also anxiety that another more deadly incident before 8 November could have a more significant affect on the outcome.
So much of Obama's legacy and Clinton's record also depend on hard-to-control events in far off places such as Syria, where the fight against Isis appears to be making progress even while wider security conditions deteriorate.
Trump's alternative ideas meanwhile remain shrouded in mystery, but in a taste of the simplistic logic that could come at Monday's Hofstra University debate, his latest tweet simply charges: “Crooked Hillary has been fighting Isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.”
Yet the electoral impact of terror is not always clear-cut and could easily go against him. Trump terrifies many Americans and polls reflect a mistrust of how he would handle national security issues.
Either way, terrorism and terrorists have become key factors in the election and the stakes could barely be higher. “Tolerance is on the ballot,” said a fired-up Obama at a speech in Washington on Saturday.
UPDATE: If you want to solve all 243 Riddles, then head over to our Batman: Arkham Knight Riddler guide.
So good news for those of you who will obsessively hunt down those pesky Riddler Trophies in Batman Arkham Knight. 243 of the glowing green rewards are waiting for you in Gotham. After the staggering 440 up for grabs in Arkham City if you played as both Batman and Catwoman, this is practically a holiday.
Creative director at Rocksteady, Sefton Hill, confirmed the number on Twitter after running a competition to see who could guess. Teasing ‘quality over quantity', Hill awarded the winner with a full scale Catwoman trophy replica from prop makers Triforce.
Clue: Riddler has focused on quality over quantity. These are his most devious and cunning brain teasers ever.May 13, 2015
The 440 trophies in Arkham City were a combination of both brain and thumb gymnastics as you made the most of your gadgets to open locked cages via pressure pads and detonators. We can safely assume that Arkham Knight will have a similar set up to utilise the Caped Crusader's even bigger arsenal of Waynetech. Add in the abilities of the Batmobile to get you into some hard to reach areas and it's horribly clear that these are going to get rather tricky.
Not content with just hammering our IQ this time around, the Riddler has also opened up a range of underground challenges across Gotham to test our Batmobile mettle. So if 243 nightmares to reach trophies aren't enough, you can head to these for some masochistic driving fun. Bring on June the 23rd.
Seen something newsworthy? Tell us!
Gary Sanchez is primed to be the next big thing in New York. But to be important in the fashion capital of the U.S., he could use a signature piece of clothing.
Enter Sanchez's newly inspired Yankee caps. Teaming with Bronx-born artist Andre Trenier, Sanchez produced three hat models, which include features of the Bronx and Sanchez's native Dominican Republic.
Yankee fans can vote for their favorite New Era hat model using the corresponding hashtag on Twitter. Voting opened April 10 and closes May 8. The winning style will then be sold to the public. The promotion is part of the Yankees' partnership with Pepsi.
"Andre is an incredible artist," Sanchez says. "He actually came to me with a few concepts and I thought, 'Wow, those are even better than anything I could of come up with.' He then showed me some designs for the concepts and I gave him my input. He is so talented that he doesn't need me to tell him what to do. He just understood the vision and made it come to life."
If Sanchez could give one of the caps to anyone, who would it be?
"Depends on which hat the fans select, but I could definitely see Daddy Yankee wearing any of them," Sanchez says.
Along with the "Caps Off to the Yankees" promotion, Sanchez and Trenier also appeared at Kola House in New York City for a post-Opening Day party with a performance by Fat Joe. That same day, Trenier painted a mural of Sanchez outside of Stan's Sports Bar next to Yankee Stadium.
Artist Andre Trenier and @ElGarySanchez collaborated on these three @Yankees caps with @pepsi (fans can vote for favorite hat with hashtags) pic.twitter.com/Ocnjz1UBbB — Jeff Eisenband (@JeffEisenband) April 10, 2017
Sanchez, who finished second in Rookie of the Year voting in 2016, missed Opening Day with a right biceps strain. He has not played since April 8 and is not expected back until May.
Sanchez may have a new hat to wear when he makes his return, as fans still have three weeks to vote at Yankees.com/Pepsi.
-- Follow Jeff Eisenband on Twitter @JeffEisenband. Like Jeff Eisenband on Facebook.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate panel on Wednesday approved legislation that would impose strict sanctions on Russians involved in Moscow's intervention in Ukraine, provide aid to the new government in Kiev, and implement reforms of the International Monetary Fund.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 14-3 for the measure, with several committee Republicans joining the Democratic majority in favor. The bill next goes to the full Senate for a vote. If it passes there, it would have to win approval in the House of Representatives to become law.
The panel acted on the same day President Barack Obama met with Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk at the White House in a high-profile show of support. Obama warned Russia that the West would be forced to apply a cost to Moscow if it fails to change course in the dispute with Ukraine.
Among other things, the legislation would impose sanctions on Russians and Ukrainians judged to be involved in violence or human rights violations during anti-government protests in Ukraine that began late last year, as well as against anyone involved in undermining Ukraine's security and stability.
The legislation also directs U.S. authorities to help Ukraine's new government investigate acts of corruption and return assets to Kiev. It did not target Russian corporations or banks, as some lawmakers had suggested after Russian President Vladimir Putin sent troops into Ukraine's Crimea region.
Committee members said the bill was a strong one.
“In my view, President Putin has miscalculated by starting a game of Russian roulette with the international community, and we will never accept this violation of international law,” said Democratic Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, the committee's chairman.
The sanctions would include freezing assets held in the United States, travel bans and denying visas.
The measure also provides $50 million in democracy, governance and civil society assistance for Ukraine and $100 million for enhanced security cooperation for Ukraine and other countries in Central and Eastern Europe.
It authorizes $1 billion in loan guarantees, in addition to millions of dollars in aid.
IMF REFORMS POTENTIAL STICKING POINT
One of the most controversial aspects of the legislation are reforms of the International Monetary Fund, which were requested by the Obama administration but left out of a Ukraine loan guarantee package passed last week by the House.
The Obama administration has been pushing Congress for a year to approve a shift of $63 billion from an IMF crisis fund to its general accounts to maintain U.S. influence at the lender and make good on a commitment from 2010.
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew called the vote an important step and said it was “imperative” that the measure become law.
Some Republicans worry about the IMF's lending to richer European nations and possible losses on loans by the fund. Before passing the full bill, the committee voted down an amendment that would have removed the IMF provision from the bill.
John Boehner, the Republican Speaker of the House, said earlier on Wednesday that he did not think the Ukraine bill should include the IMF reforms. “This IMF money isn't necessary for dealing with this Ukraine crisis that we see today,” he said.
The three “no” votes in the committee for the overall bill were all cast by Republican senators: James Risch of Idaho, Rand Paul of Kentucky and John Barrasso of Wyoming. They questioned how Washington would pay for the loan guarantees and expressed concern about the IMF reform.
Barrasso had offered an amendment authorizing exports of liquefied natural gas to Ukraine and NATO members, but Menendez ruled that the proposal fell outside the committee's jurisdiction.
Separately, a group of eight senators, six of them foreign relations committee members, are leaving on Thursday on a visit to Ukraine to meet with leaders of its interim government and other groups.
Today is the day we finally get to see the Volcker Rule, the new regulation that aims to prevent banks from engaging in speculative trading activity. (See here for an overview.)
Paul Volcker, former chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve. (Bloomberg)
In all the excitement, a lot of commentators have been writing posts arguing that the Volcker Rule is either unnecessary or perhaps even counterproductive. Both Matt Levine and Tyler Cowen have summed up these cases well.
There are usually six different complaints about the Volcker Rule. By addressing them, we can lay out the case for why this rule is important and worth strengthening. I'll take the complaints in order from least to most important:
1) “The Volcker rule isn't a fix-all for Wall Street's ills, and it might not even be a necessary component of reform. Why are we bothering to do this complicated thing?”
Let's back up: The Dodd-Frank Act included a series of reforms that were designed to reinforce each other. The ultimate goal is to build a financial system that helps the real economy while also both preventing future crises and having the correct tools to deal with crises when they do happen.
In order to limit the government's need to act as a safety net during a crisis, regulators are creating various tools that try to do three big things: First, the financial sector will have to internalize some of the costs of crises and insurance. Second, there's more supervision of banks through things like capital requirements. Third, there are limits on the sorts of activities the banks can do.
The Volcker Rule mainly focuses on the third component — it prevents banks from engaging in “proprietary trading,” which essentially removes the parts of banks that gamble and act like hedge funds, because those parts can blow up quickly (see here for more).
It's also a conceptual and cultural shift: Banks need to be boring again and focus on their core business lines. As Marcus Stanley of Americans for Financial Reform wrote, the Volcker Rule creates “a new definition of the dealer or market maker role that is more stable and reliable due to the removal of proprietary trading incentives.” This role will still support lending and credit but will also create a new “reliable utility role for dealer banks in the financial markets.”
That's all just to say that there's no one single “fix-all” reform here. All three components of financial regulation need to hang together. That involves a well-capitalized banking sector with high leverage, liquidity, and risk-adjusted capital. It also involves a sane over-the-counter derivatives market. And it requires a credible mechanism to force losses on to investors at firms that were previously "Too Big To Fail." Those components have to work together.
2) “That's fine, but seriously, this rule would have done nothing useful in solving the last financial crisis. It's a solution in search of a problem.”
Perhaps. But “solving the last financial crisis” is only one of many goals here. There are other problems that the Volcker Rule does address, at least in part:
First, take resolution authority—the legal regime that's designed to wind down very large banks and institutions that run into trouble. By preventing banks from engaging in proprietary trading, the Volcker Rule actually makes this task easier. Proprietary trading is notorious for creating quick, large losses, which makes it harder for regulators to deal with failing institutions (resolution authority typically involves nudging banks to better capital while giving regulators the tools necessary to take over failing firms—see more here).
The Volcker Rule also works in concert with other reforms, providing a backstop if those rules don't work out. If derivatives regulations turn out to be insufficient, for instance, then the Volcker Rule still prevents large banks from carrying out huge bets on tail risk through the derivatives market.
The Volcker Rule would have also helped make the last financial crisis less extreme. “Certainly proprietary positioning played a role in the crisis,” says Caitlin Kline, a former derivatives trader who now works at the non-profit Better Markets. “Banks amassed inventories of high-yielding highly-rated products with largely overnight funding, and this street-wide carry trade helped cause a massive liquidity crisis and then solvency issues, which was a major factor. The Volcker rule will absolutely affect most front-office desk's ability to warehouse huge positions like that.”
This isn't the only goal of the Volcker Rule. (AP)
3) “Sure proprietary trading might be dangerous, but so is lending money. In fact, lending money is even more dangerous, given the losses in the crisis, so why don't you ban banks from doing that too!”
The problem there is that lending to households and businesses is the core function of banking. And there are good reasons why banks provide this service instead of other types of firms. For instance, funding increases as relationships between firms and creditors evolve (for more, see Fama 1985 or Petersen and Rajan 1994).
So other firms can't easily do what banks do when it comes to lending. But other firms can definitely engage in proprietary trading—including hedge funds, mutual funds, sovereign wealth funds and others. So if proprietary trading does have any benefits to society at large, there's nothing to worry about. It will still take place. On the other hand, if banks are prohibited from lending, it's not clear that other institutions could pick up the slack.
4) “Allowing banks to have more business lines allows them to diversify their income streams, which will, all things being equal, make the financial system more stable."
Neither theory nor evidence backs up this complaint. Financial theory tells us that we should distinguish between risks to individual firms and risks to the broader market. An economic crisis is the result of market-wide risks, and there's good reason to believe that market-wide risk will go up as banks increase their business lines. That's why the Volcker Rule is useful.
Diversification may reduce risks at each institution, but it leads to the sharing of risks across institutions — different firms all become exposed to similar types of risks. That's a problem, since it's harder for regulators to tackle a variety of firms that all start failing at once. (For more, see Wagner 2006, De Jonghe 2009).
As Alexis Goldstein notes, “all the gains made by stand-alone prop trading desks from 2006–10 were entirely wiped out by prop trading losses” during the financial crisis. If diversification was a good thing, we would have seen these profits soar during the crisis. Instead, the desks all lost money at the same time, further exacerbating the crisis.
5) “The Volcker Rule will decrease liquidity and available financial services, making the financial sector more vulnerable and less able to meet the needs of the real economy.”
This is a concern, but the status quo wasn't ideal on this front, either. During the last financial crisis, liquidity in the markets disappeared, which shows how vulnerable we are if liquidity is concentrated in a few large banks who have access to the safety net (see Richardson).
The Volcker Rule is designed to allow banks to continue core functions like “market-making” — that is, matching buyers with sellers or acting as an intermediary by using financial instruments. Even so, some liquidity will move to other firms that don't depend on the banking safety net, creating more competition. This is a perfectly appropriate response.
6) “It is impossible to distinguish between prop trading and the legitimate functions that firms are supposed to be able to still engage in, like market-making and hedging.”
This is the correct debate to be having. There are certainly some activities that are clearly considered “proprietary trading,” and banks will be barred from doing these. But there are real questions and gray areas surrounding activities that want to keep banks doing, such as market-making or hedging against risks. As discussed here, we'll want to keep a close eye on how banks change after the rule is implemented. But the regulators see this as their job and are moving on the task.
So, rebuilding the core banking sector to be boring and focused on their core business lines, while mitigating systemic risks and enforcing other parts of reform. What's not to like?
Mike Konczal is a fellow at the Roosevelt Institute, where he focuses on financial regulation, inequality and unemployment. He writes a weekly column for Wonkblog. Follow him on Twitter here.
Further reading:
-- Everything you need to know about the Volcker Rule
-- How to tell whether the Volcker Rule is strong or weak.
Johnathon Falck is missing again. A little over a month ago, I posted about his disappearance; he was subsequently found in a hospital, where he was given medication for his mental illnesses and sent back out to fend for himself. Since then, his thoughts and communications have been increasingly disordered, he has stopped taking his medication, and has now disappeared again. He has not been seen since early Saturday, and his incessant posts on Facebook have stopped. No one has been able to reach him by phone, but someone made a threatening call to his mother from his cell phone. That person knows where John is and may have harmed him.
John is 23, about 6'1″ and around 160 pounds. He has a scar on the right side of his head, near the hairline. Anyone with information is urged to call the Austin police department at 512-974-5000. You may also contact the Great Bend Kansas police department at 620-793-4120; this is where his mother lives and the two departments are working together to find him. He has been listed in the national missing persons database. His correspondence prior to his disappearance indicate that he is unable to use good reasoning, and he may have ended up in a dangerous situation without realizing it. He needs to be found so that he can get help, and before someone takes advantage of his fragile mental state.
WASHINGTON, D.C. – Attorney Sara Blackwell tells Breitbart Texas exclusively that a discussion at the White House about the controversial H-1B foreign guest worker visa program was productive and “encouraging,” though it did not yield any direct results.
Blackwell tells Breitbart Texas exclusively that the discussion was facilitated by senior Trump adviser Stephen Miller and that President Trump was initially expected to attend.
Blackwell represents Americans fired by U.S. companies after being told they would be replaced by H-1B labor.
“There's no doubt that this is the same Stephen Miller that we've known that's in the White House,” Blackwell told Breitbart Texas. “[He] still cares about this issue.”
Blackwell said the meeting largely focused on what the President and Congress could do for the H-1B visa, but said no reforms were discussed.
“It was not directed at anything,” Blackwell told Breitbart Texas. “We just met for an hour discussing H-1B. That doesn't mean reform isn't being discussed.”
Howard University Professor Ron Hira, a longtime critic of foreign guest worker visas, was in attendance at the meeting. He previously testified before Congress that the H-1B program can be an avenue for big business to profit off cheaper, foreign labor while displacing Americans.
Under the H-1B regime, at least 85,000 new foreign workers are brought to the U.S. every year, often taking once high-paying jobs from Americans who are fired and forced to train their replacements.
Foreign workers in the U.S. often remain in the country for years, applying for green cards which are allotted to roughly one million per year.
Without the H-1B, computer science job availability in the labor market would be up 11 percent and wages in the tech industry would have increased by five percent, Breitbart News reported.
While there have been no specific reform proposals yet by the Trump White House, the Department of Justice under Attorney General Jeff Sessions' leadership has demanded that U.S. companies not discriminate against Americans to favor foreigners, Breitbart Texas reported.
The Trump Administration has created a resource for Americans who are the victims of H-1B visa abuse to file a formal complaint, Breitbart Texas reported.
Blackwell told Breitbart Texas that the meeting was “encouraging” and she was “grateful” to discuss the issue with White House officials.
“I would attend as many times as they needed,” Blackwell said. “I'm really glad H-1B is being discussed.”
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
Roughly 300 riders are expected to descend on Melbourne's Yarra Boulevard this Sunday morning in protest against the deliberate dropping of upholstery tacks on the roadway.
For more than 14 months now cyclists have been reporting the presence of tacks on Yarra Boulevard, presumably dropped there to dissuade riders from using what is one of Melbourne's most popular cycling thoroughfares. As yet the individual(s) responsible are yet to be apprehended.
Organiser of the protest ride, George Mihailides, told CyclingTips that he created Sunday's event after months of frustration and after a fresh batch of tacks was seemingly dropped on Yarra Boulevard in recent weeks.
“The final trigger was when five out of a bunch of 10 riders (many of them being cyclists that I know) punctured during a ride last week. I clearly remember thinking ‘enough is enough',” Mihailides told CyclingTips. “I knew that the authorities had been trying to catch the perpetrator for some time without success.
“From my perspective, more of the same was/is pointless. The approach needed to be changed and the matter needed to be escalated.”
Local police have been investigating the issue since early 2014 but Inspector Steve Frost of Boroondara police told CyclingTips for a recent article that, so far, it's been a fruitless search.
“At this stage we're finding it increasingly frustrating,” Inspector Frost said. “We haven't had any great success to date in identifying who the offenders are. We remain committed and very keen to do that but at this stage we haven't had any great luck.”
Inspector Frost told CyclingTips that police will be in attendance on Sunday: “We support the riders and we will have a police presence at the protest ride.”
In announcing the “No Boulie Tacks” ride on the event's website, George Mihailides called for four “minimum specific measures” in response to the ongoing “Boulie tacks” issue:
Daily sweeping with appropriate equipment of the Boulevard until the tacks stop and/or the perpetrator is apprehended. The installation of surveillance cameras with appropriate monitoring and recording capable of identifying persons at night as well as day. Increased police patrols of the area. Someone to take overall ownership of the issue, which we believe should be Parks Victoria.
Achieving these measures will require far greater resources than have been thrown at the problem thus far. VicRoads already spends between $1,000 and $2,500 on each visit to Yarra Boulevard with the streetsweeper, and installing surveillance cameras would come at a significant cost. And as Inspector Frost told CyclingTips in March: “Police have got a number of competing priorities … there are a multitude of other things police could be doing than looking for some fool depositing tacks on the road.”
Mr Mihailides acknowledged that police have competing demands but that the Boulie tacks issue still needs resolving.
“I get it. We all get it. This issue is a long way down the list of priorities,” Mr Mihailides said. “But having said that, we are still talking about a crime, and one that if not addressed may ultimately result in someone being seriously hurt.”
“As a citizen of this state, I have a reasonable expectation that crimes will be resolved no matter how serious or petty they are.”
Mr Mihailides told CyclingTips that greater “ownership” of the issue is required by police and other authorities if the necessary resources are to be found and the issue resolved.
“None of the authorities involved would by choice pay for anything, let alone video surveillance. I'm not saying they aren't investing, they clearly are, but none of them will be willing to dip into their piggy bank to pay for surveillance.”
“I'm no bureaucrat and its not for me to dictate where the money should come from, but my understanding is that with the exception of the road surface itself (excluding the road shoulder), the Kew Boulevard precinct is the responsibility of Parks Victoria. That strikes me as reason enough for them to own the problem and be accountable for its resolution.”
“Someone needs to be empowered to say ‘you will do that' and until someone do we will be left with cracks for cyclists to fall into.”
Riders interested in attending the protest should gather at the corner of Yarra Boulevard and Walmer Street at 8.30am on Sunday May 3, 2015. The ride will commence at 9am, following a briefing, and will include one lap of Yarra Boulevard (to Chandler Highway and back) for a total of 13.2km. The ride will be conducted at a very easy pace.
If you have any information that might assist police in their investigation, please call Crimestoppers on 1800 333 000.
The Senegal star opens up about the anguish he felt during his spell at the Gunners and why his head was elsewhere during the 8-2 defeat at Old Trafford earlier this season
By Wayne Veysey | UK correspondent
For Armand Traore , it would begin days, often a week, before the match. The anxiety. The nerves. The sick feeling in the pit of the stomach. By kick-off, he would be drained and exhausted.
The stress was a manifestation of being a young fringe player at Arsenal, aware that opportunities came along only fleetingly.
“You can feel it there,” he said, pointing to his stomach. “It is not good and you cannot perform as well as anyone who is training all week and playing every week. It is different. Whenever I played, I was under a lot of pressure. You have to perform or that's it.
“Every time you go to control a ball, you automatically think, ‘I cannot miss my touch'. Then, after that, you think, ‘I cannot miss my pass'. You worry about so many things. It's just not good for your head and you are not entirely focused.”
Honest and open, Traore offers it as a heartfelt explanation, not an excuse, for his failure to make the breakthrough during six years at Arsenal, especially timely on the day his former club prepare for a League Cup quarter-final with a team likely to be dominated by young guns. He was not so troubled during his season-long loans at Juventus and Portsmouth, or current employers QPR, where he is enjoying regular first-team football.
“It actually feels really good,” expanded Traore in his first extended interview since his move on the penultimate day of the window. “I was explaining to a few of my relatives that I almost feel that I'm needed sometimes, where at times at Arsenal it was almost like, ‘well, if [Gael] Clichy is injured, if [Kieran] Gibbs is injured then maybe you can play'. So you never really know when you are going to play.
“It wasn't the best conditions to focus and play every week. When you are more relaxed, you can do more things. This was my big problem. I didn't play much, that's for sure. I had some not-so-good games as well.”
Traore does not blame Arsenal, or Arsene Wenger and his coaching staff. He has “no regrets, never” about six years of education at one of football's finest finishing schools and retains great affection for the club that he joined as a 16-year-old.
The expectation came from within. “It was from me because I have got ambition and my ambition was to be at some point the first choice,” Traore explained. “I put a lot of pressure on myself and it didn't happen.
“One time I spoke with Wenger and he said he knows what it's like. Even before the game started he said, ‘Your energy is almost gone because of the pressure. You think about the game too much, for the whole week'.
New lease of life | Traore has established himself at QPR following his summer move
“I know at the time I had trouble with coping with the pressure. Especially when you are young and you have all these people looking at you and judging you the next day. I learned to cope with it at my time with Juventus.
“Now, it's a different story. I can't wait to play. I set myself goals for games like getting assists and making sure when I play left-back that the goals don't come from my side.
“It's completely different. I feel like I am more useful. I feel I can help the team more. Before I was a bit like, ‘Hmm, I don't really want to play'. At some point I just wanted to go and play football."
The nadir of Traore's Arsenal career came at Old Trafford on August 28 in his 13th and final league game for the club. An injury crisis meant a late call up, the postponement of his transfer to QPR and then an 8-2 buffeting.
Traore reveals: “For me personally, I was supposed to leave before that game. It was all arranged. The game was on the Sunday and on the Thursday my agent calls me and says, ‘We are going to sign for QPR in the afternoon'. In my head I was gone already and didn't want to be there anymore.
“I wasn't fit. Pre-season is the most important part of the season and I missed part of it at Arsenal, which maybe stuffed me. I came back from injury for the game against Udinese. So, personally, for me, it was a crazy score. You can talk about the Arsenal defence back then but have a look at the goals. At least maybe three or four, maybe five, are unbelievable goals.”
QPR made sense for Traore, what with a charismatic manager, an ambitious new owner, a London postcode and the prospect of a regular starting place.
Speaking at Rangers' training ground at Harlington while planes fly overhead en route to nearby Heathrow, he explained: “There was interest from other clubs but I liked what Neil Warnock said. It is definitely going places. The chairman [Tony Fernandes] is not kidding about this club. A couple of times he came to talk to us and it sounded good.
“The fact it was in London as well, so I didn't have to move my family. I have just had a little boy. I learned from Juventus when I had to bloody move all the way to Italy. I thought, ‘I'm going to give it a go'. That was one of the reasons and I thought I would get a good shot at playing.”
Traore's goals are simple: “to try and play well every week” and for QPR “to stay in the Premier League”.
He also has shared motivation with fellow window signings Shaun Wright-Phillips, Anton Ferdinand and even Joey Barton. “A lot of us are united by the fact we have a lot of people to prove wrong,” he said. “100 per cent we have something to prove.”
For Traore, professional disappointment has been exacerbated by personal heartbreak over the last two years
“My life has changed a lot,” he explained. “People don't know this on the outside. I lost my Dad to cancer. I used to be on the phone to him almost every day. I have seen my Dad when he couldn't even walk or get out of bed. I had to pick him up myself in the middle of the night. When you see things like this and think about them again, it can be very heartbreaking.
IN NUMBERS
Traore's career
1
The number of goals Traore has scored in his professional career.
3 Traore has three tattoos, one on either arm and wings on his back, all of which he wants to remove.
8 Arsenals conceded eight goals in Traore's final game for the club.
13 The number of league appearances Traore made during six years at Arsenal. 14 Traore was 14 when he left his parents' home in Paris to join Monaco. He moved to Arsenal's academy two years later.
“He passed away and I had to cope with trying to get back into the Juventus side at the same time as the front page of the papers saying, ‘Traore hasn't even started playing. He is still injured'. My wife was pregnant. Injuries, injuries, injuries. That was a crazy season. It was a painful time.”
Traore was helped by his Muslim faith, which he has embraced with added vigour in recent times after a spell when he admits he did not practice it properly.
“Without my faith it would have not been the same. I would probably still be thinking of my Dad now and all sad. He was suffering and now he is okay, you know. My faith helped. When you have faith in God, it is okay.”
Despite playing for France at Under-21 level, Traore opted in June to represent the land of his fathers and by pledging allegiance to Senegal. It is a decision that would have pleased his father, a former Senegal international himself.
“This is one of the main reasons why. My mother keeps telling me, ‘If he saw you now he would be proud'. All the time we were talking about France or Senegal he was, like, ‘Wait a bit, until you are 21 or 22'. But I knew that he wanted me to play for Senegal because back in Senegal are all my family and there is a lot of pride in me playing for Senegal.
“The fact also is that when I saw what Senegal was trying to do, rebuild the team with so much quality, the names they were trying to bring in, I thought, ‘I want to be part of this; there is something we can do there'. Everyone is my age, quite young and could be there for the next 10 years.”
One regret Traore does have is decorating his body with three tattoos, one on each arm and wings on his back.
“I don't know what I was thinking,” he admitted. “I was 16.” Traore has spoken in the past of removing them but is now concerned about the pain.
My life has changed a lot. I lost my Dad to cancer. I used to be on the phone to him every day
“I have heard the laser is more painful than the actual tattoo,” he grimaces. “I am still thinking of doing it but at the end of the day I hope that I have been forgiven for what I have done. I might as well not try and go through the pain. The ones on my arms, the small ones, definitely, but the one on my back, the big one, is going to be difficult.”
Talking of art, Traore returns to the subject of Arsenal and Arsene, who he was too bashful to approach as a teenager but gradually got to know over time. “Outside of football, I had some good chats with him. He is a good man.”
Before he leaves the training ground to go home to his wife and 12-month-old son, who Traore laughs is “wrecking the house at the moment”, the defender talks with optimism about the future.
He said: “My aim was to establish myself as the left-back at Arsenal. It didn't happen. It was meant to be like this. I'm not going to cry over it. I have moved on and want to get on with my career. That's what everyone should do.”
Follow Wayne Veysey on
How do you stay up to date with football when on the move? With http://m.goal.com – your best source for mobile coverage of the beautiful game.
A brief history of Kimi the builder
Hello and Happy Wednesday to my dear readers, I do hope that you all are well and to my readers that that is going through the month of Ramadhan I wish you a merry fasting month! Today I do want to touch on something more personal, a bit of a story and history of how kimi the builder came to be. So please do take a seat because we are going to go do some reminising together. Lol.
I have always loved building model kits, I think my first introduction to a plastic model is with a Tamiya kit (I think most kids growing up in malaysia during the 90s can vouch for this) tho not with the RC kit though as most of the kids at the time were. I was however leaning towards the military minitures, my first Tamiya military kit was the Tamiya 1/35 German Army Jagttiger. The thing I remember most of this kit is that it was a kit where both me and my dad worked on together. It was still until this day one of the best memories I've made.
Seeing it competed however leaves a very strange feeling to the 9 year old me, the feeling of accomplishing something that you yourself never thought possible (thanks in parts to my dad though) and it leaves you feeling really proud of myself. It was then I started developing a love towards building military plamo's. It was when kimi started his journey in becoming kimi the builder.
As for my love for gunpla however it started a year after i started building Plamos. I remember buying my first gunpla during the 3rd day of raya in 1996 (23rd February 1996). The 1/144 RGM-122 Javelin was my first gunpla that was bought using my ‘Raya' Ang pau money that i have gotten from my family at the time. I have been making plamos for a year then so when I came across the javelin, it was the first kit that I made that didn't actually require me to use any glue.
It blew my mind away. It was easier then what I was accustomed to, and even its instructions were alot more thoughtful as compared to tamiya instructions (as a kid I really do find Tamiya's instructions quite hard to understand). It was a kit that i really enjoyed building, but it wasn't a kit that i fall in love with yet.
It took me awhile to get my second gunpla, the 1/144 First Grade RX-78-2 this was if I'm not mistaken was bought on the month of October 1999, I bought this kit when I was on a school trip to KLCC (right after our final primary school exam). I remember seeing this kit in parkson for an RM49.90 and thinking that I can blow my load all of my pocket money for this kit. Well, you can imagine what happened to me after making that decision, I got fucked in the ass badly for the whole day, hungry but content for some weird reason, haha.
This kit however is the one that manage to change my mind on gunplas, eventhough it was uncoloured to most parts but it was still as easy to get into as the Javelin. It was uncomplicated and it was a joy to make, eventhough it is a First Grade kit I started to get hooked by the lure of the Gundam Plastic Models. Oh it was fragile as fuck, I got it a week later the leg broke off, FML.
Thats when i really get into building gunplas.
Mind you, I was collecting the kits without ever watching the anime at all. I was more fascinated by the designs and how thoughtful the designers of these plastic model manufacturers in making something that everybody can just get into. The more gunplas that I bought the more that I feel like getting into the anime and my first introduction to the Gundam anime was the Char's Counterattack.
I admit when I first watched the anime, I couldn't understand the plot at all due to the fact I never touched any Gundam animes before. Regardless, what left an impression on me is the kind of relationship both Char and Amuro had between each other. I never watched anything at that time that could manage a feat where the audience can feel so strongly to their motivations in the movie. It makes somebody of a newcomer interested in knowing more about their past and it made me a fan not just the model kits but now as an anime fan as well.
The anime made me wanted to learn more of the kits that I bought and it made rewatching some of the anime and the new anime more enjoyable because you know and you learn of the massive lore surrounding the Mechas that was featured in the anime, no matter if it was a grunt unit nor a hero unit.
I do find that an amazing feat, because when I started building military plamos the one thing that I find amusing is the fact that there is always stories and history that comes together with the kit. So when Bandai pulls it off with gunplas it managed to impress me. I do think that the one thing that bandai managed to pull off really well until today is establishing the lores of the mobile suits. It never seems to amaze me the kind of effort they put in making it work and because of that it manages to pull people over to gunpla.
I think through out the years, I have manage to collect around 150 Gunpla kits and 20 non gunpla kits since I started on this hobby 22 years ago. It has it share of ups and downs, seen me going through my lowest of points to the best of times. There are alot of stories and memories that I've made since started on this journey in becoming a builder, and it took me awhile to realise that building It's not just a hobby for me.
It was a big part of my life. Hopefully, I would have a long enough life to continue on this journey and write more to you guys.
Anyways, enough mad ramblings from me, hahaha! Do hope you guys enjoy this brief history of how kimi became a builder that he is today. Let me know if you guys enjoy this, or if you want to hear more stories like this in the future!
As well please do share your stories of how you guys got into gunpla or plamo building too! I would love to read your stories as well! Oh as well feel free to leave a like or a comment below! I do appriciate your inputs! 🙂
I do hope you guys have an awesome week ahead and I see you guys again on the next post! 😃
Cheers!
Advertisements
Last week, when we announced we'd give 100 percent of our global retail and online Black Friday sales directly to grassroots nonprofits working on the frontlines to protect our air, water and soil for future generations, we heard from many of our customers calling it a “fundraiser for the earth.”
We're humbled to report the response was beyond expectations: With your help, Patagonia reached a record-breaking $10 million in sales. We expected to reach $2 million in sales—we beat that expectation five times over. The enormous love our customers showed to the planet on Black Friday enables us to give every penny to hundreds of grassroots environmental organizations working around the world.
Many of these environmental groups are underfunded and under the radar, and they are overwhelmed with your commitment. On behalf of these activists and every Patagonia employee, we extend a heartfelt thank you to our customers, friends and community worldwide who showed up to #loveourplanet.
You can learn more about the past recipients of Patagonia environmental grants in your community here. This additional infusion of resources will go a long way toward addressing climate change and other serious environmental issues.
The science is telling us loud and clear: We have a problem. By getting active in communities, we can raise our voices to defend policies and regulations that will protect wild places and wildlife, reduce carbon emissions, build a modern energy economy based on investment in renewables, and, most crucially, ensure the United States remains fully committed to the vital goals set forth in the Paris Agreement on climate change.
Along with many loyal customers, the initiative attracted thousands who have never purchased anything from Patagonia before. We're encouraged to see the great interest from so many in making buying decisions that align with strong environmental values—and taking steps to get more directly involved as well.
1% For The Planet
Patagonia is a proud member of 1% for the Planet, an alliance of businesses that understand the necessity of protecting the natural environment, and are concerned with the social and environmental impacts of industry. If you're a business owner, please consider becoming a member. By contributing 1% of total annual sales to grassroots environmental groups, member companies affect real change. To learn more, check out onepercentfortheplanet.org.
A mini commission forof their fearless seafaring zebra character, Captain Cebrastian. I'm not sure exactly what possessed me to agree to do a zebra character in mini form, not even having done a full size zebra before and generally having a policy against doing complex markings on mini plushes, but...I plead temporary insanity. That said, I do actually love how he turned out.This guy gave me a huge amount of trouble (which surprises absolutely no one ever). Initially I intended to airbrush his stripes on, but he was simply too small for me to effectively mask the areas that needed to stay white, and that try failed miserably. Next I decided to applique his stripes, but as I expected, on such a small plush the added stiffness imposed by the applique pulled his body out of shape and looked horrible. So finally, I resorted to fusing his stripes on, which took absolutely forever and would probably be considered cheating by some but I am very happy with the look of. *gasp*Cebrastian is made of Snow White, Royal, Electric Blue and Azure minky with applique and fused details. His cloak is lined cotton; the design along the edge of it is hand painted with heatfixed fabric paints. His little earring is a silver pendant that I've been carrying around since I was 12 in the hopes that I would find the perfect thing to use it on - and now I have! Cebrastian is 6" tall to the top of his head.Now I need to go eat something because I've been working on him since 8:30 am without stop.*passes out*
Tune into CNN International on Sunday at 4 p.m. CET for a full report on the Yemen war.
Sanaa (CNN) Dozens of schools and hospitals have been bombed . Foreign powers have carried out deadly airstrikes . Political chaos has created a vacuum for militant groups like ISIS to flourish and sieges have cut off rebel-held areas from desperately needed aid.
A building in flames after an airstrike by the Saudi-led coalition in February, in Sanaa.
You might think this is a picture of war-torn Syria, but it is in fact Yemen, where a bloody civil war has created what the UN calls a "humanitarian catastrophe."
But unlike Syria, the world's gaze has largely missed a conflict that has left millions in need of aid and pushed communities to the brink of famine.
As such, many terms it the "forgotten war."
"It's probably one of the biggest crises in the world but it's like a silent crisis, a silent situation and a forgotten war," UN Humanitarian Coordinator in Yemen Jamie McGoldrick told CNN.
The health service has "completely collapsed" and "children are dying silent deaths," McGoldrick said, as medical facilities continue to be bombed relentlessly.
Child victims
A malnourished boy lies in hospital in Houdieda, Yemen on September 9, 2016
Since the conflict began in 2015, an estimated 10,000 people have been killed, according to the UN.
Harrowing photos of children wasting away are undoubtedly the most telling images of Yemen's war. UNICEF reports that 1.5 million children are currently malnourished in the country, 370,000 of them severely. On top of this, 178 schools have been attacked, according to data collected by the Yemen Post.
"The scale of suffering as a result of the ongoing conflict in Yemen is shocking. An estimated 21.2 million people, which constitutes nearly 80% of the total population, need humanitarian assistance. Almost half of those in need are children," said UNICEF Yemen Representative Meritxell Relano.
The war itself
The conflict began in early 2015, when Houthi rebels -- a minority Shia group from the north of the country -- drove out the US-backed government, led by President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi, and took over the capital, Sanaa.
Men loyal to the Houthi movement brandish their weapons in March 2015 during a gathering in Sanaa.
The crisis quickly escalated into a multi-sided war, which allowed al Qaeda and ISIS -- other enemies of the Houthis -- to grow stronger amid the chaos.
The Houthis are backed by Iran and its members follow the Shia Islamic branch of Zaidism. Zaidis make up around a third of Yemen's population and ruled the country's north for almost 1,000 years until 1962.
A coalition led by neighboring Saudi Arabia began its air raids on the country in support of Hadi's government in March last year.
Deadly Eid strike
Since peace talks in Kuwait failed in August, the Saudi-led coalition intensified airstrikes, despite vocal criticism from rights groups that the bombardments have been indiscriminate and constitute war crimes. The attacks have often hit civilian targets with devastating results.
On the day before Eid al-Adha -- considered by many to be the holiest Muslim holiday -- the coalition pounded a group of farmers digging a well in rebel-held Beit Saadan, north of Sanaa, killing at least 48 people, including first responders and children, according to three security sources in Beit Sadaan, who did not want to be named.
Abdul Malik Ali Wajeeh, a local resident and witness, lost his cousin, who was trying to rescue those buried in rubble from the initial strike.
"It's not the first time rescuers have been attacked by Saudi airstrikes, and people are aware that could happen. But you can't watch loved ones die and do nothing to help," he said.
A spokesperson for the Saudi-led coalition, General Ahmed al-Asseri, told RT news that "all operations in the area were targeting Houthi positions and members."
The attack gained international media attention after the UN put out a statement saying it was "deeply disturbed by the unrelenting attacks on civilians and on civilian infrastructure," calling it one of the worst attacks in the conflict yet.
But the Yemen Post collated information from official sources that at least 69 other civilians were killed in strikes the following week, including several as they slept in their homes and others as they celebrated Eid. The media has been largely silent on these attacks.
Out of the headlines
Yemen is in general very poorly covered.
"It's a complicated and messy conflict, it's hard to report on well, and it's hard to find a good guy and a bad guy," said Peter Salisbury, an associate fellow from the Middle East and North Africa Program at London-based Chatham House.
"There are a lot of issues with accessibility -- it's very hard to get into Yemen during the war, and if you do, it's not the easiest environment to get around in.
"It's expensive and it's not full of freelance journalists. It's a hard to sell to editors," he said.
'Giant game of risk'
But the lack of coverage seems to be mirroring a general lack of interest in the international community.
"The Yemen war remains regional because there is no major international backer on the other side of the conflict. And the Americans and the UK don't have any real strategic interest in Yemen, which is why they have decided to back the Saudis. For them, the strategic imperative in Yemen is really to keep the Saudis happy and to maintain a degree of stability in the Gulf," Salisbury said.
An airstrike by the Saudi-led coalition on an arms depot in May 2015, east of Sanaa.
The Syrian conflict is of interest in the West as it has bled beyond its borders, with ISIS carrying out or inspiring attacks across Europe and spreading its influence in other Middle Eastern countries.
The UK and US have shown no sign of stopping its sale of arms to the Saudis, despite mounting pressure to do so.
"There have been one or two occasions where the British arms industry wouldn't have been able to survive if it hadn't been for massive orders from Saudi Arabia," Salisbury said.
"Basically, policymakers in the West see the world as a giant game of Risk, and they see more value to maintaining their relationship with Saudi Arabia than getting rid of bad PR over Yemen."
Independent investigation
A man in Sanaa visits the grave of a relative killed in the conflict.
At the Human Rights Council, which is currently in session, there have been calls for an independent investigation into the actions of the Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis, both of whom are accused of committing war crimes.
These calls intensified after the Saudi-led coalition was removed from a UN blacklist in June that blamed the group for a six-fold jump in child deaths in the country. A UN official told CNN the Saudi government had applied huge pressure on Secretary General Ban Ki Moon to do so , though the Saudi government denied the accusations.
Riyadh accuses the Houthi rebels of recruiting child soldiers, and after a deadly strike that killed at least 14 children, it told CNN it was targeting a Houthi militant camp.
JUST WATCHED US 'not afraid' to raise Yemen concerns with Saudis Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH US 'not afraid' to raise Yemen concerns with Saudis 02:00
Saudi UN Ambassador Abdallah al-Mouallimi told Al-Araby Al-Jadeed that he is certain his country was off the list for good following the announcement.
Mouallimi said some of the information in the UN report lacked accuracy and said the UN had been invited to send experts to Riyadh to discuss the report.
"We will do everything possible from our side to minimize casualties on our part," he said.
Angelenos Doug Billings and Tracy Garner are about to get married. Two days before the wedding, the four men in the wedding party - Doug, Doug's two best buddies Phil Wenneck and Stu Price, and Tracy's brother Alan Garner - hop into Tracy's father's beloved Mercedes convertible for a 24-hour stag party to Las Vegas. Phil, a married high school teacher, has the same maturity level as his students when he's with his pals. Stu, a dentist, is worried about everything, especially what his controlling girlfriend Melissa thinks. Because she disapproves of traditional male bonding rituals, Stu has to lie to her about the stag, he's telling her that they are going on a wine tasting tour in the Napa Valley. Regardless, he intends on eventually marrying her, against the advice and wishes of his friends. And Alan seems to be unaware of what are considered the social graces of the western world. The morning after their arrival in Las Vegas, they awaken in their hotel suite each with the worst ... Written by Huggo
The most important point to consider includes the size and weight. It is recommended that you go for those sleeping camps that are lightweight. This makes it easy to carry about. Getting an ultralight sleeping pad that's suited to your height can go a very long way in giving you a pleasurable backpacking experience.
Comfort
Another important guide that should influence your buying decision is the comfort you are going to derive from the sleeping pad, and that has to do with the quality of materials used in producing it. Sleeping pads are made of smooth surfaces, and that ensures you derive maximum comfort from it. Look for those with smooth surfaces.
Warmth
Warmth is equally important, especially if you are camping during the cold season. Look for sleeping pads designed in such a way that you feel the warmth. Check the R-Value of the product you are buying. A sleeping pad's R-Value tells you the pad's ability to retain warmth, and it can range from as low as 0.7 to 10. The higher the R-Value, the warmer the sleeping pad is. You can decide to buy two pads, one for summer and one for winter, or you can opt for an all-season pad that has an R-Value of between 3 to 4. This would be enough to keep you comfortable and give you a good night's sleep.
Durable
Most importantly, you have to look for the most durable sleeping pad for camping. Foam sleeping pads can be cheaper and more durable but are also less able to provide insulation from the cold. They can be inconvenient to carry along since you can only attach them outside your backpack. Inflatable sleeping pads, on the other hand, are more comfortable and provide better insulation, therefore allowing you to have a good night's sleep in most weather conditions. The only problem with inflatable sleeping pads is they can get punctured, which requires you to carry along a repair kit in all your backpacking trips. If weight is not an issue and you don't mind shelling out some extra bucks, you can choose to have one foam sleeping pad and one ultralight 4-season self-inflating sleeping pad. Together, foam sleeping pads and self-inflating sleeping pads can give you the right amount of insulation for a more comfortable camping experience. This is an ideal option for car campers who don't have to carry everything in their backpack.
Ten Recommended Best Sleeping Pad for Camping
Investment in a sleeping pad should be a onetime investment, and because of that, you have to look for the one that can last for you longer.
To make it easier for you to pick the best sleeping pad for camping, the best sleeping pads are reviewed and recommended for you here. You can choose any of them.
The Venus Flytrap. Everyone's heard of it, most have seen it, many have owned it and made it thrive.
But did you know that the Venus Flytrap is only one of hundreds of species of carnivorous plants, and that a staggering number of those species are actually in cultivation by hobbyists and growers?
CAPTIVATED: The Allure of Carnivorous Plants tells the stories of four people whose lives were affected in different ways by the cultivation of these many fascinating plants. Learn about the many of the wide range of carnivorous plants out there as each person tells the story of their journey.
ART.
Matt is a grower whose fascination with these plants led to a very different path from the one he began. Embracing the artistry of the image, Matt embarked on a journey that has taken him from design to photography, with exhibitions and more...
DISCOVERY.
Ivan has been fascinated by carnivorous plants for a significant portion of his young life. Now in high school, his ever-improving cultivation skills have brought some of the more esoteric plants within his reach...
LIVELIHOOD.
Eric has coupled his passion for carnivorous plants into his life. As a full-time cultivator and retailer, his very livelihood exclusively depends on maintaining a high turnover of plants year-round...
COMMUNITY.
Jonathan M. took what began as a simple hobby and parleyed it into an online community. His continued efforts bring together growers across the world, from hobbyists to professionals, culminating in an annual fundraiser for conservation charity...
Hear these stories and more, as you learn about some of the amazing types of plants seen in the pictures here. See the sticky tentacles of the Drosera sundews, the gaping maws of the Nepenthes pitcher plants, the striking colors and patterns of the Sarracenia pitcher plants, the patient surfaces of the Dionaea Venus Flytrap, the delicate leaves of the Pinguicula butterworts, the bizarre trap of the Cephalotus pitcher plant, the striking flowers of the Utricularia bladderworts, the spiraling chambers of the Genlisea corkscrew plants and several others...
The funding goals reflect our projected budget, covering equipment costs (camera and lighting equipment, possibly a time-lapse camera if funding permits), legal fees (insurance and liability), post-production (music, graphics) and overhead (transportation, etc.) If our funding is able to reach a stretch goal of $9000 we'll also be in a position to pursue DVD/Blu-Ray mastering for distribution.
I'm an independent filmmaker and a carnivorous plant hobbyist that eventually opened a carnivorous plant nursery here in New York City.
Along this journey, I've seen some amazing plants and met some amazing people, right here in New York.
Their stories are the ones that I'd like to share.
But I can't do it without your help.
In the midst of GOP celebrations over the passage of their tax plan, Vice President Mike Pence went viral thanks to a bizarre moment during a cabinet meeting this Wednesday where be offered a prayer-like North Koreaesque speech praising his Dear Leader.
The video of the event was just as astounding as it was grotesque. After asking HUD Secretary Ben Carson to lead the group in prayer, Trump turned to Pence and said, “Mike, would you like to say a few words?”
As Trump sat with his arms folded, looking like a glaring king taking in his subject's servitude, Pence launched into a three-minute speech that, as The Washington Post pointed out, lavished praise upon Trump every 12-seconds, at one point gushing that Trump had “unleashed American energy,” whatever the hell that means.
The internet's reaction to the spectacle was brutal. “Mike Pence = lap dog,” one Twitter user tweeted. “Listening to Mike Pence talk to Trump at these cabinet meetings is like watching a documentary on prison bitches,” tweeted another.
Joining in the mockery was the official Twitter account for Dictionary.com.
“There's a word for a person who would praise someone every 12 seconds,” the site's Twitter account posted Thursday, while linking to the dictionary's definition for “sycophant.”
According to Dictionary.com, “sycophant” is a noun referring to a “self-seeking, servile flatterer; fawning parasite.” The entry included synonyms for the words such as “toady, yes man, flunky, fawner, flatterer.”
The site has a history of tweeting out snarky observations of Trumplandia:
They've taken issue with the president's vocabulary as well:
To rescind is to invalidate (an act, measure, etc.) by a later action or a higher authority.https://t.co/cdvaBVyxuy https://t.co/4EEwffK9sf — Dictionary.com (@Dictionarycom) December 19, 2017
According to The Daily Beast‘s Matt Lewis, Pence's almost religious adulation of Trump is “patently un-American.
This sort of slavish hero worship offends me on a couple of levels. First, it strikes me as patently un-American. We don't have a king in this country—because we overthrew one. Our aversion to strongmen is so visceral that criticizing a president—any president—almost feels like one's patriotic duty. In this regard, one wonders if feeding Trump's authoritarian tendencies satiates these tendencies or encourages them. This deference to authority also feels a bit antiquated. Granted, the position of Potus deserves respect. But the saying goes that one salutes the rank and not the man. This feels like they are saluting the man.
Featured image via screen grab (YouTube)
The mayor of Tower Hamlets, Lutfur Rahman, has accused BBC Panorama of Islamophobia and racism ahead of a programme about him which is due to be broadcast this evening.
In a statement on his website Rahman said that a “criminal investigation” is now underway after a BBC Panorama whistle-blower revealed racism and Islamophobia behind the programme on Tower Hamlets.
He said: “I believe the programme is being used for political campaigning and electioneering purposes just weeks before local and Mayoral elections in May. A dossier passed to us by a BBC whistle-blower has revealed it to be in total breach of the BBC's editorial guidelines as a public broadcaster. It has clear racist and Islamophobic overtones targeting the Bangladeshi Muslim community in Tower Hamlets.
“The BBC and the undercover production company, Films of Record, have also been referred to the Information Commissioner and there is now a criminal investigation underway. Sadly this programme is already being used for political campaigning by politicians from Tower Hamlets Labour Party and promoted by right wing journalists. The BBC's targeting of our borough is nothing short of a direct intervention in the outcome of an election.”
He added: “I'm proud that with your support I have been able to deliver some of the most progressive policies of any council in the country, whether that's building the most homes; supporting our young people; providing free school meals to all primary school children; protecting our heritage; looking after our elderly or improving our environment. I'll let the people of Tower Hamlets judge my record in office – not by a programme with a clear political bias, broadcasting for Tower Hamlets Labour Party.
Meanwhile, the BBC has emphatically denied Mayor Rahman's accusations.
In a statement the corporation said: “The BBC emphatically rejects any suggestion that its investigation into Lutfur Rahman's administration was either politically or racially motivated.
“We can confirm that there has been a breach of data protection at an independent production company working with the BBC on a Panorama investigation as a result of unauthorised disclosure by a former researcher on the production team, in breach of her obligation of confidentiality.
“This breach includes material relating to the programme's confidential sources. Our primary concern is to protect our sources and we are urgently investigating the matter. We have also notified the ICO.”
Panorama
This evening at 8.30pm Panorama will examine Rahman's record and those of other directly elected town hall chiefs.
A solicitor specialising in family law, Bangladesh-born but Tower Hamlets-raised, he describes himself as a liberal and a social democrat. In 2010, Rahman, who had briefly led the council for Labour before the mayoral system was introduced, twice failed to make the party's panel-picked shortlist for mayoral candidates, but was added to it after taking legal action. He won the subsequent selection ballot of Tower Hamlets party members handsomely, only to be dumped by Labour's national executive committee. He ended up fighting the borough's first mayoral contest as an independent, thrashing the fellow Bangladeshi installed to replace him into a distant second place, and beginning a four-year term that will come to an end when he seeks re-election in May. Yet unflattering media attention has constantly dogged him. There have been recurring unproven accusations of dubious relationships with dodgy businessmen, voting improprieties, dirty campaign tactics, lack of transparency and the giving of grants to community organisations in the tacit expectation of en bloc ballot box support. His supporters say these are just politically motivated slurs. Panorama says it will investigate claims that Rahman has “used public funds both to promote himself and to create a political power base” and says that it has evidence “suggesting” the mayor has refused “to answer opposition questions about spending decisions involving millions of pounds of public money”. Rahman's core support is substantially among his fellow Tower Hamlets Bangladeshis, who comprise around 30% of the borough's population. The council argues that grants for community projects represent a tiny part of its budget and that those to Bangladeshi schemes are rightly supporting some of the borough's most disadvantaged residents.
The Labour party's challenger this time is John Biggs, another former leader of the council, who now represents Tower Hamlets and two other east London boroughs on the London Assembly. He offers a measured view of his opponent, acknowledging that many in the Bangladeshi community see Rahman as their wronged champion, fighting hardship and discrimination. His central case is that Rahman isn't up to the job of mayor, characterising him as inward-looking, weak and doing too little to help Tower Hamlets be the opposite. But he also accuses the mayor of being “big on patronage”, preoccupied with nurturing his bedrock backers and so risking sowing division in a culturally diverse borough. Unlike the first Tower Hamlets mayoral election, May's will be held on the same day as the vote for borough councillors. Biggs hopes this will increaseboth the turnout and his chances.
As you're here… 5Pillars have one humble request from you… Thousands of Muslims around the world visit our website for news every day. Due to the unfortunate reality of covering Muslim-related news in a heightened Islamophobic environment, our advertising and fundraising revenues have decreased significantly. 5Pillars is editorially and financially independent, with no sectarian or political allegiance to any particular group or movement. Our journalism has been exclusively grassroots focussed and our sole purpose is to defend Islam and Muslims in the media. This makes us unique in comparison to other online Muslim media outlets who are neither independently regulated by a reputable body nor are they managed by qualified journalists. Our journalism takes time, money and effort to deliver. But we do it because we believe we have a duty to Allah (swt). You may not agree or like everything we publish. However, which other Muslim news site that is run by experienced journalists will take on the responsibility of being a shield for Islam and Muslims in the media? If you follow 5Pillars, and you understand its importance in today's climate, then please support us for as little as £5 a month, it only takes a minute to make a donation. Jazakallah khayran. Our beloved Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) said:“The best deeds are those done regularly, even if they are small.” [Ibn Mājah] CLICK HERE TO SUPPORT 5PILLARS
Shares 0
Add your comments below
This week TheJournal.ie highlighted the impact of the tracker mortgage scandal with the case of 40-year-old Ray Flavin, who was charged the wrong rate of interest on his Bank of Ireland tracker mortgage. The widower and father-of-five is now fighting in the courts to keep his home, despite the bank's admission of error. Yesterday we also revealed the Circuit Court granted the bank a possession order for almost 8 acres of his father's land that it had no right to – a decision criticised by the Master of the High Court. Here, Ray Flavin speaks exclusively to TheJournal.ie about the impact this battle has had on his life and his family.
She made a perfect life for me there and I won't let anyone take it, they'll have to shoot me or knock it down around me.
RAYMOND FLAVIN'S WIFE Trish was 38 when she died suddenly in January this year.
Now he says he will do whatever he has to do to keep their five children in their home, as Bank of Ireland pushes ahead with its attempt to repossess his house.
The 40-year-old from Co Kerry took out a mortgage with Bank of Ireland in 2008 and with the help of friends he built a house for his family on his father's land.
Five years later, he was seriously injured at work when a coach fell on top of him as he was working underneath it. He suffered seven ruptured discs in his back and was in a wheelchair for six months.
Flavin was out of work for almost a year in total and he fell back on the mortgage repayments. He said he approached the bank early on and managed to have the monthly payment rate reduced.
I knew that the arrears were going to keep building and it was only going to get worse,” he told TheJournal.ie.
However, he still could not afford to keep up with the payments as the family depended on disability benefit and a part-time wage Trish was bringing in.
In 2014, the bank started court proceedings against Flavin.
At the time, he was €18,000 in arrears.
“Since then it's just a constant battle with them, there's no talking to them, no leeway.
“It's just been dragging on and dragging on. It's been court date after court date,” Flavin, who has been representing himself in court (free legal aid does not cover property disputes), told TheJournal.ie.
“At first I was keeping it all to myself and eventually told my wife and naturally she tried to help but sure there was nothing she could do.”
In July last year, the bank was granted a possession order and he received a letter to inform him he had four months to vacate the house.
Flavin said the strain of their financial difficulties weighed heavily on his wife.
“We had three court dates here in Dublin, we went to the three court dates.
“Each time, the bank didn't show up… Trish was panicking about it and got severe panic attacks – one actually in the Hub office. She just collapsed.”
On 7 January this year, the 38-year-old suffered a heart attack and died.
“They're finding it very, very tough,” Flavin said of his five kids. The youngest are twins, a boy and girl, aged four. Their other son is six years old, while the two eldest girls are aged 11 and 16.
Ray Flavin with one of his sons. Source: Family provided
He was back in Dublin for a court appearance on 9 March, accompanied this time by his eldest daughter Aoife.
During the hearing, Master of the High Court Edmund Honohan reviewed his mortgage papers and the possession order and noticed a discrepancy.
Flavin's mortgage was to cover his house, which is surrounded by 8 acres of his father's land. The order, however, is for two plots – the plot the house was built on and the seven and three quarter acres of land surrounding it.
“The circuit court shouldn't have given an order for possession of the seven and three quarter acres because that's not part of your house,” Honohan told Flavin.
The High Court Master also accused Bank of Ireland's legal representatives of attempting to take “the whole enchilada”.
“How did that happen?,” he asked, adding that he wanted “an explanation as to why they want an order on that”.
Honohan questioned the father-of-five, a man of few words, about how he intended to win this case, arguing his case with no legal background.
“I'll do whatever I have to do,” he replied. “All my five kids have left is that house.”
He later told TheJournal.ie that it was simply not an option for him to hire professional legal representation.
“If I had that kind of money to be spending I'd be repaying my mortgage.” But as he sat with his daughter after the court hearing, he said he was not going down without a fight.
Since we moved into that house the first person she saw every morning was her mother. The last person she saw every night was her mother. Every day all through the day they were at home with their mother, everything they did in that house, it was all with her and for their mother to be gone now, that's all they have left.
“I don't care what they do, I won't be giving it up. Not a hope in hell.”
In response to a query from TheJournal.ie, Bank of Ireland said it could not comment on individual customer accounts.
If you have been affected by the tracker mortgage scandal, we want to hear your story. Get in touch by sending a message to trackermortgage@thejournal.ie.
Are These Renderings The Next-Gen Nissan LEAF?
April 7th, 2017 by Zachary Shahan
Sometime back, Pedro Lima of PushEVs — a Portuguese dude who seems to have some close connections to people in the EV battery world and deep knowledge of EV batteries — posted some potentially legit renderings of the next-gen Nissan LEAF. We published about them at the time, but also took them with a grain of salt — renderings of future cars are a dime a dozen.
The odd thing is that I don't recall Pedro ever seeing where he got the renderings, and he's quite thorough about referencing sources.
As spy shots of camouflaged 2018 Nissan LEAFs have been popping up, I'm more and more convinced that the renderings below are legit renderings from Nissan. Take a look at the renderings below and then spy shots on Autoblog, AutoExpress, and PushEVs.
I personally like the look of the original Nissan LEAF, but I'm well aware that many people don't like it. I think this rendering (and what the camouflaged LEAFs we've seen) shows is a more mainstream design that is also sportier and still features a bit of the unique appeal of the original LEAF. I love it.
Beyond looks, Pedro picked up some other information about one of the undercover LEAFs.
Micky65 from the German forum goingelectric.de took the shot we see above and was able to retrieve some details about the new generation Nissan Leaf.
First, the Nissan Leaf in the photo above has a CHAdeMO socket, this means that Nissan should keep pushing the Japanese fast charging standard, even in Europe and the USA. I have hoped that Nissan would finally adopt CCS and type 2 in Europe, especially since the Leaf is also made here, maybe someday…
Second, the battery capacity is around 40 kWh, as it was initially planed and I reported last year. However, since Nissan delayed the introduction of the new generation Nissan Leaf, I questioned myself if it meant that Nissan decided at the last minute that 40 kWh wouldn't be enough, and was going to 60 kWh. I do foresee the introduction of a 60 kWh battery option in 2018, this way the Nissan Micra EV can get the 41 kWh battery from Renault Zoe and not cannibalize Leaf's sales.
That's an interesting hypothesis at the end. It would be superb if Nissan offered a low-price Nissan Micra EV with a 40 kWh battery, but I'm skeptical about that. I'm not saying it won't happen — I hope it does! — but I haven't seen indication from Nissan that it would head in that direction. Additionally, the Micra isn't available in the US, and I'd think Nissan would first electrify models that can be sold in the US and Europe.
Pedro also notes that the interior shot of the undercover LEAF doesn't show much but that it appears to be the same as the interior in the autonomous Nissan LEAF featured on “Fully Charged” (video below).
As we've reported previously, “the refreshed Nissan LEAF is, in addition to a revamped appearance, expected to possess a much improved range and Nissan's semi-autonomous ProPilot driving features — which will reportedly allow for fully autonomous single-lane highway travel.”
news, local-news, Newcastle tower, Newcastle foreshore tower, Queen's Wharf Tower, Newcastle Queen's Wharf Tower, Queen's Wharf Tower demolition, Newcastle City Council, Newcastle penis tower
Newcastle City Council has voted to demolish Queen's Wharf Tower next year, ending 30 years of “lewd jokes” over the landmark's unfortunate shape. The circular observation tower will remain open for six months to allow residents a final chance to climb its 180 steps and enjoy the view. READ MORE Landmark or eyesore? Mixed views on tower demolition But in the middle of next year it will be dismantled, much to the relief of the council's interim chief executive officer, Jeremy Bath. “There really is no other way to describe the Queen's Wharf Tower other than as an embarrassment to the city,” Mr Bath said. “I look forward to not having to answer the inevitable question of ‘why' from guests and visitors when they first see the tower. Unsurprisingly, there aren't many cities around the world that have placed a 30-metre-high phallic symbol in their most prominent public space.” Mr Bath expected the building's removal to make “headlines around the world” and give Newcastle a chance to promote itself again as a more forward-looking city. “The tower is often the subject of lewd jokes and negative reports from visitors, and it's certainly not a positive reflection on Newcastle as a modern city and a host city for major events.” The tower has been prominent on the city's skyline since Queen Elizabeth II opened the cluster of buildings named in her honour during Australia's bicentenary celebrations in 1988. But a maintenance bill of $1.6 million over the next four years and its lack of wheelchair access, not to mention its shape, have contributed to its demise. Mr Bath said the tower was often the target of vandalism and anti-social behaviour and was the council's “most complained about” asset. The council has released renderings of Queen's Wharf without the tower and plans to seek feedback on how the space should be used. Cr Kath Elliott (Ind) said after Tuesday night's council meeting that the council should have consulted the community before deciding to level the tower. Regular Newcastle Herald columnist Paul Scott, a lecturer at the university's school of design, communication and information technology, wrote in 2015 that the tower served as “little more than a public urinal”. “The revitalisation of Newcastle provides the perfect opportunity to lop off the embarrassment that both locals and visitors know as ‘the big penis',” he said. Newcastle property developer Keith Stronach called two years ago for not only the tower to go but also the entire Queen's Wharf complex. A comment from Brisbane's “Tom P” on travel website Tripadvisor is typical of visitors' reactions to the building: “Yes, the tower is a bit of an eyesore, smells, and is pretty rusty. However, the views from the top (or near to the top through the bars) are excellent.”
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/TFWurqJd3WWgt5tunziPf4/31f12d77-beb0-4e5b-a063-3aecd153b085.jpg/r2_334_3406_2257_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
Windows Server Containers will be able to run applications specifically built for Windows Server and .Net
Hoping to build on the success of Docker-based Linux containers, Microsoft has developed a container technology to run on its Windows Server operating system.
"We're finding that interest in containers is very high," said Mike Schutz, who runs cloud platform product marketing for Microsoft. Twenty percent of Azure users deploy Linux and a significant number of those users run Docker containers, he said.
The Windows Server Container can be used to package an application so it can be easily moved across different servers. It uses a similar approach to Docker's, in that all the containers running on a single server all share the same operating system kernel, making them smaller and more responsive than standard virtual machines.
Unlike Docker, which uses Linux as its core operating system, Windows Server Container will rely on the Windows Server operating system. This will allow organizations to package into containers their applications specifically built to run on Windows Server, and Microsoft's .Net framework.
In addition to the Windows Server Containers, Microsoft will also release a container for applications that require strong security, based on Microsoft's Hyper-V virtual machine. The Hyper-V Container "helps ensure that the code running remains isolated and can't impact the host that it is running on, or the other containers running along besides it."
The Docker software has been criticized for inadequate security. Both Ubuntu and CoreOS have also developed secure container technologies to address these issues.
The new technologies will arrive with the next release of Windows Server, due in 2016. Microsoft will offer a stripped-down version of Windows Server designed only to run containers, called Nano Server, which will take up only about 1/20th the size on disk compared to a regular copy of Windows Server.
Both Windows Server Containers and Hyper-V Containers can be controlled through the Docker engine, allowing administrators to manage both Docker and Microsoft containers in the same environment.
Since its debut in 2013, Docker has become extremely popular with developers and organizations, and has been downloaded over 100 million times. The software provides a way to package an application along with its dependent libraries so it can be easily and quickly run on any Linux platform. Microsoft was one of the first cloud providers to support Docker with its Azure cloud service, and the technology also quickly found a home in other enterprise focused cloud services from Amazon, Google, IBM, and Hewlett-Packard.
Microsoft will demonstrate these new container technologies at its Build developer conference in San Francisco this month.
Joab Jackson covers enterprise software and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service. Follow Joab on Twitter at @Joab_Jackson. Joab's e-mail address is Joab_Jackson@idg.com
New York Times columnist David Brooks said Sunday that Republicans should shoulder most of the blame if lawmakers do not reach an agreement on the fiscal cliff ahead of Tuesday's deadline.
"What's happening in Washington right now is pathetic. When you think about what the revolutionary generation did, what the civil war generation did, what the World War II generation did -- we're asking not to bankrupt our children and we've got a shambolic, dysfunctional process," Brooks said during an appearance on NBC's "Meet the Press."
"Most of the blame still has to go to the Republicans," he continued. "They've had a brain freeze since the election. They have no strategy. They don't know what they want. They haven't decided what they want."
Brooks' comments echoed a similar assessment from President Obama, who sat down with "Meet the Press" for an interview that aired Sunday morning.
"We have been talking to the Republicans ever since the election was over. They have had trouble saying yes to a number of repeated offers," Obama said. "[S]o far, at least, Congress has not been able to get this stuff done. Not because Democrats in Congress don't want to go ahead and cooperate, but because I think it's been very hard for Speaker Boehner and Republican Leader McConnell to accept the fact that taxes on the wealthiest Americans should go up a little bit, as part of an overall deficit reduction package."
But Brooks also reserved some of his criticism for the president, stating that Obama has at times "governed like a visitor from a morally superior civilization," appearing to undermine the very point he'd made about the value of the high moral fiber of previous generations just seconds earlier.
Poland-based bitcoin payment solutions provider InPay S.A. has launched an equity crowdfunding campaign that makes it possible to buy company stock with bitcoin.
The company claims to have secured the approval of Poland's Financial Supervision Authority (KNF), the country's equivalent of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which makes it a unique project in the Polish digital currency industry, according to company representatives.
The initiative was launched on Poland-based equity crowdfunding site Beesfund.com, where potential investors can acquire InPay stock with bitcoin, becoming shareholders in the company .
Paper stocks
In total, InPay is aiming to raise the equivalent of 200,000 zloties (around $60,000) from the public offering to finance its further development and expansion to other markets.
At press time, the firm had sold just over a quarter of the 5% of its stock made available in the scheme, priced at 40 zloties per share, and which has been purchased by over 100 investors so far. The offering is scheduled to be completed by November 16th.
InPay said in a statement that, unlike the reward-based crowdfunding model popularized by sites such as Kickstarter or RocketHub, equity crowdfunding enables potential investors interested in innovative business models to acquire stock in the firms.
Examples of such sites include EquityNet and Crowdcube. However, to date, none of these sites has enabled investors to purchase shares with the use of bitcoin, according to InPay.
Despite being paid for with bitcoin, InPay says that the stock will be printed on paper and sent by post to its new shareholders.
“For crowdfunding platforms, such as Beesfund, bitcoin seems to be the ideal engine for growth,” said Arkadiusz Regiec, Beesfund CEO. “It makes the whole purchase procedure much quicker and lowers transaction costs.”
Growing bitcoin market
InPay says it is the first bitcoin payment solution in Central Europe, providing services to retail outlets in a bid to remove “the obstacles facing the owners of brick-and-mortar and online stores who want to start accepting bitcoin”.
Poland is in the top 10 countries for the number of downloaded bitcoin clients, which makes it a promising market for digital currency payment operators. Data obtained by InPay shows that, in terms of active bitcoin node numbers, Poland ranks 12th and eighth at the global and European levels, respectively.
Additionally, there are more businesses accepting bitcoin in Warsaw than in a number of other major European cities, such as Munich, Brussels, Barcelona or Budapest, according to figures released by Coinmap.org.
“We use the bitcoin protocol to provide a quick and free flow of payments … for company owners, from buyer to seller,” said Lech Wilczyński, president of InPay.
Registered public offering
Wilczyński told CoinDesk that the latest venture by InPay is officially registered with the Polish financial authorities, and as such it is “completely different” from the unsuccessful attempt by bitcoin entrepreneur Eric Voorhees to launch a public offering of bitcoin securities without registering with the federal government.
According to the SEC, between 2012 and 2013, Voorhees solicited shares in two bitcoin-related ventures, SatoshiDICE and FeedZeBirds, triggering an investigation by the commission. In June 2014, the entrepreneur was banned from making such an offering for the next five years, and was forced to relinquish profits totaling $15,843.98, in addition to being imposed a penalty of $35,000.
Commenting on the affair, SEC Division of Enforcement director Andrew Ceresney said:
“All issuers selling securities to the public must comply with the registration provisions of the securities laws, including issuers who seek to raise funds using bitcoin.”
Vorhees reportedly raised more than 50,000 bitcoins from a number of investors. As a result, the SEC decided the entrepreneur had violated sections of the Securities Act of 1933. He was also accused of using online forums and social media platforms to solicit investors.
“In our case, everything was approved by the KNF. It is a public offering with shares available for purchase outside of the stock market,” Wilczyński said. “We know there are multiple platforms for stateless equity, but in this case, users receive real registered shares of the companies they invest in.”
CoinDesk was given access to documents stamped by the KNF that back up Wilczyński's statement.
Bitcoin's status debated
Meanwhile, Polish authorities are still debating the stance the country should adopt on digital currencies. Earlier this year, Poland's deputy finance minister Wojciech Kowalczyk released a document confirming that, under the country's existing financial regulations, bitcoin can be considered a financial instrument.
The Finance Ministry stated:
“Options or futures contracts which are based on [bitcoin] as a base instrument can be considered as derivative instruments, and as such, they can be considered as financial instruments, according to the bill on financial instruments.”
However, the notice also indicated that bitcoin is not an officially recognized currency in Poland.
Registered in June 2014, InPay S.A. is a limited company headquartered in Poland's capital Warsaw. The firm was co-funded by Polish software developers Lech Wilczyński and Sławomir Więch.
Prior to the latest public offering, the site secured funds provided by local online entrepreneur Arkadiusz Osiak, the creator of one of Poland's leading financial news sites Money.pl.
Update (16:15, 27th October): This article was updated to confirm the fact that CoinDesk was given access to documentation regarding the KNF approval.
Disclaimer: This article should not be viewed as an endorsement of any of the companies mentioned. Please do your own extensive research before considering investing any funds in these products.
Crowdfunding image via Shutterstock
Athletes are a notoriously superstitious lot. For years, Michael Jordan wore the shorts from his national-championship-winning University of North Carolina days under his Chicago Bulls uniform. Serena Williams won't change her socks at tournaments she's winning. Other professional athletes carry lucky charms or perform rituals, like bouncing a basketball in elaborate sequences before a free throw or kissing the golf ball before a putt. Jason Giambi (the former Yankee and current Colorado Rockies first baseman) has said that he slips on a pair of “lucky” thong underwear when his batting average falls. The thong's reputation is so potent that slumping teammates reportedly beg to borrow it.
Despite this fidelity to charms and rituals, however, there has been little scientific proof that such superstitions work. Does believing in luck actually make you a better athlete? Or would Michael Jordan have been just as successful without his undershorts?
A new study published online in the journal Psychological Science provides some intriguing answers and makes a compelling case that each of us should find lucky underwear of our own.
For the study, researchers in the psychology department at the University of Cologne in Germany completed a series of experiments. In the first, they recruited 28 college students to try to make as many putts as possible on a putting green. Before his or her first attempt, each participant was handed a golf ball. Some were told, “Here is your ball; so far it has turned out to be a lucky ball.” The rest were told, more blandly, “This is the ball everyone has used so far.” Each student putted 10 times.
The students using the “lucky” balls sunk significantly more putts than those who didn't.
Next the researchers had a different group of students completes a dexterity test. The students were given a plastic cube containing 36 balls and a shelf dimpled with 36 holes. They were told to dip and twist the box until the balls rested in the holes. First, though, they were given instruction from a moderator, who told some of the volunteers, “I press the thumbs for you,” a German idiom that means, approximately, “I'm keeping my fingers crossed for you; good luck.” The rest received neutral directions. By a fairly significant margin, the volunteers who had been offered good luck maneuvered the balls into position fastest.
Finally, the researchers tested whether people performed mental tests (of memory and vocabulary) more proficiently when they had a lucky charm with them. As it turned out, they did. They also reported feeling more confident about their ability to perform the tasks when their chosen charm was tucked up beside them than when it was in the next room (ostensibly to be photographed). Perhaps most tellingly, they tended to work harder and persevere longer at the tasks than the charmless group — apparently believing that since luck was with them, they shouldn't quit too soon.
The conclusion from these combined experiments was fairly obvious. “Activating a good-luck superstition,” the authors wrote, “leads to improved performance by boosting people's belief in their ability to master a task.” More precisely, they added, “the present findings suggest that it may have been the well-balanced combination of existing talent, hard training and good luck-underwear that made Michael Jordan perform as well as he did.”
But while this study suggests that superstitions can improve performance, the underlying physiological mechanisms remain complex and rather mysterious. Does the confidence inspired by lucky underwear lower nervous-system arousal, for instance, or otherwise reduce physiological stress? A number of scientists are looking into those issues. But for now, what psychologists — and fans — suspect is that superstitions are more common among the best athletes, the most invested and the hardest-working, the very people you might expect not to need luck.
Another telling recent experiment found that superstitions flourish particularly in situations where talent is nearing its limits. In the 2008 work, researchers at Colorado College in Colorado Springs, had a group of students putts. The first round of putts were easy, measuring only three feet to the cup. The second round consisted of nine-foot putts. Each volunteer putted 20 times at each distance. Students could choose their balls for each putt from a basket containing four different colors. During the easy round, the best putters pulled balls out at random; they weren't interested in the colors. But the less-able students, those who weren't good at putting, tended to pick the same colored ball after any successful putt. (It had become their “lucky” ball.)
When the testing moved to the longer putts, the better golfers started picking the same-colored ball after successful putts. As their skills were being challenged, they began turning to luck to increase their chances. Meanwhile, the less-talented putters, who generally missed all of the longer putts anyway, no longer seemed to care which ball they used. Luck couldn't help them now.
The lesson from this and the other experiments is, at its most basic, that being superstitious is a sign not of weakness but probably “of hope,” says Kristi Erdal, a professor of psychology at Colorado College and the senior author of the putting study. You may be turning to an external, intangible force, but you haven't given up.
Of course, there can be a downside to being superstitious in sports. “If athletes focus their energies on minor superstitious behaviors over training,” Ms. Erdal said in an e-mail message, “or if the superstition is so entrenched that its disruption (someone steals Jordan's shorts) leads him to play horribly because of the associated anxiety,” then good luck becomes its opposite. For most of us, though, most of the time, being superstitious is not wholly negative, she wrote. A lucky thong could probably help each of us perform at our best.
The Economic Morality of Pay Drivers
Formula 1 racing is often called the ‘Pinnacle of Motorsport,' where the best drivers in the world come together to race the fastest cars at twenty races around the globe to provide the ultimate experience for both the drivers and the audience. F1 is one of the world's most viewed sports, with prestigious races such as the Monaco Grand Prix yielding a TV audience of roughly 25 million annually. The cars are multi-million dollar machines capable of cornering forces approaching 5g, and top speeds often exceeding two hundred miles per hour. The cars are arguably the hardest cars in the world to drive, and require intense physical and mental training coupled with on-track experience if they are to be driven to their full potential.
Formula 1 used to be a relatively small-scale operation, with teams only consisting of a couple dozen members. As racing technology progressed, teams began to grow larger and larger in order to improve their cars and keep pace with the progression of auto racing. Developments in aerodynamics, light weight compounds, and computer technology brought us to the modern F1 team: A multi-million dollar operation with hundreds of employees and massive corporate sponsorship. Of course, the rapid advancements in technology came with an exponential increase in the cost of running a team, which is the explanation for the aforementioned corporate sponsorships. In the late 1960's and early 1970's, F1 started to become a business with the advent of on-car advertisements, and team title sponsorships (Vodafone McLaren Mercedes, for example). Companies began to sponsor teams in multiple ways, including strictly financial support, or joint-technological ventures in which companies would help F1 teams research into new technologies. Another way in which companies could put their advertisement in front of millions of TV viewers was through pay drivers. The concept behind pay drivers lies in companies backing young drivers with millions of dollars, essentially offering drivers to teams who need financial backing. The drivers are almost always rising talents in lower divisions who have a chance to race in F1. The reason companies target these drivers is so that they can put their advertisements on the car and in the name of the team, and the money brought to the racing team by the company will also help the team develop their car and be more competitive, benefitting both parties. By examining the impact of pay drivers on the quality of F1 racing and the safety of other drivers, I will show in this paper how the “purchase” of race seats in F1 is an immoral process that degrades the sport.
One of the first moral issues brought to the table is the devaluation of the experience level of a driver. Companies are not interested in backing already-established drivers in Formula 1; rising talents naturally attract more attention from fans and the media, and will help benefit the companies further. This leads to experience in F1 becoming relatively less important, even though on-track experience is critical in understanding how an F1 car works and reacts to certain inputs. A modern example of a more experienced driver being replaced with a younger driver happened at the end of the 2012 season, when the established German driver Timo Glock was replaced by the young English driver Max Chilton to drive for the Marussia F1 team. Chilton's father Grahame is a “multi-millionaire vice chairman of insurance company Aon” (BBC), and brings millions of dollars to the Marussia team annually. It was revealed that Marussia could no longer afford to hire a driver with a large salary, and needed a driver to bring money to the team. Timo Glock had “introduced sponsors to the team, but his salary was significantly greater than what they paid. Chilton owes his drive to the fact that his ‘salary' is far less than the income from the sponsors he brings with him” (BBC). In other words, Chilton accepts a small salary to compete in F1, and most of the sponsorship goes straight to the team. It is clear why this model is attractive to the teams given the extreme costs of competing in F1, but it is also a clear act of neglect toward the critical experience of older drivers. While the money brought by Chilton would help the team develop the car, would Chilton be able to handle pressure, adapt to drivers and track conditions around him, and rebound from poor results as well as a more experienced driver? This question is one of the main reasons why pay drivers are so controversial in F1; the teams value the money they receive more than the experience of established F1 drivers, which leads to a reduction in the quality of driver that we see racing.
Another moral objection here could be viewed from more of Debra Satz's perspective in that this system could be exploiting the teams because of vulnerability. Marussia have one of the lowest budgets out of any team in F1, and failed to “manage with one pay driver and one salaried [driver]” (BBC), forcing them to hire another pay driver to replace Glock and his salary that they could not afford. The team was forced to accept a lower quality driver because of the extremely high costs of running in F1. A philosopher such as Satz might view the high costs of F1 as somewhat of an exploitation of the smaller teams in F1. Whether the market for F1 race seats can be considered a “noxious market” nor not is debatable, but it is clear that because of high costs the teams are limited to drivers who have corporate sponsorship behind them, rather than a more stable driver with experience. This in turn affects the ability of the team to succeed.
Drivers have also expressed their anger over the increasing commonality of pay drivers getting seats that they arguably are not ready for. Jaime Alguersauri claimed that F1 has become “an auction” after losing his seat to a younger driver at the end of the 2011 season. His complaints reference the lack of a traditional ladder-based system where talent alone is the deciding factor in determining who gets a seat in the top tier of motorsport. Pay drivers have been around for a long time and F1 seats were never purely determined by raw talent, but the commonality of pay drivers and the increasingly frequent lack of experience of the pay drivers is a major cause for concern. I found that the description of F1 as “an auction” related to our discussions in class about Sandel, and how the purchase of a seat in F1 reduces the value of that seat. Sandel might argue that the value of the seat has been reduced because the driver bought into the seat with sponsorship money rather than earning the seat based solely on talent.
Another obvious concern in Formula 1 is the safety of the drivers. Over the past several decades, massive improvements in safety have been made. Even in the 1970's driver deaths were commonplace and accepted as part of the danger of racing in Formula 1. Since then, safety has become of utmost importance, and the last driver death in the series happened in 1994 when Ayrton Senna died after a serious crash. The lack of a single death in F1 in nearly twenty years is surely a testament to the improved safety regulations, but some concerns over pay drivers are based on the potential danger that they bring to the sport. Pastor Maldonado is a Venezuelan driver who currently drives for Williams F1. He began his F1 career in 2011 when he signed to the team, bringing a massive 30 million pounds annually to Williams. The money came from PDVSA, a Venezuelan gas company, and the deal was “approved personally by the [Venezuelan] President Hugo Chavez” (BBC). Maldonado did little to impress during his rookie year in F1, although the team was not very competitive that year. The more important factor here is that Maldonado quickly gained a reputation as one of the more “dangerous” drivers on the grid. In his first season, Maldonado retired from six races, only scoring one point. Even in the 2012 season (his second season), Maldonado picked up ten penalties, twice as many as any other driver (Keith Collantine). Penalties are normally rewarded for dangerous or overaggressive driving. As for the 30 million pounds PDVSA brings to the team annually, it seems to have very little impact on the performance of the team. The team scored a total of five points in 2011, which was one of their worst seasons on record as they took 9th place in the constructor's championship. The team improved in 2012 with 76 total points and 8th in the constructor's championship. However, with 16 of 19 races of the 2013 season already over, Williams has only one point and is almost certain to take 9th place in the standings again (Formula 1). The team does not seem to benefit hugely from the deal, and both drivers and fans of F1 racing have spoken out against Maldonado as a potentially dangerous driver. A pole done in 2012 by the Telegraph newspaper in England revealed how the audience reacted to Maldonado's driving, showing that out of 6903 people, roughly 87% of people believe that Maldonado was “a danger to other drivers.” The minimal improvements brought to the team along with the increased danger brought to other drivers show the devaluation of certain standards in F1. By choosing to race Maldonado, Williams made it clear that to an extent, they value the money over the safety of other drivers in the sport. For a sport that has already spent so much time and money trying to research ways to improve safety, having a system in which dangerous, inexperienced drivers can have race seats seems both backward and immoral.
Pay drivers have been a part of Formula 1 for a long time, and there is no denying that some of the drivers do eventually learn and improve to become competitive in the sport. However, the increased commonality of the pay drivers in the modern era of F1 is what concerns people the most. Also, many drivers and fans in F1 see some of the pay drivers as potential hazards. The fact that many modern pay drivers have almost zero on-track experience testing a Formula 1 car decreases the quality of racing, since most F1 fans agree that the sport should have the very best drivers in the world. When young drivers use massive corporate sponsorships to pay their way into a race seat, they are corrupting some of the traditional values associated with earning one's position at the top. Not only does this system allow inexperienced drivers to take the place of established drivers, but also the potential danger posed by some pay drivers highlights the immorality of purchasing racing seats. There should not be a system that allows one to spend enough money to claim a spot in F1 if they are going to put other drivers at danger.
Works Cited:
Benammar , Emily . “Poll: is Pastor Maldonado a danger to other Formula One drivers after incident with Sergio Perez at Silverstone?.” The Telegraph . N.p., 12 July 2012. Web. 22 Oct. 2013. <http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/motorsport/formulaone/bmwsauber/9385119/Poll-is-Pastor-Maldonado-a-danger-to-other-Formula-One-drivers-after-incident-with-Sergio-Perez-at-Silverstone.html>.
Benson, Andrew. “Pay as you go, go, go: F1's ‘pay drivers' explained.” BBC News. BBC, 27 Jan. 2013. Web. 21 Oct. 2013. <http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/formula1/21194933>.
“Formula 1 an auction, says driver Jaime Alguersuari.” BBC News. BBC, 18 Feb. 2013. Web. 20 Oct. 2013. <http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/formula1/214
Collantine, Keith . “Stewarding can be tough, admits Maldonado.” MotorSportsTalk. NBC, 2 Sept. 2013. Web. 22 Oct. 2013. <http://motorsportstalk.nbcsports.com/2013/09/02/stewarding-can-be-tough-admits-maldonado/>.
Rose, Gary. “Max Chilton brings ability as well as affluence to the F1 paddock.” BBC News. BBC, 27 Jan. 2013. Web. 21 Oct. 2013. <http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/formula1/20788969>.
http://www.formula1.com (Used for statistics)
Advertisements
A Florida State beat writer for the Tallahassee Democrat has resigned after she was found to have plagiarized from a freelancer's story last week. Natalie Pierre and the Democrat announced the resignation today, and both did so in ways that left some questions unanswered.
The Democrat published a very short and dry article about what happened.
Earlier this week, it came to our attention that a story in the Tallahassee Democrat and on Tallahassee.com by Florida State sports reporter Natalie Pierre appeared similar to a story written by freelance writer Tim Linafelt. After investigating further, we concluded that it was too similar to be pure coincidence, that pieces – at least — of the story were plagiarized. Pierre resigned and no longer will report on behalf of our news organization.
Pierre gave her own statement on her website. In it, she profusely apologizes but also avoids specifics about the story in question.
After more than three years covering Florida State athletics for the Tallahassee Democrat I resigned from my role on Wednesday, Oct. 1, after I was informed that words that were not my own were published in the Democrat and on Tallahassee.com with my byline. While I did not intentionally plagiarize another journalist's work, I take full responsibility for some freelance writer Tim Linafelt's words appearing in my story last week.
The plagiarism appears to have happened in a feature about defensive tackle Eddie Goldman. Linafelt wrote a story about Goldman for the Miami Herald that was published online Sept. 23. Pierre wrote a feature about Goldman that was published online the next day. Both stories have similar feels, occasionally making the same points at about the same time. Here are a few passages that probably were flagged as being too similar.
Advertisement
From Linafelt:
With the score tied at 17 and 1:40 remaining on the clock, Clemson was driving deep in FSU territory for a game-clinching score when Goldman descended on running back C.J. Davidson, felt his hand on the ball and yanked it loose. Defensive back Nate Andrews recovered the fumble to send the game to overtime. "That's one of our keys," Mitchell said. "Make sure the first guy wraps up [the ballcarrier], then the next guy to get him, you strip the ball. "Eddie was just able to take care of both of them by himself."
From Pierre:
With the score tied at 17 and just 1:40 remaining in regulation, Goldman descended on running back C.J. Davidson, felt his hand on the ball and then yanked it loose. "That's one of our keys – the first guy wraps [the ball carrier] up and then the next guy gets to him and then strips the ball out," defensive tackle Derrick Mitchell, Jr. explained. "Eddie was just able to take care of both of them by himself.
Advertisement
From Linafelt:
After a first-down incompletion in overtime, Goldman bowled through the line, wrapped up elusive quarterback Deshaun Waston, and brought him down for a four-yard sack.
From Pierre:
On a second-and-10 play in overtime, Goldman burst through the Tigers' offensive line and sacked the dynamic Deshaun Watson for a four-yard loss.
Advertisement
Pierre, who says she joined the paper three years ago, wouldn't be the first young reporter to accidentally use another's words, and so far this looks like this was her first offense. So why did Pierre resign? The Democrat article doesn't say, but Pierre's own statement alludes to separate newspaper woes factoring into her decision.
My decision to resign from the Democrat came in part because of the current climate of the newsroom. The majority of my former co-workers were all required to re-apply for their positions on Monday and Tuesday, while I was exempt from the process that will result in a number of great journalists being laid off.
So while the Gannett-owned paper started yet another round of what will likely turn into layoffs for journalists, it also was looking into the allegations of plagiarism by Pierre, who was on the short list of people who got a free pass to stay. That perhaps says everything you need to know about the Democrat.
Advertisement
Image via Getty
Chelsea has just splashed the cash to land former Barcelona forward Pedro Rodriquez ahead of Manchester United, but that isn't the only interesting story involving the Blues in Spain today. Spanish paper AS ran a story on Monaco forward Anthony Martial following Monaco's Champions League qualifier against Valencia, and had the following note about Jose Mourinho's side:
Today, Martial is one of the hottest properties in European football. Chelsea reportedly made a 55-million-euro offer for the France under-21 international. Monaco are determined to hold on to Martial this season but if the Ligue 1 side fails to qualify for the Champions League it may force a rethink at the Stade Louis II.
If accurate, wow. Martial is a fantastic prospect, but it's hard to believe that Monaco would have even considered turning down a bid of that size, especially considering that the player's contract has just one year remaining. I'd think it's a bit more likely that AS are either getting some exaggerated information from a club or player looking for a move, or simply taking liberties with the information that they have, something that wouldn't surprise me in the least.
Regardless of whether or not a bid was actually made, however, it's certainly nice to see the Blues linked to Martial. This will be one to watch going forward, even if it seems pretty unlikely to actually happen this August.
LUDWIGSHAFEN, Germany — In the 1860s an entrepreneur named Friedrich Engelhorn started a firm here to produce dyes for Europe's booming textile industry. Almost 150 years later, that company, Badische Anilin & Soda Fabrik — or BASF — is the world's largest maker of chemicals.
Despite its growth into a global company, BASF has remained an integral part of the industrial base that has helped Germany grow into Europe's largest economy. And Ludwigshafen remains the company's hometown. The BASF site, spread over four square miles along the Rhine River, resembles a small city, with 33,000 employees working in 2,000 buildings, crisscrossed by roads and railways.
Lately, though, BASF has been investing more of its money and management energy outside Germany, especially in the United States. And the company's reasons for doing that help illustrate why the German industrial economy has been losing momentum — and why Germany risks tipping back into recession.
BASF executives say that German and European Union policies toward industry, particularly when it comes to energy, are forcing big companies to look elsewhere as they seek to expand.
A toddler was dragged into a lake at Disney's Grand Floridian Resort and Spa by an alligator after dark on June 14. Orlando officials scoured the lagoon and recovered the boy's body June 15. (The Washington Post)
The family of a 2-year-old boy who died after being pulled into a lake by an alligator on a Disney World property announced Wednesday they won't sue the company.
“We will solely be focused on the future health of our family and will not be pursuing a lawsuit against Disney,” Matt and Melissa Graves said in a statement released Wednesday morning.
On June 14, the Graves, who are from suburban Omaha, were relaxing on the white-sand beach that stretches along Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa.
They were watching their young son, Lane, wade ankle-deep into the lake known by vacationers as Seven Seas Lagoon when the alligator snatched Lane and dragged him deeper into the water, officials said.
Matt Graves rushed into the water and grabbed desperately for his son, cutting his hand in an unsuccessful attempt to wrestle the boy from the alligator.
Authorities from Disney World, the Orange County Sheriff's Office and the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission deployed more than 50 officers in helicopters and boats to the lake in a desperate search for the missing toddler.
They found his body a day later. Authorities believe Lane drowned. His body was found intact, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings told reporters.
In a statement to The Washington Post, George A. Kalogridis, president of the Walt Disney World Resort said: “In the wake of this tragic accident we continue to provide ongoing support for the family, which includes honoring their request for privacy.”
The Florida resort did not have signage warning of alligators in the water at the time, though there were signs warning people not to swim in the lagoon.
Following the June 14 alligator attack that killed a 2-year-old boy at a Disney World property in Orlando, the resort posted signs warning of dangerous animals in the lagoon where the boy died. (Walt Disney World Resort via AP)
Three days after the attack, Disney spokeswoman Jacquee Wahler said “we are installing signage and temporary barriers at our resort beach locations and are working on permanent, long-term solutions at our beaches,” adding that the company will “continue to evaluate processes and procedures for our entire property.”
Trappers removed five alligators from the lake, which covers nearly 200 acres and borders the Magic Kingdom theme park. Investigators will compare bite marks to help identify whether any of the captured alligators attacked the boy, said Nick Wiley, executive director of the fish and wildlife group.
Authorities released audio of a 911 call placed after a 2-year-old boy was attacked and subsequently killed by an alligator on June 15 at Walt Disney World in Orlando. (Reuters)
Read more:
Legal experts: Did Disney do enough to warn its guests about alligators?
We saved the alligators from extinction — then moved into their territory
Save
Save
Hangzhou Big River Eastern Web, July 27, 2016
August 15 - it's already been verified: If your cell phone isn't registered with your real name, service will stop!
You've been waiting a long time for an interview opportunity to arrive
But you haven't received a call
Your kid said “dada” for the first time
But you haven't received a call
An important client has a large purchase to make and is looking for you
But you haven't received a call
Moreover, all of these missed calls are because
Your SIM card has not been verified through the name registration system
(This is obviously a shock to you)
If you received this text message recently…
Do you want to avoid repeating the tragic scenario above?
Then you should immediately go to verify your name and be registered!
According to Specifications Detailed by the “P.R.C. Anti-Terrorism Law”, the “Regulation on Phone User ID Registration” (Item 25 under the Industry and Information Technology Order), the “Laws and Regulations on Implementation of the ‘Anti-Terrorism Law' within Industry and Information Sectors”, and the “Notice on Improving User Authentic ID and Information Registration” (Item 182 under the Ministry of Industry and Information Network Security [2016]), etc., the cell phone subscriber identity information registration was enacted in order to protect the safety of the country and of the public, and to protect the legal rights of the public, increase the protection of information online and the safety of online users' information.
Name Verification Registration: Method 1
Go through the Official Hangzhou Mobile Microblog (Menubar)
Choose Self-help
Choose Register with Name Verification System
How to determine whether the name verification registration is complete?
You can send “Real Name” （实名) to 10086, go to a mobile retail outlet or dial 10086 and reach the service hotline to check verification status.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission began a special inspection Wednesday at Florida Power & Light's Turkey Point nuclear power plant to assess the failure of a safety-related electrical bus that resulted in the plant declaring an alert.
The plant is located near Homestead, Fla., about 25 miles south of Miami.
Saturday, an electrical fault occurred in a Unit 3 switchgear room, resulting in the loss of a safety related electrical bus — similar to a circuit breaker — and a reactor trip. Other safety systems functioned as required, ensuring adequate reactor cooling. There was no threat to local residents or the environment, and the alert, the second-lowest NRC emergency declaration, was terminated later that same day.
The electrical fault, which caused an arc flash, or small explosion, also damaged a nearby fire door, which may have left other safety systems vulnerable had there been a fire. A plant worker who was in the room was injured and was treated at a local hospital.
“This was an event that could have had serious safety consequences and we need to know more about what happened and why,” said NRC Region II Administrator Cathy Haney. “We felt a special inspection was warranted to gather more information and also determine if there are generic issues that may apply to other plants.”
FPL spokesman Peter Robbins said Wednesday,”This was an electrical spark that occurred on the non-nuclear side of the power plant.”
Public safety was not compromised, Robbins said.
“This inspection is an opportunity for us to share with the NRC what happened on Saturday and walk through the details, both the equipment performance and the action our operators took,” Robbins said.
The three-member special inspection team will be headed by a senior reactor inspector from the NRC's Region II office in Atlanta. The team will develop a detailed timeline of the event, review the plant response and operator actions as well as the design and operation of the fire protection features associated with the switchgear room. It will also review the plant's fire brigade and emergency preparedness response and assess FPL's actions to determine the root cause of the event.
The on-site portion of the inspection will take several days. A report documenting the results should be issued within 45 days of the completion of the inspection.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Prayers are said for a victim of Ebola in Freetown, Sierra Leone
A smooth tarmac road runs through the middle of Kigbal village in Sierra Leone. On the east side of it, perhaps 30 children stand clustered in the shade.
"We came to this side to be safe," says 14-year-old Mabinti Kamara, glancing at the mud homes across the road and a dark silhouette beneath a tree.
"A lot of people died there. They took my father away. I don't know what happened to him," she says.
I ask the children to raise their hand if they have lost their parents to Ebola.
I am afraid of her. I cannot touch her Momo Sessey, Kigbal villager
In silence, almost every child puts both hands in the air. Several of them look feverish.
Struggling local health officials now describe Kigbal as "the epicentre" of a new surge of Ebola infections in this region about 4 hours drive north of Sierra Leone's capital, Freetown.
Some 30 villagers - 10% of the population- have died in recent days.
Bodies everywhere
It is easy to see why the children have gathered on the east side of the tarmac. On the opposite side, two women and a four-year-old girl lie almost hidden in the shade.
"My head is turning," says Adamsay Kamara weakly as we walk across the road and stand a few metres away from her.
"She has Ebola. We cannot go any closer," warns Alimamy Baymaro Lamina II, the Paramount Chief of Lokomasamma - an area that includes the village.
Hours earlier, he explains, a burial team came to collect some of the bodies that were lying in the dirt outside the houses here.
"The bodies were everywhere - everyone in these houses is dead," he says.
Image copyright EPA Image caption In Freetown, Sierra Leone's capital, Ebola cases are six times higher than two months ago
A few yards away, an elderly man is standing outside his home, shouting for our attention.
"Please. Please. Cure her. Cure her," says Momo Sessey, pointing back towards his wife, Fatu Kanu, who is slumped on a wooden bench, coughing.
"I am afraid of her. I cannot touch her. Please take her to hospital," says Mr Sessey.
Then he asks for advice about how to treat his wife. We give him some protective gloves and urge him to give her water. "Hot or cold?" he asks.
Chief Lamina shakes his head and turns away in frustration.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dr Stacey Mearns talks of the "shocking" conditions on the ground as she works on the Ebola frontline in Sierra Leone
"It makes me angry. I've been calling, and calling, and not getting any help yet. I go to meetings. I ask WFP and WHO for help and they say they're coming to your rescue but nothing..." the chief's voice tails off.
The director of an orphanage in Freetown has been twice to bring food for the children, but officials trying to coordinate the aid effort in the nearby town of Port Loko privately express frustration with the slow speed of the international humanitarian effort in the area.
Seven of Kigbal's most vulnerable children - some visibly feverish - have now been taken a mile down the road by a local health worker in the hope of offering better quarantine than a few yards of tarmac.
"My head hurts," says six-year-old Alusin before walking back to sit in the shade with the other boys and girls.
Beside them, two adults - one of them coughing violently - lie on the concrete floor.
Turkey charges Reporters Without Borders press freedom representative with 'terrorist propaganda'
Posted
Turkey has stepped up its crackdown on the media, detaining and charging the local representative of international rights group Reporters Without Borders (RSF) and two intellectuals for "terrorist propaganda".
RSF representative Erol Onderoglu, journalist Ahmet Nesin and rights activist and academic Sebnem Korur Fincanci were charged for taking part in a campaign of solidarity with a pro-Kurdish newspaper in May.
"The prosecutor in our case demanded that we be charged and jailed for terrorist propaganda", in support of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), an armed Kurdish rebel group that Turkish forces are battling in the country's south-east, Mr Onderoglu told reporters.
RSF swiftly condemned the prosecution and pre-trial detention of the three, who in May had taken symbolic control of the pro-Kurdish newspaper Ozgur Gundem, which has been in the crosshairs of the Turkish authorities for years.
"This is another dark day for media freedom in Turkey," said Johann Bihr, the head of RSF's eastern Europe and central Asia desk, in a statement.
About 100 people rallied in support of the three outside the court in Istanbul where they made a brief appearance on Monday.
"We will not bow to pressure", the protesters chanted.
The international community has voiced increasing alarm about the erosion of press freedoms in Turkey under President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) said it was "appalled" by the detention of the three and called for their release.
"The authorities should drop the charges and stop using imprisonment as a way to fight differing voices," said Dunja Mijatovic, the OSCE media freedom representative, in a statement.
The arrests come despite the European Union pressuring Ankara to stop prosecuting academics and journalists and to change its terrorism laws, one of the conditions of its controversial migrant deal with Turkey that promises visa-free access for Turks, among other incentives.
AFP/ABC
Topics: journalism, law-crime-and-justice, government-and-politics, turkey
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Kirsten Elizabeth GillibrandWarren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' Dem Party chief defends initial response to Smollett incident: 'We acted on the facts as we knew at the time' MORE (D-N.Y.) has put herself in the spotlight by calling on Sen. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.) to step down and saying President Clinton should have resigned during the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
Taking on major figures in her own party has bolstered the New York Democrat's standing as a voice for change in the nation's reckoning over sexual harassment and misconduct, which is reshaping society.
But it has also won her criticism.
ADVERTISEMENT
Supporters of Clinton blasted Gillibrand as disloyal for her statements about Clinton, with some noting how the Clintons supported her over the years.
Those sympathetic to Franken suggested it was craven for her to be the first out with a statement Wednesday calling for him to resign, and suggested she was both seeking attention and building her brand on a fallen progressive hero.
Gillibrand has won headlines with her action that could be useful if she chooses to run for president in 2020 against what could be a crowded field.
Others said the moves could actually hurt her in a primary, where loyalists to Clinton and Franken will have long memories.
“All this reeks of is political opportunism and that's what defines Kirsten Gillibrand's career,” one Democratic strategist said. “Why wasn't she talking about Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was 'a loser' MORE when he was helping her during her various races for the House and Senate? And would she be talking about Bill Clinton today if Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE was president? I think we all know the answer.”
When it came to Franken, Gillibrand was “twisting in the wind until the goose was cooked and then saw an opportunity,” the strategist added.
Brent Budowsky, a longtime Democratic aide and columnist for The Hill, acknowledged that the New York senator has played a “leading role against sexual abuse … which is very positive and admired." But he said behind the scenes, “there are some Democrats who did not appreciate the way she went after Bill Clinton.”
He suggested the pressure on Franken helped Democrats gain the high ground against Republicans, but that it also won her criticism from some in the party.
Some of the criticism has been public and harsh.
Hours after she told The New York Times that the president should have resigned, Hillary Clinton's longtime communications adviser, Philippe Reines, took to Twitter to blast her.
“Ken Starr spent $70 million on a consensual blowjob. Senate voted to keep [President Clinton]. But not enough for you @SenGillibrand?” Reines tweeted. “Over 20 yrs you took the Clintons' endorsements, money and seat. Hypocrite. Interesting strategy for 2020 primaries, best of luck.”
This week, Matt Lewis, the Daily Beast columnist, called the senator “the most devious and cunning politician in America today.”
“It's a woman who took Hillary Clinton's seat, who sucked up to the Clintons for decades, and then totally turned on Bill Clinton and Hillary by the way, when the opportunity presented itself,” Lewis said on CNN. “I have no doubt that she actually does care about this issue but I think Al Franken was pretty good friends with her at one point. Now she's turned on him. She's stepping on a lot of people and maybe she might make it all the way to Pennsylvania Avenue in the process.”
Those close to Gillibrand insist she wasn't trying to make headlines on either Clinton or Franken.
They say as someone who was dealing with sexual harassment issues for years, she felt an obligation to draw a red line — even if it had to deal with one of her colleagues.
The confidants emphasize that she wasn't trying to be “judge and jury,” as one put it.
When Franken gave his speech, Gillibrand got teary-eyed and in the hours after his resignation, she felt terrible, the confidants say.
Asked about her comments, a Gillibrand adviser referred The Hill to a Facebook post written by the senator earlier this week.
In the post, Gillibrand talked about the decision she made to step forward and ask her colleague to resign from office.
“But this moment of reckoning about our friends and colleagues who have been accused of sexual misconduct is necessary, and it is painful,” she wrote in the lengthy post. “We must not lose sight that this watershed moment is bigger than one industry, any one party, or any one person.”
Some Democrats commend her for taking the lead on an issue that wasn't gaining traction in recent weeks. Democratic strategist David Wade said Gillibrand “has made herself inseparable from the national conversation” on sexual harassment.
“It certainly positions her as a generational leader for women politicians in the Democratic Party,” Wade said. “It's a gamble in the short term. If you wind up with a Republican winning Franken's Senate seat while Roy Moore ends up in the Senate, some people are going to say that she put her ambitions ahead of the interests of her caucus."
Moore is the Alabama GOP candidate for the Senate accused of predatory behavior toward a number of teenage girls.
“But the sexual harassment issue isn't going away, especially if Moore wins and Democrats force the Republican Party to wear Roy Moore like an ugly Christmas sweater,” Wade continued.
“Her voice is going to automatically be relevant in the years ahead.”
Grant Reeher, the director of the Campbell Public Affairs Institute at the Maxwell School at Syracuse University, said the criticism of Gillibrand “doesn't ring true to me.”
“If this were some calculated, inauthentic move to position herself for 2020, it's a strange tactic to take, in pursuit of her party's nomination,” Reeher said, adding that Gillibrand has been “staking out this area of expertise and interest for many years and has built much of her Senate career around it.”
“She has been a leading spokesperson in the chamber for women's issues and women's rights and it's not surprising to me at all that she would be one of the first Democrats to call out Sen. Franken and when the conversation inevitably turned to him, President Clinton,” he said.
But one Democratic strategist compared Gillibrand's recent efforts to a speech former senator Joe Lieberman (I-Conn.) delivered at the height of the Lewinsky saga condemning Bill Clinton.
“Lieberman raced to be the first to say publicly what his colleagues were all saying privately, because he saw where the political winds were blowing and he wanted to be Al Gore Albert (Al) Arnold GoreOvernight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run New climate PAC will back Inslee for president Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 MORE's running mate," the strategist said.
Gillibrand, the strategist added, “has the same hunger for advancement.”
There is no civil war in Eritrea: its people flee because their isolated homeland could pass as an African version of North Korea. Like the Kim regime in Pyongyang, President Isaias Afewerki keeps Eritrea on a permanent war-footing.
Most adults are conscripted into the army or forced to perform compulsory labour of some kind. Today, one Eritrean in every 20 serves in a bloated army with 320,000 soldiers.
Mr Isaias justifies this eternal mass mobilisation by claiming that neighbouring Ethiopia is scheming to re-conquer Eritrea. Just as the fictional state of “Oceania” was always at war in George Orwell's “1984”, so Mr Isaias presents his repression as essential to guarantee the survival of the nation against outside enemies.
That message has some resonance because of Eritrea's traumatic history. The country broke away from Ethiopia in 1993 after waging a brutal 30-year struggle for independence. The two neighbours have remained bitter rivals ever since, fighting a border war between 1998 and 2000 that claimed perhaps 70,000 lives.
Today, the armies of Ethiopia and Eritrea still confront one another across a closed and fortified frontier. Mr Isaias, who led Eritrea to independence, thunders that Ethiopia continues to occupy a few patches of the sacred national territory.
He has duly turned his country into a vast armed camp, frozen into a state of permanent antagonism with Ethiopia and much of the rest of the world.
Survivors of the Lampedusa tragedy are brought ashore (REUTERS)
Many Eritreans will do almost anything to leave. There are three principal routes by which they try to escape – and all are exceptionally dangerous. Some make contact with people smugglers and pay for passage across the Red Sea to Yemen, from where they try to slip into Saudi Arabia and reach the wealthy kingdoms of the Gulf.
Others head westwards, over the border into Sudan and then north across the Sahara into Egypt. Here, they have two options, both fraught with peril. Some turn east and try to cross the Sinai Peninsula with the aim of reaching Israel. Along the way, they run the risk of being kidnapped by Bedouin gunmen, who often try to extract ransoms by torturing their captives.
Others turn west and head over the frontier into Libya, from where they board overloaded boats of the kind that sank on Thursday. If they remain afloat, these vessels carry their huddled passengers across the Mediterranean to Sicily, the Italian mainland – or, more frequently, the island of Lampedusa where migrants are then detained.
The fact that so many thousands are willing to take these risks shows just how desperate they must be to escape from Eritrea, a supposedly peaceful country that resembles an African Sparta.
A cell is taken from an embryo which is just a few days old for testing A gene mapping test could tell parents-to-be if embryos are affected by almost any inherited disease, UK scientists have claimed. The team from London's Bridge Centre say the £1,500 test could detect any of the 15,000 inherited diseases in weeks. Current tests are either focused on a specific gene mutation, or take a lot longer to give results. But other experts warned the fertility regulator would have to ensure there were strict limits on the test's use. If you can screen for anything, where do you draw the line?
Dr Mark Hamilton, British Fertility Society At the moment, clinics can test embryos before they are implanted in a woman's womb to see if they carry a specific genetic mutation, if a family is affected by a condition such as cystic fibrosis. Another test was developed by a team at Guy's Hospital in London two years ago, which looks at genetic "fingerprint" by looking at a whole DNA of a cell. But the claims for this new technique, called karyomapping which analyses chromosomes, is that it is a universal 'one size fits all' test. Mapping patterns A single-cell is taken from an eight-day-old embryo, created using IVF. DNA samples are then taken from the parents - and their parents. Usually, another member of the family, most likely a child affected by the relevant condition, also provides a sample. All those family members' DNA is then compared, looking at 300,000 specific DNA markers, allowing scientists create a map of the family's genetics. This means they can, for example, identify if there is a block of DNA which has been passed on by the paternal grandfather to an affected child and if it is also present in the embryo - because the markers will be the same for all three. For example, the gene for cystic fibrosis lies on chromosome 7. If the paternal grandfather was a carrier, and the embryo has inherited a section of DNA at that particular position, the embryo will have the faulty gene. The same check can be carried out across all chromosomes to allow screening for multiple genes. 'Preventing suffering' Professor Alan Handyside, who has developed the test, told the BBC: "The current tests can only identify a small number of defects." "One of the main things for patients is that, quite often, there isn't a test for their particular condition. This is a single test - a universal method." He said the test could also be used, more controversially, to detect a genetic profile which showed a susceptibility to conditions such as heart disease or cancer. The test is currently being trialled at the Bridge Centre, but is being used alongside conventional pre-implantation genetic testing so doctors can check the results. Once Professor Handyside has enough data he will need to apply to the fertility regulator, the Human Fertility and Embryology Authority, for a licence to use the test. An HFEA spokeswoman said its licensing committee would be able to set conditions on what it could be used for. Dr Mark Hamilton, chairman of the British Fertility Society, said: "The effectiveness and efficiency of the procedure is quite exciting, and the fact it's quicker means it could be helpful to couples at risk of inherited diseases - and that in itself is significant. "We can currently test for several hundred conditions, but the claim is that the spectrum of conditions which could be screened for is enormous "But obviously, the ethical question is, if you can screen for anything, where do you draw the line?"
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Etsy has now a Drop Down Menu Description and you'll have to click on this to read everything.
The month of and before Halloween, Christmas, Comic Con, we get swamped with orders, so please order in advance of when you need your book. Thanks !
< < < NEW !!! > > > NOW with the TITLE on the SPINE !
BEETLEJUICE - BETELGEUSE
Handbook for the Recently Deceased, Hardback - Hardcover.
Movie Prop replica - Fan-Handmade and completely hand-covered with a special printed cloth.
. . . . ( Not just the front of the book. )
Completely 100% re-covered with new cloth.
( Not just a Dust Jacket / Book Jacket / Dust Cover. )
This is / was. . . a pre-owned / old or used hardback book that has been hand-made into this wonderful table conversation piece.
Comes with a: Beetlejuice / Betelgeuse flyer replica and an INSERT SHEET with lines/ words, used in the movie as quoted and/or read from the book . . . AND . . . . BOTH NUMBERS used in the Waiting Room and a reproduction Polaroid of the 2 ghosts !
Nice - sturdy heavy old book about 5 1/2 inches x 7 3/4 inches and over an inch thick.
The book opens, but the contents of the book are that of other literature.
The pages are NOT glued together.
Great for a Theme or Halloween Party !
. . . Or a Really Nice Gift !
Also comes with 5 FREE Beetlejuice replica BUSINESS CARDS !
(also available separately on another listing)
An adult - quality prop re-creation.
>>> THIS is NOT the Blank Book listing. Our BLANK BOOK is another listing of ours.
See our Other Listings for the Brand New BLANK BOOK- Beetlejuice Handbook.<<<
Free shipping on additional orders of: Beetlejuice Business Cards
when ordered and shipped at the same time as any book order !
Media playback is not supported on this device Controlled Hamilton wins in Bahrain
Four races into the 2015 Formula 1 season, it has been a dream start for Lewis Hamilton.
After winning the world championship in 2014, Hamilton had a solid pre-season testing programme but there was no indication of him blitzing the lap times.
He went into the season with some question marks about the transition in his private life, following his split with former girlfriend Nicole Scherzinger.
But he hit the ground running in Melbourne and everything we have seen since - including his victory in Bahrain on Sunday - is a happy, relaxed racing driver.
He seems to have developed the ability Mika Hakkinen had of being either unaware of, or unaffected by, whatever is happening in the media or the world around him, outside of driving his racing car and whatever his private passion is away from the race track.
Mika Hakkinen was the 1998 and 1999 Formula 1 world champion
There is a different aura about Hamilton this year. He seems more aware and connected than before.
I found him a bit distant for a while, almost as if you would have to reintroduce yourself; you know: "My name's David, I used to be a grand prix driver."
Now, he's reflecting on that, he'll mention it, comment on it. It's not like we lost Lewis, but he is certainly now completely comfortable with who he is, right down to his own sense of style and fashion, which Mercedes is happy to let him express.
At the same time, he is not allowing that to distance him from his past - after all, the F1 paddock is full of people he has either worked with, competed against or who have helped him along the way.
'Ferrari are a real challenge'
Ferrari's hopes of beating Hamilton and Mercedes to the championship lie in their rate of development. They have definitely finessed their package over the winter and are coming from much further back than Mercedes after a poor 2014.
The whole team has taken a step forward. And now, following Kimi Raikkonen's performance in Bahrain - where he looked a serious challenger to team-mate Sebastian Vettel for the first time, they have two drivers who can take the fight to Mercedes.
Two world champion drivers in a car that looks like it is one step away from being a Mercedes race-beater is a potent package, and one Mercedes are taking seriously.
Mercedes still look like they have an advantage in qualifying, with their extra engine modes, but Ferrari are a real challenge in the race.
Media playback is not supported on this device Rosberg loses second place to Raikkonen
Hamilton appears to be a small step ahead in the races, but it would not take much for Ferrari to challenge him.
The under-cut - making a pit stop before a rival and gaining time through the extra grip from fresh tyres - was so powerful in Bahrain that Hamilton was pretty close to losing the lead.
He is a great racer and would more than likely be able to get the lead back if he did lose track position.
But once you're having to drive the car in turbulent air you don't have the rhythm you have when you're out front, so it would not be a shoo-in that he would be able to find his way back in front again.
Just look at how Vettel was neutralised behind Valtteri Bottas's Williams in Bahrain for evidence of that.
Hamilton's team-mate Nico Rosberg, meanwhile, went into Sunday's race with a point to prove.
He needed to out-qualify Hamilton, which did not work out. But he came back from that very well and it was the strongest racing grand prix I have seen from Rosberg since he has been Hamilton's team-mate.
It was only a technical problem that cost him second place, so Rosberg gets 10 out of 10 for racing composure.
It was a strong grand prix from Nico and if he is able to unleash that sort of performance at the forthcoming races, Hamilton will have a lot of pressure on him.
Raikkonen raises his game
Raikkonen has been quick all season, but Bahrain was the first time a weekend has properly come together for him.
Raikkonen celebrates on the podium in Bahrain after finishing second
Raikkonen's racing life has gone through cycles. He appeared to lack interest in 2009, the last year of his first period at Ferrari before he went off to rallying, and last season it was almost like there was a transition going on as well.
But it looks to me as if Raikkonen has realised this is his last roll of the dice, and performances like we saw in Bahrain are enough to lengthen his career by a year.
Of course, Raikkonen has a new team-mate in Vettel, and there will always be a question about where Fernando Alonso would be in that car had he stayed at Ferrari, given how strongly he out-performed Raikkonen in 2014.
But it looks to me as if Raikkonen has upped his game this season - and, like Hamilton, he appears to be more relaxed and open.
He walks hand in hand with his partner through the paddock. He even smiles and engages with you these days, when in the past it was almost as if he would be trying all he could to avoid any eye contact or any form of communication.
Media playback is not supported on this device Second place feels good - Raikkonen
There is undoubtedly a new airiness to Ferrari, but I don't think that is necessarily down to Alonso leaving and Vettel arriving.
The new team boss, Maurizio Arrivabene, has brought a lightness and Italian-ness back to Ferrari, which was maybe not there before.
Predecessor Marco Mattiacci just seemed like he was bringing procedure in his short-lived reign. He did not get it right on any level.
Mattiacci did not connect with the paddock or the business of F1, which is the sport. You can't just work by numbers in F1 - if you could, Toyota would have dominated in the 2000s, instead of failing spectacularly.
Arrivabene, on the other hand, is getting it right.
McLaren on the up
McLaren have had a very poor start to the season by their standards, but they have lived up to their promise of steady improvement and are undoubtedly on the cusp of getting their first points of the season. And once they have, it will be a regular occurrence.
The Honda engine has been so far off the pace that McLaren have not had any sort of performance, but the signs are that it is a very tidy car.
Media playback is not supported on this device Button spins out of Bahrain first practice
I don't buy into this idea they have been selling that its shrink-wrapped packaging means it is going to be a big step forward over everything else - Alonso was sliding around quite a lot in Bahrain, so there is still movement in that car.
That might be influenced by them having to take downforce off it because they are so far down on power; we will find out in time.
But McLaren is one of a few teams in F1 who have a history of being able to develop their car well in-season - even if they have had to do it rather too often as a result of the car being poor at the start.
They may feel as if they have been given a hard time by the media, but rightly so. We have high expectations of McLaren and Honda and they have not delivered. But they will.
The paddock wants that partnership to work.
McLaren, Honda, Alonso and Jenson Button are too big a player in F1 not to have a starring role in the movie.
At the moment they are extras, but I don't see that continuing for that much longer.
David Coulthard was talking to BBC Sport's Andrew Benson
In 2010 Ukip laid out its policies in a 486-page manifesto compiled by a few delinquent party activists. Its proposals included introducing a dress code for taxi drivers, repainting trains in traditional colours, insisting on a proper dress code for theatre-goers, making the Circle line on London's tube circular again, scrapping maternity leave, investigating racism against white people at the BBC, teaching schoolchildren about the roles of Arab and African countries in promoting slavery, and reintroducing capital punishment. Four years later, Nigel Farage admitted that the manifesto had basically been a load of nonsense and that he had never read it.
Just six weeks before their new manifesto is due to be launched, Tim Aker has either quit his post as Ukip's head of policy or been sacked. Ukip insists the manifesto is still fully on track; if so, Aker is the only person who knows what is in it, and is keeping it a secret. No one else in the party apparently has a clue. With two sitting MPs and more hoped for in May, it is proving a great deal harder than expected for Ukip to come up with something credible, fully costed and which everyone can support. Douglas Carswell, Mark Reckless and Farage find it hard enough to agree on anything as it is: coming up with something that will appeal both to the neolibertarians and the former BNP members who make up its grassroots is a near impossibility.
So here's my modest proposal.
Europe
Get out of it and stay in it. All international trade deals with EU countries will continue on exactly the same terms as if we were in the EU except we won't be in it.
Immigration
The inbound section of the Channel tunnel to the UK will be closed, apart from on Sundays so that British expats can return from Spain. This will reduce net immigration levels to about 12.
Tax
Excise duty on booze and fags will be abolished. We're not sure about any of the other taxes because we don't really understand them. Sorry. But Ukip believes it is better to tell the truth about this than lie to the electorate.
Foreigners
Any foreigners who are already in the country with a UK passport can stay here providing they do all the low-paid jobs that any self-respecting True Brit wouldn't get out of bed for.
Health
The NHS will remain free at the point of access providing everyone has paid enough into a new health insurance scheme. Every patient will have the right to choose the skin colour of their doctor.
Education
Each village will have its own grammar school and matron. Universities will not be funded to teach foreign languages or any other subjects – such as philosophy, sociology, art and English – that are inherently a bit cissy and therefore not very British.
Crime
There will be a policeman permanently stationed on every street corner to ensure that a person's right to intolerance is rigorously enforced.
Defence
Martello towers along the south coast will be restored and equipped with the latest weaponry to ward off the threat of imminent invasion.
Promoting cultural awareness
All British people have to put aside their differences and remember to be a bit more British. To get the ball rolling, I have invited Robert Jaroslaw Iwaszkiewicz, the Polish Nazi who so kindly came to the party's rescue last year by enabling us to access another £1m from the EU, to give an annual lecture reminding everyone the Holocaust wasn't as bad as all that when you really think about it.
Raw milk sales bill narrowly gains traction in La. Senate
BATON ROUGE - The Louisiana Senate will debate whether the state should lift its ban on sales of unpasteurized - or "raw" - milk.
After two years of rejecting the bill, a reorganized Senate Health and Welfare Committee voted 3-2 to advance to the full Senate for consideration a proposal allowing sales of raw milk from farmers to the public.
Supporters of Sen. Eric LaFleur's proposal said people should get to decide what they drink. Sierra Majors, who has a small dairy farm, says Louisiana is one of only eight states that ban sales of unpasteurized milk.
Agriculture Commissioner Mike Strain and Louisiana's chief health officer Jimmy Guidry raised safety concerns about raw milk, because it doesn't go through the heating process designed to kill harmful bacteria.
After recently moving and expanding their Little Italy location, which now includes a tap room, Bottlecraft has finally secured the permitting to allow the bottle shop to serve beer at their North Park outpost, which has been in operation since early 2013.
The store can now open beer (and wine) bottles for on-site drinking with a corkage fee — $1.50 for bottles under 500ml and $2.50 for bottles over 500ml. Draft beer is also in the works, via four taps.
Venissimo Cheese, which moved a small satellite location into the shop last summer, is serving cheese and meat plates, sandwiches and small snacks; more food options are on the way.
About 12 to 15 seats will be available indoors, and Bottlecraft may look into being able to serve beer on the sidewalk patio.
NEW DELHI: Yoga guru Ramdev , who runs foods and cosmetics firm Patanjali that is eyeing Rs 5,000 crore turnover this fiscal, today asked entrepreneurs to keep their products affordable and provide a big push to the domestic market.Addressing a gathering of over 600 entrepreneurs here, Ramdev said India has a huge potential and they should work to promote Swadeshi products."You should be 100 per cent honest for the work which you are doing. The prices of your products should also not be high," he said at a conference by Entrepreneurs Organisation.Pointing to overpricing by Indian companies, he said: "We are not competing with any Indian companies but at the same time, I want Indian companies to check their prices. Our work is entirely based on social justice, justice to nature and service."Haridwar-based Patanjali sells over 500 products.On succession plans at Patanjali, Ramdev said: "This would not be a personal wealth of anyone. This would continue to run on the concept of charity. Last year, when it becomes debt free, then we said that no shareholder of the company would take dividend from the company."He further added: "I have trained many disciples to run it and there would be over hundred Ramdevs."Patanjali, which is expecting Rs 5,000 crore (over USD 730 million) turnover this fiscal with 150 per cent growth, is expanding its production facility to meet the demand."We are planning to have five times production capacity from the present one by the end of this year. We would start it in next six months," he said.Presently 99 per cent production is inhouse, Ramdev added.
Surprising no one, Apple's newest iPhone is its best. This doesn't mean all of its first users are having a positive experience.
First reported by 9to5Mac and corroborated by user complaints in Apple's Support forums and Twitter, early iPhone 6S users are complaining about Touch ID buttons becoming too hot to touch. The new iPhone was first released to the public on Sept. 25.
See also: This 4K BMX video was shot entirely on the iPhone 6S Plus
In a thread on Apple's Support Communities, many users describe a similar problem. When a user went to turn on his or her phone, the home screen was black and the Touch ID/Home button felt hot. The problem would go away after holding the home and lock buttons for 10 seconds, resetting the phone.
Frustrated users voiced their displeasures on Twitter as well.
My iPhone 6s shut off with 50% battery left and the home button became so hot I couldn't touch it… New feature? — Jonnie Hallman (@destroytoday) October 4, 2015
My iPhone 6s turned off and won't come back on and the TouchID is HOT to the touch… — Michael Schultz (@michaelschultz) September 29, 2015
my new iphone (6s) won't turn on after turning off unexpectedly, and won't charge. touch ID is extremely hot. genius bar is booked until mon — JAY-KWA-LIN (@gujacq) September 30, 2015
While more than a handful of users has complained about this issue, it pales in comparison to last year's infamous bendgate, where a small number of iPhone 6 models bent in the pockets of users. In other words, don't expect to see something to effect of #heatgate or #burnghazi trending on Twitter any time soon, even if it is a... hot button issue.
Apple has yet to respond to a Mashable request for comment. One user reported the issue to Apple Support and the representative said he "hadn't heard" of this issue prior.
9to5Mac also reports that users are experiencing a variety of other bugs with their new iPhones, mainly software related. With the addition of 3D touch, users are reporting that normal taps on web links won't open up Safari as normal, and others complain of poor sound quality with the iPhone 6S's internal speaker.
While the hot TouchID is somewhat alarming, the reality is that early production devices often have small issues like this. Take for example, the battery problems of the very first run of iPhone 5 and 5S models.
Apple often addresses such issues in a software update, only replacing or repairing hardware when necessary.
Rack Performance beefs up with seed investment from former Perceptive Software execs
Lenexa-based Rack Performance has raised a seed investment round that will fuel the exercise tech startup's sales and development.
Rack Performance has raised $300,000 from perceptiveEQUITY, a new early-stage investment firm that's managed by three former executives at Lenexa-based Perceptive Software, which was purchased by Lexmark International for $280 million in 2010. Lexmark recently sold the software business to Thoma Bravo, a private equity firm.
The tech startup built a web-based, weight room and group fitness platform to help coaches and trainers efficiently manage large teams while exercising. The platform's audio-visual timers help team members quickly transition between exercises, giving such information as the time to spend on an exercise, how to do it and when to change exercises.
Rack Performance CEO Matt Sellers said that his firm is working with about 400 high school and college strength coaches around the United States, mostly in the Midwest. Sellers said about 150,000 athletes are currently using the platform.
A former football coach, Sellers said the round is significant for the company's future growth.
“It gives us additional fuel to make our product even better for coaches and to spread the word further and faster,” Sellers said. “We are really excited about launching many more features on our app that will leverage coaches even more control while allowing them to focus more time on coaching their athletes.”
Founded in 2014, Rack Performance has eight full-time staff members. The company has now raised more than $550,000 in capital.
Sellers said he's enjoyed working with the perceptiveEQUITY team and is thankful for the local support.
“Working with and learning from Tim, Cary and Scott has been incredible,” Sellers said. “It is awesome to work with Kansas City guys and grow our business here.”
Launched in January of 2017, perceptiveEQUITY is led by former Perceptive Software CEO Scott Coons, former executive vice president Tim Helton and former chief marketing officer Cary DeCamp.
perceptiveEquity is a limited partner in Kansas City-based venture capital fund Firebrand Ventures and has invested in Vendorful, a Lexington, Kentucky, ed tech startup.
“We have experience as hands-on operators,” the trio's website reads. “We know what it takes to achieve notable growth – on a consistent and predictable basis – and what it takes to manage that growth. It is challenging. We bring meaningful experience, contacts and influence to portfolio companies.”
The perceptiveEquity team looks for Kansas City or Lawrence-based startups under $1 million in revenue, a cloud-based focus, a valuation under $5 million and a need for $150,000 to $350,000 in capital. Here's more on what perceptiveEquity looks for.
Facebook Comments
Rangers sacked Neil Warnock after questioning his gung-ho tactics and ability to sign the players club targeted in this month's window to stave off relegation
By Wayne Veysey | Chief correspondent Mark Hughes was overlooked for the last Premier League job that became available at Sunderland but history is unlikely to repeat itself after QPR became the second top tier club to dismiss their manager this season.
Goal.com understands that Hughes is the board's overwhelming first choice to succeed Neil Warnock after they acted upon their conviction that the 63-year-old was not the man to halt the slide towards relegation.
Gianfranco Zola, who has been out of work as a manager since being sacked by West Ham in May 2010, is also in the frame for the second London post of his coaching career.
However, it is believed to be Hughes' job to lose should he convince the Premier League club during forthcoming negotiations that he is the safe pair of hands they need to steer them out of choppy waters.
The former Wales, Manchester City and Blackburn Rovers manager has not yet been officially contacted by QPR but is expected to hold talks with the west London club soon after his advisor Kia Joorabchian arrives back from Brazil, where he has been on family business, on Monday.
With QPR owner and chairman Tony Fernandes believed to have briefly returned to Malaysia after spending the weekend in London, a meeting with Hughes - the man who took Fulham to their second highest-ever Premier League finish last season before abruptly quitting - could be scheduled for Tuesday.
QPR chief executive Philip Beard said on Sunday that the club “plan to move very quickly”, and it is understood that an appointment will be made by the club before the end of this week.
Hughes' availability, proven Premier League pedigree and experience of handling big names make him the outstanding candidate in the eyes of the board, who acted with ruthless speed after concluding that a run of six defeats and two draws in the Premier League could herald a return to the Championship.
He is said to be interested in the possibility of taking over a club where there is ownership stability and funds to spend in the transfer market.
Fernandes was busy defending his actions on Twitter tonight, explaining to supporters angered by the dismissal of the man who guided the club to promotion only eight months ago that “in 47 years of life I have never had to make such a tough decision” but the board “had to think of the future of the club”.
Tough decision | Warnock's dismissal was a painful one for owner Tony Fernandes
It is believed there were doubts at the top of the club about Warnock's ability to attract the players Rangers want, despite the signings of Joey Barton, Shaun Wright-Phillips, Anton Ferdinand and Armand Traore late in the August window in the immediate aftermath of Fernandes' takeover.
Warnock had bids for Blackburn Rovers' Christopher Samba and Fulham's Andy Johnson rejected last week, while moves for Nedum Onuoha, James Collins and Bobby Zamora have also received a lukewarm response over the past few weeks.
Coincidence or not, Samba and Johnson both had some success playing under Hughes at Blackburn and Fulham respectively.
There was also some disquiet about Warnock's tactics, with some within the club expressing their view that the Yorkshireman was too gung-ho and unable to shut up shop and sit on a lead. Rangers, who are 17th in the table and only a point above the relegation zone, have conceded 35 goals in 20 Premier Leagues games this season.
Fernandes and his fellow directors feared that Rangers had begun a descent into the Championship and acted quickly to give the new man time to bring in players in the remaining days of the window.
Beard explained that time was not on the club's side and they want to give the new manager as many of the 23 days left in January as possible to recruit new players.
“What I will say is we're going to move as quickly as we can and we hope to make an appointment very soon,” he said.
“Time is against everybody and we're already in the second week of January. I think the reality is there are some funds there but we've got to make the right purchases.
“It is a tricky month to try and make things happen but our appetite is to bring one or two players in if we can to strengthen the squad and the new manager will be part of that as soon as we can identify him and spend time looking at some of our targets.”
Follow Wayne Veysey on
The Lies American Jihadists Tell Themselves
Just three days before Nicholas Teausant tried to leave the United States — allegedly bound for Syria, where the 20-year-old American planned to join one of the world's most feared jihadist groups — he took time to speak with local media about a minor controversy unfolding on a community college campus in Stockton, California.
A man had been showing up on the campus of San Joaquin Delta College in a military uniform, even though he apparently had never served. Real soldiers were outraged, and Teausant, a National Guard reservist, was among them. "Until you've gone in through basic training, had a drill sergeant yelling at you, doing pushups," he told Stockton's News10, "until you've put blood, sweat, tears, missed your family, missed your girlfriend … until you've done that, you have no business to be wearing that uniform."
It's a vivid statement. But there was just one problem: Teausant, who was arrested this week near the Canadian border as he began his journey, never went through basic training. The criminal complaint filed against him, on the charge of attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization, notes that as of last December the National Guard was in the process of releasing Teausant because "he did not meet the minimum qualifications to continue." The complaint states that his "training was minimal," and, in particular, notes that due to Teausant's "lack of required academic credits, he never attended basic training."
A quick look at Teausant's Twitter feed — a blend of Islam-related musings, auto–generated tweets about his progress in the Android game The Tribez, and Seattle Seahawks fandom — makes it clear that he didn't attend. He seemed to be looking forward to it: On New Year's Eve in 2012, Teausant tweeted that he would "leave for basic training in 5 days." Four days later, he directed a tweet toward the National Guard, saying: "I'm leaveing to Fort Jackson,SC jan 7th,2013 I'm so excited to serve!!"
Alas, something apparently went awry in the interim. In the days when Teausant had been scheduled for training, he was instead tweeting about watching football, listening to Tim McGraw's "Truck Yeah," and attending Freemason meetings.
In short, Teausant was a fabulist. This rite of passage that was so central to his identity as a soldier — about which he could expound on at length and with such a sense of righteousness — was one he had never gone through.
Teausant is not alone among young Westerners who have joined the jihadist movement in generously sprinkling elements of the less-than-factual into their self-image. The first "homegrown" jihadist whom most Westerners learned about was John Walker Lindh, a young man who traveled to Afghanistan to join the Taliban prior to the 9/11 attacks. Lindh, before his turn toward radical Islam, used to post regularly on hip-hop message boards in the adopted persona of a racially-conscious black hip-hop artist (Lindh is white, from the wealthy northern California region of Marin County). Daniel Boyd, arrested for his role in a terror plot in North Carolina, told rather elaborate stories about fighting against Soviet forces in Afghanistan — though he didn't actually arrive in South Asia until after the Soviet Union had already withdrawn. Isa Abdullah Ali — a figure so interesting that a movie has been made about his jihadist career – periodically claimed to be a Vietnam War veteran. In fact, he had been assigned to South Korea — as a cook.
Why are there so many fibbers among the ranks of these converts? Several studies point to the possibility that identity crises — which can shake up belief systems and leave once-stable individuals feeling unmoored — may make people particularly vulnerable to extremist ideas. An identity crisis can be of the kind that might first prompt a jihadist-to-be to first try on several personas for size before settling on that of radical Islamist. As the NYPD's study Radicalization in the West puts it, sometimes an "individual is looking for an identity and a cause," and "finds them in extremist Islam."
Indeed, for those lost souls without a strong sense of self, there are few identities as all-encompassing as that of Salafi radical, with its emphasis on complying with voluminous and often obscure rules. Teausant, for example, seemed to relish these tenets, explaining on his blog why he considers celebrating Valentine's Day and dating to be prohibited by Islamic law. On Facebook, he pondered the perceived religious obligation to eat with one's right hand: "So if we eat and drink with our right hand should we not push the button on a drinking fountain with our right also?"
Lindh was similarly thorough in his obedience to the minutia of a literal interpretation of Islamic law. Journalist Mark Kukis wrote that after his conversion to Islam, when he was studying Arabic in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa, other students saw his behavior as that of "a walking caricature of a Muslim, someone who strutted every Islamic stereotype."
But before his turn to Islam, Lindh tried a very different identity on for size — that of the hip-hop artist. He used to post regularly on hip-hop message boards, initially claiming to be "A Famous MC Who Shall Remain Anonymous Due to Dickriders."
We can all, of course, appreciate the occasional need for anonymity due to the prospect of dickriders. However, what stands out most from a survey of Lindh's online activities was how the young man made constant reference to being African-American and hating sellouts who compromised their blackness.
One particularly thorough article published in the East Bay Express more than 10 years ago notes a 228-line rap Lindh posted in June 1995, when Lindh was 14. The online version of Lindh took potshots at groups that would have included the real-life John Walker Lindh: "Too $hort is wacker than Marin County Caucasians" was one ironic example; he also dissed Dr. Dre, calling the famed rapper "a disgrace selling out to the talcum" — that is, to whites. "He'll be left dead and naked in the outcome," Lindh continued. "Word to brother Malcolm."
Later, Lindh excoriated lyrics posted by one J-Dogg, accusing him of not actually being black. Lindh, at the time a 14-year-old white kid, wrote, "When I read those rhymes of yours I got the idea you were some thirteen-year-old white kid playing smart. That whole rhyme was saying essentially that all black people should just stop being black and that'd solve all our problems. Our blackness does not make white people hate us; it is THEIR racism that causes the hate."
The Western jihadist is often seen as a frightening figure — the ultimate wolf in the henhouse. But focusing on the histories of these men as fabulists — as liars, phonies, and frauds — helps demystify individuals like Teausant and Lindh and expose some of their sheer ridiculousness. Writing in the Atlantic in 2010, Daniel Byman and Christine Fair made the case for calling terrorists nitwits, revealing "the gap between sinister stereotype and ridiculous reality." There is merit to their argument.
Nitwits can be dangerous too, but Teausant's fabrication of his persona, even as he prepared to leave for Syria to embrace his new, violent identity, is both sad and somewhat hilarious. It should also give other potential extremist recruits pause, as they contemplate that the man who'd portrayed himself as a ferocious warrior is, in reality, a buffoon.
Years ago, I became friends with a male coworker. We were both “creatives” in a corporate environment, and we were equally unhappy with our jobs. My solution was to work harder in hopes of being promoted. His was to show up for and leave work whenever he wanted and to wait longer to reply to emails to give the impression that he was busier than he actually was.
I was tempted to imitate his behavior, but didn't, partly because I thought it was wrong and partly because I suspected I wouldn't get away with it. He was promoted within a year and a half; it took me nearly four years to advance to the level he attained in that time. Back then I was baffled. But it all started to make sense when I came across a recent study suggesting that certain men in high-paying corporate jobs advance further than women — and more candid men — by misleading their employers about how many hours they are working. What I gleaned from this study — that men can much more easily get away with this type of behavior than women — was both familiar and infuriating.
A number of successful men interviewed for this study worked the 40-50-hour workweeks they preferred while leading their employers to believe they were putting in 60-80 hours per week. Men who attempted to balance their work, pleasure, and family obligations more openly by applying for a formal reduction in work hours or requesting access to the same types of accommodations routinely offered to women employees, were, according to the study's author, business professor Erin Reid, “treated very differently from the men who managed to pass [as employees who work long hours]: they were marginalized and penalized” and passed over for promotions.
These men were penalized “in the same ways that women who reveal work-family conflict have long been,” Reid writes.
Men who ask for time off or reduce their work hours, especially to spend time with family, face a social and professional stigma women do not. Women who take time off may not be treated as social pariahs, but they are punished professionally in the long run. And women who simply take the time they need without seeking formal accommodation are seen as less committed to their work.
The double standard plays out in different ways. According to an unpublished study by Mallika Thomas, who holds a doctorate from Cornell University, women are 5 percent more likely to remain employed but 8 percent less likely to get promotions than they were before the Family and Medical Leave Act became law. And, as Claire Cain Miller stated in a recent New York Times piece, family-friendly policies “can end up discouraging employers from hiring women in the first place, because they fear women will leave for long periods or use expensive benefits.” (Never mind that becoming a mother could actually make a woman a better employee.)
Two of Reid's most salient conclusions are these: It's tempting simply to pretend you're working longer hours than you are, since that's what companies seem to value, and doing so “is certainly less costly” than being open and honest with your boss. Yet this is a strategy that serves men far better than women, who are typically under greater scrutiny at work and are assumed to be fulfilling child-care obligations when they leave the office early. Men who leave the office early are assumed to be on their way to a client meeting or other work-related event.
It's time for a reality check. The kind that you may not want to hear.
Earlier today, I was reading a women's fitness blog. You know, the kind where beautifully lean and perfectly-fit-even-though-I've-birthed-10-kids (exaggeration, but you get the point) women share their workouts and recipes with the world wide web. Don't get me wrong. I LOOOOoove those blogs. They inspire me to work harder and eat better.
But then, sometimes I just have to be honest with myself and with all of you.
I'm not perfect. And, sadly, I don't eat kale and quinoa every day (as much as I love kale and quinoa). I don't even eat fresh vegetables every single day (even though I really do try). Sometimes, when I wake up in the morning, all I want is this:
Yup. I'm trying to be okay with the fact that I can still appreciate the person God made me to be and love life while still having a treat every once in awhile (okay, a little more often than that). (And yes, I'm working on being a little more temperate too.)
From the moment I first saw the idea of a cinnamon roll pancake on Pinterest from Recipe Girl, I've been smitten. And then, I probably took about a year or two just to figure out that I could make it vegan. And then, I just never got around to trying.
Until now.
Silly me. I still can't believe I've been missing out on light, fluffy, spiced, sweet, creamy cinnamon roll pancakes until now.
Go ahead. Take a bite.
In the middle of this photoshoot, I couldn't just stare at breakfast anymore and took a stab at my background stack.
A few moments later, when my mind caught up with my mouth, I'd already eaten half of it.
Woops.
Guess I won't be starting a fitness blog anytime soon.
And just in case you're like me and need a little encouragement to keep yourself from eating cinnamon roll pancakes for every meal, here's a little food for your thoughts from my favorite Book.
“Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain. And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown; but we an incorruptible. I therefore so run, not as uncertainly; so fight I, not as one that beateth the air: But I keep under my body, and bring it into subjection: lest that by any means, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway.” 1 Corinthians 9: 24-27 (King James Version)
Cinnamon Filling for Cinnamon Roll Pancakes Print recipe Ingredients 1/4 cup vegan margarine, slightly softened (I used Earth Balance.)
5 tablespoons brown sugar
3/4 tablespoons cinnamon (or cardamom/coriander, if that's your preference)
1 tablespoon unbleached all-purpose flour Directions Step 1 Place all ingredients in a zip-loc sandwich bag and seal closed. Knead ingredients together with your hands until there are no big lumps or chunks of anything. Step 2 Place bag in your refrigerator for at least 10 minutes to allow mixture to firm up a bit. The consistency should be similar to that of toothpaste. Step 3 When you are ready to draw swirls in your pancakes, cut a 1/3-inch wide hole in one of the bottom corners of your sandwich bag.
HONG KONG, March 13 (Reuters) - A former executive of China's Hanlong Mining Investment Pty Ltd, wanted in Australia for alleged insider trading, is seeking asylum in Hong Kong, a court heard on Thursday, a process that could delay his extradition by several years.
Hui Xiao, also known as Steven Xiao, is wanted in relation to 104 offences linked to Hanlong's 2011 takeover bids for Australia's Sundance Resources Ltd and Bannerman Resources Ltd.
During an insider trading investigation in Australia, Xiao was permitted to leave the country for a short visit back to China in November 2011 but did not return. He was arrested in Hong Kong in January.
In February, Xiao applied to authorities to be granted asylum in Hong Kong, according to his lawyer Robert Tibbo, who said it could take five years or more for his case to be resolved.
That means that even if the court rules to have Xiao extradited to Australia, he cannot be removed from Hong Kong until the outcome of the asylum application, Tibbo added.
Xiao was refused bail again at Thursday's hearing but will make another bail request on March 24. His defence team will also apply on that day to have the extradition case adjourned until the asylum application goes through.
Hanlong is the biggest shareholder of Africa-focused Sundance. A proposed A$1.4 billion ($1.26 billion) takeover of Sundance by Hanlong was called off last April after Hanlong missed funding deadlines.
Uranium explorer Bannerman ended talks on a A$143 million ($128.29 million) offer from Hanlong in late 2011 because of similar funding issues.
Another former Hanlong executive, Bo Shi Zhu, also known as Calvin Zhu, was sentenced in 2013 to jail in Australia for two years and three months, having pleaded guilty to three counts of insider trading between 2006 and 2011.
Zhu and Xiao, who stood down from their roles at Hanlong when the insider trading probe began in September 2011, were among several company executives the Australian Securities and Investments Commission investigated.
Separately, former Hanlong chairman Liu Han has been charged in China with crimes including gun-running and murder, in one of the country's highest-profile cases against a private businessman since Xi Jinping became president last year vowing to battle corruption.
MOSCOW, 19 September 2016 - The 18 September State Duma elections in the Russian Federation were transparently administered by the Central Election Commission, but challenges to democratic commitments remain. The legal framework can serve as an adequate basis for elections, but the electoral environment was negatively affected by restrictions to fundamental freedoms and political rights, firmly controlled media and a tightening grip on civil society, the international observers concluded in a preliminary statement released today.
The liberalization of the party registration process has yet to result in distinct political alternatives, and the campaign was low-key. Local authorities did not always treat contestants equally, and instances of misuse of administrative resources were noted, the statement says. Election day generally proceeded in an orderly manner, but numerous procedural irregularities were noted during counting. The Central Election Commission (CEC) reacted to the reported irregularities, including ballot box stuffing and carousel voting, and announced preliminary voter turnout at 48 per cent.
“The improved transparency and trust we have seen in the election administration are important steps, yet legal restrictions on basic rights continue to be a problem,” said Ilkka Kanerva, Special Co-ordinator and leader of the short-term OSCE observer mission. “If Russia is to live up to its democratic commitments, greater space is needed for debate and civic engagement.”
The CEC, under new leadership, worked in a transparent and professional manner, earning widespread confidence among stakeholders. A number of lower-level commissions lacked impartiality and independence, and their performance was criticized, including by the CEC itself. There was general confidence in the accuracy of voter registration, the observers said.
Since the 2011 State Duma elections, the electoral system has been modified from proportional to mixed, the threshold parties must pass to win seats in the parliament was lowered, and candidates were allowed to run as independents, the statement says. The legal framework is overly complex and micro-regulates the process, including through unnecessary restrictions on candidate registration, the formation of party blocs, campaigning, the media and citizen observation.
“Ella Pamfilova's leadership at the Central Election Commission has given election stakeholders confidence that the elections can be well run, yet the low-key campaign shows an overall lack of engagement,” said Marietta Tidei, Head of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly delegation. “I hope that we will soon see more political alternatives engaging the public in proper debate.”
The number of political parties increased considerably after the 2011 elections, when the party-registration process was liberalized, but some opposition initiatives were not registered. While 14 parties ran countrywide and more than 6,500 candidates were registered, the inclusiveness of the candidate registration process was diminished by limitations on the right to stand and excessive registration requirements, particularly for independent candidates.
The campaign was low-key overall, with the ruling party generally being the most visible. Patriotism was a notable feature of the campaign discourse. The major topics of the campaign were the socio-economic situation, political stability and foreign policy issues. The four parliamentary parties continued to dominate the political landscape, but did not offer clear political alternatives, which limited voters' choice, the observers said.
In a number of regions, administrative resources were misused for campaign purposes, and the procedure for providing notification ahead of campaign events was selectively applied by local authorities to effectively deny or place conditions on granting contestants permission to hold rallies. There were also attempts by local state structures to influence voter choice and to pressure them into voting for the governing party, the statement says. The CEC publicly highlighted reports of such violations in nearly half of the federal subjects.
“Election day was orderly overall, but the long-term observation showed that challenges to democratic commitments remain, especially with regard to the media, candidate registration and legal framework,” said Ambassador Jan Petersen, Head of the OSCE/ODIHR long-term election observation mission. “In our final report we will address specific shortcomings and I hope that the authorities take serious steps to improve the electoral process.”
The free airtime programming provided voters with access to views of contesting parties and offered some interactive discussions. However, the OSCE/ODIHR election observation mission's media monitoring results showed that contestants did not receive equitable media coverage, with the ruling party getting more editorial coverage than other contestants. The vast majority of editorial coverage on national channels – 70 to 90 percent – was dedicated to the president and governmental officials. Coupled with legal restrictions on campaigning in the media and self-censorship encouraged by the restrictive legal and regulatory framework, this gave undue advantage to the ruling party and limited voters' ability to make a fully informed choice.
The CEC received 1,896 ‘applications' concerning alleged violations of electoral legislation, and reviewed 12 complaints in collegial and transparent sessions and in observance of due process guarantees. All other complaints were considered by individual commission members in a process lacking transparency. Most complaints lodged with lower level commissions and district courts related to candidate registration, campaign activities and media-related issues. In most of the cases observed by the OSCE/ODIHR observers, the adjudication of complaints was in line with the required procedures and established deadlines.
OSCE/ODIHR and OSCE Parliamentary Assembly observers could observe without restrictions. Amendments from April 2016 introduced unduly restrictive accreditation rules for party and media representatives, and the legislation still does not provide for non-party citizen observation.
For further information contact:
Andreas Baker, OSCE PA, +7 915 366 70 23 or +45 60 10 81 26, andreas@oscepa.dk
Alexander Shlyk, OSCE/ODIHR, +7 916 623 09 75 or +48 695 909v 903, alexander.shlyk@odihr.pl
HILLSBOROUGH - Mayor Frank Delcore said Thursday night that the blaze at Veterans Industrial Park is contained to two buildings as firefighters enter their seventh hour tackling the five-alarm fire.
"Say a prayer for the firefighters," Delcore posted on his Facebook page. "They are in for a long night."
Delcore said firefighters will continue working through the night to keep the fire from spreading. They are facing bitterly cold temperatures as New Jersey faces its coldest night this winter. He said the state Department of Environmental Protection and federal Environmental Protection Agency are both monitoring the air quality.
Hillsborough Township Fire Marshal Christopher Weniger told News 12 that as of 10 p.m. firefighters hope to have the blaze under control soon. He reported to them that the fire started in a warehouse containing plastic pellets. The property, owned by the Federal government, is leased to a private company that leases it on to various businesses.
While many residents have contacted the mayor offering food and coffee donations to the firefighters, Delcore said none are needed at this time thanks to assistance from The Salvation Army, which has brought in supplies to those at the scene.
Hundreds of firefighters from across the region have been helping to battle the massive fire, which broke out shortly before 3 p.m. and quickly grew to five alarms.
In order to battle the blaze, pumper trucks have been hooked up to nearby hydrants, filling a convoy of tanker trucks and fire engines with water that is then dumped into reservoirs that feed the water to ladder trucks where firefighters tackle the flames from above.
One firefighter estimated that at least 100 different pieces of firefighting equipment has been brought in the battle the blaze.
As darkness fell the concern also turned to the freezing temperatures. Salt spreaders were being called in to keep the water - gushing from the hydrant and splashing around the fire scene - from freezing on the ground.
There have been no official reports of injuries, nor has there been any information on the cause of the blaze or how much damage the fire has caused.
At around 6:45 p.m., a firefighter for the Hillsborough Volunteer Fire Co. #1 said it was "an enormous fire" in which "all kinds of (stuff) is burning," though he wouldn't specify the contents causing the huge, billowing flames and smoke.
The fire is at a complex made up of four large, multi-tenant warehouses and four smaller warehouse buildings, previous reports said. The Somerset County Emergency Services complex, including the Somerset County Police Academy, is located close by.
Fire photos, video shared on social media
Nearby, at the Allied Oil Co., on Old Camplain Road, a driver for the company was looking on from a distance, as the blaze in the backdrop roared, shooting up embers into the night sky as a battalion of firefighters toiled to get the fire under control.
There was strong, noxious smell in the air that was nauseating.
Franklin Township issued an advisory to residents about the heavy smoke and loud noises that it said were "best described as explosions," previous reports said.
Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent. Find the Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Buy Photo Knox Hamilton (Photo: Special to Juice)Buy Photo
For the last few years, Ankeny Unplugged has been a weekly concert series at Wagner Park, put on by the Ankeny Jaycees. A rainy 2014 prompted the group to consolidate into a one-day show in 2015, on August 8.
Here's the lineup of acts:
Knox Hamilton
The Pines
Gloom Balloon
MAIDS
TWINS
James Biehn
The Host Country
Monday Mourners
Abbie and the Sawyers
The show will run from noon-9 p.m. and will also feature an art and food festival. Early bird tickets are $12 through Tikly, which gets you admission to an after-party at Firetrucker Brewery, two drink tickets (one at the festival, one at Firetrucker) and two for one drinks from noon-1 p.m.
Tickets will be $15 after July 11.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1LT49vZ
What makes highly creative people different from the rest of us? In the 1960s, psychologist and creativity researcher Frank X. Barron set about finding out. Barron conducted a series of experiments on some of his generation's most renowned thinkers in an attempt to isolate the unique spark of creative genius.
In a historic study, Barron invited a group of high-profile creators—including writers Truman Capote, William Carlos Williams, and Frank O'Connor, along with leading architects, scientists, entrepreneurs, and mathematicians—to spend several days living in a former frat house on the University of California at Berkeley campus. The participants spent time getting to know one another, being observed by researchers, and completing evaluations of their lives, work, and personalities, including tests that aimed to look for signs of mental illness and indicators of creative thinking.
Barron found that, contrary to conventional thought at the time, intelligence had only a modest role in creative thinking. IQ alone could not explain the creative spark.
The creative genius is “occasionally crazier and yet adamantly saner than the average person.”
Instead, the study showed that creativity is informed by a whole host of intellectual, emotional, motivational and moral characteristics. The common traits that people across all creative fields seemed to have in common were an openness to one's inner life; a preference for complexity and ambiguity; an unusually high tolerance for disorder and disarray; the ability to extract order from chaos; independence; unconventionality; and a willingness to take risks.
Describing this hodgepodge of traits, Barron wrote that the creative genius was “both more primitive and more cultured, more destructive and more constructive, occasionally crazier and yet adamantly saner, than the average person.”
This new way of thinking about creative genius gave rise to some fascinating—and perplexing—contradictions. In a subsequent study of creative writers, Barron and Donald MacKinnon found that the average writer was in the top 15% of the general population on all measures of psychopathology. But strangely enough, they also found that creative writers scored extremely high on all measures of psychological health.
Creative-minded people seemed to find an unusual synthesis between healthy and “pathological” behaviors.
Why? Well, it seemed that creative people were more introspective. This led to increased self-awareness, including a greater familiarity with the darker and more uncomfortable parts of themselves. It may be because they engage with the full spectrum of life—both the dark and the light—that writers score high on some of the characteristics that our society tends to associate with mental illness. Conversely, this same propensity can lead them to become more grounded and self-aware. In openly and boldly confronting themselves and the world, creative-minded people seemed to find an unusual synthesis between healthy and “pathological” behaviors.
Such contradictions may be precisely what gives some people an intense inner drive to create. As psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi said after more than 30 years of observing creative people: “If I had to express in one word what makes their personalities different from others, it's complexity. They show tendencies of thought and action that in most people are segregated. They contain contradictory extremes; instead of being an ‘individual,' each of them is a ‘multitude.'”
Today, most psychologists agree that creativity is multifaceted in nature. And even on a neurological level, creativity is messy.
Contrary to the “right-brain” myth, creativity doesn't just involve a single brain region or even a single side of the brain.
Contrary to the “right-brain” myth, creativity doesn't just involve a single brain region or even a single side of the brain. Instead, the creative process draws on the whole brain. It's a dynamic interplay of many different brain regions, emotions, and our unconscious and conscious processing systems.
The brain's default mode network, or as we like to call it, the “imagination network,” is particularly important for creativity. The default mode network, first identified by neurologist Marcus Raichle in 2001, engages many regions on the medial (inside) surface of the brain in the frontal, parietal and temporal lobes.
We spend as much as half our mental lives using this network. It appears to be most active when we're engaged in what researchers call “self-generated cognition”: daydreaming, ruminating, or otherwise letting our minds wander.
Creative people are able to juggle contradictory modes of thought—cognitive and emotional, deliberate and spontaneous.
The functions of the imagination network form the core of human experience. Its three main components are personal meaning-making, mental simulation, and perspective taking. This allows us to construct meaning from our experiences, remember the past, think about the future, imagine other people's perspectives and alternative scenarios, understand stories, and reflect on mental and emotional states—both our own and those of others. The imaginative and social processes associated with this brain network are also critical to developing compassion, as well as the ability to understand ourselves and construct a linear sense of self.
But the imagination network doesn't work alone. It engages in an intricate dance with the brain's executive network, which is responsible for controlling our attention and working memory. The executive network helps us focus our imagination, blocking out external distractions and allowing us to tune in to our inner experience.
The creative brain is particularly good at flexibly activating and deactivating these brain networks, which in most people are at odds with each other. In doing so, they are able to juggle seemingly contradictory modes of thought—cognitive and emotional, deliberate and spontaneous. This allows them to draw on a wide range of strengths, characteristics and thinking styles in their work.
Perhaps this is why creative people are so difficult to pin down. In both their creative processes and their brain processes, they bring seemingly contradictory elements together in unusual and unexpected ways.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
Image caption Christchurch Gate, which acts as the cathedral's entrance, is particularly vulnerable to erosion
Canterbury Cathedral has said it may have to close to visitors after it missed out on £10m of lottery funding.
Two thirds of the building is in urgent need of repair including the Christchurch Gate, which is the main entrance for tourists.
Andrew Edwards, from the Canterbury Cathedral Trust, said if a piece of stone fell from the gate the cathedral would be "closed for business".
The cathedral plans to resubmit its bid in 2014.
Mr Edwards said the money would go towards a five-year conservation project.
He said: "The funding is absolutely critical - 68% of the entire project cost was going on major restoration work that was identified by our architects as being urgent and essential.
"We're in a position here where Christchurch Gate, if a piece of stone falls we're closed for business."
The cathedral is looking to international sources to raise money.
Quitting Facebook made me a happier, more productive individual
Kix Panganiban Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 24, 2016
I made a Facebook account back in 2009 for a reason that, in retrospect, is really laughable: I wanted to play Pet Society. Back then, the hip site to be for teens my age was Friendster, and aside from “decorating” our profiles with bling CSS styles and setting up a Red Jumpsuit Apparatus background song, there really wasn't much to do. See, at the time, there was no real concept of social networks. Friendster didn't have a “wall” or “timeline”, and didn't have chat functionality. Instead, we turned to other services — Multiply and Yahoo Messenger at the time — for those features.
Over the years Facebook has become a big part of my daily routine. First thing I'd do after breakfast each morning would be to check my account for notifications and messages. On breaks (and sometimes even work hours!) I'd idly scroll through my news feed, blissfully unaware that I'm actually wasting hours looking at memes and cat photos. And before I go to bed each night, I'd make sure to check my notifications and messages again just to make sure I don't miss out on anything.
But recently, idle scrolling and before-bed browsing became detrimental to my well-being. With all the events happening around the world and in the Philippines, clashing points of view of vocal and often insensitive, bigoted people have become too stressful for me to look at, especially when these insensitive bigots are people I consider friends. I'd find myself angry, ears red and nostrils fuming, over a comment a friend of mine made on another friend's post. I'd find myself getting so worked up about the caption a person I know put on an article they shared. For days, I've been finding myself angry and hateful — often as I get home late in the evening, after braving Manila's hellish traffic and badly polluted thoroughfares — and so a few days ago I just realized that enough is enough. I wrote a post informing my friends of my hiatus with Facebook, telling them to go reach me through SMS or Twitter instead (I keep my Twitter feed relatively leaner — my following list is made up only of people I really know, or devs I like reading updates from), logged out from Facebook web, and uninstalled the Facebook and Messenger apps from my phone.
About four days in, I'm finding myself more productive at work and much happier overall. Here are some of the things I learned:
I don't need Facebook. Contrary to what a lot of people told me, I actually don't need Facebook to stay updated about my real friends. People that actually matter found alternative means to keep me updated, and there are plenty of other messaging apps that don't make me want to tear my hair out. Plus, the news outlets and personalities I follow-on Facebook have other accounts somewhere else anyway.
Contrary to what a lot of people told me, I actually don't need Facebook to stay updated about my real friends. People that actually matter found alternative means to keep me updated, and there are plenty of other messaging apps that don't make me want to tear my hair out. Plus, the news outlets and personalities I follow-on Facebook have other accounts somewhere else anyway. I spent so much time on Facebook that I didn't really notice. About a week before I decided to quit Facebook, I installed a Chrome extension called Ultidash. One of its features is a site tracker, which as the name implies, tracks the time you spend looking at sites. To my surprise, I spent around 47% of my total tracked time on Facebook, and only about 30% on work-related sites like Github or StackOverflow. The remainder were categorized as “others”, which are probably random sites I found through Hacker News. This means that I spent a lot of time idle-scrolling through Facebook at work than actually looking at sites that I need. In my defense, the total time I spend on sites doesn't really speak much about the time I spend at work, since I'm on VSCode or the terminal most of the time, but you get the picture.
About a week before I decided to quit Facebook, I installed a Chrome extension called Ultidash. One of its features is a site tracker, which as the name implies, tracks the time you spend looking at sites. To my surprise, I spent around 47% of my total tracked time on Facebook, and only about 30% on work-related sites like Github or StackOverflow. The remainder were categorized as “others”, which are probably random sites I found through Hacker News. This means that I spent a lot of time idle-scrolling through Facebook at work than actually looking at sites that I need. In my defense, the total time I spend on sites doesn't really speak much about the time I spend at work, since I'm on VSCode or the terminal most of the time, but you get the picture. You'd feel a lot better if you just stopped giving a f*ck. Really. Part of what stressed me out about Facebook was that I cared too much about what people were saying. “Nooooo! That's wrong!” I'd often think while reading what a random person wrote. As soon as I stopped paying too much attention to what people were saying (sometimes, about me), I found that I now have more time to focus on things that actually matter.
Really. Part of what stressed me out about Facebook was that I cared too much about what people were saying. “Nooooo! That's wrong!” I'd often think while reading what a random person wrote. As soon as I stopped paying too much attention to what people were saying (sometimes, about me), I found that I now have more time to focus on things that actually matter. Most importantly: Facebook is an addiction. Like a stick of cigarette, Facebook's benefits are far outweighed by its adverse effects. Sure, I get to know more about more people and more stuff, but only a few people and only a little stuff really matter. As soon as I got rid of the idea that I need Facebook, I found myself finding alternatives to the functionalities it offered. My routine became leaner and more focused, only using apps and sites purely for the functionality that I need from them, and now, I no longer find myself scrolling through the news feed when all I really wanted to do was find that photo from 2011.
If, like me, you're finding yourself stressed and distracted by Facebook, maybe it's also time for you to let it go.
Hi- I teach 1st graders in the Mississippi Delta and my kids can tell you that “Yes means!” and “No means no!” oh and “Stop means stop!” My kids really get what consent means.
This seems to be hard concepts for many adults to understand so I thought, hey there is no better way to start my teaching journey online than by sharing something valuable to all!
My 1st graders came into the classroom touching everyone. Kids were constantly playing with each others braids, or shirts or ear lobes (kids are strange creatures…) or patting someones arm. This is all normal behavior for children of this age, so when I first started teaching I just ignored it. None of my kids seems necessarily upset by it and honestly we had some other classroom management issues to address (i.e. HITTING!).
Well, a week into this I heard one girl say “stop touching my hair” and the little boy kept swinging her little braid back and forth. None of this seemed vindictive, he was spaced out and when she pushed his hand away he stopped. But what an eye opener that way, consent needs to be TAUGHT to children y'all and we have pretty much failed to do so.
Right then and there I stopped my lesson, reading can wait, and we talked about consent as a class. We talked about how our bodies belong to us and only us, no one has a right to touch our bodies until we give them permission.* I wanted to be realistic and not just stop the touching, I wanted my children to learn a valuable lesson of asking permission, waiting for a response and learning what to do with that response. And also the fact that I do not control my students bodies, if they are okay with a friend touching their braid, or back or ear lobe, that is not up to me.
If we want to play with someones braid or touch their ear (for some reason…) we have to ask them by saying “Jayla, may I please touch your braid?” and then we wait for them to answer us.
If someone says yes, we may only do the action until they tell us to stop. Stop means we must stop immediately. “STOP MEANS STOP.” If the friend we ask says no, we say “Okay, I respect your choice.” We do not try to convince our friend to change their mind, we do not touch our friend anyway, we say to ourselves, “NO MEANS NO.”
Every day after this little meeting we chanted in the mornings “No means… NO!”, “Yes means… YES!” and “Stop means… STOP!”
The kids got this quickly and pretty pain free! A week later one of my girls was sitting at his seat and one of my more sensory kids was touching her arm, she looked at the girl in the eyes and said “You did not ask me permission. You may NOT touch me without permission. Ms. Smith says my body belongs to me!” and by God if the other girl did not pull away and say “Dez. I am sorry for touching you without asking first, will you forgive me?“**
And then about a week later when we were lining up one of the little boys asked a little girl if he could fix her braid, she said yes, and then almost immediately changed her mind and said “stop,” he had his little fingers caught in her hair and tried to pull away gently but she was not pleased and yelled “STOP MEANS STOP DARIAN!”
*Yes, we later talked about all the crazy scenarios only a 6 year old can come up with where someone would need to touch you. “Ms. Smith! What if I am in an accident and bleeding and can't tell the police to help me!” or “What if someone has a poisonous spider on their arm?” You know that kinda stuff. ;)
**We have had another serious conversation about how to form a proper apology.
All names changed for privacy.
Every attempt to manage academia makes it worse March 17, 2017
I've been on Twitter since April 2011 — nearly six years. A few weeks ago, for the first time, something I tweeted broke the thousand-retweets barrier. And I am really unhappy about it. For two reasons.
First, it's not my own content — it's a screen-shot of Table 1 from Edwards and Roy (2017):
And second, it's so darned depressing.
The problem is a well-known one, and indeed one we have discussed here before: as soon as you try to measure how well people are doing, they will switch to optimising for whatever you're measuring, rather than putting their best efforts into actually doing good work.
In fact, this phenomenon is so very well known and understood that it's been given at least three different names by different people:
Goodhart's Law is most succinct: “When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure.”
is most succinct: “When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure.” Campbell's Law is the most explicit: “The more any quantitative social indicator is used for social decision-making, the more subject it will be to corruption pressures and the more apt it will be to distort and corrupt the social processes it is intended to monitor.”
is the most explicit: “The more any quantitative social indicator is used for social decision-making, the more subject it will be to corruption pressures and the more apt it will be to distort and corrupt the social processes it is intended to monitor.” The Cobra Effect refers to the way that measures taken to improve a situation can directly make it worse.
As I say, this is well known. There's even a term for it in social theory: reflexivity. And yet we persist in doing idiot things that can only possibly have this result:
Assessing school-teachers on the improvement their kids show in tests between the start and end of the year (which obviously results in their doing all they can depress the start-of-year tests).
Assessing researchers by the number of their papers (which can only result in slicing into minimal publishable units).
Assessing them — heaven help us — on the impact factors of the journals their papers appear in (which feeds the brand-name fetish that is crippling scholarly communication).
Assessing researchers on whether their experiments are “successful”, i.e. whether they find statistically significant results (which inevitably results in p-hacking and HARKing).
What's the solution, then?
I've been reading the excellent blog of economist Tim Harford, for a while. That arose from reading his even more excellent book The Undercover Economist (Harford 2007), which gave me a crash-course in the basics of how economies work, how markets help, how they can go wrong, and much more. I really can't say enough good things about this book: it's one of those that I feel everyone should read, because the issues are so important and pervasive, and Harford's explanations are so clear.
In a recent post, Why central bankers shouldn't have skin in the game, he makes this point:
The basic principle for any incentive scheme is this: can you measure everything that matters? If you can't, then high-powered financial incentives will simply produce short-sightedness, narrow-mindedness or outright fraud. If a job is complex, multifaceted and involves subtle trade-offs, the best approach is to hire good people, pay them the going rate and tell them to do the job to the best of their ability.
I think that last part is pretty much how academia used to be run a few decades ago. Now I don't want to get all misty-eyed and rose-tinted and nostalgic — especially since I wasn't even involved in academia back then, and don't know from experience what it was like. But could it be … could it possibly be … that the best way to get good research and publications out of scholars is to hire good people, pay them the going rate and tell them to do the job to the best of their ability?
[Read on to Why do we manage academia so badly?]
References
Bonus
Here is a nicely formatted full-page version of the Edwards and Roy table, for you to print out and stick on all the walls of your university. My thanks to David Roberts for preparing it.
Advertisements
Hey everyone! In this series of tutorials, I will be explaining to you about Texas Instrument's c2000 Piccolo line of microcontrollers. The first tutorial is an introduction to the board itself, the pins, power supply and a bit about the architecture of the c2000 chip.
Texas Instrument's markets the c2000 Piccolo Launchpad, as a DSP, or a digital signal processor instead of a microcontroller. A DSP is used more than filters or as measurement devices for audio and video signals. This means that it has to be faster and more versatile than standard microcontrollers like Arduino's. And the Piccolo delivers! The board has 12 PWM channels that can provide high-resolution signals and maintain it for long durations. It also has 40 pins that can be individually programmed along with buttons and an on-chip temperature sensor and LEDs. All this and many more features makes the Piccolo a versatile and robust controller for almost any application.
Note: For this and the subsequent tutorials, I will be using the c2000 Piccolo Launchpad LAUNCHXL-F28027.
The Board
Power – The device can be powered either from a computer through the USB connection, or power can be given using the jumpers J1, J2 and J3. To allow for JTAG isolation, jumper J1 must be given 3.3V, jumper J2 is ground and Jumper J3 is 5V.
USB – The F28027 has a USB mini-B type adapter built in. The adapter can be used to power the board, program it and send serial data to your computer while developing or debugging your code. To do this, the USB connection goes to an onboard UART adapter. This connection is enabled only when the switch S4 is in the up position.
Switch S4 – If someone wishes to connect a booster pack or an LED screen to the board, then there will be a contention between the UART adapter on the board and the booster packs which use serial communication. To solve this issue, when the switch S4 is kept in the down position, the USB gets disconnected from the UART and is directly connected to booster packs that are connected to the board. To put it simply, when developing, if you are connecting the board to your laptop, make sure that the switch S4 is up, and if you are interfacing some other device, make sure that it is down.
Boot Selection Switch – The board has an onboard ROM from which you can select different ways to boot up your device. The three switches on S1 are used to configure this. When switch 3 is in down position, then the debugger does not work.
Buttons – There are two buttons present on the board. One button (GPIO12) can be programmed to perform functions. The other button is a CPU reset button that can be used to reset the board.
Pins –
There are 40 pins on the board. Among those, the pins on J1, J2 and J6 are the GPIO pins that can be used for sending and receiving digital signals. The pins on J5 are the ADC pins. Among the J5 pins, the pin 1 gives a +5V output and pin 2 is ground. The GPIO pins can give both Input and Output as digital signals. A high signal will drive the pin up to a voltage of 3.3 V. The ADCIN pins, on the other hand, can take analog Inputs. There are also three other pins from which you can get an output voltage of +3.3V and two grounds. A more detailed description of the pins can be found in the table.
Chip – The TMS320f28027 is the heart of the board. It is a 32-bit CPU with a three clock speeds of 60MHz, 50MHz and 40MHz. It requires a power supply of 3.3V and has 22 individually programmable GPIO pins. The chip also has an onboard temperature sensor. The architecture of the board is shown below.
The next tutorial will be about how to start developing on the board and use the onboard temperature sensor to measure the room temperature.
That's all folks!
TEHRAN (IQNA) – A conference on studies featuring the uprising of Imam Hussein (AS) will be held in the holy city of Najaf, Iraq, in November.
Organized by the Astan (custodianship) of Imam Ali (AS) holy shrine, the event will focus on the role of Hazrat Zeynab (SA) in spreading the message of Imam Hussein (AS) uprising, the website of the Astan reported.
Status of Hazrat Zeynab (SA), role of Hazrat Zeynab (SA) in promoting spirituality among those attending the Karbala uprising, and sermons of Hazrat Zeynab (SA) are among the topics to be discussed at the conference, which will be held for women.
It is aimed at promoting the values of Imam Hussein (AS) uprising spread by Hazrat Zeynab (SA) after the Battle of Karbala.
After the Battle of Karbala in 680 A.D., in which Imam Hussein (AS) and his faithful companions were martyred by Yazid, Hazrat Zeynab, the ground daughter of Prophet Muhammad (PUBH) and sister of Imam Hussein (AS), played a great role in keeping the message of the Imam's uprising alive.
http://iqna.ir/fa/news/3536016
The search for evidence into the disappearance of five-year-old Calgary boy Nathan O'Brien and his grandparents now involves more sophisticated technology — a specialized helicopter normally used in the oilfields.
It has been three weeks since Nathan, and Kathy and Alvin Liknes were found to be missing from the Parkhill home where they were last seen, and intense searches for the family are still underway.
Calgary police say they suspect the three have been killed and have laid two charges of first-degree murder, related to the grandparents, and one charge of second-degree murder.
Aerial data collected from the helicopter can detect any sort of ground disturbance at a very high resolution. (Vieworx)
"To think that someone could do that is just … there are a lot of motivating factors and obviously the family is first and foremost. We want them found," said Greg Head, whose brother owns Vieworx, a specialized aerial referencing company with equipment that produces high-resolution still photos and 360-degree imagery
Head is a family friend of the O'Briens, and says he and his brother are determined to do all they can to help the family find out what happened to their loved ones.
Vieworx, based out of Grande Prairie, Alta., collects data from the ground by way of a helicopter using cutting-edge technology.
It can see beyond crops and trees, and detect any sort of ground disturbance at a very high resolution — the type of evidence that most interests police.
High-resolution view from above
The helicopter is normally used in the oilfields but over the weekend, Head, his brother and other company specialists spent hours flying over the Airdrie acreage that has been the subject of a massive police search over the past two weeks.
They covered a radius of nearly 10 kilometres and the data they collected is being reviewed by police.
"It's like Google Earth, but like shooting Google Earth right now at a very high resolution," said Head. "It's a way to help police look back through where they searched and if there's anything interesting, zoom right in."
The National Research Council also had a plane flying over the same areas.
Police said the two technologies are complementary, and while it's too early to tell if the flights will produce results in the search, Head says he is determined to keep supporting the O'Briens in whatever way he and his brother can.
"We want to find them and bring them back to their families," he said. "That's what I want more than anything."
To get a better sense of how Vieworx's technology works, click on the video below
“Listen; You know I'm a good beer, I know I'm a good beer, we don't have to talk about it! Let's chat about something else…” -Shock Top
Last week, my friend Steven and I visited Maumee Bay for an evening of drinks on their out-door terrace space. Steven is not a big drinker by any means, and is just starting to get into craft beer, albeit slowly and carefully. He asked for my thoughts on Blue Moon, saying that it was the only craft beer he usually sees at bars and restaurants. Now, full disclosure, I enjoy Blue Moon. I think it tastes great, but I am fully aware that most would not consider Blue Moon to be Craft Beer (To the annoyance and displeasure of Blue Moon brewers)Steve and I began discussing the difference between Craft Beer and “Crafty” Beer made by the big-boys, disguised as craft. Not so surprisingly, our conversation included brands such as Magic Hat and coincidentally, Shock Top
This morning, I was linked to an awesome article by the BeerandWhiskeyBros.com website detailing the new ad campaign for Shock Top “Brewing Company”. I had to watch the videos for myself, and all I can really say upon doing so is “wow”. To me, it comes off as a hyper-pathetic attempt to discredit craft beers, craft breweries, and really discredit beer drinkers who enjoy discussing the beer they are drinking!
The lead-character in the Shock Top videos is their mascot Wedgehead. A super-cool orange slice with a killer pair of shades. Wedgehead is a jack-of-all-trades; he is a total bro that any self-respecting, beer drinking guy would like to hang with, he is a total ladies-man, talking mad game to the single ladies at the bar at which he resides, and the ultimate beer salesman. He is cocky, witty, charming and offensive. I won't lie, I found some of the ads to be entertaining, but by the end of the video, where Wedgehead gives the new slogan; “You know I'm a good beer, I know I'm a good beer, We don't have to talk about it, let's chat about something else”. I felt that it was just a little desperate on the part of Shock Top.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPQ33qivtJk#t=16
Their tagline, their commercials, EVERYTHING about Shock Top in my opinion, is pretty indicative of big-beer's new marketing strategy against the rising-tide of craft beers and breweries; discredit, poke fun at, make snobs of craft beer drinkers and craft breweries who spend too much time talking about the beer, and not enough time drinking it. (I do plenty of both, however). At one point, Wedgehead says “I was trying to talk to my buddies, but (the surrounding six-packs) won't talk to me; they have corks, dipped in candle wax….pick me up, let's party”. I know that craft beer drinkers, and sometimes even I can be a bit snobbish, but isn't that a little part of the magic of craft beer?
One of my biggest issues with Shock Top's new ad campaign is who is in their commercials. Shock Top does a nice job of including pretty much every walk of life in the ad, but the inclusion of the bearded male and the obviously tattooed girl with bedazzled nipple shirt makes it obvious that these were not random acts caught on tape, but staged events that play to stereotypes of craft beer drinkers. Maybe I'm a little too sensitive or looking too far into the campaign, but it just rubs me the wrong way, and reeks of Shock Top trying to convince consumers they are truly craft beer.
One of my fiance's biggest pet-peeves is when I spend an hour carefully perusing the shelves of my local bottle shop, looking for the perfect selection. This stupid citrus slice makes a humorous quip to a perspective buyer saying “You're not solving world peace, you're picking a beer, relax!” Trust me, I know that beer is not all that serious, but it just seems to me another attempt to discredit those who do appreciate beer.
Some people will argue that Wedgehead is highlighting a very real and valid point; craft beer drinkers DO take themselves and beer-drinking too seriously, and that perhaps we should all lighten up. Truthfully, if we did a blind taste-test of other Belgian Whits compared to Shock Top, and somehow Shock Top were to win, what would that mean for craft beer? Is it then okay to classify Shock Top as craft beer?
What do you think about Shock Top's new ad campaign? Do you find it humorous? Do you find it annoying and somewhat offensive? Is it a clear attempt by the big-guys of beer at trying to discredit beer drinkers and pass off their beer as the “every-man's” craft brew? Let us know in the comments below, or chime in over on our Facebook and Twitter feeds! You can find all of the Shock Top youtube videos below.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJElukyK6zU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOL-XuWq0jM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7c4QsfRzKmE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPQ33qivtJk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC-KFlziMWU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_241naVSIIA
Share. You'll be playing it soon. Very soon. You'll be playing it soon. Very soon.
Excited to play The Walking Dead: 400 Days, the transitional episode between The Walking Dead: The Game's first and second seasons? Then you're in luck.
Exit Theatre Mode
Today, IGN can confirm that 400 Days will launch this week. Specific dates for various platforms are below.
Tuesday, July 2nd – PlayStation Network (North America)
Wednesday, July 3rd – PC/Mac (Steam, Telltale Games Store)
Friday, July 5th – Xbox Live (Worldwide)
Wednesday, July 10th – PlayStation Network (Europe)
Thursday, July 11th – iOS (Worldwide)
Keep an eye out for our The Walking Dead: 400 Days review, coming very, very soon.
Colin Moriarty is IGN's Senior Editor. You can follow him on Twitter and IGN and learn just how sad the life of a New York Islanders and New York Jets fan can be.
A tornado turned heads northwest of Calgary Friday afternoon when it touched down briefly before dissipating.
Alberta's second twister of the year hit the ground 16 kilometres south of Cremona at about 4:45 p.m., Environment Canada said.
A dust cloud was seen at the base of the funnel, but there were no reports of damage, according to the national weather agency.
The thunderstorm later dissipated, with no further tornadoes expected.
The province's first tornado of 2014 touched down two weeks earlier northwest Gleichen.
Environment Canada said at the time that the storm system was considered a landspout tornado, which generally don't cause significant damage but can be strong enough to knock down trees and damage roofs, and even toss debris short distances.
No damage had been reported as a result of the tornado that hit the ground on Friday the 13th.
The PlayStation Network will go back up soon – but not that soon, according to Sony spokesman Nick Caplin. Sony simultaneously raised and dashed hopes with Saturday's announcement that they had "begun the process of restoring service," which millions of fans have been waiting for – but then added that really, they are simply continuing their internal and external tests of the new system.
Testing is vital to the ongoing security of the network, of course, but it's cold comfort to the gamers who just want to play.
The PlayStation Network has been down since late April, when hackers compromised the network and stole identifying information from all of PlayStation and Qriosity's 77 million users as well as credit card or banking information from 24,400 users.
After publicly announcing on May 1 that the PlayStation Network would be back up within the week, security experts discovered that the attack had penetrated Sony Online Entertainment servers more deeply than they had first realized. That prompted further tests, and more delays.
Some evidence implicated the hacker group Anonymous, Sony Chairman Kazuo Hirai told a congressional subcommittee this week. Anonymous, best known for attacking websites in support of WikiLeaks' Julian Assange, has vigorously denied any responsibility.
Internet chat boards frequented by hackers suggest that Sony could receive another attack Sunday, May 8, which would further delay the return of the popular gaming service.
"Our utmost priorities are the security of the network and ensuring your data is safe. We won't restore the services until we can test the system's strength in these respects," said the statement on PlayStation's blog. "We know many of you are wanting to play games online, chat with your friends and enjoy all of the services PlayStation Network and Qriocity services have to offer, and trust me when I say we're doing everything we can to make it happen."
After weeks without service and a constantly retreating deadline for bringing the network back online, PlayStation risks losing not only its players' "trust" but their business, as gamers look elsewhere.
To appease customers angered by the delay, PlayStation has promised that all customers will get a free month of PlayStation Plus, as well as free new games and new online security protection. They've also hinted that new services, including the long-awaited cross-game chat and video chat, could appear when the network comes back online – whenever that is.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Eagles of Death Metal, speaking to Vice.com: 'They killed people in our dressing room'
Eagles of Death Metal, the US rock band whose fans were targeted in the Paris attacks, have spoken about the tragedy that saw 89 people killed at their gig.
All of the band were safe following the attack, but members of the crew and friends were among the victims.
Frontman Jesse Hughes told Vice people who hid in their dressing room had all been killed "except for a kid who was hiding under my leather jacket".
A total of 130 were killed during the Paris terror attacks on 13 November.
In a preview from the forthcoming Vice.com interview, Hughes said: "Several people hid in our dressing room and the killers were able to get in and killed every one of them, except for a kid who was hiding under my leather jacket.
"People were playing dead and they were so scared - a great reason so many were killed was because so many people wouldn't leave their friends. So many people put themselves in front of people."
Among the victims were their merchandise manager, 36-year-old Briton Nick Alexander, and colleagues from their record label - Thomas Ayad, Marie Mosser, and Manu Perez.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Nick Alexander was selling band merchandise when he was killed during the attacks
Following the attacks, the band issued a statement, saying: "Although bonded in grief with the victims, the fans, the families, the citizens of Paris, and all those affected by terrorism, we are proud to stand together, with our new family, now united by a common goal of love and compassion."
Eagles of Death Metal have put all their concerts on hold, and have pulled a documentary due to screen at the International Documentary Film Festival in Amsterdam.
Screenings have been cancelled of The Redemption Of The Devil, which follows Jesse Hughes in the build-up to the release of their new album, because of concerns the timing was inappropriate.
“When you are right you cannot be too radical.” This was the true, profound view of Martin Luther King Jr. But the problem is how to know when you're right, especially when you're young and malleable. In recent years, we in Canada have too often seen what happens when the young and malleable get it wrong. Who would've thought there would ever come a time in this country when the proverbial boy next door could end up a radicalized militant, headed for “jihad” overseas?
Aaron Yoon, one of the three young men from London, Ontario, thought to have gone to Algeria for jihad, was described as a nice boy by high school peers, writes Ahmed Sahi. ( THE CANADIAN PRESS )
What made Damian Clairmont turn against his Canadian values toward radicalized militancy? What about Mohamed Hersi, the 28 year old living here since he was four, convicted of attempting to travel overseas for terrorist activities? The common factor in these cases tends to be age and impressionability. Unstable youth, discontented with society and looking for a larger purpose — these are the natural prey for cunning ideological recruiters. And this is the recipe for radicalization. There are two reasons we see this more and more at home among Muslims. The first is that recruiters are becoming ever more adept at exploiting vulnerable youth, and the second is the lack of a widespread, compelling counternarrative, one that effectively communicates to young Muslims what the religion is truly about.
Article Continued Below
Manipulative recruiters understand that young men who are drawn to Islam are often searching for answers and, in that search, can be sold a perverse and distorted form of the religion. Very often, people who become radicalized are good people who were just vulnerable and got manipulated. Aaron Yoon, for example, one of the three young men from London, Ontario, thought to have gone to Algeria for jihad, was described as a nice boy by high school peers. When he became Muslim, his family was actually pleased with what, at first, they saw as a pleasant change for the better. In a modern, multicultural, multi-faith society, we know better than to consider Islam a monolithic force for evil. In fact, Islam has countless good qualities that endear it to people looking for God and spirituality. The same is true of Christianity, Judaism, Sikhism and every major religion. That's why so many people enter these faiths every year. They provide a means for spiritual uplift. Thus, Muslim converts — and devout Muslim youth — are often tempted to become more and more religious in their search for inner peace. And it's during this process that they become vulnerable to recruiters' talk of a glorified, romanticized, violent jihad that, while wholly alien to Islam, appeals to these wide-eyed, impressionable youth who long for a greater cause. But if these young Muslims only knew what a false picture of “jihad” recruiters portray, we could nip radicalization in the bud. Muslims in the west must make it known within their communities, especially among the youth, that what these radicals teach is not jihad. Not as the Qur'and teaches it; not as the Prophet lived it.
In reality, jihad means an ultimate struggle within oneself to purify the mind and soul and thereby elevate oneself to a higher spiritual status; the refinement of morals through good deeds, prayer and service to mankind. As the Prophet himself remarked, “the greatest of those who carry out jihad is he who strives against himself most.” As an Ahmadi Muslim who has worked with many Muslim youths for years, I can tell you that to stem the growing tide of radicalization, it is critical that we imbue Muslim youth with the correct concept of jihad, and with a spirit of serving mankind.
Article Continued Below
As Ali, the fourth Caliph of Islam, said: “Surely the heart of the youth is like the uncultivated ground — it will accept whatever you throw upon it.” Ahmed Sahi is a GTA-based journalist. He also serves as chairman and chief editor of Muslim Writers of Canada, the largest Muslim writers guild in the country.
Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. Content can be viewed at actual source page: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv5QyJU2HAk&feature=youtu.be Video by Nicholas Mcvicker
Hoping to tap into the desire for the perfect board, Shaper Studios is the first San Diego business designed to help people make their own surfboards.
 Joe Ditler has surfed Coronado's beach break for decades. His board of choice runs long. He held up one of his regulars: a long, blue fiberglass board.
"I have a nice little edge on my tail, I like that. And there's no concave. Under here," Ditler said as he pointed to the nose of the board. "But I've got a good wide nose which will support me, nose riding."
Over the years he's honed a vision of his perfect board. Ditler's favorites hang in his carport, including a 1965 Hobie.
"The bottom line is I want to be able to get as many waves as I can, good waves," Ditler said. "And I want my equipment to be a part of me."
Ditler knows the surfboard shaping industry grew out of Southern California garages and spare rooms. He's even done triage on his own collection of boards at home, but it has been years since he's tried to make one.
Surfboard shaping largely has been the domain of professionals, but not anymore. Shaping now is being taught at a North Park business, Shaping Studio. On a recent afternoon instructor Mike Emery showed Dave Lanham how to file down the styrofoam form.
"Basically we just need to turn the board over," Emery said as he pointed to the board's edges. A couple of quick strokes with a file preceded a few words of encouragement.
"Do the same kind of thing," he said patiently.
Shaper Studio is the brainchild of co-founders Derrik Kapalla and Chris Clark. They turned this 2,700 square foot building into a surfing workshop. The facility has several shaping bays and an area to put fiberglass on the boards. This process gives the foam a hard outer shell.
Making a board is almost a rite of passage for surfers.
"They want to scratch that itch, if you will, of having their hand in the different things that they do," Clark said. "There are not a lot of sports where there's a tradition and history of doing an art form behind the equipment you are using."
Clark said the company currently is shaping about 30 boards a month, but said there's room to double the volume. And he said the North Park location means they are not in a neighborhood saturated with surfing shops.
"The surrounding neighborhoods are really a creative environment for what we do. And this allows us to set out business apart," Clark said.
If Shaper Studios floats economically, Clark hopes to expand to five studios in different cities over the next five years.
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
LITTLE COTTONWOOD CANYON — The body of a missing 21-year-old hiker was found at the bottom of a 100-foot cliff Wednesday.
Marie Caseiro, from New Jersey, was attending Utah State University and apparently slipped, according to Unified Police Lt. Lex Bell.
Caseiro, described by police as an experienced hiker, told friends she was going hiking after work Tuesday and where she was going, Bell said. When she didn't return home after dark, her boyfriend called police. Her car was found parked at the Albion Grill near Alta Ski Resort.
Caseiro's body was found on resort property close to Cecret Lake and the Sugarloaf ski lift, Bell said. The area where officials believe she slipped was still wet from snow runoff, he said.
A helicopter was used to search the areas around Cecret Lake and above Alta Wednesday and locate her body, Bell said.
DPS helicopter just landed pic.twitter.com/8IjNBi69zl — Mary Richards (@kslmrichards) June 22, 2016
×
Photos
In a relatively recently discovered class of materials, known as spin-orbit Mott insulators, theorists have predicted the emergence of new properties at points just beyond the insulating state, when electronic manipulation can transform these compounds into conducting metals.
A better understanding of electrons near this transition, theorists have predicted, could allow these new Mott insulators to pave the way to discoveries in superconductivity, new topological phases of matter, and new forms of unusual magnetism.
What scientists have lacked is experimental evidence that reveals the microscopic mechanisms that actually drive one of these spin-orbit Mott insulators to become a metal.
Now a team of physicists at Boston College report in Nature Communications that they manipulated a compound of strontium, iridium and oxygen -- Sr3Ir207 -- with a substitution of ruthenium metal ions, successfully driving the material into the metallic regime, and mapping this previously uncharted transformation as it took place, giving scientists a unique view into the workings of these insulators.
Spin-orbit Mott insulators are so named because of their complex electronic properties. Within these novel materials, there is a repulsive interaction between electrons that tends to drive the electrons to a stand still. This tendency is bolstered by the lowering of the electron's energy via a strong interaction between the electron's magnetic field and its orbital motion around the nucleus.
This delicate interplay between repulsive action, known as Coulomb interaction, and the coupling between electrons' spin and orbital motion has allowed scientists to define this class of materials as spin-orbit Mott insulators.
Boston College Assistant Professor of Physics Stephen D. Wilson said the team succeeded in driving the insulator-to-metal transformation by replacing 40 percent of the iridium ions with ruthenium, thereby creating a metal alloy. That event introduced charge carriers, which have proven successful in destabilizing the so-called Mott phase in the transformation of compounds in this class of insulators.
Scanning tunneling microscopy revealed ruthenium effectively created features within the compound that resembled minute metallic puddles, said Wilson, one of the lead researchers on the project. As the amount of additional ruthenium was increased, the puddles began to "percolate," coalescing to form a metal across which charges freely flow, he added.
"The addition of ruthenium introduces charge carriers, but at a low ratio of ruthenium to iridium they simply stay put in these little metallic puddles, which are symptoms of strong correlated electrons," Wilson said. "These electrons are stable and wouldn't move much. But when we stepped up the disruption by increasing the amount of ruthenium, the puddles moved together and achieved a metallic state."
The behavior in this particular compound parallels what researchers have seen in Mott insulators that play host to such phenomenon as high temperature superconductivity, said Wilson, who will discuss his research at the upcoming annual meeting of the American Physical Society.
By pinpointing exactly where this transformation takes place, the team's findings should help to lay the groundwork in the scientific search for new electronic phases within spin-orbit Mott insulators, said Wilson, who co-authored the report with his Boston College Department of Physics colleagues Professor Vidya Madhavan, Professor Ziqiang Wang, and Assoc. Prof. Fr. Cyril P. Opeil, SJ.
Donald Trump said Tuesday that he will “absolutely” commit to three presidential debates with Hillary Clinton, but he suggested that he'd try to renegotiate the terms first.
“I will absolutely do three debates,” Trump said in a phone interview with Time. “I want to debate very badly. But I have to see the conditions.”
He went on to imply that he may try to change the terms of the debates.
“I renegotiated the debates in the primaries, remember? They were making a fortune on them and they had us in for three and a half hours and I said that's ridiculous,” Trump said.
During the Republican primaries, Trump planned to skip two debates, although the second debate he planned to skip was ultimately canceled.
Trump said he also reserved the right to object to the Commission on Presidential Debates' choice of moderators, telling Time that “certain moderators would be unacceptable, absolutely.”
A commission official told Time that while certain “fine points” could be negotiated, the format as announced was non-negotiable.
Trump previously objected to the debate schedule, saying that it was rigged by the Democrats because two of the debates were scheduled to occur during NFL games.
On Monday, Hillary Clinton's campaign chair, John Podesta, said that she plans to participate in all three presidential debates and challenged Trump to “show up” and do the same.
TAMPA, Fla. – Sarah Geren says she owes her life to Hillsborough County Sheriff's Deputy John Kotfila, Jr.
Geren says she was driving home from work early Saturday morning when she saw a car heading straight for her.
Officials told WFLA that 31-year-old Erik McBeth was driving westbound in the eastbound lanes of the Leroy Selmon Expressway.
“I started to pull over to the side of the road, but that hadn't even occurred all the way when the officer rushed around me. One or two seconds after he passed me, he hit the car, instead of me,” she said.
Tragically, Deputy John Robert Kotfila, Jr. died in the crash.
“This man put himself in front of us as a human shield. Absolutely, he definitely saw what was going on. When I take a step back and look at the way everything occurred, he absolutely was a human shield for us,” Geren said.
McBeth also died in the crash.
Here at Woy, our slogan is “Haiti through our voices.” However today, we thought we might change it up a bit. Here are a few anecdotes and observations by some of the missionaries and adventurers who felt called to don their capes and come save Haiti and Haitians, brought to you by the Facebook page “You know you're in Haiti when…”
A few jokes about the recent carnival tragedy.
….?
Begging… nature or nurture?
Ah yes, looting and rioting for plastic bags. 2 likes for you.
Ah, and my favorite: “If they had any intelligence at all, which we all know they don't…”
Maybe life in Haiti is so hard that it's necessary to have a page where you can vent. Maybe you're just too sensitive. Maybe.
Update: (3/25/15) this article was shared on the group page. After much discussion, no apology or explanation was offered for the offensive statements found in this post, quite the opposite. The group's reaction was instead to make it a private group, and to block people who voiced their offense at the messages found in the group. This way, they can continue to be insensitive in private. “I'm trying to keep this page fun,” the group administrator wrote. Once again, the realization that things found on this page hurt Haitians was never addressed.
The following is a response from one of the group's most active members to our post: “…there are a great many in Haiti who think that Haiti would be fine without any outsiders at all and are pressing that issue especially with the press. Take all of the outsiders out of this place and it would be nothing but a gang war within a couple of weeks. Want to pick on a group, look into the Haitian Diapora. They, for the most part, are First World educated, many with higher degrees. Where do they want to live and what do they want to do? Anything but live and work in Haiti when they are the most capable people of all to ever make this place work…”
I would like to point out to Mr. Crowley that nobody at Woy Magazine has ever called for all outsiders to leave Haiti. I have known many foreigners in Haiti throughout my life that I have a lot of respect for. However, foreigners who feel confident to type “take all of the outsiders out of this place and it would be nothing but a gang war within a couple of weeks”? Well, I don't have you in the same category as the expats that I hold in high esteem. And I would argue, it is such attitudes and condescension that Haitians and the Haitian press would like to see leave.
Share this: Twitter
The region is one constituency, and its wars are linked to each other no matter what the distance between them. This has been the case since revolutions erupted at the beginning of 2011. Fighting erupted and has spread widely in Yemen since mid-2014, after the Houthis took over the city of Imran and occupied the capital Sanaa. The situation escalated into all-out war after the Houthis besieged the legitimate president and his government.
Fighting in Yemen is a result of regional crises involving Iran, particularly in Syria and Iraq, where it is fighting in defense of its allies. This war began in the streets, then developed into geopolitical confrontations between an Iranian axis and an Arab Gulf axis. Iran has sacrificed men, and provided arms and funds, out of fear for the survival of the Assad regime, its ally in Syria. It has done the same in Iraq to save its allies.
In order to defend itself and further pressure Iran, Riyadh will need to support Syrian opposition groups more
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia had to militarily intervene in its southern neighbor Yemen after the Iranians sought regime-change via their Houthi allies and isolated ousted President Ali Abdullah Saleh. The Iranians think that keeping Riyadh busy in Yemen helps prevent confronting their activities in Iraq and Syria.
Yemen is a big country, far larger than Syria. Yemen's land is more rugged than Syria's, and there is no central system that can easily be eliminated. Weakening Saudi Arabia in the south will mean weakening the Gulf in general so Iran can fulfil its regional aspirations.
Altering the map
It is due to this geopolitical connection that the war in Yemen is part of the war in Syria. Another chapter of Iran's plan is to alter the map by exploiting the chaos that resulted from revolutions. It seeks to place its main rival Saudi Arabia between pliers, threatened between Iraq and Yemen, and Iraq is a natural and political extension of Syria.
In order to defend itself and further pressure Iran, Riyadh will need to support Syrian opposition groups more. It is difficult for Iran to win the Syrian war, but Saudi Arabia is more capable of winning in Yemen. Most Syrians oppose the Assad regime, and revolted against it and its ally Iran four years ago. Most Yemenis have had a strong relation with Saudi Arabia for many decades now.
Riyadh has a special, long-term relationship with most Yemeni components, from north to south – with its tribes, community leaders and businessmen. Iran has previously entered Yemen in an attempt to influence it, but failed. However, it has invested in its religious and political relation with the Houthis, a group that is not that big by Yemeni standards but that has managed to exploit chaos resulting from the revolution and ally with the ousted regime.
Since Iran failed to break the siege imposed on the Assad regime – on whose behalf it has been fighting for two years now – it wants to impose a siege on the legitimate Yemeni government by supporting rebels. I expect this support to double so as to threaten Saudi Arabia from the south.
Although Iran's allies succeeded at ousting the government from Sanaa, and pursuing and besieging it in the temporary capital of Aden, the Saudi militarily intervention and its efforts to create supporting blocs across Yemen will thwart the pliers attempt. However, the chaos that Iran has created in Yemen may keep the Saudis busy from defending their regional interests.
This requires Gulf states to provide more support to the Syrian revolution. The aim is to besiege the Assad regime and force Iran to accept a regional solution that makes it respect present entities and end its destructive activity, which has been ongoing since the beginning of the 1980s. This destructive activity is responsible for instability in Lebanon, for Palestinian divisions, for sectarian disputes in Iraq, and for chaos in Bahrain.
This is all one story that expresses Iran's regional activity, which will increase ahead of the Camp David conference that the American president has pledged to organize in order to bring rival regional parties to the negotiating table.
This article was first published in Asharq al-Awsat on April 13, 2015.
----------------------------------------------------------
Abdulrahman al-Rashed is the former General Manager of Al Arabiya News Channel. A veteran and internationally acclaimed journalist, he is a former editor-in-chief of the London-based leading Arab daily Asharq al-Awsat, where he still regularly writes a political column. He has also served as the editor of Asharq al-Awsat's sister publication, al-Majalla. Throughout his career, Rashed has interviewed several world leaders, with his articles garnering worldwide recognition, and he has successfully led Al Arabiya to the highly regarded, thriving and influential position it is in today
Last Update: Monday, 13 April 2015 KSA 13:03 - GMT 10:03
Hitler at the Day of Potsdam ceremony for the opening of the new Reichstag after the German federal election in March 1933. Wikimedia Commons
The intended consequences of the Republican tax plan are bad enough. Unanimously, economists across ideological spectrums have said the GOP's Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would increase the deficit, hurt lower- and middle-income Americans, exacerbate inequality, and fail to provide the economic growth the Trump administration keeps touting without evidence.
The unintended consequences could be much worse.
In a new paper published by the National Bureau of Economic Research, the economists Gregori Galofré-Vilà, Christopher M. Meissner, Martin McKee, and David Stuckler show the dramatic impact poor tax policy had on Weimar Germany from 1930 to 1932.
That policy — even more so than other economic factors like unemployment — radicalized the population and made Germans feel the government was out of touch with their struggles. In short, it created the perfect environment for the Nazi Party. Let me be clear about something: The US is not Weimar Germany. Our situation obviously isn't as desperate. But an already polarized country can learn some things from Germany's example, including just how quickly bad policies pushed German voters to extremes.
The policies this paper examines were implemented for two years and then cast aside when a new chancellor was appointed in 1933. Support for the Nazi Party fell almost immediately. But by then it was too late. Even after losing seats in Germany's legislature, the Reichstag, from July to November of 1933, the Nazis had gained control of 44% of seats — enough to form a coalition.
Enough to come close to destroying the world.
Austerity
Desperate after Germany's economy collapsed in 1928, the country's president, Paul von Hindenburg, appointed a bunch of technocrats to run the government in 1930. At the helm was Chancellor Heinrich Brüning. He was an austerity guy who liked to issue "notverordunungen" — emergency decrees. He quickly implemented a mix of tax increases and spending cuts in an effort to get the country back to good.
From the paper:
"These measures involved drastic cuts to government expenditure, increased rates of taxation, new taxes, and cuts to unemployment benefits, payments to pensioners, and welfare recipients. In addition, the central government acted to centralize important fiscal decisions that were traditionally decentralized in the Weimar Republic.
"According to Brüning, the suffering they would cause would help elicit international sympathy for the Germans and help put an end to the unpopular reparations imposed at Versailles."
The political ramifications of these measures were almost immediate, according to researchers, and they went beyond the Nazi Party. This austere fiscal policy combined with a depression-induced public-sector slowdown only worsened the economic situation for Germans, and it radicalized people across the social spectrum. As they lost faith in their government's ability to manage the situation, unemployed and low-income Germans became more likely to turn to the Communist Party. Middle- and upper-income Germans were more likely to turn to the Nazis.
German Chancellor Heinrich Brüning. Wikimedia Commons Over the period when Brüning, who was dubbed "The Hunger Chancellor," was slashing and burning, the Nazis gained ground in Germany's legislature.
Hitler knew Brüning's policies were helping him. In 1932 he wrote a widely circulated pamphlet decrying the measures in which he ended by saying, "Although that was not the intention, this emergency decree will help my party to victory, and therefore put an end to the illusions of the present System."
In 1933 a new chancellor implemented fiscal stimulus, and again the political ramifications were almost immediate. The Nazis lost dozens of seats in the Reichstag from July to November of that year.
Still, it was too late. Hindenburg named Hitler chancellor in January 1933. By March the Nazi Party controlled 44.6% of the Reichstag and managed to pass the infamous Enabling Act, which allowed the German cabinet to pass laws without the legislature or the president.
"The coalition that allowed a majority to form government in March 1933 might not have been able to form had fiscal policy been more expansionary," the researchers wrote.
And so began one of the darkest periods in the history of the world.
Obviously, the US is not Weimar Germany
We are not Weimar Germany. We do not have painful war reparations from the Treaty of Versailles to deal with. We do not have a global financial crisis on our hands. We do not have austerity measures being implemented across the board in the midst of the economic downturn.
Pew Research Center
What we do have, though, is intense political polarization. We also have a populace increasingly tired of its leadership.
Plus, we have a government taking steps that are isolationist, economically disruptive with no beneficial outcome, and going to add to the struggles of lower-income Americans who are already moving further away from the mainstream.
"The Depression-era was associated as much with a major decline in world trade as financial and monetary disturbances; it was a time of tariff increases, quotas, competitive devaluations, exchange controls, and the promotion of bilateral at the expense of multilateral trade (Crafts and Fearon 2013)," the researchers wrote.
The Trump administration has returned to that when it comes to trade policy, adding another layer of economic risk to an already fragile political situation. NAFTA, for example, is now in jeopardy, as the Mexican ambassador mused there was a 50-50 chance the deal would be terminated. The US is angering friends and enemies alike, pushing for nonsensical bilateral trade deals.
That antagonism extends to President Donald Trump's tax plan, which both European and Chinese officials have said could be detrimental to global trade. Chinese officials are calling it a "gray rhino" — an obvious problem that no one is doing anything to stop.
Again, the Weimar government engaged in this same behavior.
"As a result, Germany's GDP fell by one third from peak to trough and exports declined by 50% (Crafts and Fearon 2010; Grossman and Meissner 2010)," the paper said.
Austerity by any other name
Above all that, what we have is a tax policy that would hit some Americans harder than others. While the rich and corporations would enjoy a nice long tax cut under the GOP plan, the legislation doesn't indefinitely protect cuts for other Americans. By 2019, Americans making $30,000 and under would see their taxes go up. By 2021, everyone makes $75,000 or less would see a tax increase. The median US household income was $59,039 in 2016 — so that's most people.
And then there are the increases here and there that Republicans hate talking about. The House plan does away with the medical-expense deduction, essentially raising taxes on those with high medical bills — especially the elderly. Young people with student loans and grad students get hit in the Senate bill. Those in high-tax states like California and New York will be hit if their ability to deduct state and local taxes is eliminated. Over at The Wall Street Journal, Richard Rubin figured out that some high-income businesses faced a 100% tax increase.
Healthcare, which is the only sector that has experienced price inflation since the financial crisis, would become even more of a burden on Americans. Analysts estimate that the Senate bill would leave 13 million people uninsured, increase Obamacare premiums on unsubsidized families by $2,000, and force automatic cuts to Medicare.
Pew Research Center
At the same time, members of the GOP are already talking about cutting welfare and other social programs next, and there are signs that they'll be doing so at a bad time. Americans are starting to have difficulty paying off their credit cards. Though unemployment is low, wage growth is still stagnant. Inflation is also anemic, still hovering below the Federal Reserve's 2% target even though it is tightening economic conditions by ending the financial crisis' easy-money policies.
This is austerity in a country that has plenty. It's a heinous act of cruelty fueled by ideology, the desire for power, and the very toxic partisanship that it is likely to exacerbate.
To wit, as in Germany, this incompetently written tax policy would produce the unintended consequence of radicalizing Americans further.
"Germany today is in the grips of the most powerful deflation that any nation has experienced … many people in Germany have nothing to look forward to — nothing except a 'change,' something wholly vague and wholly undefined, but a change," the German chancellor Brüning once said.
Those who suffer in this twisted new form of American austerity will feel the same desire. It's what pushed many young people into the arms of Bernie Sanders. It's the same phenomenon that pushed some to give Trump a chance, despite his incessant lying, racism, and tendency toward authoritarianism. It has given us the Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore in Alabama.
If this tax plan passes, expect our faith in government to erode further. Expect our partisan divisions to worsen. Expect this to take our country to destinations unknown.
FC Santa Claus AC (abbreviated Santa) is a football club from Rovaniemi, Finland. The club was formed in 1993 following the amalgamation of Rovaniemen Reipas and Rovaniemen Lappi football clubs. FC Santa Claus won its group in Kakkonen, but lost promotion play-offs final to HIFK and failed to gain promotion to the Ykkönen league in 2010.
Background [ edit ]
Rovaniemen Reipas (RoRe) was the more successful of the two founder clubs whom merged to form FC Santa Claus, playing 12 seasons in the Kakkonen (Second Division), the third tier of the Finnish football system in the periods 1978–81, 1984–89, 1991–92. Rovaniemen Lappi (RoLa) played 3 seasons at this level in 1987–88 and 1992. The merger consolidated FC Santa Claus as a Kakkonen club and they spent a further 8 years at this level until they were relegated to the Kolmonen at the end of the 2000 season. The club gained promotion from the Northern Finland (Pohjois-Suomi) section of the Kolmonen in 2008.[1]
The club won the Midnattsolscupen (Midnight Sun Cup) in 1994.[2]
Season to season [ edit ]
A key Amazon service that helps power the internet went down yesterday, bringing with it scores of websites and services, including Amazon's own network status page.
“A lot of people have put their stuff on Amazon, so that means when the infrastructure breaks, which doesn't happen very often, lots of things break,” said Jim Waldo, a professor and chief technology officer for Harvard's John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
Amazon Web Services S3, a server offering from the online shopping giant, had “high error rates” in the East Coast region, harming at least parts of many websites, according to Amazon. Some sites rely on S3 for critical components, while others only use it to access images.
Amazon's own webpage, designed to show whether AWS services are working, also uses S3 to store its status images, so the page showed healthy, green checkmarks for hours despite the outage.
Amazon said it resolved the issue at about 5 p.m. yesterday, and said earlier in the day it believes it has identified the cause.
The outage affected websites including businessinsider.com, Giphy, Quora and even downforeveryoneorjustme.com, a website made to check if a page is experiencing an outage.
Waldo said the outage is unusual because cloud servers have become increasingly reliable.
“In some sense, Amazon is a victim of their own success,” Waldo said. “They've become so successful that people have become so used to their computing services being there that it's notable when it's not.”
Advertisement
Being your own boss has many benefits, so maybe you have decided to abandon your secure traditional work, which included regular revenues, to become self-employed. Now, you can decide on what you work and how you work… except with some clients that bring undesirable conditions. If they get to rule over you, what are the true benefits of doing freelance work?
No matter how prepared and knowledgeable you are about finding and working with good clients, you will have to face bad situations once in awhile. Even if it is one of the drawbacks of being your own boss, it is not something that can be avoided entirely during a career. It is, however, a matter that you can manage.
What really creates a problem is working with a bad client on a regular basis without realizing the problem and fixing the relationship. If a client or a situation caused by a client raise your stress levels to a point where it affects your personal life or makes you dread going to work, you need to act.
Basically, you need to identify what is not working and fix it. If working for someone does not bring you enough profit, simply raise fees. If unexpected requests keep demanding more work hours, request a deadline extension. The relationship with your client has to be mutually beneficial. If it is not, you are the one in charge of fixing the situation.
Know your client
The first step you can take towards a healthy relationship is learning as much as you can about your client before accepting the contract. Take the time to discuss with them every important subject and have a face to face meeting at least once. That encounter will allow them to ask any question they might have and you can cover the important topics they did not ask about.
This first meeting is also an opportunity to get to know your client's perspective on the expected result as well as on what priority the project has for them. Through the questions they ask on the project, you should get the feeling that they are interested in getting an understanding of who you are and how you work. A good client will recognize your abilities and the accuracy of your point of views.
There is some crucial information you should ensure to get about your client: their past experiences, the market they are in and their current activities. If they have been working with other web professionals, ask about what went wrong and assess their answers, especially if the professional severed the tie with this client. Some subjects are more sensitive, so be tactful when asking about them. For example, learn about their finances by asking a general question when talking about the project's cost.
Handling your client
Once you have decided to work for a client, you need to define very precisely every aspect of the project with them, especially regarding the timeline. Identify when and how changes in the project and its pricing can be made. Clearly determine the services and establish a calendar stating both parties' responsibilities in terms of delivery dates.
Get enough contact information about your client to ensure you can get a hold of them when it is required. You should ideally deal with more than one person and always have different ways to contact them. You can get phone numbers, e-mail addresses and a physical address for example.
When a client seems hesitant, ensure that they will not delay the project due to their difficulty to make a decision by making their deadlines clear and unmovable. To make the process easier, help your indecisive clients with advices and suggestions.
The contract
Having a contract is absolutely necessary if you want to increase your chances of having a good relationship, as well as ensure basics like getting paid. If a client is trying to escape his financial obligations, the contract will be the legal document proving how much he owes at a certain point in time.
The contract has to be redacted before the project has started and it should include all the relevant information defining your project as well as its timeline and cost. As such the following subjects should be written down: the nature and scope of the project, the expected schedule and things that will be delivered, the chosen characteristics of the project and the approximate total costs.
A well-written contract should define possible changes to the project and how they will be dealt with. For example, it should explain how and when the client can request new features, how their pricing will be determined and what happens if the client wants to end the project before it is completed. By agreeing in advance to possible changes, you lessen the chances of having problems later on.
Contract templates
Contract Killer
AIGA Standard Form of Agreement for Design Services
A Contract Template
Logo Design Contract of Agreement
Collaboration is simply not possible? Consider firing your client
No one likes conflict. However, if the relationship does not become mutually beneficial even when you have been trying to manage its negative aspects, it is a sign it might be time to consider firing your client. Evaluate the impact of the bad client on your business and on yourself as a worker and a human being. If you feel the client has a bad impact and that issues cannot be resolved, it is better to move on to something else.
The discussion where you will be firing your client is not an easy one. It will most likely go more smoothly if you are able to be objective and to keep your emotions out of it. Do not make it personal and try to make it as simple as possible to avoid possible objections and more conflict. A statement like “I consider that I am not able to fulfill your requests” is enough. Do not add explanations as to why you are unable to continue to relationship – if you have tried to fix it, both parties are already well aware of the issue – because it will open the door to an unnecessary discussion.
Advertisement
An important part of firing your client is to make sure that the remaining obligations are clear. Indicate what you still need to deliver if the client has already paid for something that has not been completed yet and what the client owes you for the work that has been done. If the possibility of ending the project early had been considered in the contract, it will definitely make this step a lot easier.
Issues post-firing
Some clients will not make it easy for you to fire them. They can get emotional or delay the process. Putting a term to a project can require a few meetings. However, if you have a contract, the client is legally liable for any amount he owes you. Before involving lawyers, though, it is better to try to simply pressure the client into paying the amounts owed. For example, you could refuse to hand off an important part of the project until you get the client's payment.
No matter how bad the relationship has been, do not try to destroy your past client's reputation. Do not talk about it in social media or with other clients. It would make you look unable to handle difficult situations and it will damage your image. If you are asked for references, stick to the fact and allow people to make their minds for themselves.
Getting good clients
Ask for referrals
Referrals from good clients are really important. You can simply ask your clients if they have potential referrals to give you or take a more aggressive approach, where you reward referrals with a commission, a discount on next orders or a special bonus. Giving a small incentive can sometimes have a very profitable impact, so it is worth considering.
Create partnerships
When your work is doing contracts for various clients, usually there are times when you are overloaded and times when you do not have any to do. That can create cash flow difficulties for anyone. Especially if you had to refuse a contract when you were busy because you simply did not have enough time to do them, no matter how dedicated you are to your work.
A solution to that inconsistency problem is to create a partnership with another designer or with a design firm. They might not have the same downtimes than you do, so you can work for their clients when your business is slow. This way maybe you can earn a few good clients.
Conclusion
As with everything in life, dealing with a client is a question of balance. It is normal to get to know your client before starting to work for them and it is normal to plan ahead when redacting a contract. However, make sure you are not so strict that potential good clients decide to do their business somewhere else.
Clients will bring challenges of different natures and learning to deal with them can only help you grow as a self-employed contractor. To increase your chances of success, focus on good communication and planning – even when it comes to details. Most of the time when things go wrong, it is possible to discuss with the client and come to an arrangement that satisfies both parties. So, do not fire clients too easily, but do not let one make your life a nightmare either.
Thomas Wanschik on September 27, 2010
JOINs via denormalization for NoSQL coders, Part 2: Materialized views
In part 1 we discussed a workaround for JOINs on non-relational databases using denormalization in cases for which the denormalized properties of the to-one side don't change. In this post we'll show one way to handle JOINs for mutable properties of the to-one side i.e. properties of users.
Let's summarize our current situation:
We have users (the to-one side) and their photos (the to-many side)
Photos contain their users' gender in order to use it in queries which would need JOINs otherwise
It's obvious that a solution for the problem of mutable properties on the to-one side has to keep denormalized properties up to date i.e. each time the user changes his/her gender (or more likely her hair color ;) we have to go through all of the user's photos and update the photos' denormalized gender. It is clear that we get into problems here if a user has thousands of photos to update because such an update would take too long. We need a scalable way to deal with such updates.
Background tasks to the rescue
One way to solve the update-problem is to start a background task each time a user changes his/her gender. It's clear that this solution comes with eventual consistency i.e. changes won't be visible immediately. Nonetheless in most cases that's acceptable and normally background tasks are freaking fast.
Using background tasks in order to update all photos of a given user isn't as simple as it seems. The devil is in the details. Let's assume that a background task tries to update a photo (i.e. some denormalized property of the user) while a user is editing some property of the same photo at the same time i.e. the photo's title for example. In such a scenario it can happen that changes of the user will be overwritten by the background task (or vice versa). To see this take the example of a user changing a photo's title:
Background task gets a photo out of the database in order to update the denormalized gender (task holds version A of the photo)
submit_view gets the same photo out of the database in order to update its title (view holds version A of the photo too)
Background task saves the photo (version B of the photo is saved i.e. denormalized gender updated)
submit_view finished denormalization updates and saves the photo (version C of the photo is saved i.e. photo's title updated)
The problem here is that version C doesn't contain the background task's changes i.e. updates to the denormalized gender (contained in version B) because the submit_view fetched the photo (version A) before the background task saved its changes to the user's denormalized gender. Thus the submit_view never knows about the background task's changes and overwrites them.
One way out of this problem is to use transactions. However this would force us to use transactions in background tasks as well as for all saves to photos in order to avoid such situations. This can slow down our high-traffic web site and forces us to remember to use transactions whenever we want to update a photo. Additionally Django's transactions aren't optimistic so we have to remember to use QuerySet.update() . Also only few non-relational databases support optimistic transactions or atomic UPDATE operations.
Materialized views
Another way to solve this problem is to introduce a third model containing a one-to-one relation to the Photo model. The basic idea behind this is to separate information used for querying (i.e. properties of photos used in queries) and the entities actually containing the information we care about (i.e. the photos itself).
class PhotoUserView(models.model): # denormalize all data of the photo denormalized_photo_title = models.CharField(max_length=100) denormalized_photo_popularity = models.CharField(max_length=100) denormalized_photo_user = models.ForeignKey(User) .... # copy the user's gender into denormalized_gender denormalized_user_gender = models.CharField(max_length=10) # one-to-one relation used as primary key photo = models.OneToOneField(Photo, primary_key=True)
As you can see all fields of the Photo model are being denormalized into the PhotoUserView as well as the gender of the user. This doubles the amount of storage used because we have to store an additional entity for each photo , but storage is cheap so this doesn't represent any disadvantage.
Of course PhotoUserView points to User too because it contains the denormalized foreign key denormalized_user from the photo model. The figure doesn't contain this link because it doesn't help in understanding the concept of materialized views.
Given this model we can use the following efficient query to get photos for which we would've needed JOINs before
photo_pks = PhotoUserView.objects.filter( denormalized_user_gender='female', denormalized_photo_popularity='high' ).values('pk') female_user_photos = Photo.objects.filter(pk__in=photo_pks)
The trick here is that we use the one-to-one field as the primary key for entities of PhotoUserView so we only need to get their primary keys in order to fetch photos we are interested in. This technique is similar to the relation index (see Building Scalable, Complex Apps on App Engine, same technique used in nonrel-search too). Additionally on App Engine and most other NoSQL databases the pk__in filter can efficiently batch-get all users. Queries which wouldn't need JOINs can still be done on the Photo model directly
popular_photos = Photo.objects.filter(popularity='high')
The important advantage of materialized views is that we don't have conflicts between users editing properties of their photos and background tasks updating denormalized properties anymore. Let's take a closer look at why that's the case: if a user changes his/her gender, the corresponding background task has to update the denormalized gender of all entities on the PhotoUserView model now and not on the Photo model. As a result changes by users editing photos at the same time won't get into conflicts with background tasks updating PhotoUserView entities anymore.
However changes to photos have to start their own background tasks too now in order to keep all denormalized properties in PhotoUserView of the Photo model up to date.
So basically all comes down to the following situations:
User edits properties of a photo => We have to start a background task to update all denormalized properties of the corresponding PhotoUserView entity
entity User changes its gender => We have to start background tasks to update the denormalized gender of all PhotoUserView entities who point to that specific user
As a result materialized views solve the problem of having to use transactions whenever we want to update a photo.
Now you might object that background tasks will eat too much bandwidth and that map/reduce would be more efficient. However, unless you use CouchDB views, map/reduce isn't incremental. What we've built here is a materialized view which updates only the affected entities. In contrast, map/reduce implementations like in MongoDB rebuild the whole index and that requires a lot more resources if you have a large and popular website. As an optimization, if your database supports transactions or atomic UPDATE operations you can get rid of materialized views, but then you have to be disciplined about using transactions/ QuerySet.update() absolutely everywhere in your code. This becomes a problem if you want to reuse existing Django apps. Most of them use Model.save() which isn't safe. Materialized views don't have these disadvantages.
In the next post we'll explain in detail when to start background tasks in order to avoid update conflicts and how to handle evil situations like database crashes.
BY: Follow @cb0321
The Democratic National Committee on Tuesday morning sent an email with the subject "Trump's Empty Promises on Border Wall."
"Trump has failed to deliver on his signature promise to build a border wall and have Mexico pay for it. Trump even admitted in a private conversation with Mexico that his border wall promise was the ‘least important thing,'" said the email, first noticed by Business Insider reporter Allan Smith.
Angelo Carusone, president of the liberal group Media Matters for America, slammed the email as counterproductive.
So dumb. Saddest part is they think they're playing like 4th dimensional chess, but in reality they're just sitting alone eating checkers. https://t.co/h9iXWGBLs3 — Angelo Carusone (@GoAngelo) August 22, 2017
The email led some liberals to advocate refraining from donating to the cash-strapped DNC.
please do not give these feckless idiots money https://t.co/GZ9rW5Mg79 — Bill Corbett (@BillCorbett) August 22, 2017
Journalists across Twitter slammed the email for being bad politics and tone-deaf.
this is why @TheDemocrats will continue losing elections and deserve every loss https://t.co/ZImmBciX7Y — Jonathan Deesi̓̐ͦ̄ng (@Deesing) August 22, 2017
I just can't with @DNC right now. Donation letters that look like shut-off notices, and now this? https://t.co/aVddKWV59m — Ashley Shelby (@millcitywriter) August 22, 2017
2018 Dem message: the food is terrible, and such small portionshttps://t.co/pnu6Sla38p — Alex Burns (@alexburnsNYT) August 22, 2017
these craven shitheads are going to keep losing elections https://t.co/je2Z0hnFcc — auntie fa (@JoshhTerry) August 22, 2017
what
are
they
doing https://t.co/rCVESLZr19 — Matt Pearce (@mattdpearce) August 22, 2017
folks, if you're frustrated by the lack of follow-through on racism, vote Democr–wait, that's not–lemme start over https://t.co/Dkuk97wicz — Simon Maloy (@SimonMaloy) August 22, 2017
The Department of Homeland Security recently announced in San Diego a plan for a prototype of the border wall, which "may be used for future designs for construction of the wall along the rest of the border," the Washington Free Beacon reported.
1. When it came to writing Terminator 2: Judgement Day, James Cameron decided very early on that he didn't just want Sarah and John to fight the T-800 again - even though Carolco Pictures really wanted something very similar to the first film. When Cameron told Arnold Schwarzenegger his idea for the movie Arnie was initially disappointed, he was concerned that a 'good' Terminator wouldn't get the chance to terminate anyone. Cameron then briefly toyed with the idea of having Arnold in dual roles, a good T-800 and a bad T-800 - could've been interesting!2. In the first movie Arnie had only spoken 58 words in the entire film, when it came to Terminator 2: Judgement Day Schwarzenegger had a little bit more to say - a total of 700 words across the 137 minutes, still not that much. He was paid $15 million for the film, so if we look at earnings per word when he said "I'll be back" he was earning $64,287 - nice work if you can get it!3. It seems as if Arnie struggled to remember some of those 700 words, as when the Terminator is telling Sarah Connor about Miles Dyson and the history of Skynet, Arnold Schwarzenegger was actually reading his lines from a card taped to the car's windshield.4. Rock star Billy Idol was the original choice for the T-1000 (Robert Patrick's character) until he was injured in a motorcycle accident and had to withdraw from the movie.5. Edward Furlong had to re-dub many of his lines after the movie was completed. Like most films it was shot out of sequence and Furlong's voice broke during production, so after the movie was edited his voice would jump octaves from one scene to the next.6. Originally the ending of T2 saw an older Sarah Connor look at her son John playing with his daughter in a peaceful future scenario. Carolco, who funded the movie, felt it would ruin any future sequels and asked Cameron to change it. He really didn't want to but eventually relented just one month before the film's release. He then used road footage from the scene just before the attack on Cyberdyne Systems to create the ending we saw. However, the original ending can be seen in later DVD special edition releases.7. In Terminator 2: Judgement Day we discover that Skynet goes live on August 29th 1997. In the real world the domain name for Google was registered just a couple of weeks later, on September 15th 1997. Coincidence?8. At the time Terminator 2: Judgement Day was the most expensive movie ever made, with a budget of $102 million. Seems this is a common James Cameron trait, as two of his future films would hold the same distinction, Titanic (1997) and Avatar (2009).9. T2 is the only film of the franchise to win an Academy Award, it was nominated for 6 and won 4 of them - Best Make-Up, Best Sound, Best Sound Editing and Best Visual Effects. Also, to date Terminator 2: Judgment Day is the only sequel movie to win an Oscar when the previous installment wasn't even nominated.10. T2 was the last Terminator movie that James Cameron directed, and was almost the last that Schwarzenegger starred in. Arnie initially refused to appear in Terminator 3 unless Cameron was bought on board as director, they had become close friends and he couldn't see himself making the movie without him. It was Cameron who changed Arnold's mind, he said to him "Just do it and ask for a shit-load of money".
Nepotism within the TF2 workshop community
This thing had less than 200 views before it was listed as 'accepted', even if EVERY ONE of those viewers clicked like, how the f#ck did a 200 like item get accepted into the game.
Valve said they would stop allowing groups of workshop creators to bundle their ideas together into 'community created content groups' due to nepotism within the community, shunning certain creators, and allowing content only involved within the group to shine, but clearly thats not the case since THIS piece of crap managed to get in.
'Oh but its not part of of a group' , Yes it is, that bow in the picture signifies it was part of the Winter Wonderland 2016 group.
infact, most if not all of Vlek's workshop items are grouped into a large community content group. Iron Gauntlet, Mayaan, Halloween 2016, End of the Line...
Valve, fix your sh#t. beause stuff like this is inexcusable
Treating stroke is a race against time. To prevent brain damage and save lives, physicians have to diagnose and treat strokes as quickly as possible. Now, a new study suggests doctors can reduce risks by delaying a commonly performed follow-up surgery that clears fatty deposits from an artery in the neck.
Doctors at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis found that the surgery, which reduces risk of additional strokes, should be delayed if patients were recently treated with the clot-busting drug tPA.
“Patients undergoing this surgery a few days after tPA treatment were at higher risk for bleeding complications,” said senior author Greg Zipfel, MD, an associate professor of neurological surgery who treats patients at Barnes-Jewish Hospital. “We think delaying the procedure by at least one week after tPA treatment likely will make the procedure safer and improve patient outcomes.”
The study appears online in the journal Neurosurgery.
Symptoms of stroke include dizziness, paralysis, confusion, loss of sight, numbness, weakness and trouble speaking. After symptoms start, doctors have 4.5 hours to confirm that a stroke is occurring and to give patients tPA to break up the blood clots causing the strokes. (Until recently, the time limit for tPA administration was three hours after stroke onset.)
After the stroke, physicians scan the carotid arteries, the two large blood vessels in the neck that provide much of the brain's blood supply. If one of these arteries is more than 50 percent blocked with fatty deposits called plaque, doctors commonly recommend surgical removal of the plaque a few days after the stroke.
During this procedure, known as a carotid endarterectomy, surgeons open the diseased artery and remove the plaque. This helps reduce the chances that a fragment of the plaque will break free, block a small brain blood vessel and cause another stroke.
First author Ananth Vellimana, MD, a second-year neurosurgery resident at Barnes-Jewish Hospital, analyzed outcomes in 142 patients who underwent the procedure at the hospital from 1995 to 2007. Eleven patients received the procedure a few days after a stroke and tPA treatment; 131 had surgery after suffering a stroke or stroke-like symptoms but did not receive tPA treatment.
Two cases of brain bleeding occurred in the much smaller group of patients who had the surgery within a few days of tPA treatment, but only one case occurred in the larger group, which had not been treated with tPA.
“Treatment with tPA appears to affect the risk of brain bleeding after surgery, but the body clears tPA much too rapidly for it to be the direct cause of the problem,” Vellimana noted. “One possibility is that tPA's suppression of blood clotting during stroke treatment may cause microhemorrhages in the brain. These small bleeds could become significantly bigger after an endarterectomy increases blood flow to the brain.”
Advanced imaging techniques may allow physicians to detect these microhemorrhages and better assess the risks of the surgery, according to Vellimana. If patients exhibit these small bleeds, doctors may delay the procedure further to give the blood vessels a chance to heal.
Treatment with tPA also could be activating a molecular chain reaction that temporarily increases the likelihood of bleeding in the brain. As an example, the researchers noted that tPA boosts production of a protein that increases the risk of bleeding.
“These two forms of treatment – tPA and endarterectomy – each have proven value in limiting or preventing brain damage from strokes,” said Zipfel. “The challenge now is determining how to time the use of these treatments to maximize benefit and minimize risk.”
There is nothing novel, let alone heroic, about Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin's call for Congress to pass an increase to the statutory debt limit with no strings attached. That has been the institutional position of every Treasury Department in both Democratic and Republican administrations for decades.
What stands out, however, is the Trump administration's muddled and inept approach to an issue so critical to America's financial security. President Trump has been largely missing in action, instead turning the job over to a Washington novice stretched thin with other workload requirements, including the daunting challenge of achieving tax reform in a politically fractious climate. White House abdication on the debt limit is risky business.
Failure to raise the ceiling has consequences. Think stock market crash. Think global financial chaos. Think rising interest rates and an economy going down the tubes.
Raising the debt ceiling, although essentially a ministerial legislative act, involves heavy lifting. It's a lesson I learned all too well as a Treasury Department deputy assistant secretary for legislative affairs in my early days with Jimmy Carter's administration. Our initial efforts in February 1979 to raise the ceiling were shot down in Congress by members eager to show folks back home that they were fiscally frugal. Not that the lawmakers didn't know better.
The debt limit has nothing to do with new spending. Voting against the bill, however, was a cheap political “show” vote. The debt ceiling was eventually raised in 1979, as has always been the case, at least up until now. But getting it done required the president's full attention at the plate — as Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama found out during their times at bat. There was no cooling it in the dugout. (Sorry, baseball fans.)
Mnuchin is a beseecher. A commanding figure is needed on the scene. Where has the Trump administration been all this time? Getting clean debt-ceiling legislation requires a herculean effort, especially out of those congressional Republicans who believe sabotaging the government is good for the country. The greatest threat to raising the ceiling unconditionally is found within Trump's own party.
It certainly doesn't help to have a president who can't tell the debt ceiling from ceiling tile, who is fixated on the Russia investigation and who cares more about making himself look good.
And it looks even worse when the president's director of the Office of Management and Budget, Mick Mulvaney, has acted as a public cheerleader for tying a debt-limit increase to fiscal reforms favored by hawks in the House Freedom Caucus, where Mulvaney once held forth. That Trump was so cavalier about his treasury secretary getting stabbed in the back by his OMB director only underscores the magnitude of the problem caused by his inattention. Fortunately, after getting the word from the White House that Mnuchin “speaks for the administration” on the debt ceiling, Mulvaney this week saluted, silenced his foghorn and executed an about-face. At least in public.
Meanwhile, Mnuchin, late to the game and a stranger to the ways of Congress, plows on, bringing no special insights or arguments that haven't been heard before. The treasury secretary wages forth with bureaucracy-supplied talking points doing what he is required to do.
I sang this tune in the Carter years, and sang it again about Obama's go-round with Congress over raising the debt ceiling in 2011 (choir, in unison): Increasing the debt limit allows the country to meet its obligations — already authorized by Congress — to holders of U.S. debt, including foreign countries; to Social Security recipients; and to all other creditors. (Be seated.)
Even the most doltish, bird-brained legislator on either side of the Capitol knows that it is essential that the United States meet its legal obligations. Every member of Congress understands the danger of a U.S. debt default — I just gotta believe that.
Yet we are once again, as a country, about to be subjected to another “Perils of Pauline” debt-ceiling cliffhanger in which the financial system is placed at the point of death to only, I hope, escape at the end. That is, if this president, who takes apparent maniacal delight in pulling wings off butterflies in the form of Attorney General Jeff Sessions, former chief of staff Reince Preibus and former press secretary Sean Spicer, awakes to his obligation to protect the full faith and credit of the United States, and gets to work. We live in hope.
Read more from Colbert King's archive.
A kindhearted Texas mother has touched thousands of hearts after taking in a homeless man she passed everyday to help him rebuild his life.
Ginger Jones Sprouse saw 32-year-old Victor Hubbard, sitting on a corner in Clear Lake City near Houston, Texas, every day as she drove to work.
Whenever she spoke to him, he asked her how she was and told her to be safe.
After contacting local authorities and others in the community to learn more about him, Mrs Jones Sprouse discovered he went to the corner every day in the hope that his mother who abandoned him three years earlier would come back.
Mrs Jones Sprouse moved him in with her after being told by authorities there was nothing they could do because he was not breaking the law.
Scroll down for video
Before: Victor lived on a street corner in Clear Lake City near Houston, Texas, for three years. He was waiting for his mother who abandoned him to come back for him
Now: Ginger Jones Sprouse took him in after driving past him every day. She has given him clothes, hired him at her cookery school and arranged for him to have mental health care. The pair is pictured above after Victor had a haircut and teeth cleaning
Since launching her crusade in December, Mrs Jones Sprouse, who has two teenage sons, has given him a job at her cookery school, arranged healthcare including prescriptions for mental illness and glasses, and raised $25,000 through a GoFundMe page to pay for future accommodation.
Speaking to DailyMail.com on Wednesday, she told how she felt compelled to help Victor after getting to know him gradually when she drove past his corner.
'He never asked for any money, he never asked for anything. Sometimes he would refuse. If he'd already eaten that day and you offered him food he'd say "I'm OK, I already ate". He's extraordinarily honest' she said.
She started her mission by asking local police and social services for help. B ut because he was not breaking the law, no one would claim responsibility for him.
'Everybody knew him, knew of him. They said he's not a danger to himself or to anyone and he's not bothering anyone so they couldn't help him.
'It was frustrating to me because this was someone who obviously needed help.'
Victor is well known in the community. Many residents told Mrs Jones Sprouse they had spoken to him before when she began making inquiries about him
She appealed to well wishers on a Facebook page in December and has since been inundated with offers of help
She then set up the Facebook page but when the weather turned colder, Mrs Jones Sprouse brought him home with her.
She then beefed up her online efforts to get him help and attracted hundreds of offers of help.
Her first port of call was a doctor who could diagnose his mental illness.
Mrs Jones Sprouse chose not to disclose what conditions he suffers but said it was clear from the beginning that he needed treatment. With no healthcare of his own, she set up the GoFundMe page to meet the cost.
It also paid for Victor to stay in a hotel when Mrs Jones Sprouse was out of town.
He now lives with her and her husband Dean full time and he works with her at her cookery school. He also has a job in a burger restaurant where he greets guests and cleans in the dining room.
'He helps us clean and wipe tables and he talks to our guests. My goal for him is just to have a normal life - to be stable and happy.'
Since the Facebook page took off, Victor has had his eyes tested, been to the dentist, and has thrown a party to thank his new friends for their support. More than 200 people showed up to it.
The Facebook page also helped him track down his family including the mother who left him.
She was living and working nearby. It's not clear why they became separated. Mrs Jones Sprouse said Victor had seen her again once since she took him in but that they hadn't seen each other again since.
Mrs Jones Sprouse brought Victor back to her home for the first time last year after learning more about him from authorities. He is seen above with her husband
Victor now works with Mrs Jones Sprouse at her cooking school, Art of the Meal
He was given a free eye exam and now wears glasses and also had his teeth cleaned and fixed for free
The local fire department delivers Victor's mental health care prescriptions to him daily
'He did get to see her and reassure her that he's OK and we just kind of left it at that.'
She said the woman appeared to be in good health and was still working. He is not in touch with the rest of his family.
Mrs Jones Sprouse said the change in him since she took him in was that he seemed finally able to relax.
'There's a sense of relief about him. He laughs a lot. Sometimes he laughs a lot about things that aren't really even that funny but he just seems calmer, he seems joyful.
'It's like there's a sense of "it's OK, I'm home."'
In a video message to his friends, Victor he said felt he could accomplish 'anything' because of her.
'We enjoy working together. I think it's a fun thing to do. It's a fun thing to be around friends.
'It really pays to be a friend of a friend which is Ginger. I love what I do and I like who I am. I'm surrounded by friends and friendship so I maintain a stable mindset.
'I can accomplish anything when I'm around Ginger so anyone around me can witness that and they can get to know me if they like me,' he said.
He stayed in a hotel when Mrs Jones Sprouse was out of town but now lives full time with her family
Mrs Jones Sprouse (above with her husband and Victor at the cooking school) said she felt compelled to help him after learning how so many in the community were worried about him
In videos shared on his Facebook page, he also thanked all those who have helped him.
He now returns to the corner where Mrs Jones Sprouse found him to meet up with his friends.
Mrs Jones Sprouse is now seeking help trying to find Victor a permanent home
She is now appealing for continued help to pay for his care.
It is unlikely he will be able to live independently but she is eager to settle him in to a 'normal life'.
'I just think of him as part of our family.
'Part of me feels very motherly towards him. I think he will probably always need a degree of supervision.
'One of our goals was to get his identification then another is to maybe get a bank account of his own.
'He is welcome to live with me and my family for as long as he wants to,' she said.
Elevate are returning to Smash 4 by signing Ramin "Mr. R" Delshad, the best Super Smash Bros. for Wii U player in Europe.
Ranked 10th in the world on the 2017 Panda Global Smash 4 Ranking, Mr. R is considered to be one of the best Sheik players in the world, as well as Europe's top Smash 4 player. He's been playing the game since launch, taking first place at the very first Smash 4 tournament ever, and has continued to find success in the game ever since.
Mr. R was previously signed to European organization LowLandLions, which he left in June. While playing as an unsponsored player, Mr. R took fifth at CEO 2016, second at WTFox 2, third at Super Smash Con 2016, fourth at The Big House 6 and fifth at Umebura S.A.T.
"The Smash community is certainly one in which we want to stay -- the fans are highly supportive and an absolute blast to interact with," Elevate CBO Collin "Parse" Ruud told theScore esports in a statement. "While we certainly miss Larry and wish him the best with Misfits, we are thrilled to be picking up Ramin. He has an exceptional history in Smash and one of the highest skill ceilings I've seen. If we can get him stateside to practice, I have no doubt he will consistently place among the top Smashers moving forward. We're excited to have him as a part of our Elevate family!"
Elevate previously sponsored Larry "Larry Lurr" Holland, who left the organization for Misfits at the beginning of the month. According to a spokesperson for the organization, Larry left because his contract expired and he had offers from other organizations, including Misfits.
Mr. R says that he hopes that Elevate will help him secure a visa and move to the United States on a more permanent basis, so he can step up his game even more now that Smash 4 is growing so rapidly.
"I've been looking for a team that could possibly help me with my visa," Mr. R said. "Although nothing is confirmed just yet, Elevate is gonna try and help me move to the States. I'm also good friends with Larry Lurr and thought it would be cool if we were on the same team. Little did I know he decided to leave right as I joined haha."
With the growth of Smash 4, moving to the U.S. could be a very wise move for Mr. R. It would help him set up base near the 2GG Championship Series, a Smash 4 circuit that's set to give out at least $100,000 in prize money this year. However, Mr. R says the scene still has plenty of room to grow, especially in Europe.
"I want the scene over here to be way bigger because we're definitely not there yet," Mr. R told theScore esports. "We're falling behind the USA in terms of content, tournaments, viewership, sponsors and rate of growth. It would be cool to see Smash 4 at Dreamhack this year, that would help the European scene a lot."
Mr. R's first tournament with Elevate will be Genesis 4, set to run this weekend in San Jose, California. Mr. R says he's excited about the tournament, but with so many great players at the event, he's mostly aiming to land in the Top 8 this time around.
"Genesis was one of my favorite tournaments of all time so I am really looking forward to it," Mr. R said. "I have no idea how I'll do since Smash 4 results can be weird sometimes, but I'm confident that if I play well enough I can get at least Top 8."
Daniel Rosen is a news editor for theScore esports. You can follow him on Twitter.
As you very well may know, we are currently running a campaign for federation and privacy. The campaign ends Friday, and we're close to meeting our second milestone. Anything you can do to help us out seriously helps a lot.
But you may wonder… where does your money go? How is your money used? Well, good news! We're revealing our full finances, and I'm giving a full breakdown of how we spent the money we raised in our last campaign. I hope by the end of this post you'll both be well informed about how your money goes to use, and also agree that as in terms of output from your donation, donating to MediaGoblin is a great use of your money!
So, first of all, here's the file. (Update: this file is waived into the public domain under CC0 1.0, so feel free to use/modify as you see fit!) It's plaintext, so you can open this in any text editor, but it's specifically formatted as a ledger file. (We're using some metadata in there which requires using git master as ledger 3 has not been released yet, though if you remove the lines that look like comments embedded in the entries, they should work fine on ledger 2.) Note, this is not the official record of MediaGoblin's expenses/income. The FSF maintains their own books of MediaGoblin… it just so happens that in order to make sure that I am planning things correctly, I currently duplicate their efforts. The file you're getting here is thus my own records. It may not be following standard accounting practices… this is mostly for my planning purposes. :)
Also note that for simplicity's sake, the file I've given only the money raised during last year's campaign and after, prior to this year's campaign starting.
Okay! All that said, let's get on to the finances, right? Let's run a quick command to get the full balance::
$ ledger -f gmg_campaign.ldgr bal $1177.10 Assets:FSF account $50250.90 Expenses $3899.46 Campaign $200.00 Advertisement $440.00 Graphic design $3259.46 Rewards $479.48 Figurines $83.03 Postcards $752.07 Shipping $1620.70 Shirts $324.18 Stickers $40231.36 Development $30481.36 Chris Webber $4500.00 Natalie Foust-Pilcher $5250.00 OPW $5142.80 FSF administration $977.28 Travel $560.45 Chris Webber $416.83 Jessica Tallon $-51428.00 Income $-5000.00 Directed grants $-46428.00 General donations -------------------- 0
Wow, okay! That's a lot of data. Maybe… too much data? If you aren't familiar with double entry accounting or with the ledger command line accounting tool, that might look confusing. Don't worry, we can break this down step by step.
Let's start with income::
$ ledger -f gmg_campaign.ldgr bal ^Income $-51428.00 Income $-5000.00 Directed grants $-46428.00 General donations -------------------- $-51428.00
Why is the income negative? Don't worry, that's normal in double entry accounting, if confusing to newcomers. In double entry accounting, money is never “lost”… it always comes from and goes to someplace. Hence income is negative… the money we're getting is moving initially from these accounts, but since they start at 0, they show up as negative. If it helps, forget there was ever a negative sign there.
As you can see, there are two sub-accounts under income. There's $5000 that we received for a specific grant… this grant is currently in progress and being completed by Natalie Foust-Pilcher. I'll get to that later. The rest of the money ($46428) we got in is labeled “general donations”… this is money we received in the campaign that is more flexible. Note that I don't keep track of each individual donation transaction in the file… the FSF does that. I'm just mirroring the data I'm pulling down from them.
Okay, so that's the money we got. Where did it go? Let's look at our assets (money we have) and expenses (money we spent). For simplicity's sake, we'll keep the data we have restricted to one level deep:
$ ledger -f gmg_campaign.ldgr bal ^Assets ^Expenses --depth=2 $1177.10 Assets:FSF account $50250.90 Expenses $3899.46 Campaign $40231.36 Development $5142.80 FSF administration $977.28 Travel -------------------- $51428.00
(You'll notice the combined amount here is the same number as the income we looked at above, but positive!)
Okay, keeping this at a 2-level-deep structure… this is easy to read. As you can see, we've still got $1177.10 in our account at the FSF as a safety buffer, and we've spent $50250.90 of that.
That might not be easy to really get a grasp on just looking at in text form, so let's see where that money currently is, in pie chart form:
Okay! Now that's a bit easier to read. From the chart it's easy to see that the vast majority of money went toward development itself. Actually, if you combine this with travel (ie, reimbursement for myself and another contributor speaking about MediaGoblin or participating in MediaGoblin hackfests), that's over 80% of the budget right there directly to the most important part of the project… developing the project itself! (We'll come back to the development section in a moment… but first let's get the smaller slices of the chart out of the way.)
As mentioned above, the 2.3% in the “unspent / available section” is the bit we still have in the bank at the FSF. Keep in mind that this is before our current fundraising… we had a small amount left in the bank; not terribly much, but enough to keep a buffer.
Next up there's the 10% “FSF administration” portion of the expenses. The Free Software Foundation is our fiscal sponsor… they handle a number of things for us, including running the infrastructure portion of the campaign. If we had gone with a proprietary crowdfunding system, we may have seen similarly a 5% slice going into the crowdfunding platform hosting overhead. However, as fiscal sponsor the FSF does much more for us than just hosting funding infrastructure; they also help handle employment contracting, sending out tax forms, having financial stewardship that ensures that the money will be used in a way that's in alignment with their mission, tax deductability of donations, processing Bitcoin donations, and promotion of the project. Other things too that I'm missing, I'm sure. So, 10% seems like a big percentage possibly, but they're doing a lot for us (including basically handling our human resources overhead), and if you consider that this money goes to a nonprofit that supports free software… not bad!
So the last of the not-directly-development-related slices is the campaign expenses themselves. Let's focus on those details right now, shall we?
$ ledger -f gmg_campaign.ldgr bal Campaign $3899.46 Expenses:Campaign $200.00 Advertisement $440.00 Graphic design $3259.46 Rewards $479.48 Figurines $83.03 Postcards $752.07 Shipping $1620.70 Shirts $324.18 Stickers -------------------- $3899.46
So, the campaign expenses were 7.6% of the above budget. Of that, the vast majority of the campaign-related clearly went towards the rewards themselves (83.6% of the campaign expenses, but just 6.3% of the actual entire budget). This actually is not bad… I once heard it said that “many crowdfunding people lose their shirts over sending out shirts”, and that thankfully isn't the case here… the vast majority of the money we brought into the project got to go into advancing the project itself. It is a big chunk, but not so big as to take away from the project. But yes, you can see that if you'd prefer to not get the goodies that will increase your impact, but at the cost margin here accepting a reward is still perfectly okay if you'd like to do that! (And we can't blame you, we do have some cool rewards.) Shipping did factor in hugely, especially international shipping, which is very expensive these days… as long as you add to your donation when selecting a reward for international shipping though, that should be okay.
Aside from that, we did put in $200 as an experiment on advertising the campaign on Reddit last year… though we've gotten a lot of our donors from Reddit, I'm afraid I can't say that was cost effective for us (oh well, I guess it's paying back a bit for all the publicity we get from Redditors), and it was only 0.4% of the budget, and a lesson learned. We also paid longtime MediaGoblin contributor and original lead graphic designer of the project Jef van Schendel to do some design for last year's campaign, which thankfully we were able to reuse a good portion of for this year's campaign. Given all that Jef has done for the project, we were more than happy to pay him a bit for this help.
As for travel, mostly I consider this rolled in with the development section, but oh well, we'll give it its own paragraph anyway. The $560.45 was from a bit of traveling I did promote MediaGoblin, and the $416.83 was from Jessica Tallon (our Outreach Program for Women participant and lead on our federation work) joining us at our GNU 30th hackathon. This reimbursement also fulfilled a travel grant requirement for our Outreach Program for Women participation.
Okay, that's all the smaller slices out of the way. On to the big one: development! Note, in this case I don't mean the nonprofit line of “development” which is to say “fundraising” but rather “putting money into the actual development of the project” (whether code or non-code contributions). Anyway:
$ ledger -f gmg_campaign.ldgr bal development $40231.36 Expenses:Development $30481.36 Chris Webber $4500.00 Natalie Foust-Pilcher $5250.00 OPW -------------------- $40231.36
So you may remember earlier when I mentioned that we had a “directed grant” as a $5000 source of income. With 10% going to the FSF, the remaining $4500 goes straight to development… this work is being picked up by Natalie Foust-Pilcher, who is working on this now. (Actually, since the work is still in progress, not all of it has been yet paid, but for the version of the ledger file I am putting up, it's easier to just account for it as paid than to try to explain some sort of accrual accounting transactions or something equally smart.) The project is to improve MediaGoblin's metadata support and make MediaGoblin more for academic environments and archival institutions. Pretty cool!
$5250 goes to our participation in Outreach Program for Women. Last year we had an incredible summer with six great internships (four of them women) between Google Summer of Code and Outreach Program for Women.
There are few things we've done that I am prouder of in MediaGoblin; not only was the output great (this lead to a whole slew of awesome features in 0.5.0, helped kickstart our federation work, introduced us to community member Natalie Foust-Pilcher who is now doing work on our present MediaGoblin-for-archival/academic-institutions, and allowed us to have a massively cost-effective increase in our development productivity, while also expanding our community), I also think it was a morally important thing to do. It did have a personal cost for me… the money spent on Outreach Program for Women effectively came out of my paycheck. But the return on that investment was so great, both productivity-wise and community-wise, that I'm confident in that decision.
So, speaking of my paycheck, let's get to that last item of the budget, which is by far the biggest item, at 59.2% of the budget. $30481.36 of the money we raised went to me, which paid me to do a whole multitude of things: I was lead developer and primary architect of the project, I did lots of code review, I did a bunch of administrative work, I oversaw all those internships both mentoring and meta-mentoring… I wore a lot of hats. I worked hard, taking very very few days off. (Most weeks were 60 hour weeks, and aside from a few family gatherings around holidays and a couple of sick days, I did not even take weekends off really.) If you consider the over a year's worth of dedicated work I put into the project, and then you actually factor in the time it's taken to do each of these fundraising campaigns, that money was my income for day to day work for a year and a half's worth of work. That puts my income from this project at only about 20k USD per year. That's not a lot of money for anyone in the United States (yes, I am spending my own savings to do this), and as a programmer, especially with the experience I've accrued at this time, I could be making a lot more for a lot less work and much less stress. So why do it?
I believe in MediaGoblin, and the work we are trying to do here. Both the software itself, but more than that: the things it stands for of user freedom. We are at a critical time, where many people are paying lip service to the ideas of network freedom, but the actual amount of dedicated work going into it is very low. I think we're at a real crossroads right now… on the one hand, people are aware of issues of network freedom, but on the other hand, that's because things are really bad right now. There's a better internet out there that we want. But someone has to build it. If not us, who? I believe we have the right community, the right skills, and we are well positioned in MediaGoblin to make a real and actual difference.
And we are making a difference. Just look at what the last year has brought us: we got out five major releases, six major projects across those summer internships, not to mention that work on federation has actually begun and is moving forward. And you got me working on the project, at a heavily, heavily discounted price. I'm going to say: dollar for dollar on network freedom development, I don't think you can actually get a better deal than the one you are getting here.
If any or all of that resonates with you, I'm going to ask: please, please donate. We're working hard to reach our second funding milestone, and we're actually very close when you factor in the current 10k matching grant.
We work hard to make good use of any money you donate (and, as you see, even helping you know how that money is used). Anything you can give helps a lot.
The 29-year-old who made a name for herself after starring in Scandinavia's Next Top Model in 2005, was hit by a bus in the city last week.
The star underwent surgery to stop the bleeding in her brain, but doctors at Weill Cornell Medical Center kept her on life support and described her situation as "bleak".
Late on Tuesday night, her family switched off her ventilator.
"I think she knows that we are here and that we are doing the right thing," her father Ronny Moström told the Expressen newspaper.
He added in a text to the paper that her donated organs would likely save five to six lives.
Scandinavia's Next Top Model contestants in 2005. Photo: TV3
The model's accident took place on Roosevelt Island in New York. Anna-Maria Moström had been for coffee with friends and was cycling along a main road when she collided with a bus after it was seen making a sudden left turn.
"Many times she has said that she always lives life to its fullest, because she believed that she may not live as long as everyone else," her father told the newspaper.
"She has talked like that for a long time; it is something that runs in the family. She knew that something would happen before she turned 30".
WASHINGTON -- Two economists at the St. Louis Federal Reserve have published findings that indicate that Wall Street speculation is responsible for 15 percent of the increase in oil prices over the past decade, a finding with significant implications for the recent sharp rise in gas prices.
While politicians have little ability to alter the price swings of commodities like oil, regulators have both the authority and policy tools to do so. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission is responsible for overseeing the financial market for oil. The 2010 Wall Street reform bill gave the CFTC new power to limit excessive speculation, but the rule will not go into effect until later this year.
According to St. Louis Fed economists Luciana Juvenal and Ivan Petrella, speculation in oil markets was the second-biggest factor behind the past decade's price run-up, behind increased global demand for oil, which accounted for 40 percent of the increase.
"Speculation was the second-largest contributor to oil prices and accounted for about 15 percent of the rise," the economists wrote. "The effect that speculation had on oil prices over this period coincides closely with the dramatic rise in commodity index trading -- resulting in concerns voiced by policymakers."
Commodity indexes allow speculators to bet on the price of several commodities at once, and have become very popular investment tools for both Wall Street investment companies and pension funds. Between 2004 and 2008, the total volume of trading activity in commodity indexes jumped from $13 billion to about $260 billion, according to research by Michael Masters, founder of Masters Capital Markets and the financial reform nonprofit Better Markets.
Masters and others have noted that speculation can exaggerate price swings otherwise dictated by fundamental supply-and-demand dynamics, and can also force prices to move contrary to supply-and-demand predictions. During 2008, when oil prices soared to their highest level on record, they did so during a period in which global demand was low and global supply was high -- what should have been a recipe for lower prices.
The most recent Fed study concludes that economic fundamentals are still the primary determinant, saying only that speculation can "exacerbate" price swings.
"Global demand remained the primary driver of oil prices from 2000 to 2009," Juvenal and Petrella wrote. "That said, one cannot completely dismiss a role for speculation in the run-up of oil prices of the past decade. Speculative demand can and did exacerbate the boom-bust cycle in commodity prices. Ultimately, however, fundamentals continue to account for the long-run trend in oil prices."
Screencap of the Colbert Rally Reddit page
In response to the audacity of delusion that was Glenn Beck's Restoring Honor Rally , impassioned Redditors who are fans of Stephen Colbert's commitment to “ Truthiness ” have organized an astonishing financial response to one of his favored charities for the purpose of bribing the anti-pundit into hosting his own contrary rally.
Lots of Filthy Green Stuff for Education
A side effect of this movement has been $226,585 (as of 5PM EST) in less than three days (since the official campaign began on September 13th) going toward teachers and classrooms that need money for supplies and books through a site called DonorsChoose.org. Reddit user nonexcludable chronicles the progress in a recent Reddit post, comparing Restoring Truthiness' tally through DonorsChoose as of yesterday to those of Hillary Clinton's ($29,945.) and Barak Obama's ($160,238).
Donors Choose is a site structured to allow educators to profile projects they want to undertake with their students and detail the supplies they intend to buy with the money while donors can select the projects they wish to support.
A Note From Colbert
Stephen Colbert has acknowledged the massive amount collected in his name through Reddit, sending a message to supporters thanking them and saying:
You have inspired me by helping untold thousands of students; with the momentum you've created, we could stage a hundred rallies. I might just call on you, Redditors – for nothing is more terrifying than tens of thousands of Heroes taking to the streets with the faint odor of bacon wafting behind them. Except for bears, obviously.
One Donor's Take
Gia Sandor aka giasandor is a self described 24-year-old Hispanic woman, married to an infantryman who served in Iraq, a college student and registered Republican who donated to the cause. She says,
“It is incredible to me that what is essentially a grassroots campaign has generated enough interest to merit the acknowledgement of Colbert and the public.
What's great about our mission to Restore Truthiness is that it isn't about an anti-conservative agenda – as a community, we've come together to show that we are not disengaged and apathetic toward the political issues at hand; rather, we are apathetic toward all the BS being flung around out there, conservative or otherwise.
And what better way to demonstrate that we are invested in making our voices heard and effecting change than putting our money where our collective mouth is?”
She notes that the figure is really quite impressive considering there has been no television coverage of the charity effort.
One Teacher's Take
Reddit user Danielle Migler (aka signingelle) is a teacher and regular user of the DonorsChoose.org in Idaho who has had her project to provide graphic novels to her students funded through the charity website. Of her most recent request for assistance she says,
“My project had been up since June, and I'd only had two donors since then. I was $350 short as of yesterday morning.
Before ReddiTruthiness, my experience had been positive. Prior to this, my most quickly-funded project was my Hip-Hop/poetry project. It was picked up by one of the Adam Lambert groups. After that, it took about a week or so to get it fully funded. This was way faster. Not to downplay how great it was that Adam is passionate about DonorsChoose, but the momentum of the ‘hivemind' blew me away.”
What Does This Say to and About the USA?
Perhaps the most interesting thing of all about all this is that instead of inciting violence in the streets or putting anyone down, or belittling civil rights heroes through nauseatingly presumptuous commercials, this groundswell of support for education and a positive cause may be even more attention grabbing and inspiring to those that disagree with much of what the Tea Party stands for. If the media stands up and takes notice of this action in the interest of human potential and education instead of inflammatory, inaccurate statements backed only by emotion, maybe the good guys have a shot here.
Photo (also used as feature image): Brett L.
This move is a necessary one. Even if Colbert doesn't get behind the idea of a rally, in order for reason to prevail, those of us who stand against Beck's delusional agenda are going to have to make ourselves as conspicuous and worthy of press coverage as those members of the Tea Party who make such irresistible fodder for television news have.
If those of us who recognize the obvious leaps in logic and blatant racism that are given credence by the likes of FOX News don't make ourselves an equally loud force to be reckoned with, if we don't panic in these upcoming primaries and flood the polling stations like we did before the last presidential election, we enforce the message of those who are convinced through corporate appeals to their emotions to act against even their own self interests.
Maybe the best way to do that is to make a positive change in the lives of others, fight truth and nail and give it all we've got. Even if the primary goal isn't accomplished (that of having Colbert stage a rally, in case you forgot), at least 61,887 students (as of 5PM EST on September 16, 2010) will be working with new supplies from passionate educators who want to make excitement happen in the classroom. 100% win.
Community Connection
In addition to supporting the cause through your Reddit account, you can follow Truthiness Rally news up-to-the-minute on Facebook.
While the season may not have ended the way many Lions fans had hoped, we can now look forward to the off-season and the crown jewel of that period: the draft. With numerous potential positions to fill on a team poised to take a leap to the next level Detroit needs to have some strong selections if they hope to meet their goals, making this one of the more critical Lions off-seasons in recent history. Luckily the Lions have Bob Quinn calling the shots in their front office as he hopes to provide a concrete direction for a team that hasn't had much consistency really ever in it's long history. The 2017 draft in particular will tell a lot about what Quinn's vision for the team is and the direction he's going to take it for the long term, so strap in and be prepared for some exciting new additions. I have staff writer Cory Hayes and contributor Adam Klepp with me in this pre-Combine addition of the DLP mock draft to profile who we believe the Detroit Lions could be targeting in this years draft. Let's jump into it:
Round 1 (Pick 21)
http://gty.im/487305372
Adam K: Forrest Lamp, OL, Western Kentucky
Cory: Quincy Wilson, CB, Florida
Adam O: Derek Barnett, DE, Tennessee
Detroit has numerous potential needs they can target in the first round of the 2017 draft, and while the most obvious (linebacker) is not present here, these guys all fill clear holes on the squad. Adam K had potentially the most surprising target in Forrest Lamp, the little-known lineman out of Western Kentucky. While he hasn't attracted much of the national attention yet, Lamp has been quietly rising up boards due to his light feet, refined technique, and the versatility to play all five positions on the O-line. On top of this he comes from a zone blocking scheme and is much better suited to playing in the Lions' scheme than some of the other power based guys from last year's roster. While he is probably built best to slide inside to guard due to his short arms, having the versatility to play both inside and outside could become a very important trait with Larry Warford and Riley Reiff both hitting free agency this off-season and only one or the other being likely to return. If Detroit comes to the conclusion that it wants to finalize its offensive line in the 2017 draft, Lamp would be a phenomenal final piece to add that can tie the whole group together and provide needed flexibility that wasn't available to Detroit in the same way when injuries began to hit last year.
Quincy Wilson, the confident cornerback out of Florida, was Cory's pick for the Lions at 21. Despite Nevin Lawson‘s excellent coverage ability last year, he's simply too short to be an effective outside corner in the NFL. Should Wilson fall to the Lions he would serve almost without question as a long-term upgrade. Wilson is one of the top tier corners in this draft, and while he may not have top end speed he more than makes up for that with his physicality off the line and quality size for a cornerback, pushing receivers around all game and letting them know about it. On top of this toughness and desire to lay the wood, a rare trait in a cornerback, Wilson has displayed quality ball skills as well taking calculated risks when he has position and coming down with the interception. While he's still a bit raw and needs to refine his technique, Wilson could form a great long-term pairing with Slay as dueling lock down corners in the Lions' secondary.
I decided to go with Derek Barnett out of Tennessee with my selection to upgrade Detroit's lacking pass rush. Should Barnett fall to the Lions as has been starting to happen in various mock drafts, they would have a hard time finding a reason to not take him. He's one of the most productive defenders to come out of the SEC in decades and has shown the ability to completely take over a game. While he's on the small side for a 4-3 end he is relatively mobile in space and has great play awareness, making him perfect for Teryl Austin's exotic blitz packages. While he certainly has strength to power through blockers his phenomenal hand fighting and technique are his true strong suit. Combined with his tenacious hustle he forces opposing linemen to show up every play as he will capitalize as soon as he gets an edge. He needs to work on making adjustments at top speed to get mobile quarterbacks to the ground but outside of that there are no real flaws to his game. Adding a speed element opposite Ansah combined with a rotation of Hyder, Bryant, and Zettel – all healthy and with another year of development under their belts – the defense would be very fun to watch.
Round 2 (Pick 53)
http://gty.im/630699940
Adam K: Obi Melifonwu, SS, Connecticut
Cory: Demarcus Walker, DE, Florida St
Adam O: Tre'davious White, CB, LSU
The second round of the 2017 draft has some real substance to it and you can effectively fill several spots even sitting outside the top 50. I went with cornerback Tre'davious White as my pick, one of the stickiest cover guys in the draft. While his value may skyrocket past this position with a good combine, White is just one of many great potential corners that could slide to the mid/late second round due to the depth of talent in this class. He's not very physical with receivers, but he can out jump and out position them on a regular basis, showing that he can go toe to toe against top talent on numerous occasions. With some refinement in his technique he might make for one of the best corner pairings in the league with Slay.
Adam K decided to go with Obi Melifonwu out of UConn which would be an absolute steal in this position. A massive 6'4, 220 lb safety, Melifonwu is bigger than Kam Chancellor with the athleticism and cover skills of a half decent cornerback. He is a phenomenal downhill tackler that can make big plays if he's in the right place, but has issues with actually getting in the right place. Certainly he's raw with regard to his football IQ but if you can fix that the sky is the limit on what he can do at the next level. I would believe that after he shows up to the combine his stock is going to fly into the first round but I will gladly go with Adam's optimism here.
Finally Cory has Detroit selecting defensive end DeMarcus Walker at 53. Walker was a very productive player for Florida State, illustrating that he knows how to use his size well with strong technique and play recognition. He has a great power move, and follows through with heavy tackling that generally brings players down without help. Despite this though there are some issues with his transition to the NFL, namely that he's a huge tweener with an odd body type. While the Lions will view him as a strong side defensive end in this spot, he will definitely have to lose some weight to stick there and his poor motor and slow feet for the outside might lend itself better as a 3-4 end or three tech. It's a major boom or bust selection here.
Round 3 (Pick 85)
Adam K: Jordan Leggett, TE, Clemson
Cory: Eddie Jackson, FS, Alabama
Adam O: Anthony Walker, MLB, Northwestern
In the third round there are still a few guys that can become really good starters in the mix at lower value positions while you can start to take chances on some riskier or developmental options. Cory looked to add a future behind Glover Quinn with Eddie Jackson out of Alabama. Jackson is a phenomenal over the top safety who would have probably been much higher in this draft if he didn't break his leg in October. He's a rangy ball-hawking safety with quality hands and the ability to make teams pay for being careless with the football. He's returned several picks for touchdowns and was a quality return man for Alabama on top of being a strong cover safety. I believe his injury history should push him further down a lot of teams boards but he's not out of question in the mid-late third.
My selection for the 85th pick was middle linebacker Anthony Walker out of Northwestern. Heading into the season I had Walker as a first round option for Detroit, however his value has sagged significantly after a poor season caused primarily by some poorly advised weight gain. If he drops back down to 235 lbs, Walker has sideline to sideline speed combined with one of the highest football IQ's in this draft, above average cover skills, and quality leadership ability. I believe he would be under the radar value at this pick if you get the guy from two years ago as opposed to the player that showed up last season.
Adam K looked to address the tight end position with Jordan Leggett out of Clemson. Leggett has ideal size and potential, with elite receiving ability combined with quality blocking skill, providing a nice complement for Ebron going forward. The primary issue Leggett presents though is effort. If he shows up he will be a phenomenal in-line tight end for Detroit, however if he does not his blocking falls off and he has been known to break off routes early on occasion. Calling himself lazy openly is a concern that can hopefully be turned around at the next level, but outside of that he is a great prospect that offers everything the Lions need at the tight end position and more.
Watch out for day three's picks tomorrow!
Thanks for reading! Check out our Reddit community to discuss this and all things Lions! The contributors to this article can be found on Twitter as @adam_ostermeier, @adamxklepp and @CHayes95.
This is a General Motors factory -- in China. (Reuters)
If President Obama's budget is a message to the world about what he'd like to see happen over the next year, Republicans aren't his only audience — he's talking to Democrats, too. And if there's one thing he disagrees with congressional Democrats on most right now, it's trade.
Specifically, Obama wants the power — known as trade promotion authority, or “fast track” — to bring Congress an already-negotiated agreement for an up-or-down vote. Congress has to grant that power, and right now some lawmakers are balking, nervous that Obama is about to sign a massive agreement with Pacific Rim countries that could make it even easier for American companies to move production overseas. Obama made the case personally to congressional Democrats at their issues retreat last week in Philadelphia, with indeterminate results.
But the president has some bargaining chips. One of them is trade adjustment assistance (TAA), the half-century-old program that compensates people who lose their jobs because of trade liberalization. Historically, it has been a way for free-traders to gain the consent of those whose constituents get shafted when trade barriers fall. This time around, it looks as though the White House may be trying to use it in the same way, in an attempt to pass the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement once negotiations conclude.
Buried deep in the president's budget is a paragraph that backs a proposal put forth by Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), the Senate's most outspoken advocate of trade adjustment assistance, that would boost funding for the program to the level it was before Congress allowed it to lapse in 2014. If adopted — which is as unlikely as any of the president's bolder requests — the plan would cost $986 million, up from $658 million in fiscal 2015.
[RELATED: Obama's shift from ‘mindless austerity' derided by GOP as ‘envy economics']
That could amount to a substantial gift for the individuals and communities hit the hardest by trade deals. But would it be enough to entice nervous democrats to get behind trade promotion authority?
Not likely, says Lori Wallach, who serves as a muse to the trade-skeptic progressive caucus from her perch at Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch. The size of a TAA package, she thinks, is beside the point. In fact, the bigger it is, the plainer the admission that trade liberalization has had starkly negative effects.
"TAA is like burial insurance. The thing to do, in the first place, is avoided dying,” Wallach says. "The members of Congress who are against fast track and against the TPP are not going to switch positions because of a robust TAA program. They're looking for a different kind of trade policy, so you don't have so many losers that need a safety net.” In other words, a generous TAA budget line is table stakes for those already inclined to support the White House trade agenda, but not enough to entice many who aren't.
Separate and apart from its importance in leveraging support for a trade agreement, of course, is a more important question: Does trade adjustment assistance even help the people it's supposed to?
The program has been the subject of debate in wonky circles over the years, with conservative groups such as the Heritage Foundation and the Cato Institute arguing that it's a waste of money, especially as funding levels rose rapidly through the 2000s. People who lose jobs or business to overseas companies aren't more deserving of help than those affected by other economic trends, such as automation or technological disruption, they say. (That's also why it's possible that a large TAA package could be a wash for the president strategically — he might lose conservative votes even as he gains liberal ones.)
Generally speaking, though, the evidence on effectiveness of TAA is mixed.
Here's how the program works: If it's pretty clear that your workplace has been shuttered and the company reopened it in some country with which the United States has a free trade agreement, you can apply for assistance. There are different pots of money for businesses, farmers and individuals, and it's used as supplementary unemployment insurance and for re-training expenses. As part of the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, TAA was reauthorized and expanded to include service-sector and public-sector jobs, as well as communities adversely affected by trade — a reflection of globalization's ballooning impact. (That expansion provision ended at the end of 2013.)
The assistance for businesses is intended to put them on more solid ground in the face of stiff import competition, and the Government Accountability Office found that it did help them raise sales slightly (although the total amount of assistance available is tiny, at only about $16 million per year).
For workers, a 2008 study by researchers from American University found that the retraining assistance did help people find new jobs — but they were at much lower wages than their previous positions. A 2012 cost-benefit evaluation commissioned by the Department of Labor found a net cost to society of $53,802 for each person who enrolled in the program between November 2005 and October 2006.
Here's the problem with TAA, no matter how well-designed and funded: Even if you retrain someone, what jobs are you retraining them for? The lost manufacturing jobs paid well for someone with a high school education, and the jobs that have been created in the interim are either service jobs that pay a lot less, or highly skilled jobs in urban centers that are just too far out of reach.
“I think the more people you can get in the training part, the better off they are,” says Kara Reynolds, an American University economics professor who did the 2008 study. "But when you look at the places where the beneficiaries are, a lot of them are small towns where there aren't a lot of options.”
That's why a generous trade adjustment assistance package probably won't buy many votes: Even if trade deals have a net positive effect on the American economy, for those on the losing end of the equation, there's no way to fully recover.
Image caption The deal would benefit many poor landless farmers
The government of Colombia and left-wing Farc rebels have agreed on land reform, after more than six months of peace talks.
"This agreement will be the start of a radical transformation of rural Colombia," read a joint statement.
The deal calls for the economic and social development of rural areas and providing land to poor farmers.
Land reform is one of the most contentious issues in the talks on ending five decades of conflict.
"Today we have a real opportunity to attain peace through dialogue,'' said the Colombian government's chief negotiator, Humberto de la Calle.
"To support this process is to believe in Colombia," he told journalists at the talks in the Cuban capital, Havana.
Long way to peace
The Farc, Colombia's largest guerrilla group, has been in talks with the government on the Caribbean island since last November.
Farc chief negotiator Ivan Marquez said several issues remained unresolved and would be dealt with in later discussions.
Six points on peace agenda Land reform
Political participation
Disarmament
Illicit drugs
Rights of the victims
Peace deal implementation Q&A: Colombia peace talks
"We have advanced in the construction of an accord that will necessarily be checked over before the completion of the final agreement."
The talks in Cuba are the fourth attempt to reach a negotiated settlement of the conflict, the longest-running in Latin America.
Sunday's agreement calls for fair access to land, and rural development - two key causes of the armed conflict.
It also calls for the creation of a land bank, as a way to reallocate land, including areas seized illegally during the fighting.
Analysts and aid groups say much of it was taken by far-right paramilitary groups on behalf of cattle ranchers and drug traffickers.
The government, however, blames at least a third of the seizures on the Farc - a claim the rebels deny.
'Encouraging development'
The agreement marks a significant step forward in the peace process, says the BBC's Sarah Rainsford in Cuba.
At the talks This is the first, significant milestone in the peace talks and a welcome advance for the Colombian government which initiated the process. Rural reform was always going to be a tough issue, so closely entwined with the causes of the conflict. But there was pressure to show results after six months of discussion. So the teams worked late over the last few days, hammering out the deal. Precise details have not been disclosed. Neither side took questions from journalists. Colombia's government wants to minimise outside pressure during the process, keen to avoid the fate of previous, failed talks: it argues that any final peace agreement will be put to a referendum. But the agreement centres around "fair access" to land. Those closely involved say land will be reclaimed from those who seized it illegally and reallocated via a 'land bank' along with areas currently underused. The government's chief negotiator stressed that "legal landowners have nothing to fear".
Peace talks will resume on 11 June on the second major issue - the rebels' participation in politics.
After Sunday's agreement was announced, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said on Twitter: "We celebrate, really, this fundamental step in Havana... to end half a century of conflict.
"We will continue the (peace) process with care and responsibility."
Mr Santos previously said he wanted the talks to end this year.
But both parties have stressed that nothing is finalised until a complete peace accord is reached.
The Farc originally set out to overthrow the government and install a Marxist regime, but in recent years the rebels have become increasingly involved in the drug trade to finance their campaign.
According to the United Nations, Colombia is the top producer of coca leaf, the raw material for making cocaine.
Much of the illicit drug goes to the United States, and the Andean country has been for more than a decade a major recipient of US counter-narcotics aid through the so-called Plan Colombia.
On Monday, US Vice President Joe Biden is expected to meet Mr Santos as part of an official visit to Bogota that is centred on drugs, security and trade.
"It is an encouraging development that these negotiations will lead to the end of the conflict in Colombia," said US Ambassador to Colombia, Michael McKinley, ahead of Mr Biden's visit.
It is difficult to find reliable statistics on how many people died from the violence in Colombia.
Hundreds of thousands of people have been killed since the conflict began in the 1960s, with some three million more internally displaced by the fighting.
The Farc is thought to have some 8,000 fighters, down from about 16,000 in 2001.
You probably think that Donald Trump has received the most negative press coverage since announcing his campaign for president last summer, but that's not right. In fact, it is Hillary Clinton to whom that honor belongs. Between Benghazi, her emails, the whole barking thing, and her social media gaffes, the woman has been racking up the negativity.
A new analysis of the Washington Post, Politico, Fox News, the Huffington Post, and CNN has now proven it, and Vox reported on it, saying this of the company that ran the analysis:
Crimson Hexagon then took more than 170,000 posts by these outlets — stories published from January 1, 2015, until close to today — and ran them through their “auto-sentiment” tool. The software scans tens of thousands of stories within minutes for positive or negative language, sorts them into separate buckets, and tallies up the results.
Vox proposed that Clinton being hammered by the media is indicative of the media's generally favorable view of her chances at the presidency. Check out the graph over at their site and then let us know what you think of that theory.
[image via screengrab]
For more from Lindsey, follow her on Twitter.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Director: Shunya Ito
Story: Toru Shinohara
Writer: Fumio Konami, Hiro Matsuda
Cast: Meiko Kaji, Rie Yokoyama, Yayoi Watanabe, Yōko Mihara, Akemi Negishi, Keiko Kuni, Yumiko Katayama, Emi Jo, Isao Natsuyagi, Fumio Watanabe
Running Time: 87 min.
By Kyle Warner
Almost every ambitious leading man or lady is on the lookout for that iconic role that will shoot them to superstardom, netting them a legion of fans and hopefully a mountain of cash. Roles that earn awards can prove your worth as a great actor but it's often the iconic, larger-than-life characters that make one a star. One concern, however, is that the signature role will come too early in an actor's career, thus casting a shadow over everything else that follows. David Duchovny still hasn't managed to escape Fox Mulder's shadow, for example. And the same can probably be said for Meiko Kaji, who in her mid-twenties was cast in the role of Scorpion, a vengeful antihero that best utilized Kaji's natural acting talents and sex appeal. The role of ‘Matsu the Scorpion' became something of a pop culture icon, with the long black hair, the dark trench coat, and the floppy, lopsided hat that could obscure much of the woman's face when worn a certain way. Not only would Kaji revisit the signature look in other roles and tap into the same fury in other performances, the character also spawned sequels and remakes that were made without Kaji's involvement. (‘Miss Scorpion' was also the crossdressing disguise of the hero in Sion Sono's weird masterpiece Love Exposure.) The shadow of Scorpion loomed large, and with the exception of the fantastic Lady Snowblood films which were made at roughly the same time as the Scorpion series, Kaji never really found another role quite as popular as the one she first brought to life in 1972.
Based on a comic book, Female Prisoner #701: Scorpion was a project long in development before first-time director Shunya Ito (Gray Sunset) put it to film. With its prison setting, the studio supposedly imagined it to be the female-led version of their popular Abashiri Prison series, but director Ito brought a fever dream vision to the film, making it equal parts crime movie, exploitation skin flick, and rage-filled horror story. Meiko Kaji herself sings over the opening credits as a parade of nude women walk through the prison while the guards watch for hidden weapons or contraband. Kaji's song is one of betrayal, telling the tale of an ordinary young woman who was used by a man and thrown away. Kaji's character Nami Matsushima loved a narcotics cop, but he allowed her to be raped by a group of men just so that he could catch them unawares and make his drug bust. Matsushima soon confronts the cop, not even taking the time to change out of her torn clothes, and attempts to stab him to death on the steps of the police station. Her attack fails, the cop survives, and Matsushima is sent to prison for attempted murder.
The prison is a hellhole. The film is sure to make it clear at the beginning that the prison is in no way based on truth, and that's all well and good but the vision presented here is ugly, demeaning, and despicable. Women are raped, beaten, and starved. Matsushima slowly changes from the normal, brokenhearted girl to a monster hell-bent on revenge. Guards and cruel gangs try to put Matsushima in her place but she takes it all and dishes out some of her own in return, earning the reputation of a dangerous loner behind bars with the nickname of Scorpion. When the dirty cop learns that Matsushima still represents a problem for him, he decides to hire one of the inmates to off his former girlfriend, and that's when things really get messy.
I'd seen Female Prisoner #701: Scorpion once before. My opinion of it then was that it was an ugly, misogynistic film which happened to feature a startling performance by Meiko Kaji at the center of it. Watching it again, I still think it's a nasty piece of work, and some of the violence against women is reprehensible, but it's also not quite as shocking as I remember it. Maybe the shock is in the first punch, not the second. Or maybe it's just that Scorpion was one of my first introductions to the dark-edged exploitation films of Japan. A different time and a different culture resulted in some very dark movies that still shock and disturb all these decades later. As a fan of Japanese cinema, I must say that their exploitation genre is not a favorite of mine. But I recognize Female Prisoner #701: Scorpion as a classic of the genre anyway and that's in large part thanks to the dramatic work of Meiko Kaji.
As Matsu the Scorpion, Meiko Kaji barely says a word for much of the film. She is the embodiment of rage and works with one hell of an intense glare. Seriously, I'd rather face Sonny Chiba's fists than Meiko Kaji's angry glare any day. And it's because of her performance and her character that the movie is more than just a nasty story full of inhumane treatment and misogyny. Occasionally I have issues with tales of revenge because, well, it's difficult for me to root for a murderer for 2 hours straight even if I sympathize with their motivations to an extent. In the case of Matsushima, though, holllllly shit everyone deserves exactly what they have coming to them. Matsu the Scorpion bides her time, waits for the opportune moment, and then begins crossing off her opponents. Everything can be grueling to endure up until that point, but when a villain gets hanged from the roof of a skyscraper, I'd be lying if I said I didn't take some enjoyment in seeing justice served in a most brutal fashion.
The original four Female Prisoner Scorpion series arrives on Blu-ray and DVD in an 8-disc box set from Arrow Video. Each film is on its own disc and comes with new and archival special features. For the first film, we get a 2006 interview with director Shunya Ito, plus two new interviews, one with assistant director Yutaka Kohira and one with filmmaker and Scorpion fan Gareth Evans (The Raid, The Raid 2). All interviews are enjoyable and informative, though each contain spoilers (and not just for the first film), so choose when to watch them with care. The Shunya Ito interview has the director looking back on how he'd fought to rise up from being an assistant director to making his feature directorial debut with Female Prisoner #701: Scorpion and his artistic intentions with the film. Yutaka Kohira would later direct New Female Prisoner Scorpion: #701 starring Yumi Takigawa as Matsu the Scorpion, but his interview is mostly about his time working on the original four films as assistant director. It's a funny, honest interview where he shares his memories of Meiko Kaji getting angry about her nudity and how the assistant director had originally shown disrespect to Yasuharu Hasebe (Sex Hunter) when Hasebe took Ito's place as the director of the fourth Scorpion film. Gareth Evans' appreciation of the film shares some of my personal reservations; basically that it's a cool and stylish movie but the treatment of women is indefensible at times. Evans also speaks on how he was inspired by some of the film's visual style and is a big fan of the antihero's dark origin story. All interviews are definitely worth a look.
Female Prisoner #701: Scorpion is the tale of evil men in positions of power who meet their match at the hands of a scorned woman with a glare that could stop a raging bull in its tracks. Though Scorpion is trashier than I typically like my movies, I must acknowledge a well-made film when I see one. A dark story of revenge told with wild visuals, the Scorpion series continues to influence films today and should appeal to fans of directors like Takashi Miike, Quentin Tarantino, Seijun Suzuki, and Sion Sono.
Kyle Warner's Rating: 7/10
Haiti - Agriculture : The country hit by the worst drought in 35 years !
Since the beginning of 2015, Haiti faces the worst drought in the last 35 years, reports the National Coordination for Food Security (CNSA). The phenomenon "El Niño", which began in early 2015, one of the strongest ever recorded, could persist in 2016 and have an impact on food security in Haiti.
This drought has resulted in considerable losses of crops and reduced availability of local food on markets, combined with a dramatic increase prices of these. Furthermore, significant water shortages were reported in the most affected departments (West, Central, South and Southeast). Agricultural losses amounted to over 50% (70% in some areas) compared to normal on the spring campaign of 2015, which represents nearly 60% of the annual production of the country.
"If it does not rain before the 2016 harvest, it will mean that many farmers will lose their third consecutive harvest and can not meet the needs of their families," said Wendy Bigham, Deputy Director of the World Food Programme WFP in Haiti "We have to help them cover their immediate needs while helping them build their resilience. "
According to CNSA, 3.6 million Haitians are currently in a situation of severe food insecurity and 200,000 (or 40,000 families) in extremely food emergency. With the persistence of El Niño, and if nothing is done by July 2016, food insecurity could affect about 5 million people (half of the Haitian population).
In addition, for the 5 departments affected by drought, it is expected about 76,000 children suffering from acute malnutrition, including 37,500 with severe acute malnutrition. A situation that could worsen if the necessary measures are not taken in the short and long term.
In response to this alarming situation, the CNSA has drawn up an emergency response plan for the fight against hunger and save the crop of spring 2016. An amount of 2 billion gourdes is necessary to meet the urgent needs among others of 40,000 families living in the 20 communes in situations of acute food insecurity and ensure the nutritional management of target groups in the affected areas.
For its part, based on its new studies, WFP will intensify its emergency operation to meet the immediate needs of 1 million people in a situation of severe food insecurity by making money transfers as well as distributing food rations.
These immediate distributions will be complemented by programs of "Money for Work", where 200,000 people will receive money in exchange for their work on water management projects or soil conservation set up to promote the development at long term. WFP has already implemented of projects "Working against money" for more than 30,000 people in the areas most affected by drought.
HL/ HaitiLibre
Formerly of Bergdorf Goodman, style consultant Nick Wooster may be best known these days as a street style demigod. We asked him to talk to us about his favorite black T-shirts.
Not all black T-shirts are created equal. The one I find myself coming back to the most — because of the weight of the fabric, the dimensions, the chest measurement, the length of the hem — is the J.Crew slim broken-in pocket tee. It's really the perfect all-around T-shirt because I can wear it to work out, I can wear it under a jacket, I can wear it on its own — and it's comfortable enough to sleep in. It checks all the boxes of what a T-shirt should do.
There's something really perfect about the shirt's fit. The sleeve really grabs my bicep (I feel like that's a fit issue that every guy could take to heart). I prefer a T-shirt that's a little more fitted around the arm and looser around the body, which this is. Don't be scared by the name. J.Crew calls it slim, but it's not Saint Laurent slim, though it's slimmer than a Hanes. It's not too tight, but it's not oversized either — it's that right-in-the-middle fit. I love the pocket because it's just that extra little detail. It's that detail that helps make it more complete.
Finally, the weight of the fabric just covers everything. You know when you're having a fat day versus when you're not? This shirt is still flattering on a fat day.
This probably wasn't her best decision.
According to BuzzFeed, 22-year-old Alicia Ann Lynch instantly began taking heat online after posting a photo of her Boston Marathon bombing victim costumes.
After the photo went viral, people on the Internet began criticizing Lynch via Twitter and other social media outlets. However, things were just getting started.
The internet rage spun out of control as Twitter users took out their anger at Lynch by contacting her family. They also circulated nude pictures and videos of her found on Tumblr.
Lynch was forced to delete all of her social media accounts but later logged on to Twitter, apologized and asked people to leave her family alone. Her account has since been suspended.
Lynch also claimed that she was fired from her job because of the costume. She also said she is receiving death threats.
Credit: Tim Pool/Twitter An unidentified man was injured after shouting "Yeah Trump!" while leaving the candidate's rally in San Jose.
Several Donald Trump supporters were attacked outside a rally for the presumptive GOP nominee in San Jose, California, on Thursday night. In a video clip posted to Twitter, Fusion reporter Tim Pool spoke with a man who said he yelled, "Yeah Trump!" after leaving the event. The video shows someone swinging what appears to be a shopping bag containing something heavy, then flashes forward to show the side of the man's head bleeding and his shirt spattered with blood. Other reporters wrote of fist fights breaking out between factions of Trump supporters and Trump protesters.
NOW: #Trump supporter attacked and left bleeding in San Jose pic.twitter.com/kC2GVz9JcZ — Tim Pool (@Timcast) June 3, 2016
"I was walking out with a Trump sign and he grabbed my Trump sign and started following me, saying I was a racist and stuff," the man in Pool's video said. A reporter then asks if he said anything to provoke the assailant. "I was just like 'Yeah Trump, Trump!" the man said. Pool, who was outside the rally, uploaded several videos to Twitter showing an increasingly large crowd of protestors. Another clip shows police in riot gear lined up to secure a path for Trump supporters to enter the event.
#Trump protest is heating up, police form line to separate attendees as they enter. pic.twitter.com/alquV593JJ — Tim Pool (@Timcast) June 3, 2016
Raw video: Punches thrown in clashes following @realDonaldTrump rally in San Jose. pic.twitter.com/U4d7vSbkf2 — M. Scott Mahaskey (@smahaskey) June 3, 2016
One Trump supporter was cornered and was targeted with eggs and bottles, according to NBC News reporter Jacob Rascon.
Woman who supports Trump surrounded by protesters, who taunt her, then throw eggs and bottles at her. pic.twitter.com/nHJ3cgYOfR — Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016
Also on HuffPost  Donald Trump's Potential Supreme Court Justices  Donald Trump's Potential Supreme Court Justices  



  1 of 12  Allison H. Eid The Colorado Supreme Court Justice Allison H. Eid hears arguments in the new courtroom for the first time at the Ralph L. Carr Colorado Judicial Complex in downtown Denver, Colorado January 23, 2013. ( Share this slide: 



 Joe Amon via Getty Images
NEW YORK/HOUSTON In a corner of the prolific Bakken shale play in North Dakota, oil companies can now pump crude at a price almost as low as that enjoyed by OPEC giants Iran and Iraq.
Pumpjacks and other infrastructure for producing oil dot fields outside of Watford City, North Dakota, U.S. on January 21, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen/File Photo
Until a few years ago it was unprofitable to produce oil from shale in the United States. The steep slide in costs could encourage more U.S. shale output if OPEC members cut supplies, undermining the producer group's ability to boost prices. OPEC ministers meet Wednesday to weigh output cuts to end a two-year glut that has pressured global oil prices.
In shale fields from Texas to North Dakota, production costs have roughly halved since 2014, when Saudi Arabia signaled an output free-for-all in an attempt to drive higher-cost shale producers out of the market.
Rather than killing the U.S. shale industry, the ensuing two-year price war made shale a stronger rival, even in the current low-price environment.
In Dunn County, North Dakota, there are around 2,000 square miles where the cost to produce Bakken shale is $15 a barrel and falling, according to Lynn Helms, head of the state's Department of Mineral Resources.
“The success in Dunn County has been fantastic,” said Ron Ness, president of the North Dakota Petroleum Council.
Dunn County's cost is about the same as Iran's, and a little higher than Iraq's. Dunn County produces about 200,000 barrels of oil a day, about a fifth of daily production in the state.
It is North Dakota's sweet spot because it boasts the lowest costs in the state, yet improved technology and drilling techniques have boosted efficiency for the whole state and the entire U.S. oil industry.
The breakeven cost per barrel, on average, to produce Bakken shale at the wellhead has fallen to $29.44 in 2016 from $59.03 in 2014, according to consultancy Rystad Energy. It added that in terms of wellhead prices, Bakken is the most competitive of major U.S. shale plays.
Wood Mackenzie said technology advances should further reduce breakeven points.
Landlocked Bakken producers still need a substantially higher international price than their breakeven cost to make a profit, since they pay more to transport crude to market than producers in most other U.S. regions.
International oil prices of $45 a barrel are enough for some Bakken producers to profit, Ness said, and $55 would encourage production growth.
Benchmark Brent prices plummeted from nearly $116 a barrel in mid-2014 to just $27 earlier this year. Prices have since recovered to nearly $46. That is still too low for members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, whose state budgets depend on petrodollar revenues that plummeted during the price war.
For OPEC ministers meeting in Vienna on Wednesday, a major concern is that an output cut would encourage a quick response from U.S. shale producers, who have slashed costs and have been steadily adding drilling rigs.
“Right now, OPEC understands we're in a push-and-pull experiment with the United States,” said Michael Tran, director of energy strategy at RBC Capital Markets in New York.
“Two years ago, we thought prices hovering around $50 to $60 meant that non-OPEC production growth would end. But U.S. production came back stronger.”
In a recent earnings call, Hess Corp said it has improved its cost performance in the Bakken, with well costs falling and initial production rates rising, though it did not give more details.
“Everybody is drilling wells faster and completing them better,” said Mike Breard, an energy stock analyst at Hodges Capital Management in Dallas. “It's not just a Bakken phenomenon.”
Breard said he prefers shale stocks in the Permian basin in Texas, where he is expecting more big gains in production next year. He is eyeing firms such as Parsley Energy Inc, Ring Energy Inc and Matador Resources Co.
Oil companies are already investing big money to benefit from shale's resurgence. Tesoro Corp recently snapped up Western Refining Inc in a $4 billion deal to bulk up its exposure in Texas.
Separately, trading firm Castleton Commodities International LLC bought more than $1 billion in assets from Anadarko Petroleum Corp to increase its stake in East Texas.
Occidental Petroleum Corp's top executive recently said that company has enjoyed steady improvement in well productivity and lower drilling and completion costs in the Permian Basin.
“Simply put, we can deliver more production with fewer wells,” Vicki Hollub, the company's president and chief executive, told analysts on a recent call.
0 of 16
Michael Dwyer
The NHL's Sweet 16 are set. The best time of the year is here: the Stanley Cup playoffs.
This spring figures to be a great one. We have tradition (five of the Original Six teams are in—sorry Toronto), and we have some refreshing new faces (hello again, Colorado and Dallas). We have the defending Stanley Cup champs (Chicago) and the runner-up (Boston) back after good seasons again.
We have everything we need for two months of nightly fun. Sudden-death, hold-your-breath overtime games no doubt will grip the fanbases of most, if not all, teams. We'll see bearded men play in pain. We'll see them play with pressure at its highest.
There's nothing like playoff hockey. Every bounce of that little rubber disc takes with it the nerves of each team's fans. If you have a team in the playoffs, you might as well stock up on the antacids now. Remember, though, it's just a game. (Right.)
The following is a look at the strengths and weaknesses of all 16 teams. May your team be proved to have many more of the former than the latter when the playoffs (and your beard) have stopped.
Trump went to Puerto Rico and told hurricane victims there that they were inconvenient since the disaster that left them without potable water or electricity (nearly half still lack it) had put a crimp in the GOP budget.
It later emerged that the GOP budget is a large-scale embezzlement scheme to move $1.5 trillion out of middle class bank accounts and into the hands of billionaires, leaving the government too bankrupt to provide essential services.
Meanwhile, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT), and a handful of other colleagues have introduced a bill to extend $146 billion to Puerto Rico to properly rebuild and do debt forgiveness (PR has $70 bn in debt), calling it a “Marshall Plan” for the islands. The bill contains provisions for implementing renewable energy in the islands. The Marshall Plan was the US economic boost to Europe after WW II, aimed at lifting it out of the grinding poverty caused by four years of total war. It worked.
In contrast, Sander's bill will likely never get reported out of committee to be considered in the GOP-controlled senate.
Sanders's site says that the legislation is intended to ensure that Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands “not only recover, but are able to rebuild in a way that empowers them to thrive.” Kamala Harris, Corey Booker, Richard Blumenthal, Kirsten Gillibrand and Elizabeth Warren are co-sponsors.
The legislation involves forgiveness for a major chunk of Puerto Rico's $70 bn in debt, which impedes its recovery.
Sanders said:
“It is unconscionable that in the wealthiest nation in the world we have allowed our fellow citizens to suffer for so long. The full resources of the United States must be brought to bear on this crisis, for as long as is necessary. But we cannot simply rebuild Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands the way they were. We must go forward to create a strong, sustainable economy and energy system in both territories and address inequities in federal law that have allowed the territories to fall behind in almost every measurable social and economic criteria.”
One of the bill's major emphases is
Resilient and Renewable Energy: Instead of simply rebuilding an antiquated, centralized and inefficient system dependent on imported fossil fuels, the bill ensures the electric grids will be rebuilt to be more renewable and resilient, to provide less expensive electricity and create local jobs.
It also addresses health insurance and health care, as well as education and infrastructure.
Gillibrand said, “The people of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands suffered one of the worst disasters our country has ever experienced, and Congress has done the minimum expected of us. Congress must rise to the occasion and implement this new Marshall Plan to help our fellow American citizens rebuild and recover. We must all pledge to stand with these families until the islands are rebuilt and fully back on their feet.”
There will also be a version of the bill worked up for the House of Representatives, but it is doubtful it will get to be voted on.
The renewables component of the bill is important, and is one area where activists are already trying to help, such as renewables energy consultant Peter Reese of Minnesota.
The Twin Cities Frontier reports that Reese said, “I think we get caught in an either-or mindset: ‘You're not going to be able to replace all of Puerto Rico's grid with solar, so don't try.' Well, there are places where repairing a traditional power plant makes sense. But where that's been devastated … solar can do it cheaper and faster. If the hurricanes took your transmission lines and knocked the whole thing over, you've got to start from scratch anyway. You've got to bring in the poles and you've got to bring in the wires.”
Other activists are raising money to put solar installations into 100 towns in Puerto Rico.
Walter Meyer, a former Obama administration adviser on resiliency, said, according to WNYC, “The reason everyone is excited about solar in Puerto Rico right now is it's the first time there has been a chance to reboot at the scale of a state. It's at the scale of Connecticut . . . We're talking two years from now, Puerto Rico can be 100 percent renewable with the amount of actors and agents that are coming into this space including all the battery manufacturers.”
So there are Federal government plans and there are local private and public plans. My money is on the local private and public plans.
Trump is only asking Congress for $29 bn for disaster relief and rebuilding in all of Texas, Florida and New Jersey.
———–
Related video:
WWLTV: “Help for Puerto Rico with solar puff lights”
The United Nations' top climate bureaucrat says there's no “hiatus” in global warming, making obvious effort to completely ignore satellite records showing there's been no statistically significant warming for the last two decades.
“There is no hiatus,” Hoesung Lee, a South Korean economist who became chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in October, told Reuters.
Lee doubled-down on arguments there's been no prolonged “hiatus” in global warming, referring to the 10 to 20-year period present in surface and temperature datasets. Earlier this year, U.S. scientists claimed new adjustments made to sea surface temperature readings eliminated the “hiatus” from the global temperature record.
“Multiple lines of evidence suggest that the earth is warming,” Lee said, going on to completely omit satellite data. “For instance, the atmospheric concentration of CO2 is rising, sea levels have been rising and the temperature of the ocean has also been rising.”
“The important point is we need to look at the trend, not just one year of data,” he added.
There's just one problem: satellite datasets show there's been no warming for about two decades.
Satellite data from the University of Alabama, Huntsville shows there's been no statistically significant global warming since 1994 — ironically, the same year then-Vice President Al Gore touted satellites proved he was right about the world undergoing dangerous warming.
Remote Sensing Systems satellite data shows there's been no warming for 18 years and 9 months.
Lee told Reuters there was no “hiatus” in global warming while attending the U.N.'s climate summit in Paris where delegates are expected to sign onto a successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol.
Expectations are high for the summit, and world leaders are claiming this is their “last chance” to save the world from catastrophic warming.
“For I believe, in the words of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., that there is such a thing as being too late. And when it comes to climate change, that hour is almost upon us,” Obama said in his Paris speech this week.
Follow Michael on Facebook and Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
A Russian gold medallist said Tuesday she was insulted by media claims that she had kissed a fellow female athlete on the lips in defiance of the country's new anti-gay law. Ksenia Ryzhova and Yulia Gushchina (pictured) won gold in the 400m relay.
ADVERTISING Read more
A Russian gold medalist from the Moscow World Athletics Championships on Tuesday said she was insulted by media claims that she had kissed a fellow female athlete on the lips in defiance of Russia's new law against gay “propaganda”.
Ksenia Ryzhova and Yulia Gushchina, members of Russia's victorious 4x400 women's relay team that provided one of the great moments of the championships, kissed each other on the podium after receiving their gold medals.
Some activists saw the kiss as a brazen show of defiance in support of gays and lesbians and against President Vladimir Putin after the championships were shadowed throughout by controversy over the law.
But Ryzhova on Tuesday insisted that she was married and made clear she was none too happy that people suspected that she and Gushchina might be more than just good friends.
“Yesterday, I was telephoned 20 times by various publications and instead of congratulating me they decided to insult me with these questions,” she fumed, quoted by the ITAR-TASS news agency.
“Myself and Yulia are both married and we are not having any kind of relationship,” she added, saying the two were very good friends after having trained together for eight years.
“It was a storm of emotions (after winning). And if at that moment we touched lips... I don't know in whose fantasy this all gets thought up.
“This insults not just us but our trainers,” she added.
The law, which outlaws the dissemination of homosexual “propaganda” to minors, was signed by Putin in June and has prompted calls for a boycott of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
The controversy was intensified at the World Championships which wrapped up Sunday when gold medal-winning star Russian pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva backed the law and said “we just live with boys with women, women with boys.”
She later said she may have been misunderstood.
(AFP)
Shares
In my career as a pharmacist I've answered a lot of questions about medication use in pregnancy. Pharmacists are among the most accessible health professionals, and we're usually found near a wall of medicines and supplements. Many don't trust Dr. Google, and for good reason: There are conflicting answers online. When it comes to medication use in pregnancy and effects on the fetus, we have no perfect data. Since no-one is randomizing women to drug treatment or placebo, we must rely on weaker, less definitive evidence. An appropriate response from a health professional will describe known risks and expected benefit, summarizing what we know, and how confident we are in that answer. One of the most popular drugs used in pregnancy is acetaminophen (sometimes called paracetamol or APAP), and commonly known by the brand name Tylenol. An emerging concern with acetaminophen is whether use during pregnancy raises the risk of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and related behavioural problems. While I covered this question once, back in 2014, there's a new paper that's putting this issue back in the news. From Evie Stergiakouli and colleagues is the paper, “Association of Acetaminophen Use During Pregnancy With Behavioral Problems in Childhood: Evidence Against Confounding“, published this week in JAMA Pediatrics .
Google “Tylenol and pregnancy” and you get 15 million results. What are the facts?
It should come as no surprise that acetaminophen has generated several posts over the years at SBM . It's one of the most commonly-used medicines worldwide, starting in infancy for fever, right through towards end-of-life pain control in the elderly. As an ingredient, acetaminophen is packaged into hundreds of prescription and non-prescription drugs. Acetaminophen has a good safety profile when used appropriately. However it is among the most harmful of drugs in overdose, and the ease at which overdose can occur makes acetaminophen the cause of hundreds of cases of liver failure per year. The consequences of acetaminophen poisoning are a major public health issue. Given the frequency of use, and the unique risk profile, there are continued questions about whether widespread usage is doing more harm than good. (If the product were to be invented today, I personally doubt it would even be approved for sale an an over-the-counter drug.) But acetaminophen has a long history of (usually) safe use, so regulators (and manufacturers) continue to experiment with ways to make the drug available to consumers for self-selection, while trying to reduce the risk of unintentional harm.
Pain in pregnancy is common. Beyond the non-pregnancy causes of pain everyone can experience, like headaches and colds, the pregnant body is undergoing a rapid transformation that may not be painless. Weight gain of 25 or more pounds leads to posture changes and painful joints. Low back pain is common, and it can be worse at night, leading to insomnia. While non-drug measures should always be attempted before considering drug treatment, severe or prolonged pregnancy pain may lead to questions about the safety of analgesics like acetaminophen.
Acetaminophen is the current go-to drug for pain control in pregnancy. There is good evidence to show that it does not increase the risk of major birth defects above the baseline risk (2-3%) that is inherent to any pregnancy. Acetaminophen is generally considered to be safe throughout pregnancy, and as long as the dosing is appropriate, side effects are rare. With a safe history of use, and a low risk of serious side effects, acetaminophen is widely used for pain control in pregnancy.
Using medication in pregnancy requires a close consideration of risks, benefits and alternatives. Doing nothing is always an alternative for pain, but the consequences of untreated pain need to be examined as well. Stacked up against other pain relievers, acetaminophen has some attractive features. Anti-inflammatory drugs like ibuprofen must be avoided in the later stages of pregnancy, due to the concerns about cardiovascular toxicity. Compared to the anti-inflammatory drugs, acetaminophen is unlikely to cause gastrointestinal ulcers, blood disorders, or kidney problems. Nor does acetaminophen appear to increase the risk of cardiovascular events such as heart attacks and strokes. Moreover, compared with anti-inflammatory drugs, acetaminophen has few interactions with other drugs, so it can safely be used for pain relief in pregnant women on other medications, or with other medical conditions where other pain relievers might have unwanted effects.
Beyond acetaminophen and the anti-inflammatories are the narcotics. The addictive properties of narcotics are well known, and they affect the fetus too. Compared to a drug like codeine or morphine, acetaminophen provides a non-addictive alternative that may be more appropriate for short-term or even long-term pain issues when drug treatment is considered. (The FDA's 2015 statement on pain relievers in pregnancy provides a concise summary.)
What is the new data?
The new paper is an analysis of 7,796 mothers from Bristol, England. A prospective cohort study (the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children) allowed researchers to assess associations between acetaminophen and subsequent behaviours. Acetaminophen use (in the previous three months) was collected based on self-reports at 18 and 32 weeks of pregnancy. The same question was asked based on maternal and partner self-report after the child was born. When the children were 7 years old, an analysis based on these surveys was conducted that looked for the presence of behaviour issues.
Acetaminophen use was common. At 18 weeks gestation, 53% of mothers in the study reported using acetaminophen in the previous three months. At 32 weeks, 42% reported using acetaminophen in the previous 3 months. 90% used acetaminophen after birth.
Overall, 5% of children were determined to have behavioural issues. After adjustment, the researchers found a modest association between acetaminophen at 32 weeks and behavioural problems at age 7, based on a conduct disorder scale (RR 1.42, 95% CI 1.25 – 1.62) and a hyperactivity scale (RR 1.31, 95% CI 1.16 – 1.49). There was a significant (but smaller) association at 18 months. Post-partum use was not associated with any behavioural issues. These are relative risks. The absolute risk of behavioural issues was small, so the finding suggests a small increase in an already small number.
Some strengths, but also limitations
This was a prospective study that raises some interesting questions. As the researchers didn't observe any correlation between post-partum acetaminophen use and behavioural issues, they hypothesize that the difference may not be explained by hidden confounders, like other behavioural or social issues. But while the study controlled for many confounders, there's still the potential for some other factor to be influencing the findings. Some of the risks appeared to decrease, not increase, with acetaminophen use.
One of the biggest limitations to this study is that there was no collection of data on actual acetaminophen use. Not only was this data self-reported, no dosage or duration of use data was collected.
Despite the limitations, we shouldn't dismiss data like this out of hand. While the actual effect (if it actually is real) is small, we need more data to give us greater confidence in this finding. From a public health perspective, understanding if acetaminophen is having a negative effect is an important question to answer.
Is acetaminophen still considered safe in pregnancy?
Acetaminophen is widely used in pregnancy, and has traditionally been considered a safe drug. Consequently, it's no surprise that this new finding has generated a lot of attention. This new study suggests that acetaminophen may be having subtle effects on behaviour. We need to consider this study in the context of other evidence. Ideally, this finding needs to be confirmed by other researchers using other datasets – hopefully with better data collection on actual use. But we can be reassured that even if this effect is real, it is very slight. Unwarranted panic isn't justified, but it does remind us that evidence is constant emerging and we need to continuously reassess our practice (and advice) against the best evidence. No drug, not even acetaminophen, should be taken in pregnancy unless it's felt necessary. However, pregnant women shouldn't suffer in pain needlessly. Acetaminophen continues to be the preferred pain reliever in pregnancy.
A patient was taken out of the Margaret Sanger Center Planned Parenthood in Manhattan on a gurney on July 7, 2017, after an ambulance was called during an undisclosed medical emergency.
This represents the seventh medical incident involving emergency ambulance transport documented at the high-volume flagship Margaret Sanger Center Planned Parenthood in 2017 alone.
Operation Rescue maintains a non-exhaustive record of abortion-related medical emergencies, and believes that such emergencies are on the rise.
Overall, Operation Rescue has documented the following:
• 7 medical emergency transports from the Margaret Sanger Planned Parenthood since January 1, 2017.
• 10 medical emergency transports from the Margaret Sanger Planned Parenthood over the past 16 months.
• 23 medical emergency transports from Planned Parenthood abortion facilities nationwide since January 1, 2017.
• 51 medical emergency transports from Planned Parenthood abortion facilities nationwide since January 1, 2016.
SIGN THE PETITION! Congress Must De-Fund Planned Parenthood Immediately
“We must make our Senators aware that the defunding of Planned Parenthood is a non-negotiable item in the new health care bill. It is unconscionable that our hard-earned tax money continues to prop up an organization that heavily profits from the maiming of women and the taking of innocent lives through abortion,” said Troy Newman, President of Operation Rescue.
Please contact your Senator now!
LifeNews.com Note: Cheryl Sullenger is a leader of Operation Rescue.
DALLAS – The former Dallas County assistant district attorney, who was fired Monday after lashing out at an Uber driver, spoke to the media for the first time on Tuesday morning. The heated encounter between Jody Warner and driver Shaun Platt was caught on camera, and Warner addressed the situation publicly, CBS DFW reports.
"I embarrassed my family and I embarrassed myself," said Warner. "That's not who I am."
The incident happened last Friday night when Warner, who admitted to drinking a bit too much, called for an Uber to take her back home from a pub. Platt was the driver who arrived. He said that the former assistant district attorney became belligerent, hit him, belittled him and threatened him during the trip.
Jody Warner, a now-fired Dallas County prosecutor, has apologized for berating an Uber driver during a ride home from a bar in an incident that prompted her dismissal. CBS DFW
Warner: I want to go home so badly, but you're so stupid. I want the cops to come and **** you up!
Platt: Ma'am, please.
Warner: No! Everything's being recorded. I'm an assistant district attorney, so shut the **** up!
The 26-year-old driver stated that Warner tried to use her job title as a tool of intimidation, and implied that her relationship with law enforcement officers would help her in the scuffle. Warner had accused Platt of refusing to take her home, beacuse he was allegedly not following the directions given by his navigational device.
Platt: I'm asking you politely to please step out of my vehicle.
Warner: No, because now I'm pissed the **** off! Either drop me off at my house or wait for the cops. I'm not leaving.
Platt: I'm waiting for the cops.
Warner: We'll wait for the cops.
Warner explained To Tuesday that she became concerned by the driver's actions when he started taking a route that she did not know, and particularly when he turned down a wrong street. "I was in an uncomfortable situation," she said. "I'm not trying to make myself a victim."
The former prosecutor also apologized for the salty language that she used that night. "I'm very sorry for the language I used. I'm not proud of it," Warner stated, adding that there is no excuse for talking to other people that way. "I'm not trying to make accusations against the driver."
Warner did, however, say that Platt made "some accusations against me that are not true."
Platt did not file criminal charges against Warner.
Despite what may or may not have happened Friday night, Warner was fired from her job by Dallas County District Attorney Faith Johnson on Monday afternoon. Her cases in the office have already been reassigned. Johnson issued a statement which said, "Her behavior is contrary to this office's core principle of integrity, and it will not be tolerated."
Johnson also contacted Platt, she said, and apologized to him for Warner's actions.
But some others are not apologizing. Former judge Elizabeth Frizell and lawyer Pete Schulte also spoke to the media Tuesday, in Warner's defense. "I don't believe the DA's office has all the facts," Frizell said. "I am asking for the DA to take another look at all the facts."
"He refused to take her home, she became concerned for her safety," Frizell added.
"This was a hasty move by Ms. Johnson," Schulte added, arguing that it should not have been a fireable offense. While he was on hand Tuesday to speak in favor of Warner, Schulte is not actually representing her at this time. It should also be noted that Frizell is campaigning to replace Johnson as the next Dallas County District Attorney.
Radio Network House was imploded on 5 August 2012
The implosion of Radio Network House in 2012 was the first implosion used in New Zealand to demolish a building, and was a "test case" for the potential to use such a demolition method on similar buildings in Christchurch Central City that had been damaged in the 2011 earthquake.[1] Like most other large buildings in central Christchurch, Radio Network House was damaged beyond repair in the 2011 earthquake, and the Canterbury Earthquake Recovery Authority (CERA) added it to the demolition list in August 2011. In July 2012, it was announced that the building was going to be imploded, involving a specialist company from the United States with considerable experience in this type of work.
The right to push the button for the implosion was put up for auction on Trade Me, and became that website's third most viewed auction.[2] The winning bid of NZ$26,000 was made by a consortium of demolition contractors, who allowed the Child Cancer Foundation to nominate a six-year-old boy from Queenstown to trigger the event. The implosion, which was carefully monitored to assess the suitability of this demolition method for potential future applications, went without any problems and it is anticipated that this will have paved the way for many more implosions in New Zealand in general, and in Christchurch in particular. But as of 2016, only one further implosion has been carried out.
Background [ edit ]
Radio Network House in June 2012, displaying the Newstalk ZB logo
Radio Network House was a 14-storey office tower constructed in 1986.[3] The building was located at 155 Worcester Street, on the north side of the street and in the block between Manchester Street and Latimer Square.[4] For its last twelve years Radio Network House was owned by Greg Hedges through his company Nor West Arch No.4 Ltd.[5]
The building was first operated as the Christchurch studio for Television New Zealand (TVNZ), who displayed their logo on the building. Shows such as What Now,[6] After School,[7] Simon Barnett's quiz show Face the Music and later The Son of a Gunn Show[8] were filmed in the tower block. TVNZ vacated the building in late 1998 following a decision to move all of their Christchurch-produced shows to Wellington. In the late 1990s, Telstra New Zealand, the telecommunications company of Telstra in New Zealand, owned the naming rights to the building. After Clear Communications was acquired in December 2001 to form TelstraClear, the Clear logo was prominently displayed on the building.[9][10] The building's naming rights were sold to The Radio Network and it was renamed to Radio Network House during the ownership of Nor West Arch No.4 Ltd. At the time of demolition the logo of Newstalk ZB, a subsidiary of The Radio Network, was displayed on the building.[4]
The Canterbury region was hit by a series of earthquakes, and the 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake damaged the office building beyond repair.[4] About 400 people worked in the building before the earthquakes.[11] Following the earthquakes, the Canterbury Earthquake Recovery Authority (CERA) was set up to manage the recovery process.[12]
Preparation [ edit ]
On 30 August 2011, CERA added Radio Network House to the list of buildings to be demolished.[13] On 17 July 2012, the local Canterbury newspaper The Press reported that implosion of Radio Network House had been approved by CERA.[4] The same day, a press conference was held, where representatives of the demolition companies involved and of CERA addressed the media.[14] The main contractor for the demolition was Naylor Love, who engaged Ceres New Zealand for the implosion. Ceres in turn partnered with Controlled Demolition, Inc., an American company based in Phoenix, Maryland, that has a track record of 9,000 implosions and is considered a world leader in the field. The implosion of Radio Network House was a test case, as the technique had not been applied in New Zealand before, and there are still many more tall buildings to be demolished in Christchurch.[1][15] The implosion was challenging for Controlled Demolition, Inc., as New Zealand buildings are designed to withstand earthquake loading and thus have much more reinforcing in them than the buildings they usually deal with.[3]
Before demolition, buildings are stripped of their contents, including internal plasterboard linings. As the fees for dumping demolition waste have risen since the earthquakes, it is more economical for demolition contractors to produce 'clean' demolition material.[16][17] Holes were drilled into support columns of the building and filled with a total of some 60 kilograms (130 lb) of explosives, which when set off, would destroy the support structure and cause the collapse of the building.[15] A challenge for the demolition contractor was that explosives available in New Zealand are low-velocity and low-energy.[3]
A representative from Ceres stated that the implosion would shorten the demolition process by some six weeks and would save money. Costs were around NZ$1m for the implosion, compared to some NZ$1.2m for a conventional demolition, with the owner's building insurance covering the costs.[4] The owner of the building, however, stated that the implosion was not a cheaper option for his company than a conventional demolition, but it "would save others thousands". He likened the consent process to Christopher Columbus wanting to sail to America, with everybody telling him that it could not be done.[5]
The owner of the Westende building, on the corner of Manchester and Worcester Street and some 80 metres (260 ft) away from Radio Network House, threatened to seek a court injunction against the implosion. He raised concerns about potential seismic activity, possible damage to his new building, and noxious contaminants transferred by dust.[18] The original Westende building had been destroyed in the first earthquake in 2010 and was one of the very few new buildings in the centre of Christchurch to have been rebuilt already.[19] The concerns were dismissed by the demolition contractors and the threatened court action did not eventuate.[20]
Auction [ edit ]
Proceeds from the auction have gone to the restoration of the Isaac Theatre Royal in Christchurch, which reopened in 2014
Soon after the announcement was made that the implosion had been approved, it was reported that the demolition contractors considered putting the right to push the button for the implosion up for auction, with the proceeds going to charity. "I've seen them go for $6,000" is how one of the company representatives was quoted, but the issue of liability needed to be worked through.[1] The auction was set up on the internet auction website Trade Me and went live on Tuesday, 24 July, at 11 am. It was set up with a $1 reserve (meaning that theoretically, the right to push the button could have been sold for just $1).[21] The auction was hugely popular and within one hour, bidding had reached $6,000.[22] Bidding reached $30,000, but some bids were considered illegitimate and Trade Me staff removed them, and in other cases, bidders themselves requested to be removed.[23]
When the auction closed, it had received the third highest number of viewers of Trade Me auctions, at 459,420 views.[23][2] The winning bid was $26,000, placed by a consortium of eight demolition contractors who currently undertake demolitions in the Christchurch Central City (D Construction, Dormer Construction, Jurgens Demolition, March Construction, Pro Tranz Contracting, Clampet Developments, Shilton and Brown Demolition, and Ward's Demolition). They gave the right to choose a person to push the button to the Child Cancer Foundation, who nominated a six-year-old boy from Queenstown.[2]
The charity chosen to receive the proceeds of the auction was the Canterbury Earthquake Heritage Buildings Fund,[22] who passed the funds to the Isaac Theatre Royal in Gloucester Street, a heritage building registered as Category I by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust (since renamed to Heritage New Zealand).[21][24] The Government of New Zealand pledged to match donations towards the restoration of heritage buildings dollar for dollar, so the final amount received by the Isaac Theatre Royal was NZ$52,000.[22][2][25] The restored Isaac Theatre Royal reopened in November 2014.[26]
Implosion [ edit ]
Close up of the Radio Network House rubble showing the Newstalk ZB logo
The demolition companies, on the day prior to the implosion, advised the public to stay away for health and safety reasons, and watch the proceedings on TV or the internet.[27] Several television stations had live streams of the event, and The Press announced that they would post a video on their website shortly after the implosion. An exclusion zone was put in place to ensure that nobody would be within approximately 200 metres (660 ft) of the building.[27] Despite the advice, thousands of onlookers filled the street on the morning of 5 August, a Sunday.[28] Punctually at 8 am, a series of short explosions were heard, followed by another series a couple of seconds later. The building collapsed towards the north as planned, and the implosion manager from Controlled Demolition, Inc. said that it went a bit further than he had hoped, so he was lucky.[29] The explosions were heard around Christchurch.[30]
One of CERA's objectives in approving the implosion was to find out how the soil behaved, as Radio Network House was built on one of the worst soils in Christchurch. Seismograph readings showed ground velocity of 12 mm/s, which is comparable to a large truck slowly driving across the demolition site. With any residual concerns about the performance of poor soils during building implosions removed, it will be much easier for other building owners to obtain consent from CERA.[28] Further implosions are likely, with a representative from Controlled Demolition, Inc. describing the Christchurch market as a "target-rich environment".[28] So far, only the Christchurch Central Police Station has since also been demolished by implosion in early 2015; this happened in May 2015.[31][32]
The implosion attracted global attention, with media in Australia, Canada, Ireland, South Africa and the United States covering the event.[11]
Radio Network House implosion series
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Is There Scientific Evidence for the Resurrection of Jesus Christ?
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
I believe the resurrection of Jesus Christ is an historical reality. The resurrection is on solid historical grounds, independently of what I am about to talk about. Jesus appeared to His disciples---the original skeptics of the resurrection---over a period of 40 days, offering them "many infallible proofs." They in turn went out and turned the Roman Empire upside down with the message of the cross and resurrection.
In addition to the massive historical evidence for the resurrection, I believe there is scientific evidence for the resurrection, and it is to be found in the Shroud of Turin, a linen cloth 14 feet by 3 feet, that purports to be the actual burial cloth of Jesus Christ.
The Man in the Shroud was badly scourged, was crucified, wore a crown of thorns, and was stabbed in the chest with a Roman spear.
Here's what the late Dr. D. James Kennedy once remarked when he first heard about the Shroud: "I should confess that when I first heard about the so-called Shroud of Turin my attitude was one of great skepticism. I have never been impressed with relics. There are enough pieces of the 'genuine' cross of Christ to build the ark, and there are at least forty other shrouds which are claimed to be the Shroud of Christ. Was this thought to be any different? I must confess that I, for one, did not think so at all. But it should be required of every honest person-certainly of every Christian-to have an open mind and to examine the evidence. Christianity is based upon evidence. What does the evidence say?" As Dr. Kennedy studied the evidence, he became convinced that the Shroud really was the burial cloth of Jesus.
One of the great experts on the Shroud in our day is Dr. Alan Whanger, a retired professor from Duke Medical Center who has spent his life studying medicine. Since the late 1970s, he has studied intensely the Shroud of Turin.
Although the Shroud was dismissed by some as a fake because of the carbon-dating in 1988 of a single specimen (divided into three tiny parts) that was said to date from 1260 to 1390 A.D., Dr. Whanger says that test was not valid. He and his wife Mary (co-authors of the book The Shroud of Turin: An Adventure of Discovery, Franklin, Tenn.: Providence House Publishers, 1998) say that the problem was not with the dating per se. It was with the sample. It was from the very corner of the cloth, from a part rewoven in the Middle Ages. And so he concludes, "the carbon dating was totally invalid and has no scientific merit to it at all."
Furthermore, Dr. Whanger notes, "The Shroud is the most intensely studied single object in existence. There are probably 67 different fields of scientific and academic interests that have looked into the Shroud in one way in another. So, there's been a huge amount of research gone in on it. It is our conviction that the Shroud is, indeed, the burial cloth of Jesus of Nazareth. And we feel that we can date it to the spring of 30 A.D. in the Middle East, and that what we see on the Shroud with the various wounds that this is entirely consistent with the scriptural account of the crucifixion of Jesus. And traditionally, this has been known as the image of Jesus." In other words, observes Dr. Whanger, what we think Jesus looked like is based on the Shroud of Turin and not vice versa.
We know where the Shroud has been since 1357, when it showed up in Lirey, France in the home of a French crusader. Knowing it dates from 1357 or earlier, consider all these details:
•The human anatomy represented on the Shroud is 100% correct. Knowledge about anatomy on the Shroud includes details that weren't known until the 20th century. In contrast, 14th century knowledge of anatomy was quite limited. If the cloth were the work of a medieval forger, he knew things that weren't to be known until centuries later.
•The Shroud was photographed for the first time in 1898, and it was discovered to be a photographic negative---hundreds of years before photography was invented.
•The faint image on the Shroud was not painted on. It was lightly burned on. It's as if at the moment of the resurrection, Christ's body let off a burst of radiation, as His body changed from mortal to immortal. The image on the Shroud is created by some sort of scorching process. Yet it is only lightly scorched. The image is only 5/1000's of an inch thick. Although there are a few traces of pigment on the Shroud (because as a holy relic, they put paintings in contact with it, presumably to receive a blessing or the like), the image is not comprised of pigment or paint.
•The blood on the Shroud is real human blood---with all the wounds corresponding with the passion of Jesus in the Gospels. The blood did not see decay (He was sandwiched inside that cloth for less than 72 hours). Yet the blood was undisturbed, which means He somehow went through the cloth; it was not yanked off Him.
•What we think Jesus looked like is based on the Shroud of Turin. People have a universal picture of how they think Jesus looked. That image is based on the Shroud.
•While leading evangelicals are often silent about the Shroud, and I respect that, I still think people should look into it for themselves because the evidence is there, on yet another front, declaring the Easter message: Jesus is risen.
•In the Middle Ages (and even sometimes today) artistic representations of the crucifixion place the nails in the palms. Yet the Shroud of Turin places the nails in the wrists. It has now been medically proven that nails in the palms would not suffice to hold a crucified man. (The Greek word for "hand" can also mean wrist.)
•The image of the Shroud is three-dimensional. When ordinary photos or paintings are studied through a specific NASA, space-age machine (a "VP 8 Image Analyzer"), the image always becomes distorted. However, the Shroud has been proven to have three-dimensional properties. It could not have been a painting.
•The theories of skeptics put forward to explain away the Shroud pay indirect homage to its awesome properties. For example, one recent book proposed that no less a genius than Leonardo de Vinci produced the Shroud-and that he had to secretly crucify a man in the process. However, Leonardo lived a hundred years after the Shroud appeared. So there goes another theory. Everyone that studies the Shroud of Turin agrees that this is a mystery not easily explained away.
If it's a hoax, this is no ordinary hoax. The greater evidence argues for its authenticity. As some scientists put it, the Shroud is, if you will, a "snapshot of the resurrection." At the very moment Christ rose from the dead, something happened-a burst of radiation perhaps-that left a permanent mark on the front and back of the burial cloth that sandwiched the Man who wouldn't stay buried for long. In short, the best theory is that the Shroud of Turin provides scientific evidence for the resurrection of Christ.
He is risen. He is risen indeed!
READ WHY ONE PASTOR SAYS THE BIBLE HAS BEEN SCIENTIFICALLY PROVEN
Troy Buswell admits traffic offences, disqualified from driving for 12 months
Updated
Former WA treasurer Troy Buswell has been fined and disqualified from driving over a series of car crashes that left a trail of destruction near his Subiaco home and led to his resignation from Cabinet.
Buswell pleaded guilty to 11 offences committed when he was driving his ministerial car home from a wedding in the early hours of February 23.
He was fined $3,100 and disqualified from driving for 12 months.
However, because none of the offences carry a jail term, he cannot be disqualified from Parliament.
Buswell, who did not attend the Perth Magistrates Court hearing, entered pleas of guilty in writing to four charges of failing to report an accident, three charges of failing to stop after an accident and four charges of careless driving.
He was not represented by a lawyer.
In a statement, Buswell said: "I offer no excuses for my actions, apologise to those upon whom I have impacted and accept fully the consequences."
The court was told that Buswell crashed into four parked cars, causing more than $12,000 worth of damage.
The court also heard he drove up a kerb at a roundabout before smashing into a car, pushing it into another vehicle.
No explanation for actions offered
Buswell did not provide police with an explanation for his manner of driving, the prosecutor said.
The court heard Buswell did not have a traffic record.
Chief magistrate Steven Heath said Buswell was entitled to a 25 per cent discount on his fine for his early guilty pleas.
He fined the former treasurer $500 for each of the three charges of failing to stop, $200 for each of the four charges of failing to report an accident and $200 for each of the four careless driving charges.
After the night in question Buswell had what has been described as a breakdown and resigned from cabinet.
However, details of his driving offences did not emerge until weeks later.
Opposition Leader Mark McGowan said today that Buswell should have been sacked when the offences came to light, and his actions were a new low for the Government.
"His failure to cooperate with police, his failure to answer questions, his failure to give a statement to the police is appalling and clearly unacceptable," Mr McGowan said.
"That's the sort of stuff that drug dealers and bikies do. Not ministers and not members of Parliament."
Buswell, the member for Vasse, has been on leave but is due back in Parliament next week.
Topics: courts-and-trials, government-and-politics, perth-6000, busselton-6280, bunbury-6230
First posted
News Bitcoin at $900: Let's Remember The Naysayers…
As Bitcoin straddles the $900 mark, now seems a good time to remember the naysayers who made it clear they thought the currency would never succeed – or was even already dead.
More FUD, Naysayers?
Bitcoin has faced its fair share of naysayers since its inception, but some are more vocal in their disdain than others. While there are far too many to mention by name, here are a few who will likely not be forgotten in a hurry.
Mike Hearn
Mike Hearn used to be firmly on the side of the Bitcoin community, but ended up – somewhat dramatically – losing faith. His post in January on his decision to ‘quit Bitcoin' and resign as developer now reads like a notorious speech from history.
“But despite knowing that Bitcoin could fail all along, the now inescapable conclusion that it has failed still saddens me greatly,” he wrote.
The fundamentals are broken and whatever happens to the price in the short term, the long term trend should probably be downwards.
While predictions of Bitcoin's imminent doom are amusing to read, the comedy soon turns to heartbreak in Hearn's post as he announces he'd sold off his entire Bitcoin holdings:
I will no longer be taking part in Bitcoin development and have sold all my coins. Why has Bitcoin failed? It has failed because the community has failed.
Professor Bitcorn
From the sublime to the ridiculous, and Professor Bitcorn was a leading light in denouncing Bitcoin until his abrupt silence earlier this year.
A Boston university lecturer by day, Mark T. Williams put the cat among the pigeons in 2013 as he brought his Bitcoin doom-mongering to the mainstream press.
“I predict that Bitcoin will trade for under $10 a share by the first half of 2014, single digit pricing reflecting its option value as a pure commodity play,” he wrote in an article for Business Insider.
His more recent reticence could well be a result of Bitcoin not going to $10 in any of the subsequent three years, as one Reddit user points out.
Jamie Dimon
Who could forget Jamie Dimon? It appears that Bitcoiners won't have the luxury any time soon, as under its CEO JPMorgan Chase is experimenting more and more with the Blockchain.
On the topic of Bitcoin, however, Dimon was always ready to nay.
“Virtual currency, where it's called a bitcoin vs. a U.S. dollar, that's going to be stopped,” he told Fortune in 2015. “No government will ever support a virtual currency that goes around borders and doesn't have the same controls. It's not going to happen.”
Several legalizations of Bitcoin later, it appears all Dimon can do to save face is hide behind his Blockchain experiments along with the majority of global banks.
The ‘Blockchain Not Bitcoin' Crowd
Dimon is a prime example of the corporate and financial reaction to disruptive fintech. Where it is taboo or financially undesirable to embrace Bitcoin, Blockchain is brought forward as the go-to compromise.
This camp includes a huge number of companies, not to mention banks, which continue to champion the virtues of Blockchain and play down Bitcoin's inherent advantages over legacy finance. For us regular folks however, we can't help but echo the tweet of International Blockchain Real Estate Association Founder, Ragnar Lifthrasir:
#Bitcoin is over $900 right now. What's the price of #blockchain? I heard that's more important, so I want to buy some. — Ragnar Lifthrasir (@Ragnarly) December 23, 2016
Honorary Mention: r/Buttcoin
As the icing on the cake, r/Buttcoin is a hater mill that doesn't stop turning. There is enough naysaying material to run to several volumes, but such is the comedy gold to be mined from reading it in present times that now is a great opportunity to get on board.
“Is this where the poor people hang out?” one post reads.
What would you like to say to the Bitcoin naysayers? Let us know in the comments below!
Images courtesy of businessinsider.com, genesismining, bbc.com, shutterstock
While an expected new national television contract for the NBA is still two years away, team owners, players, the media and fans are already discussing how an anticipated revenue windfall from such a deal might reshape the league.
Some are expecting team salary caps — which rose 7.5 percent since last year, to an all-time high of $63.065 million for the upcoming 2014-15 season, to jump to about $80 million per team before the 2016-17 campaign, as new TV money rolls in.
Others have reported that the NBA wants to avoid such a sharp spike in favor a more gradual projected salary cap increase over several years (however, doing so might cause owners to defer potential additional money rather than accept it sooner).
In any case, the league, its owners and players are all likely to become richer. It's why the NBA's best player (and one of its shrewdest businessmen), LeBron James, only signed a two-year deal with his original club after deciding to leave the Miami Heat and return home to the Cleveland Cavaliers last month.
But new TV income could have a great impact beyond its possible effect on player salaries and movement between teams, or on clubs' abilities to retain their star players.
It could also lead to growing and restructuring the league.
Expansion – specifically in cities like Seattle and Louisville – has been hinted at for a while, and even more so since the talk of an impending 2016 TV deal.
Understandably, there would be no better time for the league to add a couple of new teams as when it takes a significant leap financially. And if the NBA does grow from its present 30 teams to 32, it could also use that opportunity to realign, which in turn, could foster some stronger existing rivalries while creating new ones.
So as long as we're hypothesizing about things that may not take place for another two years, let's have some fun and look at why Seattle and Louisville might be great destinations in which the NBA could expand its reach, and what the league might look like in both an existing NFL-style divisional format, and in another one that might work even better.
I've wanted to discuss this topic for some time and finally the inspiration for this came from a post on Reddit called, “Quit my job take the plunge on my own ideas?”. This is my background, I'm a software developer, I've worked at a handful of startups(MediaMiser, Leapshot Labs, Vectorface) and more recently I'm the CEO/Co-Founder of GamerBet.
What To Expect With Startup Life
Emotional Roller coasters
Ups & downs happen all the time but the giant drops will mess you up. @scott
When non-founders ask me to describe what it's like running a startup it can be summed up in one phrase, ‘emotional roller coaster'. There are a lot of components involved in running a startup ranging from vision, fundraising, product, sales, marketing, legal, etc.
Here is an example that I had to deal with in January. After more than a dozen emails back and forth I was able to get an in person meeting with investor Gary Vaynerchuk. Of course I was thrilled, I packed my bags and I flew to New York for the meeting. The night before the meeting I received an email saying that the meeting had to be cancelled due to the winter storm. Fuck. All sudden that excitement nose dived and I was left with nothing but the feeling of failure.
Depression & Failure
The struggle of running a startup with everything on your shoulders. @adam
Prior to starting GamerBet I wouldn't have described myself as someone who had dealt with depression but since starting it has felt like I've struggle with times of depression. You might ask, how can someone become depressed from running a startup? Well as a founder I'm responsible for everything that happens. This includes the stuff most people will argue isn't my fault but ultimately there is no one to blame but yourself as a founder. There are three other co-founders(Collin, Phil & Sabrina) and every day I'm one decision away from failing and or letting them down. Now let me ask you, who wouldn't get a little messed up from that? The amount of pressure on your shoulders day to day is extreme.
GLASS
Old Fashioned tumbler
PREPARATION
Cool an Old Fashioned tumbler in the freezer. When it has cooled enough, drop four ice cubes in it. Make sure they are fresh and dry. Stir the gin, Campari and vermouth directly in the tumbler. Garnish with half a slice of orange. The slice must be freshly cut to release its perfume. It should also be thick and chunky, ½ cm or more, since many people like to actually squeeze it between their fingers before dropping it into the drink.
N.B. While we prefer using the somewhat more bitter Punt E Mes Vermouth for the Americano, the herbs contained in the gin we're using here combine much better with the deeper flavours of Cocchi's Vermouth de Torino .
NOTES
The history behind the Negroni is disputed.
The best known version is that the cocktail was imagined in 1919 by Count Cammillo Negroni, who often frequented Caffè Casoni on Via Tornabuoni in Florence. Caffè Casoni is still on Via Tornabuoni today, although it has been renamed Caffè Giacosa and is now owned by Roberto Cavalli. Tired of his aperitivo Americano, and having just returned from London, Count Negroni asked barman Fosco Scarselli to swap the soda with London Dry Gin. His "usual" became an "Americano alla moda del conte Negroni", using the slice of orange instead of lemon to identify it as a different drink.
The other version claims the cocktail was invented by a Corsican Brigadier General in the French cavalry, called Pascal Olivier de Negroni de Cardi, Comte de Negroni.
Either way, the Negroni is a delicious cocktail. The bitterness of the Campari and the dryness of the gin make it ideal as a refreshing pre-dinner aperitif on a hot summer evening, which is why it is served with ice, in a tumbler, rather than strained into a martini glass. It is one of Italy's most famous aperitifs.
Netizen commentsArticle: Jo Kwon crossdresses, skinny body better than any girl group member 'surprise Source: Newsen via Nate1. [+398, -38] Just come out of the closet now2. [+343, -31] .......Enough people speculate him enough, he shouldn't have accepted the casting for this3. [+335, -31] I've been a fan for five years... I'm sure his fans would know by now.. Just that they aren't making it obvious.4. [+40, -5] There are a lot of accounts of people spotting him at gay clubs in Itaewon5. [+28, -2] I'd have no idea who that was if I didn't read the name...6. [+22, -6] Why are people asking him to come out? Dressing like this for musicals is the norm. Can't believe people are demanding that he come out over a musical role ㅋㅋㅋㅋ7. [+21, -3] I think he looks unique and amazing;;;; Priscilla's also a great musical so I'm looking forward to it!8. [+14, -6] Ah.. don't like it. I don't hate Jo Kwon but I hate things like this.. Can he not do it?
How did a police officer end up in a classroom, throwing a teenage girl from one side of the room to the other? Why do police officers so often respond to mental health crises, shooting someone who needed medical care?
Perhaps the problem in these situations isn't only how a police officer responded, but that a police officer was called to the scene at all. And this is a view held not just by the public — but by many police officers too.
In a wide-ranging TED talk about policing, Baltimore Police Lt. Colonel Melvin Russell explained the problem:
We have put too much responsibility on law enforcement. Too much. And then we have the audacity and the nerve to get upset with law enforcement when we take action. There is no way in the world that we, as a community, should be calling the police for kids playing ball in the street. No way in the world that we should be calling the police because my neighbor's music is up too loud, because his dog came over to my yard and did a number two; there's no way we should be calling the police. But we have surrendered so much of our responsibility. Listen, when I was a little boy coming up in Baltimore — and listen, we played rough in the street — I ain't never see the police come and break us up. You know who came? It was the elders. It was the parental figures in the community. It was those guardians, it was that village mentality. They came and said, "Stop that!" and "Do this." and "Stop that." We had mentors throughout all of the community.
Police officers are now present in US schools. But should they be?
Russell's claim isn't just one officer's anecdotal evidence. Over the past few decades, schools have increasingly fallen back on police departments — particularly through the use of school resource officers — to dole out discipline.
Studies have found that schools that tend to do this are much more likely to use the criminal justice system to punish students: After controlling for poverty, a report from the Justice Policy Institute found schools with school resource officers have nearly five times the rate of arrests for disorderly conduct as schools without school resource officers, even though the prevalence of school resource officers in schools has little relationship to reported crime rates.
This is how, for instance, a police officer in 2015 ended up in the classroom of Spring Valley High School in South Carolina after a teacher complained that a student was being disobedient. In videos captured by students, officer Ben Fields flips over the student and her desk, tosses her to the other side of the room, and arrests her as she lies on the floor. To many, this seemed like an unnecessarily brutal arrest.
But as Richard County Sheriff Leon Lott said after the incident, maybe the problem was that an officer was called to the scene in the first place: "If we have a child that's not following the rules, deputies are getting called in to handle that. And that's really not our role in the school. And I think sometimes the teachers and administrators should be handling things like this."
The criminal justice system has also picked up the slack of the mental health care system
America's overreliance on law enforcement is also visible in the country's treatment of people with mental illnesses. As America shut down its mental health hospitals, it also shifted to a model of mass incarceration that has disproportionately locked up people with mental illnesses — even though such people are more likely to be victims, not perpetrators, of violence.
Should these people really be in prisons and jails instead of getting medical care at a facility built for mental health treatment? Mental health advocates, like the National Alliance on Mental Illness, overwhelmingly agree this shouldn't be the case. Yet for a few years now, many states have continued cutting mental health services.
All of this has effectively turned the criminal justice system and police departments into the only institutions that currently can respond to mental health crises.
Or as Russell of the Baltimore Police Department said, "We have put too much responsibility on law enforcement. Too much."
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) was in Iowa late last week for the same reason plenty of other Republican politicians are in the Hawkeye State: he's laying the groundwork for a presidential campaign. The difference, of course, is that the Kentucky Republican's message isn't quite the same as other GOP aspirants.
Dave Weigel attended an event at “a wine bar packed with Iowa voters,” and noted Rand Paul “delivered eight minutes of remarks on the need to audit the Federal Reserve.”
That's not surprising. The GOP senator, like his father, has taken a keen interest in the Fed and made monetary policy a centerpiece of his broader political message. The trouble is, this may be one of those issues Rand Paul cares deeply about, despite not understanding it especially well.
I haven't seen a complete transcript of the senator's remarks in Iowa, but the Wall Street Journal reported on the event. “Once upon a time, your dollar was as good as gold,” Paul reportedly said. “Then for many decades, they said your dollar was backed by the full faith and credit of government. Do you know what it's backed by now? Used car loans, bad home loans, distressed assets and derivatives.” Wall Street Journal
Danny Vinik explained that the argument “ makes very little sense .”
When Paul asks what backs the U.S. dollar now, he's effectively asking what makes it valuable. When the U.S. used a gold standard, it meant that a dollar was worth a certain amount of gold. Economists overwhelmingly agree that that was a terrible idea, but the connection seemed to explain why dollars had value. The real reason dollars had value is the same today as it was back then: It's the only currency the government accepts to pay taxes. Businesses and consumers thus have an incentive to carry out transactions using dollars. Paul's quip about dollars being backed by “used car loans, bad home loans, distressed assets and derivatives” may sound good to Iowa conservatives but it betrays an incredible ignorance about the economy.
Wait, it gets worse. Paul went on to say the Fed's liabilities are leveraged 80 to 1 against its assets, which led him to compare the Federal Reserve to Lehman Brothers when it collapsed. As Vinik explained, this is plainly wrong , too.
Paul apparently can't read the Fed's balance sheets, because as of November, its assets were $4.487 trillion and its liabilities were $4.430 trillion. Where did the $57 billion figure come from? That's its total capital. But as Cullen Roche, the founder of financial services firm Orcam Financial Group, points out, Paul also ignores the fact that the Fed remits most of its profits to the Treasury Department. In 2013, they gave Treasury nearly $80 billion. “The Federal Reserve isn't just a profitable entity,” Roche writes. “It is perhaps the most profitable entity on the face of the planet.” As all this shows, Paul's views on monetary policy are profoundly misguided. As long as he's in the Senate, that doesn't really matter. He can spout his nonsense without having any effect on the Federal Reserve. But if he became president, he would be responsible for choosing the next Fed Chair when Janet Yellen's term expires in 2018 and for nominating board members to the FOMC….At least on the economy, that makes Rand Paul by far the most dangerous candidate in the 2016 field.
I can imagine some of Paul's defenders arguing that the senator's confusion is understandable – monetary policy is challenging. The Kentucky Republican can't be expected to have a working understanding of every issue.
And that might even be compelling if Rand Paul hadn't chosen the Federal Reserve as one of his signature issues. It's a pillar of his “movement.” We all have policy blind spots, and presidential candidates can't know everything, but this is one of the senator's main areas of interest, which he seems to know very little about.
What's more, this is hardly the first time he's been confused about the Fed. In 2013, Paul was asked about his “ideal” chairman for the Federal Reserve, and he endorsed Friedrich Hayek. Asked to name someone alive, Paul said Milton Friedman “would probably be pretty good.”
The senator clearly didn't know that Milton Friedman is both dead and someone who would disagree with him vehemently if he were alive. Matthew O'Brien explained at the time:
[Paul] knows the Friedman who championed free markets and tax cuts, but not the Friedman who championed an active central bank. Paul's mistake is assuming that because he agrees with Friedman on spending, he must also agree with Friedman (and vice versa) on the Fed. That couldn't be more wrong. But it's one thing to be uninformed, and another to be unempirical. Paul doesn't seem capable of processing information that contradicts his worldview. He saw the evidence that he was wrong about Friedman and QE, and … just went on living his life like it didn't exist. Dogma won. The irony, of course, is that Milton Friedman was trying to save conservatism from people exactly like Rand Paul.
Clearly, the Federal Reserve belongs on the same list.
Again, these aren't just random issues; these are the issue Rand Paul himself claims to care the most about. When a politician seems confused about his signature concerns, that's not a good sign.
Description
Dive into a weather diagram and lay waste to a city by wielding your power over hail.
How does large hail form?
Updrafts within thunderstorms push rain high into the cloud where very cold air freezes it. Once frozen it starts to fall but gets caught in another strong updraft where it gathers more moisture on its way back up making it larger. If the updrafts are strong enough they will continue this process for long periods of time allowing the hail to accumulate more moisture and more moisture. Updrafts can get so strong they even intrude into the stable stratosphere. When updrafts are this strong it becomes possible to suspend large hail for long periods of time further adding moisture to the hail, sometimes building it to incredible sizes.
A few months ago I made my first order from My Pretty Zombie. I had heard some great things about their blushes and duochrome eyeshadows, so I picked up their Drugs Like Me sample set (which I'll review in a later post) and two sample packs of eyeshadows. These swatches were taken in sunlight over bare skin, Wet n Wild Take On The Day Primer, and Elf Glitter Glue.
Unicorn Pee is described on the site as “iridescent white blue with enough multi colored glitter to make you puke!” That's completely accurate. It performs horribly over bare skin, and better on just primer, but if you want all the glittery goodness to stay on your eyelid you need a sticky base. This isn't surprising, because it's pretty much all glitter, with a little transparent blue shimmer. You can see in the first picture how gritty the glitter looks. This isn't just sparkly micas, it's actual superfine holographic glitter. It's stunning in the sunlight and I love to use it as an inner corner highlight.
Custom Zombie is a “silvery blue that looks awesome on everyone!” To me it's a muted blue base with a fantastic greenish silver shimmer. Looks amazing over primer and a sticky base.
Grandma Cleavage is a “cornflower crayon blue with a gold shift…tacky yet fascinating…you will love it!” That's 100% correct. It's a beautiful cornflower blue and the golden shift is amazing. The base color even looks passable over bare skin, but the shift absolutely shines over primer or a sticky base. I do love it, even though the name is kinda icky. The first time I wore it my sister said it was pretty, and when I told her it was called Grandma Cleavage she did a double take.
Anthrax, part of the Husbandry Collection, is “purple to green with a gold to red shift.” I… don't really know what that means. Is is supposed to be a duochrome with another duochrome? I think it's just a purple with an amazing green shift, with maybe a hint of gold. I suppose I can a little red in the base color over bare skin, but I've never seen red when I've worn it. The duochrome really comes out over primer in this swatch, but I've noticed on my eyes the green shift can disappear after blending if it's not over a sticky base. It's one of my favorites. I'm such a sucker for purples, and adding a green shift only amplifies my love.
Everything Looks Better On A Meathook is a “kind of brown plum that rubs down maroon. Green shift.” It reminds me of the blue brown dupe in Wet n Wild's Comfort Zone palette. I love these kinds of colors (maybe I'll do a comparison post), especially when it starts to get cold out. The base color is so warm, but over a primer or sticky base the blue-green shift really comes out.
Brisket, part of the Butcher Shop Collection, is a “copper with a red to gold shift”. HOLY CRAP YOU GUYS!!! This shift is amazing! It performs pretty horribly over bare skin, but look at that gold shift!!! In the light it is just blanketed in gold, without any hint of the red base color. You can see in the first picture how the gold fades into red as the light diminishes. There's nothing remotely sparkly about this one. Unlike the other shadows with a shift this one is just smooth color.
Overall I'm really happy with these eyeshadows. I never wear eye makeup without at least a primer so they work pretty well for me. Only Unicorn Pee and sometimes Anthrax require a sticky base. They all blend well over regular primer and last as long as any other eyesadow. The sample baggies I got had a fairly large ammount of product (about the same as Shiro's) and came with a circular sticker with the name and ingredients. I'll definitely be making another order for more samples!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
STRONGSVILLE, Ohio -- A woman who died after being found by her husband in their home Monday night was a teacher for Strongsville City Schools.
The district released the following statement Tuesday morning:
"We have been informed of an investigation being conducted by the Strongsville Police Department regarding an incident at the home of one of our 6th grade teachers. As this is an ongoing police investigation, we are unable to comment any further at this time. We will, however, have crisis counselors on hand for students to speak with as we are aware this is unsettling and has been publicized through the media."
Strongsville police and the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigations were called to the home on Blazing Star Drive Monday evening.
While neither agency has released much information on the investigation, a source told the Fox 8 I-Team that the woman was stabbed inside the home.
The Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner's Office says Melinda Pleskovic, 49, was taken to Southwest General Health Center, where she was pronounced dead.
The woman's husband told 911 dispatchers his wife looked like she had stab wounds to her back. He also said they've had "people trying to break into our house all year."
The man said he had just returned home with his "new son-in-law" when he discovered his wife with what appeared to him to be stab wounds. He said his son was already in the home.
Stick with Fox 8 and Fox8.com for more.
Continuing coverage.
Arby's has the meats, and this holiday season, they're going to be giving them away to their favorite fans -- to wear.
ARBY'S TESTS FRENCH-FRY STUFFED SANDWICH
This Christmas, Arby's is giving their most dedicated fans the Meat Sweats – a pair of sweat pants with elastic waistband and a zip-up hoodie featuring photo-realistic stacked meats. The matching ensemble has “built-in bacon-patterned warming pockets” and “retractable bacon-patterned venting hood for maximum temperature control,” Arby's announced in a press release.
But before meat enthusiasts get too excited, these protein-packed duds aren't for just any meat eater – “you have to earn them.”
“Arby's is choosing select carnivores nationwide who have shared via their social channels their feats of meat throughout 2017, such as conquering the brand's famous Meat Mountain or smoking a slab or ribs to perfection,” the press release continued.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
The fast food chain said the limited-edition sweat suits will start dropping this week to those worthy of the quality meat-wear. Better check your social accounts to see if you made the meat lovers nice list.
If she is removed from office in the coming weeks, the 92-year-old could be forever associated with the worst elements of backroom municipal politics.
Last week she endorsed a $10 million funding request from the University of Toronto toward a new $70 million to $100 million innovation complex in Mississauga — almost before the pitch had been delivered.
With less than two years left in what she has called her final term, and with the decision in her conflict of interest case expected within two weeks, McCallion has recently approached city business with an air of urgency.
If not, she's likely to be remembered as one of the greatest mayors in Canada's history.
She chastised a neighbouring mayor, Brampton's Susan Fennell, for publicly stating she didn't support any of the revenue tools. Fennell quickly changed her tune.
As chair of the Large Urban Mayors' Caucus of Ontario, McCallion pushed through a resolution endorsing most of Metrolinx's proposed revenue tools to fund its $50 billion Big Move regional transportation plan. She did the same at Mississauga council, telling colleagues to put aside their concerns about transit funding impacts in consideration of the greater good.
McCallion has been pushing Premier Kathleen Wynne about the dire need for better transit throughout the GTHA ever since Wynne became a frontrunner for the job.
She has made it no secret that a massive $1.6 billion LRT project along Hurontario St. — her city's spine — could be her last major battle.
“This is for future generations in Mississauga,” she said, before exhorting her council colleagues to get on board. They did.
In March, when called before a provincial inquiry into the gas plant cancellations, she ripped into all three parties: the Liberals for agreeing to the projects in the first place and the Conservatives and NDP for playing “political games” at the expense of urgent provincial business.
McCallion isn't just talking about Mississauga these days when she addresses the “crisis” of traffic congestion or testifies about the cancelled gas plants; she's speaking on behalf of all Ontarians.
But her revered reputation as Ontario's most senior political figure, a straight-shooter who doesn't suffer fools or mince words, might soon take a blow she won't be able to recover from.
“If she is removed from office, this will be the central story in the Hazel McCallion narrative,” says Tom Urbaniak, who authored a biography of McCallion. “The manner of retirement will be inscribed in history.”
The conflict case involving votes she participated in at the Region of Peel in 2007 mirrors the Mississauga judicial inquiry that wrapped up in 2011. The votes in Peel allegedly stood to save her son, Peter McCallion's, company $11 million in development charges on a downtown hotel-convention centre it was looking to build.
The 2011 inquiry found her in violation of the spirit, if not the letter, of Ontario's municipal conflict-of-interest law for pushing her son's hotel-convention centre project.
She was let off the hook, though, largely due to the narrow scope of the Municipal Conflict of Interest Act. She declared a conflict at city council when the development was addressed, so was not in contravention of the act. However, she did not declare a conflict at the region, on which the current case is focused.
“Even if Hazel McCallion is removed from office, she will still be revered in many quarters,” says Urbaniak. He says her removal would not tarnish her legacy in the minds of those who would simply dismiss a guilty finding as the work of “elites” out to get their beloved mayor. “who has given her life to her city.
“It might even elevate her status for some.”
It's an image that has taken a battering in recent years.
When the inquiry findings were read, Commissioner Douglas Cunningham stated that McCallion effectively was working for her son's company while she worked behind the scenes to get the project done.
But, in her typical fashion, McCallion wasn't conceding much.
“I did nothing wrong,” she said in 2011, after the inquiry findings were released.
McCallion testified during the inquiry, and often repeats that everything she's ever done since becoming mayor in 1978 was for her city.
She has helped build it from little more than “farm fields and cow pastures” when she took over, into Canada's sixth-largest city.
Mississauga is now home to more than 60 Fortune 500 companies and is a hub for industries such as pharmaceuticals, information technology and software development.
McCallion's schedule at the age of 92 might seem overwhelming even to a CEO half her age. It's not uncommon for her to attend six events a day, between council meetings, pitches by developers, visits from concerned residents and the odd provincial inquiry.
When she walked into the Brampton courthouse in April to testify during the current conflict case, she was greeted more like a rock star than a municipal politician.
As she stepped inside the building where lawyers were fine-tuning their arguments to end her career, members of the public jumped up to catch a glimpse of McCallion, trying to shake her hand and even asking for her autograph.
But even with her enormous popularity among Mississauga residents, McCallion's recent battles over her support for her son's development deal suggest she didn't learn from an early stain on her career.
She was first nailed by a judge on an issue of conflict of interest in 1982, after she voted on a land development deal her family stood to benefit from. She was found guilty but was spared removal from office because her actions were deemed inadvertent.
Even with growing concerns over her relationship with developers, McCallion's popularity quickly recovered after the decision, thanks in large part to her leadership shortly before the case had begun, when she deftly managed a potential disaster.
Residents still talk about how McCallion was front and centre, coordinating the action in one of the largest peace-time evacuations in Canadian history. She oversaw the removal of 200,000 residents following the 1979 Mississauga train derailment.
From the late 1980s onward, McCallion won elections for almost two decades with more than 90 per cent of the vote. She was awarded the Order of Canada in 2005 and in the same year came second in the prestigious World Mayor competition.
But her popularity began to wane.
In 2006, when former Mississauga MP Carolyn Parrish was elected to Mississauga council, she immediately took on McCallion, who had long held sway over her council colleagues.
Other councillors, emboldened by Parrish's refusal to back down, also began challenging the way city hall was being run.
They first questioned how a secret veto thwarting council control over the majority city-owned hydro utility had been inserted into a shareholder agreement with a private partner in the newly created utility. The issue was eventually addressed by the Mississauga judicial inquiry.
Parrish and six other councillors had pushed for the inquiry, and it resulted in a dip in McCallion's support in the 2010 election, to 76 per cent.
After the election, more damaging inquiry testimony followed. McCallion's annual mayor's gala was also scrutinized, after reports revealed it was little more than an expensive, elite bash masquerading as a charity fundraiser, for which the city had been illegally issuing charitable receipts.
Citizens and mayoral opponents criticized McCallion for once again refusing to run a formal campaign during the election. While working successfully behind the scenes to defeat Parrish and other council rivals, the mayor never elaborated any real plan, at a time when the city was facing critical questions.
With development dollars and city reserves dwindling, the city has had to pass tax increases averaging more than 6 per cent on its portion of the property tax bill over the past three years.
Mississauga also faces a $1.5-billion infrastructure deficit as the city has matured and now needs a first cycle of capital renewal. Two years ago, the city had to take on its first debt in three decades. McCallion has implored Ottawa for help with infrastructure costs, with little success.
Urbaniak says McCallion has always taken her cues from the public, quietly gauging what voters are thinking while staying one step ahead of fraught political issues.
“She went from being pro-development, when Mississauga needed the industry and the development charges, to being an advocate of smart growth.”
But he says some of McCallion's past decisions are starting to catch up with her.
Critics now question decades of almost zero per cent tax increases. And whether the mayor's desire to build her city resulted in relationships with the development industry that led to poor planning controlled by the private sector instead of professional planners.
Gridlock and a transit system inadequate to urban needs has been one of the unintended results.
McCallion is clearly ready to take on the challenge of fighting crippling congestion — perhaps her final crusade.
The question is, does she have enough time?
And more importantly to her, if she is removed from office, will people even remember what she fought for?
California and New York set to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. File - Image Credit: MGN
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) California lawmakers on Thursday approved the nation's highest statewide minimum wage of $15 an hour to take effect by 2022 after it was hailed by Democrats as an example to the nation as it struggles with a growing gap between rich and poor.
The legislation now goes to Gov. Jerry Brown, who says he will sign it into law Monday after previously working out the plan with labor unions.
Meanwhile, in New York, Gov. Andrew Cuomo reached a tentative deal with top legislators late Thursday to also raise his state's minimum wage to $15 an hour. If the tentative pact holds together, New York would become the second state to pay its workers that much.
The income divide has become a key issue across the U.S., with President Barack Obama proposing an increase to the federal minimum wage and the issue getting attention in the Democratic presidential primary.
Democrats who control both legislative chambers in California hailed the increase as a boon to more than 2 million of state's poorest workers.
Brown, also a Democrat, said it proves that California can get things done and help people get ahead.
Republicans, however, echoed fears from business owners and economists that the annual increases eventually tied to inflation will compound California's image as hostile to business.
The Assembly passed SB3 with a 48-26 vote. The Senate followed, 26-12.
The increases would start with a boost from $10 to $10.50 on Jan. 1. Businesses with 25 or fewer employees would have an extra year to comply. Increases of $1 an hour would come every January until 2022. The governor could delay increases in times of budgetary or economic downturns.
California's current $10 an hour minimum wage is tied with Massachusetts for the highest among states. Only Washington, D.C., at $10.50 per hour is higher.
Los Angeles, Seattle and other cities have recently approved $15 minimum wages, while Oregon officials plan to increase the minimum to $14.75 an hour in cities and $12.50 in rural areas by 2022.
The tentative deal reached by New York officials Thursday would be phased in regionally, eventually affecting more than 2 million workers.
In New York City, the wage would increase from $9 to $15 by the end of 2018, though businesses with fewer than 10 employees would get an extra year. In the New York City suburbs of Long Island and Westchester County, the wage would rise to $15 by the end of 2022. The increases are even more drawn out upstate, where the wage would hit $12.50 in 2021 and then increase to $15 based on an undetermined schedule.
Brown was previously reluctant to raise the base wage. He negotiated the deal with labor unions to head off competing labor-backed November ballot initiatives that would have imposed swifter increases without some of the safeguards included in the legislation. Brown now says the most populous state's fast-growing economy can absorb the raises without the problems predicted by opponents.
About 2.2 million Californians now earn the minimum wage. The University of California, Berkeley, Center for Labor Research and Education, projected the increase would have a ripple effect for those whose wages would increase to keep pace.
The researchers project it would increase pay for 5.6 million Californians by an average of 24 percent. More than a third of the affected workers are parents. Latinos would benefit most because they hold a disproportionate number of low-wage jobs, the researchers said.
The right-leaning American Action Forum countered with its own projection that the increases could cost nearly 700,000 jobs
The increases are projected to eventually cost California taxpayers an additional $3.6 billion annually for higher government employee pay.
Art Pulaski, executive secretary-treasurer of the California Labor Federation, hailed what he called a historic day for California and the country. "California takes a massive leap forward today in the fight to rebalance our nation's economy," Pulaski said in a statement.
However, Allan Zaremberg, president of the California Chamber of Commerce, said the increase was being made too fast. "It is unfortunate the Legislature didn't take advantage of the opportunity to address the issue in a more balanced manner," he said.
Some members of the Legislature cited the nation's imbalance in wealth while voting in favor of the wage increase.
"While we have made great strides in recovering from the economic recession, we know the bulk of that growth has been to the benefit of the top 1 or 2 percent," said Assemblyman Roger Hernandez, D-West Covina. "Too many workers are working full-time for poverty wages."
State Sen. Isadore Hall, D-Compton, said many workers are struggling to cover living expenses.
"They're trying to figure out a way to buy their children diapers," he said. "They're finding out a way to buy their children milk. Or how might they be able to pay their utility bills."
Assemblyman Jim Patterson, R-Fresno, countered that such a drastic increase would force small business owners to make layoffs "with tears in their eyes," ultimately resulting in less employment.
"Business owners are going to go, is this an April Fool's joke?" Sen. John Moorlach, R-Costa Mesa, added.
After the Assembly and Senate votes, dozens of supporters gathered on the lawn outside the Capitol for a labor-organized rally. Many waved signs saying "$15 California."
Krystine Wilson, 27, of Carmichael said the higher wage will help her avoid racking up late fees and payday loans when the $10 an hour she earns at a fast-food restaurant isn't enough.
"We have to decide whether or not we want to pay a certain utility bill, or do we want to pay the rent?" Wilson said. "We have to make that decision every month."ould be phased in over several years.
The eyed flounder (Bothus ocellatus) is a species of fish in the family Bothidae (lefteye flounders). The species is found on or near the sandy seabed in relatively shallow waters in the western Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
Description [ edit ]
The eyed flounder is a flattened, disc-shaped fish which grows to a maximum length of 18 cm (7 in) but a more typical size is 12 cm (5 in). As with other members of its family, it lies on its right side, and during its development, its right eye migrates to the left side of its head. The protractile mouth is large and the male fish has a spine on the snout and a bony lump in front of the lower eye. The eyes are large and prominent, the lower one being slightly nearer the snout than the upper one. Both eyes have a fleshy ridge above and behind them. The dorsal fin has 76 to 91 soft rays and has its origin close to the upper eye. It is long and ribbon-like and there is a gap between it and the caudal fin. The anal fin has 58 to 69 soft rays and is also long and distinct from the caudal fin. The color of this fish is pale tan, grey or brown, with patches, mottling and ring-shaped markings, the fish being able to modify its color to match its background. It can change its color in between two and eight seconds. Three larger dark spots lie on the straight portion of the lateral line and there are two fainter ones on the tail. It differs from the slightly darker twospot flounder (Bothus robinsi) because its tail spots are one above the other in this species but one behind the other in the twospot flounder. The underside of this species is pale.[3][4]
Distribution and habitat [ edit ]
Eyed flounder
The eyed flounder is found in the western Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, its range extending from Canada to southern Brazil. Its typical habitat is sandy flats in the vicinity of patch reefs, often near areas of coral rubble and seagrass meadows. It commonly occurs at depths down to about 50 m (164 ft) but is sometimes found at greater depths, down to 110 m (361 ft). It spends most of the time lying on the seabed, sometimes semi-immersed in the sediment.[3][4]
Biology [ edit ]
The eyed flounder feeds on fish, which makes up about a third of its diet, and on crustaceans such as crabs, mantis shrimps, shrimps and amphipods.[2]
Near the island of Bonaire, reproduction takes place during the winter. A male eyed flounder defends a territory in which are up to six females, each with its own individual area. Courtship starts about an hour before sunset, and around the time the sun sets culminates in the female swimming a short way off the bottom with the male immediately below her. Both release their spawn simultaneously into the water. The male tries to mate with each of the females on a daily basis.[3] When the larvae hatch from the fertilised eggs, they are pelagic and form part of the plankton in the open water, and their eyes are at first orientated in a normal, symmetrical manner. During their growth and development the eyes migrate to their adult position on the left side of the head.[3] The larvae and juvenile fish form part of the diet of many fish and invertebrates, and the adults are preyed on by predatory fishes, gulls, egrets, herons, seals and sea lions.[3]
YOKOHAMA, Japan (Reuters) - Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda welcomed on Tuesday the expansion of China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank as positive for the regional economy, urging multinational lenders to cooperate in meeting Asia's fast-growing infrastructure needs.
Bank of Japan (BOJ) Governor Haruhiko Kuroda attends a news conference at the BOJ headquarters in Tokyo, Japan April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
“Infrastructure needs are huge and it's simply not possible for the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank to fill the gap completely,” Kuroda, who was formerly head of the ADB, told a seminar hosted by an ADB-affiliated think tank.
He said healthy competition from Chinese, Indian and Japanese initiatives could be positive for improving infrastructure and boosting economic growth.
Kuroda's remarks are the strongest endorsement to date by a Japanese policymaker for the growing presence of AIIB, which some in Tokyo see as a vehicle to boost China's regional clout.
They also come ahead of the ADB's 50th annual meeting in Yokohama, eastern Japan, at the weekend, where its 67 members are set to seek ways to differentiate the ADB from rival lenders such as the AIIB.
The AIIB has been viewed as a rival to the Western-dominated World Bank and the ADB, which is jointly led by the United States and Japan. The United States initially opposed the AIIB's creation and is not a member, but many U.S. allies, including Canada, Britain, Germany, Australia and South Korea have joined.
HEALTHY COMPETITION
Japan, following Washington's lead under then-U.S. President Barack Obama, did not join the AIIB as well, partly from concern it would conflict with the ADB, the Manila-based institution dominated by Japan and the United States.
But Kuroda said the establishment of AIIB and the fact it attracted many members were a “good” thing as they help meet rapidly increasing infrastructure-funding needs in the region.
“The ADB has promoted regional cooperation in Asia. It also tried to link regional initiatives with each other. That is the way we should go forward, rather than making a single Asia program or an Asia initiative,” he said.
“The realistic way is to promote regional initiatives and link them with each other.”
Kuroda also urged politicians to contain geopolitical conflicts which were “not good for anyone.”
The ADB, founded in 1966, has by convention been headed by Japanese financial bureaucrats including Kuroda and current president Takehiko Nakao.
Vying for influence in the region, China created AIIB in 2015 which now has 70 members including countries awaiting ratification, exceeding those of the ADB.
On the surface, the two lenders have cooperated, co-financing several projects under a 2016 agreement that set the stage for joint funding.
But many Japanese officials, including premier Shinzo Abe's aides, are cautious of the AIIB - taking the view that it serves as a vehicle to fund China's global leadership ambitions.
A week after the ADB gathering, leaders from 28 nations will attend China's New Silk Road summit aimed at expanding links between Asia, Africa and Europe - underpinned by billions of dollars in infrastructure investment.
Rupert Murdoch's management shakeup at News Corporation paves the way for a titanic battle between the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times, one of the mogul's former lieutenants predicted today.
"The biggest newspaper battle of the early part of the 21st century is about to begin," said Andrew Neil, the former Sunday Times editor and long-time Murdoch-watcher.
"Murdoch has got his sights on the New York Times," added Neil, in an audio interview with the Guardian's Matt Wells.
"He wants to gear the Journal up to take on the New York Times in what is now his home city. That's what gets his juices going, that's why he is bringing in all these resources from the far flung reaches of his empire to concentrate on New York."
Murdoch is moving one of his longest serving lieutenants, Les Hinton, the executive chairman of News Corp's UK newspaper subsidiary News International, to be chief executive of WSJ publisher Dow Jones.
And News Corp is also expected to confirm today that Times editor Robert Thomson will move to New York with Hinton to take up an executive job with responsibilities including the role of WSJ publisher. News Corp's $5bn takeover of Dow Jones will be completed next week.
Neil said Murdoch was less worried about the Financial Times, regarding it as "largely irrelevant".
But the New York Times should not be overly concerned that Murdoch was coming its way, Neil said.
"I don't think the New York Times needs to quake in anybody's boots including its own. It's the most powerful newspaper franchise in the world. But they do have a new - or older - kid on the block fired up and ready for action.
"And you know something? It will do the New York Times a world of good. These big American city newspapers are often lazy monopolies."
However, the New York Times executive editor, Bill Keller, has downplayed the threat from Murdoch.
Speaking to MediaGuardian.co.uk last week after he gave the Hugo Young memorial lecture, Keller said: "I don't believe in panic and I don't see any cause for panic.
"Obviously I see him as a competitor. But we compete with the Wall Street Journal now.
"By the nature of what the [New York] Times is, a newspaper that is defined largely by the breath of its ambition ... we attempt to be a full service newspaper. We compete with everybody. And we are pretty good at it."
Keller, who was appointed the paper's executive editor in 2003, said that he did not want to sound "complacent or arrogant about a new competitor".
"I don't really know what he is going to do," he said. "I don't know Rupert Murdoch, he is a combative 76-year-old newspaper guy with a tabloid soul and more money than God.
"With those resources at this stage it looks like he will do whatever the hell he wants to do. I don't think he is going to be constrained by some strategic planning consultant telling him what he can do. That makes him very hard to predict."
· To contact the MediaGuardian newsdesk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332.
· If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
Home
e+Chess available now on iTunes!
Link to iTunes: e+Chess - ePlusBooks.com Limited
Chess books for the iPad - more than just text!
Ever wished you could just tap on the moves in your chess book, and they would play themselves on the board? Ever sighed at the author's recommendation that you use one chess set to follow the main line and a second to play out the variations? And taking a chess book to bed to read - well, that's just something the really good guys do, the ones who don't need a chessboard at all.
Your problems have been solved, by a bunch of people who have been there, done that, and lost pocket set pieces in the bedclothes or down the back of the sofa. Now you can read chess books anywhere, without a set, following every move on the built-in board. Download the free iPad app, e+Chess. Read and play through the free chess book contained in the app: the classic Chess Fundamentals by Capablanca. Check out the Complete List of Published Titles to see the other books that have been 'activated' like this. And see the other interesting forthcoming titles that will be available shortly. Watch the video, which says it so much better than words!
A decision last year by the Justice Ministry's Kyoto bureau not to pursue a complaint against a landlord's no-foreigners policy showed Japan was “utterly unprepared” to move on instances of discrimination, according to an expert.
The Kyoto case first flared in January 2013 when exchange student Victor Rosenhoj was moving from Ryukoku University's Shiga campus to Kyoto and hunting for a new apartment.
Rosenhoj, a Belgian national, submitted a rental application through the university's student co-op, which arranges apartments for its students. But he was told “matter-of-factly,” he said, that the apartment's landlord had a no-foreigners policy and it was thus not available for him.
Angered by the move, Rosenhoj took his case to the ministry's Kyoto bureau in June that year in the hope it would intervene. However, it was not until over a year later, in September 2014, that the bureau notified him by mail his case did not constitute a violation of his human rights.
Hiroshi Tanaka, a professor emeritus of sociology at Hitotsubashi University, says the case underlined the nation's lukewarm attitude to clamping down on racial discrimination. He also believes Japan should follow other countries and set up a government institution dedicated to preventing human rights violations, as recommended by the United Nations.
“The nation is utterly unprepared to fulfill its responsibility not only to ban discrimination but to safeguard the victims,” Tanaka said.
Rosenhoj, who is no longer an exchange student, told The Japan Times that the bureau's letter provided no explanation as to why his case had been dismissed. “I thought: ‘Wow, I can't believe this. This has to be a joke, right?,' ” he recalled.
Under Justice Ministry policy, its local bureaus can investigate complaints relating to human rights violations, and resolve the dispute through measures that include engaging the concerned parties in dialogue, providing recommendations, or educating people on the issue.
They don't, however, have the authority to take punitive measures.
Rosenhoj said when he initially filed the complaint, an official at the bureau told him it had no legal authority to resolve the issue and nor could it give him any feedback on the progress of its investigation.
“I thought they were making a fool of me,” Rosenhoj said. “If they can't tell us anything about their process, or if they don't have the power to do anything from a legal standpoint, then it's just a waste of time and resources.”
When contacted by The Japan Times, the Kyoto bureau refused to comment, saying it cannot talk about individual cases.
In Rosenhoj's case, the bureau notified him in writing that while his claim had been dismissed, it had asked the student co-op to be more sensitive to human rights issues. The letter, however, did not mention the landlord.
Yuko Domen, executive director of Ryukoku University's student co-op, said she did not recall the bureau talking to her organization about human rights, but acknowledged bureau officials had made some inquiries about Rosenhoj's case.
The co-op, for its part, has since moved to improve the way it introduces accommodation to foreign students. Starting in fiscal 2014, it began to remove from its brochures details for apartments that have a no-foreigner policy.
Some landlords told the co-op that they were reluctant to take in foreigners because such tenants in the past had occasionally misbehaved or broken rules, such as appropriating a shared item in their apartments.
“If there are foreigners who have broken those rules in the past, they should absolutely be punished,” Rosenhoj said, “but that shouldn't reflect on other foreigners.”
This article is about the constellation. For other uses, see Draco (disambiguation)
Draco is a constellation in the far northern sky. Its name is Latin for dragon. It was one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, and remains one of the 88 modern constellations today. The North Pole of the ecliptic is in Draco. Draco is circumpolar (that is, never setting), and can be seen all year from northern latitudes.
Features [ edit ]
The constellation Draco as it can be seen by the naked eye
Stars [ edit ]
Thuban (α Draconis) was the northern pole star from 3942 BC, when it moved farther north than Theta Boötis, until 1793 BC. The Egyptian Pyramids were designed to have one side facing north, with an entrance passage geometrically aligned so that Thuban would be visible at night. Due to the effects of precession, it will again be the pole star around the year AD 21000. It is a blue-white giant star of magnitude 3.7, 309 light-years from Earth. The traditional name of Alpha Draconis, Thuban, means "head of the serpent".
There are three stars under magnitude 3 in Draco. The brightest of the three, and the brightest star in Draco, is Gamma Draconis, traditionally called Etamin or Eltanin. It is an orange giant star of magnitude 2.2, 148 light-years from Earth. The aberration of starlight was discovered in 1728 when James Bradley observed Gamma Draconis. Nearby Beta Draconis, traditionally called Rastaban, is a yellow giant star of magnitude 2.8, 362 light-years from Earth. Its name shares a meaning with Thuban, "head of the serpent".
Draco is home to several double stars and binary stars. Eta Draconis (the proper name is Athebyne[3]) is a double star with a yellow-hued primary of magnitude 2.8 and a white-hued secondary of magnitude 8.2 located south of the primary. The two are separated by 4.8 arcseconds.[4] Mu Draconis, traditionally called Alrakis, is a binary star with two white components. Magnitude 5.6 and 5.7, the two components orbit each other every 670 years. The Alrakis system is 88 light-years from Earth. Nu Draconis is a similar binary star with two white components, 100 light-years from Earth. Both components are of magnitude 4.9 and can be distinguished in a small amateur telescope or a pair of binoculars. Omicron Draconis is a double star divisible in small telescopes. The primary is an orange giant of magnitude 4.6, 322 light-years from Earth. The secondary is of magnitude 7.8. Psi Draconis (the proper name is Dziban[3]) is a binary star divisible in binoculars and small amateur telescopes, 72 light-years from Earth. The primary is a yellow-white star of magnitude 4.6 and the secondary is a yellow star of magnitude 5.8. 16 Draconis and 17 Draconis are part of a triple star 400 light-years from Earth, divisible in medium-sized amateur telescopes. The primary, a blue-white star of magnitude 5.1, is itself a binary with components of magnitude 5.4 and 6.5. The secondary is of magnitude 5.5 and the system is 400 light-years away. 20 Draconis is a binary star with a white-hued primary of magnitude 7.1 and a yellow-hued secondary of magnitude 7.3 located east-northeast of the primary. The two are separated by 1.2 arcseconds at their maximum and have an orbital period of 420 years. As of 2012, the two components are approaching their maximum separation.[4] 39 Draconis is a triple star 188 light-years from Earth, divisible in small amateur telescopes. The primary is a blue star of magnitude 5.0, the secondary is a yellow star of magnitude 7.4, and the tertiary is a star of magnitude 8.0; the tertiary appears to be a close companion to the primary. 40 Draconis and 41 Draconis are a binary star divisible in small telescopes. The two orange dwarf stars are 170 light-years from Earth and are of magnitude 5.7 and 6.1.
R Draconis is a red Mira-type variable star with a period of about 8 months. Its average minimum magnitude is approximately 12.4, and its average maximum magnitude is approximately 7.6. It was discovered to be a variable star by Hans Geelmuyden in 1876.[5]
The constellation contains the star recently named Kepler-10, which has been confirmed to be orbited by Kepler-10b, the smallest rocky Earth-sized planet yet detected outside of the Solar System.
Deep-sky objects [ edit ]
One of deep-sky objects in Draco is the Cat's Eye Nebula (NGC 6543), a planetary nebula approximately 3,000 light-years away that was discovered by English astronomer William Herschel in 1786.[4] It is 9th magnitude and was named for its appearance in the Hubble Space Telescope, though it appears as a fuzzy blue-green disk in an amateur telescope. NGC 6543 has a very complex shape due to gravitational interactions between the components of the multiple star at its center, the progenitor of the nebula approximately 1,000 years ago. It is located 9.6 arcminutes away from the north ecliptic pole to the west-northwest. It is also related to IC 4677, a nebula that appears as a bar 1.8 arcminutes to the west of the Cat's Eye nebula. In long-term exposures, IC 4677 appears as a portion of a ring surrounding the planetary nebula.[4]
There are several faint galaxies in Draco, one of which is the lenticular galaxy NGC 5866 (sometimes considered to be Messier Object 102) that bears its name to a small group that also includes the spiral galaxies NGC 5879 and NGC 5907. Another is the Draco Dwarf Galaxy, one of the least luminous galaxies with an absolute magnitude of −8.6 and a diameter of only about 3,500 light years, discovered by Albert G. Wilson of Lowell Observatory in 1954. Another dwarf galaxy found in this constellation is PGC 39058.
PGC 39058 , a dwarf galaxy found within the Draco constellation – picture taken by ESA/Hubble & NASA.
Draco also features several interacting galaxies and galaxy clusters. One such massive cluster is Abell 2218, located at a distance of 3 billion light-years (redshift 0.171). It acts as a gravitational lens for even more distant background galaxies, allowing astronomers to study those galaxies as well as Abell 2218 itself; more specifically, the lensing effect allows astronomers to confirm the cluster's mass as determined by x-ray emissions. One of the most well-known interacting galaxies is Arp 188, also called the "Tadpole Galaxy". Named for its appearance, which features a "tail" of stars 280,000 light-years long, the Tadpole Galaxy is at a distance of 420 million light-years (redshift 0.0314). The tail of stars drawn off the Tadpole Galaxy appears blue because the gravitational interaction disturbed clouds of gas and sparked star formation.
Q1634+706 is a quasar that holds the distinction of being the most distant object usually visible in an amateur telescope. At magnitude 14.4, it appears star-like, though it is at a distance of 12.9 billion light-years. The light of Q1634+706 has taken 8.6 billion years to reach Earth, a discrepancy attributable to the expansion of the universe.[4]
The Hercules–Corona Borealis Great Wall, possibly the largest known structure in the universe, covers a part of the southern region of Draco.
Mythology [ edit ]
Draco coils around the north celestial pole, as depicted in Urania's Mirror, a set of constellation cards published in London c.1825
Dragons in Greek mythology that may have inspired the constellation's name include Ladon, the dragon who guarded the golden apples of the Hesperides. Heracles killed Ladon during his 12 labors; he was tasked with stealing the golden apples. The constellation of Hercules is depicted near Draco.
In Greco- Roman legend, Draco was a dragon killed by the goddess Minerva and tossed into the sky upon his defeat. The dragon was one of the Gigantes, who battled the Olympic gods for ten years. As Minerva threw the dragon, it became twisted on itself and froze at the cold North Celestial Pole before it could right itself.
Sometimes, Draco is represented as the Titan son of Gaia, Typhon.
Traditional Arabic astronomy does not depict a dragon in modern-day Draco, which is called the Mother Camels. Instead, two hyenas, represented by Eta Draconis and Zeta Draconis are seen attacking a baby camel (a dim star near Beta Draconis), which is protected by four female camels, represented by Beta Draconis, Gamma Draconis, Nu Draconis, and Xi Draconis. The nomads who own the camels are camped nearby, represented by a cooking tripod composed of Upsilon, Tau, and Sigma Draconis. In some mythology, Draco had one hundred magnificent heads, guarded the golden apple tree, and was put in the sky as a constellation for protecting the apples with valor. The constellation has been subject to many more myths, but ones that are obscure.
Meteor showers [ edit ]
The February Eta Draconids is a meteor shower that was discovered on February 4, 2011. Observers noted six meteors with a common radiant in a short period. Its parent is a previously unknown long-period comet.[9]
Namesakes [ edit ]
Draco was a United States Navy Crater class cargo ship named after the constellation.[citation needed]
The main character in the 1996 film Dragonheart gets his name from this constellation. The film also reveals that Draco is actually a dragon heaven, where dragons go when their time in this world is complete, and if they have upheld the oath of an ancient dragon to guard mankind, with dragons otherwise fading into nothing upon their deaths. At the conclusion of the film, Draco, the last dragon, ascends into the constellation after he sacrifices himself to destroy an evil king that he had saved years ago.
The chess opening called the Dragon Variation of the Sicilian Defense was also named after the constellation by Russian chess master Fyodor Dus-Chotimirsky.[citation needed]
The Beyblade top Lightning L-Drago 100HF and its evolutions Meteo L-Drago LW105LF and L-Drago Destructor F:S are inspired by/based on the Draco constellation. They all feature three dragon heads chasing each other in a counter-clockwise motion, possibly referencing Ladon's multiple heads.[citation needed]
Draco Malfoy, an antagonist in the Harry Potter series, is named after the constellation as well. [10]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations
References
Canada's Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) famously decided last year to allow Bell Canada to single out P2P traffic for bandwidth throttling between the hours of 4:30pm to 2am. But even as it allowed a practice that the US Federal Communications Commission had just put the kibosh on, the CRTC also launched a much broader hearing on the entire issue of network neutrality.
With the ISP responses now in, it's clear just how widespread deep packet inspection (DPI) has become at Canadian ISPs. It's enough to make staff Canuck Frank Caron weep into his Molson's.
Cold-filtered Internet
Christopher Parsons, a grad student at the University of Victoria (the Fightin' Vikes!), has done yeoman's work by combing through the numerous (and lengthy) ISP submissions to CRTC and compiling them into a set of tables (PDF). This makes it simple to compare responses across ISPs, and one of the obvious places to start is with filtering. So who uses DPI to throttle Internet traffic?
Bell Canada: Yes, with a vengeance, but only P2P between 4:30pm and 2am
Cogeco Cable: Yes
MTS Allstream: No
Rogers Cable: Confidential (but probably yes)
Saskatchewan Telecom: No
Primus Telecom: No
Shaw: Yes
Barrett Xplore: Yes, and also prioritizes VoIP
TELUS: No
Bragg: Confidential
The list above might make it seem that only half of Canada's responding ISPs use filtering, but a bare list takes no account of size. Bell, Rogers, and Shaw are three enormous ISPs that together dwarf everyone else on the list, and all three appear to be throttling traffic.
What kind of traffic? Peer-to-peer, of course. Cogeco says that heavy P2P use as far back as 2001 led it to adopt throttling schemes. Bell notes that its DPI gear was at first just intended for billing, but the company then decided that it needed to use it for throttling as well. Rogers wanted to avoid becoming "the world's buffet," whatever that means, and so clamped down on P2P because of its "unfair" use of many concurrent TCP connections.
Throttling in action at Bell Canada
The cable providers are generally concerned about their upstream bandwidth (as was Comcast in the US), since it is far lower than downstream and is shared with an entire neighborhood of homes. A few P2P users are capable of gumming up the upstream link for the entire node.
Many ISPs, even those not currently throttling traffic, still want to move to a usage-based pricing model. Most companies, including Bell, are shifting to a usage-based pricing model, though several are willing to combine consumption caps with throttling. (Bragg, which has already tried usage caps in the past, notes that customers responded poorly to them.)
When it comes to disclosing the existence of throttling, it's clear that most ISPs would really prefer not to make a public production. When Shaw introduced Arbor-Ellacoya DPI gear into its network, for instance, it didn't notify customers. Rogers, likewise, does not "proactively" notify customers about its management practices. Cogeco won't provide detailed information about what it does because that might allow the bad guys to bypass its systems. Others put the information into legal documents. Bell Canada goes so far as to offer a FAQ and a way to report problems with the throttling system, though this may be due more to Bell's recent CRTC hearing than to the company's love of transparency.
And speaking of transparency, most of the important information in the filings was provided on a "confidential" basis and is not currently available to anyone but CRTC staff. This includes link utilization thresholds, detailed traffic growth numbers, and (most) vendors of the DPI gear involved in the throttling.
CRTC is moving rapidly with the proceeding, and all final reply comments are due by the end of April. A public hearing is set for July 6 in Gatineau, Quebec, after which the CRTC will presumably rule on the question of just what sorts of bandwidth throttling measures Canadian ISPs will be allowed to take.
NBC Plans Xena: Warrior Princess Reboot For 2016
UPDATE: 4:50PM
Former Xena: Warrior Princess star Lucy Lawless has denied the reported Xena reboot as “just a rumor!” THR has not yet issued a retraction of their report at this time. To read more about Lawless' statement, click here. Our original post on the story remains below.
At Comic-Con International, former Xena: Warrior Princess star Lucy Lawless enthusiastically told CraveOnline about her desire to see a Xena reboot, with either a younger Xena or an older Xena that would allow Lawless to reprise her role as the title character.
Lawless may get her wish. According to The Hollywood Reporter, NBC is developing a new Xena: Warrior Princess series alongside original producers, Sam Raimi and Rob Tapert. Lawless is married to Tapert, but she is also currently co-starring in Ash vs Evil Dead on STARS, and it's unclear if she will have any role in the Xena remake.
NBC's plan is apparently “a modern reboot” for Xena, but the network does want Lawless on board in some capacity. It's also unknown if NBC is eyeing Xena as a regular series or an event miniseries. Currently, the network is looking for a writer to bring Xena's new adventures to life.
Xena was originally introduced as a supporting character in Hercules: The Legendary Journeys. In 1995, Lawless' breakout character was given her own show, and Xena: Warrior Princess was an international hit for six seasons. Renee O'Connor co-starred in the series as Gabrielle, and Lawless' Ash vs Evil Dead co-star, Bruce Campbell also had a recurring role on Xena as a brazen (but good-hearted) thief named Autolycus. Xena: Warrior Princess was created by Tapert and his collaborator, John Schulian. Raimi and Tapert also served as executive producers on the original series.
The popularity of Xena may have waned, but the original series still has a sizable following. NBC's Xena reboot is tentatively scheduled to debut in 2016.
Xena fans, how do you feel about possibly getting an all-new Xena series? Let us know in the comment section below!
Dallas Stars left wing Jamie Benn (14) celebrates with teammate Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin (91) after scoring a goal on Pittsburgh Penguins goalie Marc-Andre Fleury (29) during the third period of play in the home opener at American Airlines in Dallas on Thursday, October 8, 2015. Dallas Stars defeat the Pittsburgh Penguins 3-0.
Dallas Stars left wing Jamie Benn (14) grabs the stick of Calgary Flames center Matt Stajan (18) as they race toward the puck during the third period of their game on Thursday, December 17, 2015 at the American Airlines Center in Dallas. The Dallas Stars lost 3-1. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Dec 27, 2015; Dallas, TX, USA; Dallas Stars left wing Jamie Benn (14) prepares to take the ice during the third period against the St. Louis Blues at the American Airlines Center. The Stars shut out the Blues 3-0. Mandatory Credit: Jerome Miron-USA TODAY Sports
NEWARK, N.J. -- Jamie Benn won the Art Ross Trophy as NHL scoring leader last season with the lowest scoring total since Chicago's Stan Mikita in 1967-68.
But while Benn's 87 points in 82 games were seen as a sign that scoring is dipping in the NHL, Benn is determined to push those numbers higher going forward. Benn edged out the Islanders' John Tavares by one point for the scoring title on the last day of the 2014-15 season, but he had no peers when it came to scoring in the calendar year of 2015. The Stars captain finished with 107 points in 85 games, while Washington's Alex Ovechkin was next closest with 84 points in 76 games.
It's a strong statement about where Benn stands in the NHL.
A fifth-round draft pick who has had to earn his respect while playing for a Sun Belt franchise, Benn is showing that you can score goals through skill and physicality. On Wednesday against Nashville, Benn bowled over Predators defenseman Mattias Ekholm to gain possession of the puck at the offensive blue line, then walked in and slipped a shot past Pekka Rinne, one of the most respected goalies in the league.
Benn, who has won an accuracy shooting competition at the NHL All-Star Game, said he works on his shot all of the time.
"The whole point is to shoot where he's not, so I think it helps when you work at that and it becomes more natural," Benn said. "I do think you have to work at scoring, whether that's being deceptive or shooting where you want to shoot. We all love scoring, so I think we all work at it as much as we can."
Everyone might be working, but Benn is the one with the big numbers. He does play for the highest scoring team in the league, so that does help. But he also now sees scoring as a big part of the job. While Benn isn't a big fan of individual honors or the spotlight, he will do everything he can to help his team win. And right now, scoring is something he can do.
"He is the heart of this team, and he's our leader," Stars coach Lindy Ruff said. "I think the offense is a result of playing the game the right way. He leads us in the right direction, and I think the points have come because he's making good decisions with his teammates."
Why was Benn so dominant for the calendar year? Well, Chicago's Patrick Kane was sidelined by an injury last season. He has bounced back this season and leads the NHL in scoring with 56 points to Benn's 52. Tavares has hit a slump this season. So has Pittsburgh's Sidney Crosby. That just goes to show how tough it is to spend a significant amount of time among the scoring leaders.
"It's tough to score in the league for any player, and to score consistently," winger Patrick Sharp said. "If you watch practice, everyone can shoot the puck, everyone can pick corners. It's the top league in the world, and you have the greatest players. So to be the best in this league, it takes a lot of work."
Benn has put that work in, and now he's reaping the results
"I think it's knowing you can do it, and knowing you have to do it," said Benn's brother Jordie. "He works so hard at it, and he has a gift, so you combine those things. Some people just have it, and when you do, it's something special."
The league has always judged players on scoring, so Benn is drawing some debate as the best player in the league. While it's difficult to quantify that title, teammate Jason Spezza put it a different way.
"There's no doubt if I was starting a team," Spezza said, "I would take Jamie Benn first right now."
A cut above
Here are top NHL scorers for the calendar year 2015:
Police attempt to identify more than 30 suspects after alleged assault and its social media aftermath prompt public outcry over misogyny and online abuse
Police in Brazil are attempting to identify 30 men who allegedly participated in the gang rape of a 16-year-old girl, which was filmed on a cellphone and then distributed on Twitter.
The assault and its social network aftermath have prompted a furious debate about attitudes toward women, rape culture and online psychological violence.
The teenager – who is now reportedly in fear of her life – told investigators that she had visited the home of her boyfriend on Saturday afternoon in a favela in the west of Rio de Janeiro. She was briefly alone with him but said she remembered nothing afterward until she woke up naked the next day in another building with dozens of men who had guns.
Her family said she returned home distressed and wearing men's clothes, but said nothing about her ordeal.
Two days later, however, one of the men posted a 40-second video online, showing her naked and semi-conscious. Another man posted a picture of himself posing next to the girl's exposed genitals.
The images were rapidly distributed and got more than 500 “likes” before they were removed by Twitter. Among those who saw them were the girl's horrified family.
Her grandmother told local media that the motive was revenge because her boyfriend felt she had cheated on him.
The teenager, who has since been taken to hospital for medical treatment, has posted a message on her social media account saying she feared she would be judged badly. “It does not hurt the uterus, but the soul because there are cruel people who are getting away with it,” she wrote.
Police say they have identified four of the 33 men involved and issued arrest warrants. Two others face charges related to the distribution of the images online. A hotline set up for more information about the crime has received more than 800 calls.
Amid a growing outcry, the government has called an emergency meeting of public security chiefs to discuss measures to combat violence against women. Michel Temer, the interim president, said a new department would be created inside the Federal Police to coordinate action. “It is absurd that in the 21st century we have to live with barbaric crimes like this,” he said.
The case has generated a huge response in Brazil's active social media. Initially, there was approval of the assault by men who said the victim bore responsibility for getting drunk or using drugs or wearing a short skirt.
But that was soon overtaken by a deluge of condemnation. The hashtag #EstuproNuncaMais (No more rape) was a trending topic Twitter ahead of a planned rally in Rio on Friday .
Paloma Oliveira, one of the organisers of the protest, said she started by inviting 300 friends on Facebook and now 45,000 people have said they will attend. “This just gave form to the indignation that everyone is feeling about what happened.”
In the Facebook page for the event, the organisers drew a comparison with the gang rape and murder of an Indian student on a bus in 2012.
“The next day thousands of women were on the streets demanding an end of this culture of fear! The end of the normalisation of rape!” it said, calling for the same response in Brazil.
Several politicians, artists and social organisations have added their voice to such appeals. A second demonstration has been called for 1 June.
Mexico City mayor ridiculed over plan to fight sex crimes with plastic whistles Read more
Temer's predecessor, Dilma Rousseff – who was suspended earlier this month while she is being impeached by the senate – tweeted: “Again, I reiterate my rejection of violence against women. (We must) fight to denounce and punish this crime.”
Amália Fischer of Fundo Social Elas said the gang rape was a hate crime that should mobilise all the women of Brazil. “Women need to be respected regardless of their race, sexuality or the clothes they wear. I can only hope that this act can bring awareness to women and men about the need for this fight, so the violence against women can end,” she said.
Maynara Fanucci, a contributor to the popular Empodere Duas Mulheres feminist campaign said the debate about violence against women has just started. “On the bright side, many people are opening up to this, and realising how important it is to discuss rape culture, because it is present in our lives. We need to change the entire culture and show people that it is not just a question of who commits the violence, but about all those that incentivize and maintain it,” she said.
The chairman of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) is calling on the Trump administration to condemn a pair of racist events that took place this week.
Leon Russell, board chairman of the NAACP, said in a statement that he's "deeply troubled and disturbed" after a noose was found in the National Museum of African American History and Culture in D.C. and the N-word was sprayed on the front gate of basketball star LeBron James's home in Brentwood, Calif.
"Leaving a noose – a symbol and weapon of hate – in front of the new National Museum of African American History and Culture and vandalizing the home of NBA superstar LeBron James, underscore the recent increase in hate crimes committed against African-Americans under the Trump Administration," Russell said. "The NAACP will not sit by idly while our people continue to be assailed by racist and cowardly actions."
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen. Jeff Merkley Jeffrey (Jeff) Alan MerkleySenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE (D-Ore.) said Tuesday that Trump was responsible for a "wave" of racist and religious violence after a man directing anti-Muslim rhetoric at two young women fatally stabbed two men in Portland, Ore.
Critics of Trump's presidential campaign often accused him of proposing discriminatory policies and racist language, claims that Trump repeatedly denied.
“I am not a racist, in fact, I am the least racist person that you've ever encountered,” Trump told The Washington Post in June 2016.
I have participated in any number of online discussions of English grammar and usage, many of them thoughtful and informative. But quite a few falls into this depressing pattern:
1. Someone (A) posts a dogmatic assertion about some point of usage, often a shibboleth or superstition, looking for affirmation. Think hostility to singular they, irritation at irregardless, scorn for terminal prepositions or split infinitives, annoyance at how the Young People talk, or any of the other familiar crotchets.
2. Someone (B) calmly points out that the issue is more complex, citing evidence or a standard authority, particularly when a shibboleth or classroom superstition is involved.
3. (A) gets their back up at being challenged and reaffirms their unsupported assertion in stronger terms.
4. Others (C), (D, ( E), &c. join the discussion, offering further evidence and authorities, attempting to explain.
5. (A), who has never gone beyond flat assertion, begins to use terms such as "lazy," "uneducated," "ignorant," "lowest common denominator," &c. (A's) responses suggest that what is at work here is an effort to establish social status through what is imagined to be superior or “correct” English.
6. (B), (C), (D), (E), &c. challenge that attitude. Somewhere in this scrum I join in. I am an irritable person with the sharp tongue my mother bequeathed me, and exasperation is hard to curb. (A) detects the sound of steam escaping under pressure.
7. (A) complains of being ganged up on and bullied, and flounces off.
8. (B), (C), (D), (E), &c. begin to reflect on what a titanic waste of time this discussion has been and speculate on the origin of the catchphrase “Bye, Felicia.”
Really, people who are looking to establish a superior social status through English usage would be better advised to resort to the traditional methods: joining country clubs, wearing clothing bearing designer logos, purchasing large, vulgar automobiles, and the like.
The method (A) uses merely annoys people. Don't be like (A).
​Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino has cooled speculation linking misfiring Roberto Soldado with a link away after saying the striker is in his plans for the new season.
The former Valencia man cost Spurs £26m when they brought him to White Hart Lane in the summer of 2013, but he has largely disappointed, having failed to make anywhere near the desired impact.
Pochettino sparked the rumour after leaving him out the 25-man squad for the pre-season friendly against the Major League Soccer (MLS) All-Stars on 30 July – alongside other out of favour players such as Emmanuel Adebayor and Vlad Chiriches, who later joined Napoli.
21 - Roberto Soldado has scored one goal for every 21 shots attempted in the Premier League (excl. penalties) since joining Spurs. Return. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) August 3, 2015
Villarreal boss Marcelino Garcia Toral recently said he was hoping to bring Soldado back to La Liga, while underlining the difficulty in negotiating a deal with Spurs.
"It is very difficult [to sign Soldado]. He is currently in a great team and just two seasons ago they paid a high fee to sign him. It is a difficult situation," Toral said.
The Daily Mirror recently reported that the north London club are indeed ready to take a huge loss by accepting his departure this summer for as low as £11m after having already opened talks with the La Liga side.
Roberto Soldado ready to end Tottenham misery with cut-price move to Villarreal http://t.co/xY4sG0Yw4h pic.twitter.com/PaQa9aIIW4 — DailyNew5 (@DailyNew5) August 2, 2015
Pochettino, however, has now claimed the striker is in his plans ahead of the new season and he does not expect him to move anywhere during the current transfer window.
"I can't confirm [whether Villarreal are interested in Soldado]. He is our player and he is in our plans for the new season," the manager was quoted by AS during a press conference ahead of the Tottenham game against Real Madrid on 4 August.
Spurs kick off their Premier League campaign with a tough fixture away to Manchester United on Saturday afternoon.
Who Sets the Real Rate of Interest?
Understanding economics requires, among other things, understanding the distinction between real and nominal variables. Confusion between real and nominal variables is pervasive, constantly presenting barriers to clear thinking, and snares and delusions for the mentally lazy. In this post, I want to talk about the distinction between the real rate of interest and the nominal rate of interest. That distinction has been recognized for at least a couple of centuries, Henry Thornton having mentioned it early in the nineteenth century. But the importance of the distinction wasn't really fully understood until Irving Fisher made the distinction between the real and nominal rates of interest a key element of his theory of interest and his theory of money, expressing the relationship in algebraic form — what we now call the Fisher equation. Notation varies, but the Fisher equation can be written more or less as follows:
i = r + dP/dt,
where i is the nominal rate, r is the real rate, and dP/dt is the rate of inflation. It is important to bear in mind that the Fisher equation can be understood in two very different ways. It can either represent an ex ante relationship, with dP/dt referring to expected inflation, or it can represent an ex post relationship, with dP/dt referring to actual inflation.
What I want to discuss in this post is the tacit assumption that usually underlies our understanding, and our application, of the ex ante version of the Fisher equation. There are three distinct variables in the Fisher equation: the real and the nominal rates of interest and the rate of inflation. If we think of the Fisher equation as an ex post relationship, it holds identically, because the unobservable ex post real rate is defined as the difference between the nominal rate and the inflation rate. The ex post, or the realized, real rate has no independent existence; it is merely a semantic convention. But if we consider the more interesting interpretation of the Fisher equation as an ex ante relationship, the real interest rate, though still unobservable, is not just a semantic convention. It becomes the theoretically fundamental interest rate of capital theory — the market rate of intertemporal exchange, reflecting, as Fisher masterfully explained in his canonical renderings of the theory of capital and interest, the “fundamental” forces of time preference and the productivity of capital. Because it is determined by economic “fundamentals,” economists of a certain mindset naturally assume that the real interest rate is independent of monetary forces, except insofar as monetary factors are incorporated in inflation expectations. But if money is neutral, at least in the long run, then the real rate has to be independent of monetary factors, at least in the long run. So in most expositions of the Fisher equation, it is tacitly assumed that the real rate can be treated as a parameter determined, outside the model, by the “fundamentals.” With r determined exogenously, fluctuations in i are correlated with, and reflect, changes in expected inflation.
Now there's an obvious problem with the Fisher equation, which is that in many, if not most, monetary models, going back to Thornton and Wicksell in the nineteenth century, and to Hawtrey and Keynes in the twentieth, and in today's modern New Keynesian models, it is precisely by way of changes in its lending rate to the banking system that the central bank controls the rate of inflation. And in this framework, the nominal interest rate is negatively correlated with inflation, not positively correlated, as implied by the usual understanding of the Fisher equation. Raising the nominal interest rate reduces inflation, and reducing the nominal interest rate raises inflation. The conventional resolution of this anomaly is that the change in the nominal interest rate is just temporary, so that, after the economy adjusts to the policy of the central bank, the nominal interest rate also adjusts to a level consistent with the exogenous real rate and to the rate of inflation implied by the policy of the central bank. The Fisher equation is thus an equilibrium relationship, while central-bank policy operates by creating a short-term disequilibrium. But the short-term disequilibrium imposed by the central bank cannot be sustained, because the economy inevitably begins an adjustment process that restores the equilibrium real interest rate, a rate determined by fundamental forces that eventually override any nominal interest rate set by the central bank if that rate is inconsistent with the equilibrium real interest rate and the expected rate of inflation.
It was just this analogy between the powerlessness of the central bank to hold the nominal interest rate below the sum of the exogenously determined equilibrium real rate and the expected rate of inflation that led Milton Friedman to the idea of a “natural rate of unemployment” when he argued that monetary policy could not keep the unemployment rate below the “natural rate ground out by the Walrasian system of general equilibrium equations.” Having been used by Wicksell as a synonym for the Fisherian equilibrium real rate, the term “natural rate” was undoubtedly adopted by Friedman, because monetarily induced deviations between the actual rate of unemployment and the natural rate of unemployment set in motion an adjustment process that restores unemployment to its “natural” level, just as any deviation between the nominal interest rate and the sum of the equilibrium real rate and expected inflation triggers an adjustment process that restores equality between the nominal rate and the sum of the equilibrium real rate and expected inflation.
So, if the ability of the central bank to use its power over the nominal rate to control the real rate of interest is as limited as the conventional interpretation of the Fisher equation suggests, here's my question: When critics of monetary stimulus accuse the Fed of rigging interest rates, using the Fed's power to keep interest rates “artificially low,” taking bread out of the mouths of widows, orphans and millionaires, what exactly are they talking about? The Fed has no legal power to set interest rates; it can only announce what interest rate it will lend at, and it can buy and sell assets in the market. It has an advantage because it can create the money with which to buy assets. But if you believe that the Fed cannot reduce the rate of unemployment below the “natural rate of unemployment” by printing money, why would you believe that the Fed can reduce the real rate of interest below the “natural rate of interest” by printing money? Martin Feldstein and the Wall Street Journal believe that the Fed is unable to do one, but perfectly able to do the other. Sorry, but I just don't get it.
Look at the accompanying chart. It tracks the three variables in the Fisher equation (the nominal interest rate, the real interest rate, and expected inflation) from October 1, 2007 to July 2, 2013. To measure the nominal interest rate, I use the yield on 10-year Treasury bonds; to measure the real interest rate, I use the yield on 10-year TIPS; to measure expected inflation, I use the 10-year breakeven TIPS spread. The yield on the 10-year TIPS is an imperfect measure of the real rate, and the 10-year TIPS spread is an imperfect measure of inflation expectations, especially during financial crises, when the rates on TIPS are distorted by illiquidity in the TIPS market. Those aren't the only problems with identifying the TIPS yield with the real rate and the TIPS spread with inflation expectations, but those variables usually do provide a decent approximation of what is happening to real rates and to inflation expectations over time.
Before getting to the main point, I want to make a couple of preliminary observations about the behavior of the real rate over time. First, notice that the real rate declined steadily, with a few small blips, from October 2007 to March 2008, when the Fed was reducing the Fed Funds target rate from 4.75 to 3% as the economy was sliding into a recession that officially began in December 2007. The Fed reduced the Fed Funds target to 2% at the end of April, but real interest rates had already started climbing in early March, so the failure of the FOMC to reduce the Fed Funds target again till October 2008, three weeks after the onset of the financial crisis, clearly meant that there was at least a passive tightening of monetary policy throughout the second and third quarters, helping create the conditions that precipitated the crisis in September. The rapid reduction in the Fed Funds target from 2% in October to 0.25% in December 2008 brought real interest rates down, but, despite the low Fed Funds rate, a lack of liquidity caused a severe tightening of monetary conditions in early 2009, forcing real interest rates to rise sharply until the Fed announced its first QE program in March 2009.
I won't go into more detail about ups and downs in the real rate since March 2009. Let's just focus on the overall trend. From that time forward, what we see is a steady decline in real interest rates from over 2% at the start of the initial QE program till real rates bottomed out in early 2012 at just over -1%. So, over a period of three years, there was a steady 3% decline in real interest rates. This was no temporary phenomenon; it was a sustained trend. I have yet to hear anyone explain how the Fed could have single-handedly produced a steady downward trend in real interest rates by way of monetary expansion over a period of three years. To claim that decline in real interest rates was caused by monetary expansion on the part of the Fed flatly contradicts everything that we think we know about the determination of real interest rates. Maybe what we think we know is all wrong. But if it is, people who blame the Fed for a three-year decline in real interest rates that few reputable economists – and certainly no economists that Fed critics pay any attention to — ever thought was achievable by monetary policy ought to provide an explanation for how the Fed suddenly got new and unimagined powers to determine real interest rates. Until they come forward with such an explanation, Fed critics have a major credibility problem.
So please – please — Wall Street Journal editorial page, Martin Feldstein, John Taylor, et al., enlighten us. We're waiting.
PS Of course, there is a perfectly obvious explanation for the three-year long decline in real interest rates, but not one very attractive to critics of QE. Either the equilibrium real interest rate has been falling since 2009, or the equilibrium real interest rate fell before 2009, but nominal rates adjusted slowly to the reduced real rate. The real interest rate might have adjusted more rapidly to the reduced equilibrium rate, but that would have required expected inflation to have risen. What that means is that sometimes it is the real interest rate, not, as is usually assumed, the nominal rate, that adjusts to the expected rate of inflation. My next post will discuss that alternative understanding of the implicit dynamics of the Fisher equation.
Advertisements
It's not long until my flight leaves for Thailand now, and I'm sooo excited to go! It feels like i booked the trip an eternity ago, and I just want to get there now. Even though it still feels a bit scary to travel to pretty much the other side of the world all by myself, the nervousity has kind of turned into excitement. Everyone I'll meet at the resort will be people who share my mindset, so I don't feel like making new friends will be a problem!
One thing that is a problem, however, is packing. I've always been terrible at packing, and bring waay to many things with me every time.. For the three years that I've been practising yoga and mindfulness I've also been trying to go down a more minimalistic path – but it's not as easy as I thought it would be. In my mind, I would just get rid of everything I don't need and life would get easier just like that. I did however realize that I'm terrible at throwing away things because “I might need them someday”, and that I buy way to much stuff. So my plan of becoming a minimalist and not having much to choose from when packing from my trip failed miserably. So here I am, sat on the floor, filling my suitcase with way more shorts than I'll need.
It's still about one month left until I leave, but I've started packing already. It's not like I'm going to have any use for my shorts here in the UK anyway.. And I'm getting so excited to leave, looking at pictures from the resort I'll be staying at pretty much every day. It looks absolutely beautiful, and I'm a bit worrid that I'll want to stay forever once I get there. The resort is set on the beach, and I'll be staying at a bungalow just by the water – that's the dream! Imagine finding inner peace through yoga and meditation at a place like that, where there will be no noise other than the waves coming in on the beach.. Can you tell that I'm excited?
By the way, do you remember how I wrote about my fear of flying in the last post? I thought that online casino would be the remedy, but now I've found a new favourite entertainment – betting! I've always been into sports, football especially, so I don't know why I haven't discovered online betting until now? I found a site called oddsexpert.co.uk that provides an odds comparison and a list for where you can find live streams from different matches. I've fallen in love with the excitement, and imagine placing a bet and watching the live stream from the match on the plane? The flight will pass in no time! Like I said, I'm so excited to go…
Anthony Allen and Jeremiah Johnson have formed an effective running back tandem for the B.C. Lions this season, combining for 579 rushing yards in the team's first nine games. This week, however, Allen, gets the spotlight to himself as the subject of our Q&A. The former Super Bowl champion with the Baltimore Ravens discusses fashion, martial arts, Beyonce and trying to convince friends that he had a famous cousin.
• • •
Q: You played your college football at Georgia Tech. That makes you a Yellow Jacket. I need to know if your wardrobe currently includes a yellow jacket?
A: (Laughs) No, it doesn't.
Q: OK, but let's stick with clothing and colour. What's your best look? When you dress up, what's the colour of your best suit?
A: I'm going to have to say my burgundy suit. Yeah, my burgundy suit because I've got the burgundy gators (shoes) to go with it and the snakeskin belt.
Q: Snakeskin. Nice, but that isn't the best belt you own. I'm not sure if fans realize you've got a black belt in taekwondo.
A: I do. I got it when I was 15, but I started when I was four. It took a lot of hard work and dedication, I can tell you that. A lot of blood, sweat and tears went into that. It was definitely earned. It wasn't bought. It was definitely earned.
Q: Did you do the 24-hour endurance test to earn the belt?
A: I've done everything. I've done meditation tests. I've done push-up tests. I fought in a world championship. I fought 10 people in a row. I've done everything.
Q: Ten in a row? That's impressive, but not as impressive as your win loss-record. I saw somewhere that you had a competitive record of 102-1. I have to ask what happened in the one loss?
A: The one was when I first started fighting before they separated boys and girls and I punched a girl too hard in the face and got disqualified. That's my one loss. It was like my third fight, so I thought my record was going to be bad, but I just kept going with it.
Q: All these years later, do you still practise tae kwon do?
A: Oh yeah, most definitely. It helps with my football by keeping me flexible and in times where there is a stressful situation or some adversity, I kind of breathe through it, go back to those old things I learned doing tae kwon do about controlling your breathing and controlling your body in those types of moments.
Q: Have you ever had to use your martial arts in real life?
A: (Laughs) Oh, I have a few times. I've been in a couple of street fights. I haven't had to bring too much out of my utility bag. I've kept it with the hands. I've never brought the feet into it. (laughs)
Q: You have a black belt and a Super Bowl ring. Not a bad collection. What's that experience like getting to be a part of everything that goes along with playing in — and winning — a Super Bowl?
A: It was unreal. And to be able to experience it with the people I did. Ray Lewis was my idol coming up and him being the leader of that team and it being his last year, that was a big moment in my life, a moment I'll never forget and a lot of fun.
Q: That was Super Bowl 47. Do you know what 47 is in roman numerals?
A: No, I don't. Is that XXVII?
Q: Not bad, but no. It's XLVII
A: I just took a guess. I knew the V was a five.
Q: Let's try this one: Jacoby Jones returned the second-half kickoff in that game for a touchdown. Do you remember how long the return was?
A: One hundred and eight yards. I was a part of that play. I told Jacoby, “If I block my guy, you're gone.” And I blocked my guy and he was gone and we danced in the end zone.
Q: And then the lights went out.
A: And then the lights went out. We waited for like 45 minutes to an hour to play again. That was crazy.
Q: Beyonce was the halftime act?
A: She was. But we didn't get to see it. We could hear it, but we didn't get to see it. Alicia Keys sang the national anthem, though. So we saw that.
Q: I thought maybe you'd try to sneak a glimpse of Beyonce.
A: I was thinking about trying to, but this was the Super Bowl and I didn't want to be the guy that got kicked off the team during Super Bowl. (laughs)
A lot of People notice when you Succeed, but they don't see what it takes to get there! 🐾 pic.twitter.com/9to7eg1k84 — Emmanuel Arceneaux (@mannyshow84) August 17, 2016
Q: Beyonce is hounded by the paparazzi. Who on this team takes the most photos?
A: Takes the most photos? (Long pause) I don't know. But I'll tell you the guy who finds the most photos of himself is Manny (Arceneaux). Manny is amazing. I don't know where he finds the stuff he puts on Twitter. Manny always finds some nice pictures of himself. Always. It's crazy.
Q: Alright, so Manny's one of your favourites right now. But what about all time? I think I saw somewhere that you listed Emmitt Smith as your guy.
A: I was one of those kids that came up during the '90s so there was a lot of Dallas Cowboys action going on in my house.
Q: I thought maybe you were a Marcus Allen guy, given your last name.
A: I probably would have been, but I just wasn't in his age range. I was a little young then. But when I found out about Marcus Allen, I tried to act like he was my cousin and stuff and I'd wear his jersey to football practice.
Q: Did it ever work for you?
A: (Laughs) Nah, it didn't work for me. He is a good running back and I do look up to him a lot. He changed the game just for being such a versatile back where he did everything. He pass protected, he caught the ball out of the backfield and he ran it.
Q: What was it about Emmitt that made him your guy?
A: He was just so smooth. He never looked like the fastest guy. He never looked like the biggest guy. But somehow he has the most yards in history. And that type of consistency he had, you just knew Emmitt was coming to play. It didn't matter how good their offensive line was or their receivers or quarterback, you knew Emmitt was always coming to play.
When Dr. Christina Hoff Sommers came to campus to discuss her vision of feminism based on equality and the freedom of each sex to do as it chooses last week, the Sexual Assault Peer Education program protested her presence. It emailed its members stating that “an extremist anti-feminist speaker that dismisses and denies survivors of sexual assault” was coming to campus and insisted on “trigger warnings” outside the event.
Continuing, this past Monday The Hoya's Editorial Board published the editorial “No More Distractions” (April 21, 2015, The Hoya, A2) about how outrageous it was to bring a speaker on campus that disagrees with them. The editorial argued that Dr. Sommers' opinion and prior writings on sexual assault statistics were distracting and that this “is not the conversation that students should be having.” This is despite the fact that Dr. Sommers' remarks on campus were about her version of feminism. She only addressed sexual assault because the protestors brought it up.
This knee-jerk reaction of dismissing opinions that do not sit well with the listener while ignoring the substance of what is actually being discussed is indicative of a larger problem within the modern feminist movement. Despite what every self-proclaimed feminist has rather condescendingly reassured me, modern feminism is not simply about the fact that men and women should be equal. This patronizing definition ignores how incredibly politicized modern feminism has become. It is not simply a movement aimed at getting men and women equal treatment. It is deeply embedded in a hyper-political framework, and removing it from this framework would constitute a misunderstanding of social movements and the true meaning of feminism today.
For example, feminist political organizations regularly focus on abortion rather than on achieving equal representation, marginalizing pro-life women. The National Organization for Women prefers to donate money to men's political campaigns rather than support a pro-life woman. With only 19.4 percent of Congress made up of women, we are far from accomplishing parity in politics. If equality were really the aim of these feminists, they would not exclude pro-life women from their organizations.
The fate of those who fail to live up to the feminist political agenda is much worse — even liberal feminists do not escape the scathing punishment. When Patricia Arquette used her Oscar acceptance speech to discuss the wage gap, some derided her for not saying enough about intersectionality, while others even labeled her comments as “insulting.” Speeches can only last so long, yet not including “enough” will prompt endless vitriol from some of today's feminists.
And that is how some modern feminists treat those who largely agree with them. The real fury is reserved for those who dare to think differently. Dr. Sommers, one of many advocates for accurate statistics and due process when it comes to campus sexual assault, was on the receiving end of this fury last week. She was called a “rape apologist” for refusing to conform to the feminist political agenda.
If feminists were consistent in their outrage, this would also mean the Department of Justice and The Washington Post are equally deserving of being labeled “rape apologists.” They agree that the “one-in-five college-aged women is sexually assaulted” statistic repeated by campus activists, the White House, and the Center for Disease Control is false since it is based on a study done at two universities and not the nation at large.
As journalist Glenn Kessler of The Washington Post column “Fact Checker” notes, “This oft-cited statistic comes from a Web-based survey of two large universities, making it misleading to suggest that it is representative of the experience of all college women.” The Department of Justice puts the rate of reported sexual assault among college women at a much lower 0.61 percent — and that number is on the decline. Having an honest discussion about sexual assault is necessary in order to confront the problem. The real disservice to victims of sexual assault is the promulgation of false statistics that undermine their cause and belittle their fights for justice.
Although ignoring the facts of underlying opposing opinions and resorting to name-calling is beyond obscene and falls outside the accepted boundaries of civil discourse, it is par for the course for modern feminists. Feminist hysteria over every oppositional opinion has turned them into caricatures of themselves.
When only 18 percent of Americans identify themselves with a movement that alleges to solely stand for equality, the problem is not with Americans. It is with the movement. Most women are all too happy avoiding the laughingstock that some say modern feminism has become. To advance true equality with the broad support of all women, the movement needs to be more inclusive and less political. If feminists want us to sign on, they need to adapt.
Mallory Carr is a junior in the College. This is the final appearance of The Right Corner this semester.
A lot was made about recent comments from Donald Trump about flag burning. On Twitter, Trump proposed that there should be consequences for people who burn the America flag. Trump tweeted:
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag – if they do, there must be consequences – perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2016
Many of the left criticized Trump for this opinion, punishments for burning the flag impede on First Amendment rights. Trump supporters immediately tried to deflect the criticism, stating that Hillary Clinton actually proposed some similar during her political career. So, what was proposed by Hillary Clinton regarding flag burning?
Is It Illegal To Burn An American Flag?
First, let's dispel the notion that there is anything illegal about burning an American flag. Flag burning cases have reached the United States Supreme Court twice. First, in Texas v. Johnson (1989), the Supreme Court ruled that flag burning is protected by the First Amendment. The following year, the Supreme Court invalidated a newly proposed federal law banning flag burning in the United States v. Eichman (1990) decision. Just remember to be careful where you burn your flags. There are plenty of federal and state laws which ban starting fires in various public and private places.
Hillary Clinton on Flag Burning
In 2005, then-Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) co-sponsored the Flag Protection Act of 2005, which would have prohibited burning, damaging, or destroying the flag of the United States. The Flag Protection Act of 2005 called for a punishment of up to twelve months in prison and a fine of up to $100,000. If the flag was property of the United States government, the proposed punishments became harsher — up to two years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000. Ultimately, the Flag Protection Act failed to even be considered by the United States Congress and would have likely been struck down by the Supreme Court as an infringement of First Amendment rights.
Considering this is the only public position we have seen Clinton take on the issue of flag burning, Objective News Report rates the claim that Hillary Clinton previously supported punishments for flag burning as TRUE. Although Clinton's proposed punishments are nowhere near as ridiculous as revoking citizenship, it's clear that Hillary Clinton co-sponsored an anti-flag burning bill.
Unreported almost anywhere, in March 2014 the Grand Ayatollah Sayyed Mohammad Sadeq Hussaini Rohani in Qom, Iran issued an extraordinary formal legal ruling (a “fatwa”) regarding the use of entheogens and psychoactive substances otherwise known as “psychedelics”.
He ruled that it is permissible (“ḥalāl”) for Shi'i Muslims to use such substances, provided it be under the direction and supervision of qualified experts. He also ruled that such plant substances as a rule do not impair the mind.
There are no exact specifications in Grand Ayatollah Rohani's fatwa as to which entheogens and psychoactive substances are meant to be included in the ruling and which ones are deemed to be excluded.
However detailed discussions over 18 months with the Ayatollah leading up to his ruling included the effects and properties of DMT, Ayahuasca and Haoma, psilocybin mushrooms, cannabis, LSD and Ibogaine.
The full story of how this all came about is revealed in an interview with Wahid Azal, a Sufi mystic and Islamic scholar. He explains how formal discussions regarding the use of these drugs were initiated at the highest level's of the orthodox Shi'i ecclesiastical establishment in Iran.
One of the reasons for this enlightened attitude could be due to psychedelics resemblance to psycho active harmaline which is found in the sacred plant Esfand (peganum harmala), which the Prophet himself took for 50 days at one point (according to one variant of the Faith).
This ruling could have have reaching implications as it will allow medical research into psychedelics to proceed in important parts of the Muslim world; research which is either banned or does not receive the financial support it deserves in the west.
On Sept. 6, 2016, Sen. Bernie Sanders could be seen at his first general election rally for his formal primary rival in Lebanon, New Hampshire.
“On issue after issue, there should be no doubt in anybody's mind as to whether Hillary Clinton is the superior candidate because in every respect she is,” Sanders told the crowd. “I intend, as a United States senator, to do everything that I can between now and Election Day to make certain that Donald Trump does not become the next president of the United States.”
It was a glowing endorsement after a prolonged and bitter primary contest between the senator and former secretary of state that had exposed divisions within the Democratic Party, which were simmering for some time. Sanders spent a good portion of the fall campaigning on Clinton's behalf and was arguably her most important surrogate, even more so than Barack Obama.
One year later, instead of being president for the past nine months, Clinton is releasing her new memoir, What Happened, which details her experience as the Democratic Party's 2016 nominee and, as the title suggests, what caused the opposite result of what she had hoped for. In it, she finally places some blame on herself for her loss. She acknowledged the bad “optics” of giving paid speeches to Wall Street firms and she said her decision to use a private email server — the biggest ghost in the closet that spawned months before announcing her campaign and came back to haunt her just days before the election — was “dumb.”
But also in her book, as we've seen multiple times in her public appearances since Nov. 9, she continues to place blame on other factors, including some subtle swipes unlike anything before at the independent senator from Vermont.
“He isn't a Democrat. That's not a smear, that's what he says,” she writes of Sanders. “He didn't get into the race to make sure a Democrat won the White House, he got in to disrupt the Democratic Party.”
That right there underscores a very important point. We've deduced time and again that Clinton's defeat was largely due to her inability to read the anger and frustration of the general electorate and inability to understand why Donald Trump was appealing to that electorate. But her defeat was first due to her inability to read the anger and frustration within the Democratic Party.
Clinton says Sanders entered the presidential race to disrupt the party. Well, it's about time she figured that out. He got into the race to disrupt the party and received a strong following because enough people decided the party needed disrupting.
While Clinton talked about how great the 1990s were and how the Obama legacy needed to be preserved, Sanders tapped into the economic anxiety felt by millions of Americans — especially young people — by proposing policies and energy that would blow up the political establishment. He understood immediately that this was an election about passion, not party — something Clinton, judged by her comments, still does not understand.
It's not just in her book, either. During the heat of the primaries, Clinton accused Sanders of criticizing Presidents Obama and Bill Clinton because “he wasn't really a Democrat until he decided to run for president.”
It's unfathomable why Clinton even bothered to use that kind of argument. Maybe ideology played a bigger role 25 years ago, but in 2016. It's hard to imagine any Sanders supporter went into a voting booth and thought “you know, Bernie just isn't enough of a Democrat, so I better vote for Hillary.”
Indeed, did Clinton ever stop and wonder why 45 percent of people during the Democratic primaries voted not for her, but for someone who wasn't even a Democrat?
Well, maybe not, given that she says in her book that Sanders' personal attacks “caused lasting damage, making it harder to unify progressives in the general election.”
Or maybe it was because of revelations that the Democratic National Committee had rigged the primary process against Sanders, which led to the resignation of DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who was then replaced by a woman who WikiLeaks shows had leaked CNN debate questions to Clinton.
Yes, it's a real mystery why so many Sanders supporters didn't vote for Clinton in November.
And as it turns out, those defectors made all the difference — and not just those who voted third party. Newsweek reported at the end of August that the number of Sanders primary voters who ended up voting for Trump in the general was crucial to the billionaire's victory. In the three states that solidified Trump's win — Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin — Trump's margin of victory over Clinton was actually smaller than the number of Sanders primary voters who gave their general election vote to the Republican candidate. In other words, had a few thousand people in those states who had voted for a Democratic candidate in the primaries voted for a Democrat in November, a Democrat would be in the White House.
It's no surprise that those three states carry the heart of working class whites who resonated with Trump and Sanders during the primaries and ultimately sided with Trump, leading him to carry all of those reliably blue states. All that did was solidify the Democratic Party's disconnection with a major part of the electorate, something Sanders saw long ago and something mainstream Democrats like Joe Biden and Chuck Schumer have since acknowledged. The only Democrat who neither recognized it before nor after the election is Hillary Clinton.
So she can blame Sanders for personal attacks all she wants. She can blame him for not convincing enough of his voters to support her. She can blame him for not being a Democrat. But at the end of the day, her party is out of power, low on leaders and struggling to stay united. Everyone, including Sen. Sanders, knows why that is. Judging by her book title, it's unclear if Clinton ever will.
comments
Airing opposite the 2015 Billboard Music Awards, Sunday's “Game of Thrones” suffered losses in adults 18-49 and total viewership.
The latest edition of the HBO flagship posted a 3.14 adults 18-49 rating with 6.24 million viewers.
Both numbers were down from last week's broadcast, which drew a 3.48 rating with 6.60 million viewers. The marks are the lowest since the season three finale, which drew a 2.9 rating and reached 5.39 million viewers on June 9, 2013.
While one cannot ignore the competitive impact of the Billboard Music Awards, it is worth noting that last season's most-watched episode aired opposite ABC's 2014 BBMA.
Despite the drop-off, Sunday's “GoT” was still a dominant cable force. It was Sunday night's highest-rated and most-watched cable program.
Among all network offerings, it was the night's #2 program in adults 18-49 and #5 show in total viewership.
Sunday's HBO lineup also included “Silicon Valley” (0.84 with 1.54 million vs. a 0.92 with 1.53 million), “Veep” (0.40 with 0.74 million viewers vs. a 0.43 with 0.82 million) and “Last Week Tonight” (0.50 with 1.036 million vs. a 0.59 with 1.20 million).
By Michael P. Ehline, Esq. – First, let me start by saying that I love the police and that many of my Marine Corps. Brothers are now Deputy Sheriffs or CHP. I am pretty sure at least one Redondo Beach K-9 cop is also an inactive Marine. So the bad things I am about to say about bad cops, are about BAD Cops, not the good ones. In the Corps, we called them “sh+*birds.”
Now that is out of the way, let's delve into the law. First, we will discuss the recording of non-police, so we can get a baseline and basic understanding of California privacy laws and then we will go to the police. So, in California, if you record a private person, and they don't know, you are in trouble.
This remains true even if in public, or even a semi-public place such as out on the sidewalk, bike path, or eating establishment. So if the individual you are taping does not have “an objectively reasonable expectation no one is listening in or overhearing the conversation” you are in trouble.
And this is determined on a case by case basis, based upon the reasonableness of the conditions. So this means you cannot merely assume that you are not breaking the law, when you make a recording of a person, under such circumstances.
Failsafe When Recording Private Citizens – Get Consent First
The Law:
The statute applies to “confidential communications” — i.e., conversations in which one of the parties has an objectively reasonable expectation that no one is listening in or overhearing the conversation. See Flanagan v. Flanagan, 41 P.3d 575, 576-77, 578-82 (Cal. 2002). A California appellate court has ruled that this statute applies to the use of hidden video cameras to record conversations as well. See California v. Gibbons, 215 Cal. App. 3d 1204 (Cal Ct. App. 1989).
In California, always try and get the consent of all parties before recording them, especially if it is reasonable to assume their communications might be “private” or “confidential.”
In addition to subjecting you to criminal prosecution, a violation could also trigger the California wiretapping law in a civil lawsuit for damages by the victim(s). (See also Cal. Penal Code § 637.2.) California's wiretapping law requires “two-party consent.” In California, it is a criminal act, to record or eavesdrop on confidential communications, like private phone calls, private chats, without the consent of all parties to the conversation. (See Cal. Penal Code § 632.) See also http://www.citmedialaw.org/legal-guide/california-recording-law.
Recording of Public Meetings:
In California, all public meeting is legally allowed to be recorded. This legally means you can videotape them unless the state or local body holding the meeting determines that the recording disrupts the proceedings by noise, illumination, or obstruction of view. (Cal. Gov't Code § 11124.1(a); Cal Gov't Code §§ 54953.5(a),-.6.) *To learn more, see the “The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press's Open Government Guide: California.” (Click Here.)
Ok, So Can I Record Cops?
The answer is not a simple yes or no, but in California, it is well-settled law that with exceptions, yes, you can record cops. But you can only film the police while they are on duty, and you can't interfere with their official duties. (So look for bad cops trying to get in between the reporter and blocking their cameras, and then charging the photographer with resisting or obstructing them!)
Otherwise, cops are treated under the law as private citizens, subject to the same protections above, as anyone else. Other jurisdictions agree. The First Court of Appeals stated that it is ok for the general public to videotape employees, e.g., police officers, while they are working. This decision took place after cops were piecemeal arresting citizens who were recording them and the stories were run on television news channels.
In California Can I Record The Police With Video?
The internet, especially Youtube, has shown both the good and the wrong side of the police, especially the TSA goons at the airports. Many agencies, although having received multiple citizen complaints against certain rogue officers, just chose to act as though there was not a problem.
And this is true even though their personnel ignored their sacred oath(s). These are other ones that do not make it to the internet, because no one is there to exercise their First Amendment Rights, or the recorder gets stomped or confiscated and erased. It happens!
In the Youtube examples, you can see a man filming a police officer fiddling with his cell phone. And the police are threatening to arrest him for filming an event. They have surrounded the man and lied to him, telling him he needs an attorney. And they then attacked him, destroyed his property, demanding that he not record the police.
Conversely, in the second video, you also see a friendly cop who understands the law of “open carry,” and who also obviously does not object to the future Youtube video. So this may freak you out. Two cops were doing the reverse of one another. The question is, how legal is it to film the police in public?
There have been some individuals, who have been prosecuted for filming the police. The reason this was able to be done, is because they were charged using old wiretapping laws, or with Penal Code Section 148, (resisting, obstructing, delaying…).
When All Else Fails Penal Code Sec. 148
PC Sec. 148 is the favored section bad cops used to charge people who the police had just violated, such as civil rights violations and excessive use of force. It is a common practice by bad cops to accuse someone they just beat, or broke, with a crime. They do this so they can get leverage in a future civil case if they are sued. Plus this gives the police union some firepower when the bad cops are trying not to get terminated for being, well, a bad cop.
If an arrested criminal defendant pleads out to the false charge (no contest, not guilty, etc.) out of fear, or for lack of money to pay a lawyer, or are “strong-armed” by the public defender, etc., the officer can later argue reasonable force or methods were used. And that is res judicata, etc. in any future civil rights lawsuit. This is the favored method municipal police departments historically have used, and it is very effective at restricting the unalienable rights of the sovereign (you).
Seal Your Coffin With Outdated Wiretap Laws?
Now, these old wiretap laws were enacted in the past to prevent the recording of private conversations. District attorneys faced with prosecuting anyone arrested by police for filming, have only been able to find wiretapping laws to nail the citizen or try and use obstruction charges above. But of course, this is just a pre-text and punishment. It's unjust and Orwellian, right? Well, Courts agree!
Enter Alvarez
This attitude by overzealous prosecutors was forcibly changed recently, with actions of the U.S. Supreme Court, when they chose not to hear the pleas of the ACLU v. Alvarez. The court left in place a ruling by a U.S. Federal Appeals Court ruling. Here, it was declared that Illinois wiretapping laws used for the filming of police violated the individual's First Amendment Rights. Amen!
This ruling was a decision that makes sense and is it right? But UCLA Law Professor Eugene Volokh said there will still be problems. Professor Volokh expressed in a recent television interview; those police officers are not even sure what the law is. And this can lead to your arrest when you disobey the officer ordering the filming be stopped. He said the worst thing that can happen is being taken to the station, where you would be released a few hours later.
Filming our Public Servants Helps Keep them Honest
The good news is law enforcement officials are protecting citizens Constitutional rights. One example of this occurred during Thanksgiving weekend at an airport in Albany. A grassroots movement was there informing travelers about the dangers of TSA body scanner and filmed the encroaching pat-downs at the Albany International Airport. One airport official demanded the activists stop shooting, show their identification and get arrested for breaking the law.
Local law enforcement was called to the scene, where the sheriff told the airport official that the activists were not breaking the law. He could not arrest them or order them to show their identification. This is no surprise since the Sheriffs almost universally understand that many federal enforcement officials trample on individual rights as a matter of course.
The sad part about this is not all members of law enforcement will behave in this manner as did the Shire of the Reef above. In most cases, threats of arrest and intimidation by law enforcement is usually enough to make the activist or individual stop filming. The one thing to remember, it is legal to film the police.
How Not To Get Charged With Obstructing or Delaying
Do stand far enough away from the officer to allow him or her to feel safe.
Do not run, at or stand close to an officer who is performing their duties, if, in any way, you provide a physical barrier to them.
Do be respectful.
They are not your enemy.
Let them know that you are exercising your First Amendment Right to film .
. And tell them if they feel you are a threat, to say to you right away.
That way you can alter any perceived behavior, to make them feel safe in the performance of their duties, short of you not exercising your right to record them.
Sources:
legal-to-film–police/
http://steeringlaw.com/police-misconduct-videos/
https://plus.google.com/u/0/115307003069691533470/about
In an age when every toddler fiddles with electronic game consoles and smartphones, Seiji Kanai says his passion lies in creating analog board games.
The 33-year-old Kanagawa native is among the rising ranks of young independent game designers in Japan who market their handmade works at consumer-to-consumer events such as the internationally popular Comic Market (Comike) and the Game Market, a nonelectronic game expo held two or three times a year in Osaka or Tokyo. There are at least 300 amateur board game designers around the country, Kanai says.
And they are also getting noticed internationally, though at home board games to many people mean ages-old types such as Othello, shogi and go, as well as Jinsei Gemu (Game of Life).
“In Japan, when people think of board games, they think of Game of Life,” Kanai said in a recent interview. “Creating new board games is considered an ‘otaku' (nerd) thing to do.”
But it was through a grass-roots expo that one of Kanai's works reached international audiences.
His Love Letter card game, which he unveiled at a game show in May 2012, grabbed the attention of the president of the Alderac Entertainment Group, a major game publisher in the U.S., who happened to drop by his booth. Featuring only 16 cards, each bearing the illustration of a character such as a princess, a clown, a wizard and a soldier, the game's ultimate goal is to deliver a love letter to the princess in a castle via the hands of the castle's servants.
AEG liked the game so much it bought the rights to sell it with its own design in the United States.
The U.S. version hit the market in October 2012, followed by a German version that was released last October. Altogether, tens of thousands units have been sold, Kanai says.
This has even led Love Letter to be named the Dice Tower Award's best family game of 2012. The award was announced by a U.S. hobbyist website that reviews new and innovative board games.
Kanai, who started making simple “sugoroku” (a Japanese version of Parcheesi) before he reached his teens and has shown off his creations at game shows over the past decade, says his dream is to one day make a living solely through creating new games.
Having dropped out of graduate school, he now lives with his parents in Tokyo and supports himself through odd jobs.
But the fundamental motivation for his game designing is not so much financial gain but the joy of offering entertainment to other people, he says.
“The fun of (board) games is that you battle someone and you get excited when you win, just like shogi,” Kanai says, noting that he plays computer games as well but sticks to creating analog ones because he has no programming skills.
“But your victory cannot be determined entirely by your ability, because the shuffling of the cards means randomness is part of the game. Even if you have good cards, you can lose; no matter how low-ranked your card might be, you can win sometimes. That's the fun of these games.”
And despite the obscurity of original board games in Japan, he sees hope for amateur board game designers. Some of them are getting recognized at international venues, including at Essen Spiel, the biggest game market in Germany, where 300 new games are introduced every year, he says.
“Japan is unique in that there are a lot of individuals who, even though they don't belong to major game publishers, have lots of ideas and are trying to infuse their own sensibilities into games,” Kanai says. “Little by little, they are getting noticed.”
WASHINGTON -- Regardless of political affiliation, Americans strongly support government action to control prescription drug costs, according to a poll released Thursday.
While the 2016 presidential candidates continue to debate President Obama's 5-year-old law expanding coverage for the uninsured, the latest Kaiser Family Foundation survey suggests the public is shifting to other health care issues.
Overall, 72 percent said the cost of prescription medications is unreasonable. Large majorities support requiring pharmaceutical companies to disclose how they set prices (86 percent); allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices on behalf of beneficiaries (83 percent); limiting what drug companies can charge for medications to treat serious illnesses (76 percent); and allowing consumers to get prescriptions filled by pharmacies in Canada (72 percent).
Prices soar for specialty prescription drugs
"Unlike most things in health policy, there is bipartisan support for almost any action we have polled on that people think will control drug prices," said Drew Altman, president of the foundation, a nonpartisan clearinghouse for information on the health care system. "Even Republicans seem to support aggressive action by government."
Representing the drug companies, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America argues that government price controls would stifle an innovative industry that is delivering cures for life-threatening illnesses and allowing many people with chronic disease to lead productive lives.
But high-priced new drugs, including a $1,000 pill for hepatitis C, have alarmed the public. Insurers, state Medicaid programs and even the Department of Veterans Affairs are complaining about the strain on their budgets. The VA and Medicaid programs are both legally entitled to lower prices.
Generally, insurers and employers are requiring patients to pay a bigger share of the cost of new drugs. At the same time, prices for some of the old generic stand-by medications have soared.
As a result, the drug industry seems to be taking a beating when it comes to public opinion. Only about 4 in 10 in the poll viewed pharmaceutical companies favorably, about the same share that holds a positive opinion of oil companies. Even airlines, the target of consumer complaints about bag fees and on-time performance, were viewed favorably by 55 percent.
The fight against counterfeit drugs
As a general proposition, Americans prefer marketplace competition over government regulation to keep drug prices in check, by 51 percent to 40 percent. But the poll found sharp partisan divisions. Seventy-six percent of Republicans prefer competition, while 57 percent of Democrat prefer regulation. Independents are about evenly divided.
The poll found that about half of Americans take a prescription medication, and of those, 7 in 10 say their prescriptions are easy to afford. But one-quarter have difficulty paying for their drugs, including 43 percent of those who are in poor health, and 33 percent of those with low incomes.
"The public is more focused on consumer issues like the price of drugs and out-of-pocket costs than the continuing political battles over the health care law," said Altman. Americans remain divided over the Affordable Care Act, which was viewed favorably by 44 percent, while 41 percent disapproved. Only 28 percent want to see a complete repeal of "Obamacare."
The poll was conducted by telephone Aug. 6-11 among a nationally representative sample of 1,200 adults 18 and older. It has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points for questions based on the total sample.
Portland Aerial Tram celebrates 5 years
The Portland Aerial Tram passes by some of Portland's landmark bridges and the Moda Center.
(Randolph Collyn Glary/Special to the Oregonian)
More people left the Portland area over the summer than moved in, a new study found.
The moving company United Van Lines, which has mined its moving contracts for migration data for 37 years, said Portland was among the metro areas with the biggest moving deficits. Outbound moves outnumbered inbound moves 2 to 1.
The findings are at odds with the region's reputation for strong in-migration and United's own data from a year ago.
The company reported in 2013 that Oregon was the top destination state for movers over the course of that calendar year — and it was runner-up for four years in a row before that.
Michael Stoll, an economist at University of California Los Angeles contracted to interpret the data for United, said the shift comes not because more people are moving out of Oregon. Instead, he said, fewer people are moving into the area, particularly from California.
"You're not seeing the same inflow to Oregon in part because the outflow from California has dropped," Stoll said.
He said it's too early to say if this is representing a reversal of the years of strong in-migration.
"I don't know if this is going back to normal or a deviation from a trend, but it's certainly a departure from the last two or three years," he said.
The summer migration study includes the period from May through August, when 40 percent of the year's moves take place. United will report the entire year's moving data in January.
Charles Rynerson of the Population Research Center at Portland State University said other migration indicators — like tax return data and driver's license trade-ins — available in mid-November that may shed more light on the trends.
The survey found 43.2 percent of people who left the Portland area did so because of a new job, 33.3 percent because of a job transfer, 12.4 percent to retire and 8.6 percent for health or other personal reasons.
Top destination metros
Chicago, Ill. Washington, D.C. Atlanta, Ga. Boston, Mass. Los Angeles, Calif. Dallas, Texas Phoenix, Ariz. New York N.Y. Minneapolis, Minn. San Diego, Calif. Houston, Texas Philadelphia, Pa. Denver, Colo. Seattle, Wash. St. Louis, Mo.
Top metros of origin
Washington, D.C. Dallas, Texas Atlanta, Ga. Houston, Texas Phoenix, Ariz. Chicago, Ill. Seattle, Wash. Los Angeles, Calif. Denver, Colo. San Jose, Calif. Portland, Ore. Charlotte, N.C. Minneapolis, Minn. Boston, Mass. San Diego, Calif.
-- Elliot Njus
As I watched Intel CEO Paul Otellini at CES 2012 announce that both Motorola and Lenovo would be shipping x86 Android smartphones, just one question echoed around my skull: So what? Reading through the details of Medfield, the SoC that that provides the foundation for Intel's smartphone push, the same question began to reverberate.
You see, Medfield isn't head and shoulders above its Cortex-A9 and -A15 competitors. The 1.6GHz Saltwell x86 core is better in some areas — mostly-single-threaded tasks like JavaScript execution and website rendering are stand-out — but in other areas like audio and video playback, where ARM chips have dedicated hardware codecs, the difference is negligible. Intel was also careful to not make any direct comparisons between Medfield's power consumption and the latest chips from Qualcomm, TI, Nvidia, Samsung, and Apple. If the power consumption figures were better than ARM, you can be sure that Otellini would've mentioned it. Still, the figures Intel gave for 3G talk time, multimedia playback, and standby were in line with devices like the Galaxy S II and iPhone 4S.
So far, so good — but to actually answer the question of why Medfield matters we have to zoom out from the technical details and look at the bigger picture. The biggest announcement yesterday wasn't Medfield — it was that Motorola has signed an extensive “multi-year, multi-device strategic partnership” with Intel to produce Android-powered smartphones and tablets. We might not know the exact details of how Intel's x86 smartphone platform compares with ARM, but Motorola does. For months, Motorola will have been privy to the exact specs of Medfield, including the all-important power consumption figures. For months, Motorola will have been studying the architecture of Medfield, analyzing its pros and cons, building prototypes, and seeing how it compares to the ARM SoCs it currently uses. In short, if Motorola didn't think that Medfield was competitive, it wouldn't have agreed to make a bunch of Medfield-powered phones and tablets.
In six months, then, the smartphone industry will go from being completely dominated by a single architecture to a competitive, two-horse race.
To understand how significant this is, you need to understand how constrained smartphone and tablet makers currently are. Except for Qualcomm, which makes its own ARM-compatible cores, every other ARM chip on the market uses reference CPU cores (Cortex-A9, -A15, -A7) from ARM Holdings, a fabless UK company that licenses out chip designs. TI, Samsung, and Nvidia simply take these cores and dress them up differently to produce OMAP, Exynos, and Tegra. Actual performance and power consumption varies very little between chips, with the only real difference being additional features like built-in LTE radio, or a faster GPU — or in the case of Apple's A4/5/6 SoCs, the removal of a few unnecessary features to reduce its power footprint.
With a bona fide x86 smartphone SoC on the market, everything changes. Competition will drive prices down. If you thought smartphones were developing quickly, be prepared for even more new features from both ARM and Intel as they strive to differentiate. Consumers, for the first time ever, will actually have a choice — just like AMD and Intel on the desktop, you will be able to pick a smartphone or tablet with a CPU that best suits your needs.
Most importantly, though, ARM must be painfully aware that Intel has matched the latest and greatest Cortex-A9 with its first ever attempt at a real SoC, and at 32nm no less. While competition from Samsung and Qualcomm are pushing out with limited supplies of 32/28nm chips, Intel has already announced that it will be shrinking its ultra-low-power Atom chips to 22nm in 2013 and 14nm in 2014. Say what you like about ARM chips being inherently more efficient, but the shift to 22nm and 14nm will mean that Intel's ULV chips simply cannot be beaten. ARM can innovate until its blue in the face, but at the end of the day it will be impossible to compete with Intel's far superior manufacturing process — and heck, on top of all that, it's not like Intel doesn't know how to make a good CPU.
In short, ARM & Co. are in a very unenviable position. Intel now has a beachhead and its terrifying, industry-clobbering, 60%-gross-margin wehrmacht will surely follow. You might only see a few Medfield-powered scouts in 2012, but by the time the 22nm Silvermont tanks roll around in 2013 and x86 is better than ARM across the board, expect to see dozens of Santa Clara design wins. Unless TSMC, IBM, GloFo, or Samsung uncover some kind of ancient scroll that details the magic of 14nm, come 2014 and the Airmont core, I wouldn't be surprised if Intel completely dominates the Android smartphone market. Following the Motorola partnership, I would also be very surprised if Microsoft and Apple aren't working on x86 versions of their mobile operating systems, too.
Read more about Medfield
The CFL will have a new-look moving forward.
The league unveiled updated jerseys for each of its nine teams last week, with new supplier Adidas mixing modern changes with classic nods to produce its 2016 collection.
Along with the new uniforms came a line of modern lifestyle clothing products, aimed at appealing to the next generation of CFL fans.
League commissioner Jeffrey Orridge said the new products were met with outstanding reviews.
“Overwhelmingly positive,” Orridge told TSN.ca. “People are really embracing some of the new looks and also some of the classic looks, with just a few tweaks.”
“I think we're being responsive to the fact that there is a younger demographic that wants to demonstrate style and show their pride with their Canadian teams.”
Orridge said that while the jerseys and clothes are targeted at a younger demographic, the league isn't ignoring its entrenched fan base.
“Although it's very appealing to a younger demographic, the avid fans have responded to it as well,” Orridge said. “Because it's new and exciting and it's energizing to people.”
Orridge made it clear the league recognizes the need to stay current in today's rapidly chaning sports landscape.
“Our goal is to not only meet the expectations of our current fans, but certainly capture the attention of that next generation of fans,” he said. “When you're a 104-year-old league, you are constantly doing progressive things to keep people engaged.”
The jerseys and clothing line are one part of a broader initiative the league is taking on to attract younger fans to the Canadian game. That means working toward a better online experience and trying to take advantage of emerging technology.
“What we're doing is across the board,” Orridge said. “Augmenting social media, enhancing our website, looking more into fantasy gaming.”
The league is also making enhanced in-game experiences a priority. When the Roughriders move into the new Mosaic Stadium next year, more than half the league's teams will play in buildings either new or largely renovated in the last four years. Orridge said that gives them a great opportunity to be on the leading edge of innovation.
“The offline experience, you can see it manifesting itself in our stadiums — wider concourses and more social areas,” Orridge said. “It's really about the wraparound experience, and not just the game itself. And we know that the younger demographic is looking for experiences, not just the purchased product.”
Orridge said it's important to make CFL games feel like a party; to give fans an unforgettable in-stadium experience.
“If you look at the new stadiums that have come online - Ottawa is a brilliant example of that, certainly Tim Hortons Field and BMO Field - wider concourses and more opportunity for socialization. And that's what it's about really. Football brings communities together, and we are providing an atmosphere and an environment that just enhances that.”
While the Argonauts haven't yet played in BMO Field, Orridge said the team's move from the Rogers Centre to the Exhibition Grounds will be a coup for the league in more ways than one.
“I think that night ushers in a new era,” Orridge said of the league's regular season opener on June 23 at BMO Field. “For not only the Toronto Argonauts, but also for our league. It's a brand-new start.”
“The great thing about BMO Field is it's already known as a great venue for sport with Toronto FC,” Orridge said. “So you've got that already inherent electricity, coupled with the new improvements. It's a newly renovated stadium with a bunch of enhancements – wider concourses, augmented hospitality. It's a party zone.”
The Argos hope the move to BMO Field will increase their attendance numbers dramatically from last season, when the Pan Am Games forced the team on a cross-country tour. A true Argos home game wasn't played at Rogers Centre until August.
The league could be looking at all teams averaging at least 20,000 fans per game this upcoming season. It's believed teams in that attendance range can turn a profit, but Orridge doesn't want to settle for just that.
“I think the goal has always been to sell out the stadium — whatever stadium you're in, whatever the capacity is,” Orridge said. “That's the goal and that's the goal of every league and every commissioner's wish. If I had a magic wand, it'd be sellouts for the stadiums.”
While attendance numbers across the league are to be determined, Orridge is relishing the opportunities afforded by the league's state-of-the-art venues.
“We're going to continue to make enhancements in the game experience,” he said. “It's a progression and you can see it changing already. We hope to be leaders in many ways on that.”
Bharti Airtel, India's largest telecommunications service provider, today announced the deployment of India's first state-of-the-art Massive Multiple-Input Multiple-Output (MIMO) technology which is a key enabler for 5G networks in the future.
As one of the few commercial deployments of Massive MIMO globally, the deployment puts India on the world map of technology advancement and the digital revolution. Airtel is starting with the first round of deployment in Bangalore & Kolkata and will expand to other parts of the country soon.
Deployed as part of Airtel's ongoing network transformation program, Project Leap, the Massive MIMO technology will expand existing network capacity by five to seven times using the existing spectrum, thereby improving spectral efficiency.
Customers will now be able to experience two to three times superfast speeds on the existing 4G network. Data speeds will now also be seamless, offering enhanced user experience even indoors, in crowded places and high-rise buildings. It would enable multiple users and multiple devices to work simultaneously without facing any congestion or experience issues, especially at hotspot locations.
Massive MIMO is a key enabler and foundation for technology revolutions to come. It is a pre-5G technology that will make the network future ready for meeting the data demand coming from digital revolution and data explosion in India. Customers can enjoy these faster data speeds on their existing 4G mobile devices without any upgrades or plan change. Massive MIMO deployment uses green technology and thus helps reduce carbon footprint.
Abhay Savargaonkar, Director – Networks, Bharti Airtel said, “India is fast striding towards exponential and unprecedented data growth. Our latest deployment of Massive MIMO will help us serve this demand and would also give an impetus to build a future-ready network. The deployment gives us a strategic advantage to provide faster speeds and enhanced the user experience for our customers, thereby translating into improved spectrum efficiency.”
Massive MIMO creates 3D beams both on horizontal and vertical planes towards users located within its coverage footprint. This helps in improving coverage and reducing interference across users in different beams, thereby improving signal quality (SINR) by 2-3dB. Serving multiple users by re-using the same set of resource blocks (MU-MIMO) with improved signal quality helps in improving user experience, cell capacity and spectrum efficiency.
Airtel recently announced a strategic partnership with Korean telecommunications service provider SK Telecom to leverage its expertise to build the most advanced telecom network in India. Under this partnership, Airtel and SKT will also collaborate on an on-going basis towards jointly building and enabling an ecosystem for the introduction of evolved technology standards of 5G, Network Functions Virtualization (NFV), Software-defined Networking (SDN) and the Internet of Things (IoT) in the Indian context.
FIREFIGHTERS called to extinguish a small blaze in an office building were horrified to find a dead man with an axe in his head, a woman secretary who had been beheaded and a third also dead with her tongue cut out.
The shocking discovery was made after the firefighters were called to the office of a former Peruvian prosecutor in Madrid.
They discovered the triple murder and called police to the district of Usera, popular with immigrants in the city of Madrid, the Spanish capital.
The office belongs to the former Peruvian prosecutor who now works as a lawyer in Spain, mostly on cases involving international clients.
Authorities were notified of a fire in the building after one person in a nearby office smelt smoke and saw a fire burning.
She said: “I smelt smoke and called the firemen who arrived quickly.”
After extinguishing the blaze they found a man, a 42-year-old from Ecuador who they believe was a client. He was said to have an axe embedded in his head and around him was a small fire made up of documents and books.
The other two victims, found in another room, were both women, also of Latin American descent and the lawyer's employees.
One has been identified as 35-year-old Marisa, who is known in the neighbourhood for handing out leaflets for legal help. The other is believed to be 31, although neither has been officially identified.
Both employees were found on the floor and according to local media, one either had her throat cut or had been beheaded. The other woman had a head wound.
In that room too, there was a small fire of books and papers, possibly the criminals' attempt to try and burn the bodies and destroy the evidence.
The police have been able to locate the Peruvian lawyer, identified as Victor, who was not in his office at the time. The lead investigators in the case have reportedly probed him to discover past disputes and possible suspects.
Victor was reportedly a state lawyer in Peru, where he dealt with kidnapping and drug trafficking cases, among others. Since then he has worked in the law firm in Madrid, which is reportedly of good repute and was founded 18 years ago.
IT'S a war-torn country on the brink of a catastrophic famine.
The sheer scale of the deprivation is staggering: of Yemen's 25.6 million people, almost 19 million are in urgent need of assistance, according to the United Nations.
For more than two years, Yemen has been in the grip of a conflict between a Saudi-led military coalition and Shiite rebels that has driven the Arab world's poorest country to catastrophe.
But the conflict has been overshadowed by the war in Syria — which has generated a far larger refugee crisis — according to humanitarian workers.
All UN mediation attempts and seven declared ceasefires have so far failed.
Yemen's conflict has killed more than 10,000 civilians, wounded tens of thousands more, and forced 3.3 million people to flee their homes, according to the United Nations.
Doctors Without Borders, known by the French acronym MSF, says it has treated 66,000 people.
“The situation is nothing short of catastrophic,” Robert Mardini from the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), who recently returned from Yemen, told the BBC.
“What everyone tells you is that life has become unbearable.”
Even before the conflict, Yemen was the poorest country in the Middle East.
On Tuesday, a U.N. conference drummed up more than $1 billion in pledged aid for the war-torn country on the southern edge of the Arabian Peninsula.
UN chief Antonio Guterres called the conference a “remarkable success.”
Yet the $1.1 billion (1.0 billion euros) promised fell far short of the $2.1 billion the UN has estimated is needed this year alone in a country facing “a tragedy of immense proportions.”
When opening the conference Tuesday morning, Guterres had said it was vital to act quickly.
“We are witnessing the starving and the crippling of an entire generation,” he said, adding that Yemen is gripped by “the world's largest hunger crisis”.
He warned that children especially were already dying at an alarming rate, but stressed that “a famine can be prevented if we act quickly and commit to funding crucial lifesaving assistance”.
The UN had already said back in February that it would need $2.1 billion to help avert famine in Yemen, but by the time Tuesday's conference opened, that appeal had only been 15 per cent funded.
Yemen's Prime Minister Ahmed Obaid Mubarek Bin-Dagher had urged donors to be generous, describing how some of his compatriots were “writhing with hunger”.
“$2.1 billion is the minimum that we should plan on raising,” he told the conference.
Swiss Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter, who along with his Swedish counterpart co-hosted the conference, also applauded the results but acknowledged that “we need even more.”
UN humanitarian chief Stephen O'Brien meanwhile said that Yemen was “the world's largest humanitarian crisis today”.
“We must do more and can do more,” he said, insisting that “we can, with your money and support, scale up, we can avert famine and the worst catastrophe.”
But Mr O'Brien underlined that humanitarian aid alone would not resolve Yemen's crisis.
“We need an immediate cessation of hostilities and a return to negotiations and peace,” he said.
Yemen's war has pitted pro-government forces against Iran-backed Huthi rebels and their allies, renegade troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh.
Here is a look at the crisis in Yemen:
‘WORLD'S LARGEST HUNGER CRISIS'
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres says around 17 million people in Yemen are food insecure, “making this the world's largest hunger crisis.” The UN says some 18.8 million people — more than half of Yemen's total population of 27 million — need humanitarian or protection assistance. Nearly 14 million lack access to drinking water.
CHILDREN SUFFERING
Nearly 2.2 million children are malnourished, including half a million who are severely malnourished and at imminent risk of death if they do not receive care, according to the UN children's agency and the World Food Program. Of the 12 million children in the country, 80 per cent suffer daily from acute humanitarian needs.
“On average, a child under the age of five dies of preventable causes in Yemen every 10 minutes,” Mr Guterres said.
“This means 50 children in Yemen will die during today's conference, and all those deaths could have been prevented.”
Many of the children who survive “will be affected by stunting and poor health for their entire lives,” he added.
Anthony Lake, head of the UN children's agency, urged the world to act immediately, warning that “these children cannot wait for an official famine to be declared.”
Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom noted that with two million children out of school, there is a growing risk of recruitment by armed groups, while two-thirds of girls are married off before the age of 18.
“We must act now”, she said.
ATTACKS ON HEALTH FACILITIES
The World Health Organisation says there have been some 325 attacks on health facilities, schools, markets, roads, and other infrastructure since the war escalated two years ago. Fewer than 45 per cent of health facilities are now fully functioning, and the flow of “essential medicines” has fallen by nearly 70 per cent, it said.
DISPLACEMENT
Since 2015, about 3.3 million people have been forced to flee their homes, though nearly 1.3 million have returned to their home regions, according to the UN's International Organisation for Migration. But Yemen's conflict has been overshadowed by the war in Syria, which has generated a far larger refugee crisis.
THE INTERNATIONAL RESPONSE
Mr Guterres said donors meeting in Geneva on Tuesday pledged $1.1 billion in aid to Yemen, a little more than half the $2.1 billion sought in this year's UN appeal. UN officials were examining the pledges to determine how much was really new money.
The United States, which supports the Saudi-led coalition, said it was committing nearly $94 million in additional humanitarian assistance, bringing its total to $526 million since the 2016 fiscal year.
Humanitarian groups say any additional international aid is only a stopgap and have called for a political solution to end the war. The last round of peace talks between the warring parties broke down in August, after which the coalition shut down Sanaa airport, heavily limiting access to the rebel-held capital and much of northern Yemen.
megan.palin@news.com.au
Oral leukoplakia is a potentially malignant lesion of the oral cavity, for which no effective treatment is available. We investigated the effectiveness of curcumin, a potent inhibitor of NF-κB/COX-2, molecules perturbed in oral carcinogenesis, to treat leukoplakia. Subjects with oral leukoplakia (n = 223) were randomized (1:1 ratio) to receive orally, either 3.6 g/day of curcumin (n = 111) or placebo (n = 112), for 6 months. The primary endpoint was clinical response obtained by bi-dimensional measurement of leukoplakia size at recruitment and 6 months. Histologic response, combined clinical and histologic response, durability and effect of long-term therapy for an additional six months in partial responders, safety and compliance were the secondary endpoints. Clinical response was observed in 75 (67.5%) subjects [95% confidence interval (CI), 58.4-75.6] in the curcumin and 62 (55.3%; 95% CI, 46.1-64.2) in placebo arm (P = 0.03). This response was durable, with 16 of the 18 (88.9%; 95% CI, 67.2-96.9) subjects with complete response in curcumin and 7 of 8 subjects (87.5%) in placebo arm, demonstrating no relapse after 6 months follow-up. Difference in histologic response between curcumin and placebo was not significant (HR, 0.88, 95% CI, 0.45-1.71; P = 0.71). Combined clinical and histologic response assessment indicated a significantly better response with curcumin (HR, 0.50; 95% CI, 0.27-0.92; P = 0.02). Continued therapy, in subjects with partial response at 6 months, did not yield additional benefit. The treatment did not raise any safety concerns. Treatment of oral leukoplakia with curcumin (3.6 g for six months), thus was well tolerated and demonstrated significant and durable clinical response for 6 months. Cancer Prev Res; 9(8); 683-91.
©2016 AACR.
ST MORITZ, Switzerland (Reuters) - American Lindsey Vonn sustained an injury during the World Cup super-G race in St Moritz on Saturday as Switzerland's Lara Gut crashed halfway down the course.
Alpine Skiing - FIS Alpine Skiing World Cup - Women's Alpine Super G - St. Moritz, Switzerland - December 9, 2017 - Lindsey Vonn of the U.S. reacts at the finish line. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Vonn, four-times overall World Cup champion and the finest woman skier of her generation, fell to the ground grimacing as she slowed down after the finishing line and she staggered away with what appeared to be either a hip or back injury.
Vonn, who finished 24th, spent just under an hour in the medical treatment tent before being escorted to a waiting car and driven away. The 33-year-old walked the few meters to the car with great difficulty.
An ambulance was called but was not needed.
With two months to go before the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, Vonn said on Twitter that she had “an acute facet (spinal joint) dysfunction” but said she might still compete in Sunday's race which is another Super G.
“I got compressed on the sixth gate and my back seized up. Rested and had a lot of therapy tonight. We will see how I feel tomorrow and then decide if I will race,” she said.
The U.S. team said Vonn “skied through pain but didn't have power to push.”
Vonn, downhill gold medalist in Vancouver in 2010, missed the 2014 games in Sochi because of a knee injury.
Gut, recently recovered from a serious knee injury, lost her balance high on the course, fell and flew into the safety netting. She was able to walk away after being disentangled by course officials.
Gut, the overall World Cup winner in 2016 and bronze medalist in the downhill at the Sochi Olympics, tore an anterior cruciate ligament in her knee at the same venue at the world championships in February.
The race, on a shortened course, was held in difficult conditions and was interrupted several times as wind blew clouds of snow across the course.
Switzerland's Jasmine Flury, who had never previously finished on the podium in a World Cup race, was a surprise winner, starting from 14th, in one minute 2.59 seconds.
She finished 0.10 seconds ahead of compatriot Michelle Gisin while Liechtenstein's Tina Weirather was third.
Flury admitted she had enjoyed the best of the very changeable conditions.
“I don't know what to say, unbelievable,” she said. “Everything went well - no wind, good vision, sun,” she said.
"We were paralyzed by the dumbness of the times. So we did our best to change them." That's Morrissey, on how clueless gatekeepers blocked the Smiths' "How Soon Is Now?" from bigger commercial success, in the new book Mad World: An Oral History of New Wave Artists and Songs That Defined the 1980s. His comments here are striking partly for how little has changed—in Morrissey's telling, everyone else was wrong: the other Smiths, who were "embarrassed" by the lyrics; producer John Porter, who downplayed them; Rough Trade head Geoff Travis, who relegated the song to a UK B-side; and the American chartkeepers and TV producers, who failed to recognize the track's genius. Morrissey's remarks also stand out, though, for their optimism. All his hope might've been gone, as he sang, but he still left a scrap for the rest of us.
Though World Peace Is None of Your Business, Morrissey's first album in five years, comes in times that are undoubtedly just as dumb in their own way, the Smiths' place within them is secure. Defunct for almost three decades, the band is a perennial subject of Coachella reunion whispers. Morrissey elicits tributes in "Parks and Recreation" dialogue and Peanuts-themed Tumblr mashups alike. The gap between albums is his longest since virtually disappearing between 1997's misunderstood Maladjusted and 2004's tommy gun-blazing You Are the Quarry, but nowadays Morrissey is rarely far from the public eye, whether publishing a sometimes-brilliant memoir, canceling tour dates (while blaming the opener), or getting into it over animal rights with Jimmy Kimmel and Los Angeles' Staples Center. Remember when he appeared to start using Twitter? Then denied using Twitter? Post-financial crisis, he's as ubiquitous as global protest movements.
Tour and Twitter drama aside, the rollout of World Peace has still managed only to raise Morrissey's profile, from the album's priceless album cover and tracklist to unconventional spoken-word videos guest-starring past musical collaborator Nancy Sinatra and fellow PETA activist Pamela Anderson. The full-length itself, though—in a characteristic Morrissey twist—is hardly welcoming to newcomers. It's musically as rich and worldly as Morrissey gets, and the 55-year-old who early last year addressed another round of health concerns by quipping that "the reports of my death have been greatly understated" proves he can be as hilarious and multi-dimensional as ever. But it's also a deeply sour record, even for Morrissey. He's always had it both ways, singing his life but with a wink that resists literal interpretations; even so, this album's expressions of wide-ranging contempt are at times unbecomingly convincing.
Ever since You Are the Quarry weathered criticism for Jerry Finn's unsubtle production, Morrissey's albums have flourished sonically, and that growth is its furthest-reaching to date on World Peace. Boz Boorer, on guitar since 1992's Your Arsenal, brings a muscular continuity and sense of comfort—but keyboard/synthesizer newcomer Gustavo Manzur and producer Joe Chiccarelli (the White Stripes, Beck) go beyond the Ennio Morricone orchestral cameo from 2006's Ringleader of the Tormentors and the unpredictable luxuriance of 2009's Years of Refusal. Recorded in France, the album makes the world its business, encompassing meditative drones along with flamenco guitars and mariachi horns. It's as meticulously detailed as it is cosmopolitan, and marks the second straight Morrissey album that rewards listening without paying attention to the lyrics.
Morrissey's golden vibrato also sounds gloriously undamaged by his recent medical woes. As ever, it's most evident in his nonverbal tics—the way he stretches out the word "ways" into umpteen syllables on "Staircase at the University", an "Ask"-jaunty number about a student whose academic imperfections lead to suicide, and how he melismatically unfurls "cries" on "The Bullfighter Dies", another cheerfully morbid song cheering the perfectly Morrissey-esque subject of the title ("because we all want the bull to survive"). "Neal Cassady Drops Dead" is as jagged and punchy as its bleakly funny, faux-Beat tirade about "babies full of rabies/ Rabies full of scabies/ Scarlett has a fever.../ The little fella has got Rubella." Morrissey still knows how to be cranky with aplomb.
Still, at times the intricate arrangements come across as a means of covering up unmemorable songwriting. The murky midtempo rock of "Istanbul", about a father who identifies the body of his dead son, and the ornately textured strummer "Mountjoy", which finds grim equality in a notorious Irish prison ("We all lose/ Rich or poor"), are evidence of how these songs often tend to drag. The worst offender is nearly eight-minute centerpiece "I'm Not a Man", which grows from ambient twinkles and show-tunes crooning to gutsy modern-rock pounding and howling as Morrissey reaches new levels of self-righteousness: "I'd never kill or eat an animal/ And I never would destroy this planet I am on." All credit to Morrissey for speaking inconvenient truths, but it doesn't take joining the Koch family to possess the ability to walk out of this lecture. Forget "man"—what about "charming"?
Along with the occasional trudging bits, Morrissey's smug preachiness is the album's other off-putting point. The title track is ingeniously catchy and deeply sardonic, but dismissing protesters from Ukraine to Bahrain as "you poor little fool" and coining the mantra that "Each time you vote/ You support the process" isn't a dose of welcome realism; it's cynical and self-absorbed (Americans in Morrissey's lifetime marched and died for voting rights). The glamorous, self-mythologizing romantic melancholy that's Morrissey's stock-in-trade, meanwhile, comes up only rarely, though you can hear its echoes in the joyously "Besame Mucho"-flipping "Kiss Me a Lot," and Morrissey's exaltation of ruffians in the vaguely sexualized violence of "Smiler With Knife". The album's most miserablist songs, to use the word long applied to Morrissey's music, nevertheless zoom out for a wider view: there's the Spanish-tinged romp "Earth Is the Loneliest Planet", where "You fail as a woman/ And you lose as a man," and the pointedly dirge-like "Kick the Bride Down the Aisle", where Morrissey's scorn for institution of matrimony leaves me longing for the Hidden Cameras' more entertaining "Ban Marriage".
On finale "Oboe Concerto", which idiosyncratically leans on Boorer's sax and clarinet, Morrissey repeats, "There's a song I can't stand/ And it's stuck in my head." Beneath electronic blips and burbles, the lurching bass line is reminiscent of the Smiths' 1987 song "Death of a Disco Dancer". There, he familiarily sings: "If you think peace is a common goal/ That goes to show how little you know," adding, "Love, peace, and harmony / Oh, very nice, very nice, very nice, very nice / But maybe in the next world." Or, as he intones now, "Round, round, rhythm of life goes round." Morrissey, a wag might say, is none of our business.
Clarence Fahnestock Memorial State Park is a delight for outdoor enthusiasts. This 14,086-acre park, covering land in Putnam and Dutchess counties, boasts hiking trails, a beautiful beach, picnic areas, scenic campground, and abundant opportunities for boating, hunting, fishing, and birding. The park is also home to the Taconic Outdoor Education Center, which provides high-quality environmental programming and Fahnestock Winter Park, which includes 20 kilometers of groomed trails for cross-country skiing and snowshoeing.
The large beach at Canopus Lake is the jewel of Clarence Fahnestock Memorial State Park. Its sandy shore and nearby picnic area are enjoyed by thousands of bathers. In addition to swimming, campers and day trippers can fish in or tour Canopus Lake by rowboats, which are available for rental by the hour or the day. Visitors with their own boats must obtain a Regional Boating permit at the Park Office. Fishing by boat is permitted at Stillwater and Canopus Lakes. Fishing at both lakes and four ponds is excellent in all seasons for anglers seeking bass, pickerel, perch or brook and rainbow trout. Please note that all freshwater fishing requires a permit from the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. This permit can be obtained from town halls and many sporting goods stores.
The scenic campground, formed along the park's natural rock ridges, provides alcoves of privacy and tranquility for campers. Each of the 80 campsites has a picnic table, charcoal grill, and fire ring. Additionally, there is an area for RV camping. Although there are no hookups available or dump station, restroom and shower facilities are centrally located to all RV and tent sites. Individuals, as well as larger camping groups, are welcome. The campground's nature center houses environmental displays and a variety of touch boxes.
Watch the newly released Clarence Fahnestock Memorial State Park and Hudson Highlands State Parks video, produced for Friends of Fahnestock and Hudson Highlands by Anthony Sherin and narrated by Jane Alexander.
Don't miss these popular destinations and attractions within or near the park:
Hudson River Expeditions-experience the beauty of the Hudson Highlands through kayak, canoe and paddleboard rentals & guided tours
Appalachian Trail-a portion of the AT runs through Fahnestock & Hudson Highlands State Parks
Canopus Beach-large sandy beach offering swimming, boating and picnic areas
Martin Huge McGuire Hemlock-Northern Hardwood Area-newly dedicated area of the Bird Conservation Area, located in the campground.
Hudson Highlands State Park-home of the consistently #1 rated trail in America, the Breakneck Ridge Trail.
Current Water Quality - Beach Results
Dogs are permitted on trails on a leash of not more than 10 feet. Pets are not permitted on beach or in picnic areas. Pets are allowed in all campsites. For campers, if your site allows pets, there is a two-pet maximum.
The Indian Government has increased import taxes on electronic products such as mobile phones, television sets, digital cameras, etc. with an aim to reduces supplies from other countries and develop the domestic industry. A government statement saw by Reuters cites a 5% hike on imports of mobile phones, which badly hurts Apple more than anyone.
India is one among the top countries which import a lot of products from other countries. Numbers-wise, India's goods imports in the last seven months ending October 2017 is $256.4 billion, and it keeps on increasing. If we consider the same last year, India witnessed a 22% rise.
It is already a known matter that our Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been pushing the flagship ‘Make in India' program very hard to develop the domestic industrial base. That said, one of the areas which show success for the Make in India program is electronics.
Pankaj Mohindroo, president of the Indian Cellular Association, said on Friday “the tax hike would boost domestic manufacturers who are making about 500 million cell phones a year, more than double the output three years ago.”
A recent report from Counterpoint Research firm said that eight out of 10 phones sold in India in 2017 are locally made. With brands such as Xiaomi following the initiative of Make in India, it will be hard for Apple to sustain in the already struggling market. South Korean smartphone brand, Samsung is already assembling most of its smartphones which are being sold in India.
If you look at Cupertino giant Apple, it just started assembling the entry-level iPhone SE model in India, but other models including the high-end Apple iPhone X is being imported. Apple has been pushing very hard to get necessary permissions from the Indian government, but the officials are denying the company's requests.
“It will impact Apple the most as the company imports 88 percent of its devices into India. Either this will lead to increase in iPhone prices or force Apple to start assembling more in India,” Tarun Pathak, associate director at Counterpoint Research said on the new tax change.
Keeping the mobile phones aside, the new import tax rise also applies to video cameras, television sets. The tax rise for video cameras is 5%, which takes into 15% from the previous 10%, whereas in the case of television sets, the new import tax rise is 20%.
Press TV
August 23, 2008
Georgia's independence-leaning republics are to come under Georgian onslaught, high-ranking Russian military official has revealed.
Russia's Deputy Chief of Staff, Colonel General Anatoly Nogovitsyn said “We have registered an increase in [Georgia's] reconnaissance activities and preparations for armed actions in the Georgian-South Ossetian conflict zone,” Ria Novosti reported Friday.
Georgia's attempt at beefing up its firepower over the past few years, which Nogovitsyn referred to, will fast-track the pending move. The Russian official produced statistics that showed the number of Georgian tanks, armored vehicles and artillery weapons had almost doubled since 2005.
Russia, however, has remained committed to its promises of retreating from Georgia into the neutral area it has been allowed to establish near South Ossetia by the six-point cessation agreement the two sides inked earlier.
Moscow will constitute a minority of one in recognizing the two republics' independence, should the parliament approve the move during its convention on the matter due on Monday.
On Thursday, the South Ossetian leader Eduard Kokoity joined the thousands of the province's public in the capital Tskhinvali chanting pro-autonomy slogans. A similar rally was staged in Abkhazia where the local assembly had earlier urged Moscow to support its quest for independence.
Georgia is estimated to have caused damages of USD 4.1 billion in South Ossetia which sustained an all-out Georgian attack on August 8. Russian forces, then, barreled towards the area defending the province's civilians, 80 percent of whom have Russian citizenship.
Guest Editorial: Why Saturday's Bernie Sanders Rally Left Me Feeling Heartbroken
Washington State Senator Pramila Jayapal (not pictured) was at the Bernie Sanders rally that got interrupted yesterday in Seattle. She offered some thoughts about the event on Facebook, and we're reprinting them in full here. Alex Garland
Many people have been e-mailing and asking me how I am thinking about what happened yesterday at the event on social security and medicare, when some protesters identifying as Black Lives Matter got up on stage to challenge Bernie Sanders on race and racism, and ended up shutting down the event so Bernie could not speak. I'm struggling but in the spirit of community, here's what comes to mind.
First, I want to give a huge shout out to the amazing leaders who worked for months and months to organize the event: Robby Stern and PSARA, Social Security Works Washington, Washington CAN, Burke Stansbury, and so many more. This was a huge event to put together, and their determination is what ultimately got Senator Bernie Sanders to Seattle in the first place. The rally was also packed—maybe around 5,000 people—and people stood in the hot sun for a couple of hours, engaging actively and cheering on the incredibly wide range of speakers the coalition had put together. I was proud to be the speaker just before Bernie was supposed to speak. Watching what unfolded made me heartbroken. I have so many somewhat jumbled thoughts—here are just a few.
1) This is one small result of centuries of racism. As a country, we still have not recognized or acknowledged what we have wrought and continue to inflict on black people. The bigger results are how black kids as young as two are being disciplined differently in their daycares and pre-k classes. That black people are routinely denied jobs that white people get with the same set of experiences and skills. That black people—women and men—continue to die at the hands of police, in domestic violence, on the streets. That black mothers must tell their children as young as seven or eight that they have to be careful about what pants or hoodies they wear or to not assert their rights if stopped. That this country supports an institutionalized form of racism called the criminal justice system that makes profit—hard, cold cash—on jailing black and brown people. I could go on and on. But the continued lack of calling out that indelible stain of racism everywhere we go, of refusing to see that racism exists and implicit bias exists in all of us, of refusing to give reparations for slavery, of refusing to have our version of a truth and reconciliation process—that is what pushes everything underneath and makes it seem like the fault is of black people not of the country, institutions, and people that wrought the violence. That is the anger and rage that we saw erupt yesterday on stage. But it's not the problem, it's a symptom of the disease of unacknowledged and un-acted upon racism.
2) When the disruption first happened, the crowd (mostly white) turned ugly. It's hard to say what is the chicken or the egg. Some of it may have stemmed from the protesters calling the whole crowd racist. Some of it was from annoyance at the disruption. Some was probably from deep disagreement about tactics in a movement to get attention to an issue. Some was from deep disappointment because people had stood in the hot sun for hours to hear Bernie. Whatever it was, the conversations that ensued—the name calling of white and black people against each other, including some people calling blacks who didn't agree with what was happening racist—were so painful. I was in the speakers tent and Pam Keeley alerted me to two young black girls (Gina Owens grandchildren) who were weeping, they were so scared, so I went over to comfort them. We stood with our arms around each other, and in some small way, that gave me the greatest sense of doing something tangible—to be with people I love, assuring them they would be safe, and that none of us would ever let harm come to them. After the protests, several people came up and wanted to talk. Many were furious—some white people said they no longer support BLM. Others said they do support it but this erodes their support. Some said outrageous things from anger. Others seemed befuddled. Some understood. People will have to work this out for themselves, but as we all do, I hope that we can open our hearts to all of the pain and suffering in the world and be as compassionate and kind as possible to each other so that we can also heal as we learn and listen.
3) I don't have any answer on what is "right." Bernie Sanders was a guest in our city—invited by a multiracial coalition to speak on some very important issues. Enormous amounts of work went into yesterday's event and it was so important to talk about preserving and expanding Social Security and Medicare. None of the papers today are covering those issues, because they were eclipsed by what happened. That's not necessarily "wrong"—it just is what it is. But here's what I would have loved to have happened: after the protesters were able to get the mic and say their piece and have the 4.5 minutes of silence for all the black people who have been killed, I would have loved for Bernie Sanders to take the mic and respond. And also to speak about Social Security and Medicare too. Here's what I would love even more: for the Sanders campaign and BLM nationally to sit down and talk about an agenda on racial justice that he can use his presidential platform to help move. Imagine rolling out that agenda and inviting black people to talk about it on stage with him. Now that excites me.
4) I had not yet endorsed Bernie Sanders (and still have not), although I was incredibly excited about his candidacy. One of the primary reasons is because I wanted to know more about his stands on race and racism. I asked the campaign for some time to discuss this with him, and he did very graciously make some time for me to have a short conversation with him. What I got from the conversation is that he knows he comes from a very white state and he's a 70+ year old white guy. He knows that running for President, he must now speak to voters who are very different from those in his state. He IS deeply committed to equality on all counts but his primary lens for all of his work—and a HUGELY necessary and not-often-enough-acknowledged lens—is economic. He is a truth-teller on economic issues in a way that no other candidate is. He gets the connection between large corporations, elections, and income inequality. He does understand the problems of the criminal justice system and I fully believe he will work to change that if elected. But the deeper comfort with talking about race and racism is harder. As Mayor of Burlington, early on, he endorsed Jesse Jackson for President and Jackson went on to win the state. He was active in the civil rights movement. But more than that, he is someone who has fought for so many of the threads that connect our movements. He has to learn to talk about racism in that way, to connect his ideas on education, economics, incarceration, and race. As I said when I had the honor of introducing him at his evening rally, he is in a unique position to do so. And we are in a unique moment where we crave that leadership in a presidential campaign.
I told him in my conversation with him that he needed to talk head on about institutional racism—he said he agreed and he would do it in the evening. And he did—to an enormous, cheering crowd of 15,000 people. That's a huge platform for our messages. There's more to do and learn for sure, but is any one of us perfect? The most we can ask for is for someone who listens and cares deeply, who is trustworthy, and who will do what he says. I know I learned a lot in my campaign and I will continue to grow from listening to people's voices. I believe Bernie Sanders is growing too—and I hope (and yes, believe) that we'll look back on this and see his emergence as a leader who brings our movements for economic, racial and social justice together in a powerful way.
5) Here's what I am trying to deeply think about: How do we call people in even as we call them out? As a brown woman, the only woman of color in the state senate, often the only person of color in many rooms, I am constantly thinking about this. To build a movement, we have to be smarter than those who are trying to divide us. We have to take our anger and rage and channel it into building, growing, loving, holding each other up. We need our outlets too, our places of safety where we can say what we think without worrying about how it's going to land, where we can call out even our white loved ones, friends, allies for what they are not doing. But in the end, if we want to win for ALL of us on racial, economic, and social justice issues, we need multiple sets of tactics, working together. Some are disruptive tactics. Some are loving tactics. Some are truth-telling tactics. Some can only be taken on by white people. Some can only be taken on by people of color. Sometimes we need someone from the other strand to step in and hold us up. Other times, we have to step out and hold them up. Each of us has a different role to play but we all have to hold the collective space for movement building together. That's what I hope we all keep in mind and work on together. It's the only way we move forward.
Pramila Jayapal is a state senator from Washington's 37th District.
[+]Enlarge Nanopollen particles (blue) loaded with lysozyme (green) stick to Escherichia coli bacteria (red). Credit: J. Am. Chem. Soc.
Scientists are searching far and wide for tools to fight bacterial infection in the face of increasing levels of antibacterial resistance. Recent studies have tried to harness lysozyme, a naturally occurring protein that attacks bacterial cell walls, as an antimicrobial agent. But its activity is too low to breach the less permeable external membrane of gram-negative bacteria such as Escherichia coli and kill them.
Now, researchers have developed supersticky nanoparticles that can deliver lysozyme directly to bacteria, boosting the protein's antibacterial potency (J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2016, DOI: 10.1021/jacs.6b00243). The nanoparticles mimic the spiky shape of pollen grains, which adhere onto insect legs by virtue of their rough outer surface, says Chengzhong Yu of the University of Queensland.
[+]Enlarge A transmission electron micrograph (left) and scanning electron micrograph (right) show hollow silica nanoparticles with a spiky texture. Credit: J. Am. Chem. Soc.
Nanoscience researchers have begun to explore the role that the surface morphology of porous nanoparticles plays in the ability to deliver drug molecules to cells, and most efforts to create such particles use surfactants to guide their growth. However, surfactants are costly on a large scale and provide limited options in terms of shapes, Yu says. He and his colleagues designed a surfactant-free, one-pot technique for making nanopollen particles from silica, a material designated as safe to eat by the Food & Drug Administration.
To manufacture the silica nanopollens, the researchers first created a polymer core and then deposited a layer of silica mixed with the same polymer on top of it. Then the polymer was burned out at high temperature, leaving a hollow silica particle with a spiky surface texture. Mixing the positively charged lysozyme with the negatively charged particles loaded the protein onto the particles via electrostatic interaction.
[+]Enlarge Round silica nanoparticles adhere to the surface of a rod-shaped Escherichia coli cell. Credit: J. Am. Chem. Soc.
Then the researchers tested the stickiness and killing power of these nanopollens. When incubated with E. coli, almost 10 times as many nanopollen particles adhered to the bacteria as smooth silica nanoparticles. At a lysozyme concentration of 700 μg/mL, nanopollen particles completely inhibited bacterial activity for three days in culture, whereas smooth particles or free-floating lysozyme failed to fully inhibit bacterial growth. In segments of rat small intestine, lysozyme-containing nanopollens reduced the E. coli count by more than 97% compared with smooth particles, and by 99% compared with free-floating lysozyme.
Using rough outer texture to create a particle that is supersticky toward E. coli is “a very unique and interesting idea,” says Thomas J. Webster, a chemical engineer at Northeastern University. However, he says that in his experience, the FDA generally seeks a 99.99 to 99.999% reduction in bacterial numbers for antimicrobial agents, so the nanopollen-carried lysozyme may not be sufficiently potent. Also, particles this size—almost 400 nm in diameter—would likely be recognized and cleared by the immune system. Still, the study is promising, he says. “They're looking at a property that we're only beginning to understand.”
I received an email yesterday from an acquaintance named Lou. He mentioned exactly what I had said to a friend of mine after the debate Monday night. I took the prodding of Lou's email as a sign that I should write about it.
Most Americans are familiar with the story of Casey at the Bat but for those of you who are not here is a brief refresher.
After watching Donald Trump's performance against Hillary I couldn't help but chuckle. Most of the pundits the next day were lamenting how The Donald had blown it. How he was not on the top of his game. How he missed so many opportunities to knock the ball out of the park.
“He is just setting her up,” I said to one of my friends Tuesday morning. “Don't worry. He has two more chances to hit a grand slam.”
Trending: MAJOR UPDATE on the Gofundme Wall – THIS IS THE INFO YOU HAVE ASKED FOR
“What do you mean?” He said. “He could have put a hurtin' on her if he had only swung back a couple of times. Some of those questions were lobbed balls that he could have crushed.”
“Did you ever play baseball?” I asked him. “I mean beyond little league, did you ever play serious ball?”
“Just through high school,” he admitted. “I wasn't a very good hitter. I could field and throw OK, but I had a hard time with the bat.”
“Well, I played clear through college,” I half bragged. “I actually wanted to be centerfielder for the New York Yankees. But the higher up the ladder you go the better the competition. To make it to the Big Leagues you have to be pretty special.”
“And your point is?” he questioned.
“Donald Trump has made it to the Big Leagues. Although this may be his first rodeo in regards to politics it is not the first high stakes, high pressure event that he has been in. Heck, can you imagine some of the mobsters he has had to deal with in his business dealings? Trump ain't no little leaguer.”
“Go on.”
“I've watched my share of great hitters over the years and one thing I can tell you about the great ones is that they are not afraid to ‘take' a pitch. In fact, I have often heard coaches tell the good hitters not to be anxious…to take a pitch so that you can get a read of the pitcher…his delivery…the spin of his ball…make sure you hit the pitch YOU want and not the pitch that the pitcher wants you to hit. ‘Sit on one' was the expression we used. Don't swing at the first thing he throws.”
“I think I see where you are going,” my buddy said.
“Hillary threw a lot of ‘junk' at Donald the other night and I am sure it was tempting for him to come out of his shoes swinging for the fences. But he showed a great deal of discipline. He waited on his pitch. The object of the game is to win…not to swing at every pitch that looks good. Donald, like Casey, knows that he still has at least 2 more swings that he can take before the game is over.”
“So, do you think he was fooled? Is that why he didn't swing?”
“Of course not. He is a good hitter. He is biding his time…waiting patiently for his pitch. You see, Hillary threw every pitch she had during his first at bat. Donald now has seen all of her pitches. He knows what her curve ball looks like, which ones are fast balls, which ones are change ups, and most importantly, which ones are sucker pitches. He studied her the other night. He has two more swings before this at bat is over. He is going to be waiting on the next hanging curve that she serves up.”
“Yeah, but just like Mighty Casey he is running out of swings. Hillary may not serve up so many ‘soft balls' in the next debate,” Tim said.
“Are you kidding me? She showed everything she had the other night. Her handlers convinced her that she needed to strike Trump out on Monday and they taught her some new pitches hoping he would swing and miss at them. Plus, he knew that he had a home town umpire behind the plate and he wanted to see how the umpire was going to call the balls and strikes. I think The Donald has Hillary right where he wants her.”
“Why do you say that?
“Because she showed him her entire pitching repertoire last Monday night. Her goal was to strike him out. His goal was to feel her out. She even served up some spit balls to him but he refused to get flustered. Like a good hitter, Trump was waiting on his pitch.”
“I sure hope you are right, Coach Dave,” he retorted. “Just like Casey, Trump has a lot of people counting on him. There will be no joy in Mudville if he strikes out.”
“The Donald is dumb like a fox. He has spent his entire life studying his opponents. He is a master of spotting the opponents weakness. Hillary and her accomplices may think they have him figured out, but Donald understands that the most devastating home run is the one hit in the last inning. He has taken his time, and she will have no time to recover from the blow he is about to deliver. His next at bat will create a momentum that Hillary will be unable to stop”
“What if he swings and misses?”
“Well, that is why they play the game. If he can't hit Hillary's soft balls out of the park then he has no business being President in the first place. They should bar women and children from watching the next debate. It won't be pretty. Mighty Casey won't strike out.”
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not necessarily represent the views of Barb Wire.
It's been more than half a century since cougars have been confirmed in the eastern United States, but that doesn't exclude all of Tennessee.
Pictures confirm a cougar was in west Tennessee in Sept. Experts say it's common for the animals to travel hundreds of miles marking their own territory and searching for a mate, so it's not unlikely that there are cougars in East Tennessee.
A Kodak woman sent a photo of what she thinks is a cougar. She says her neighbor snapped the picture in his backyard. A few days before that, she says she saw one crossing the road.
Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency says it's not that easy to confirm a sighting. They check off a long list, including site visits and photo validation before they say it's true. Local 8 News sent them the photo to start their investigation.
"There are all sorts of scenarios in which you could say that it is entirely possible, that there is a cougar," said Lisa New, president and CEO of the Knoxville Zoo.
Given that there has already been a cougar spotted in Tennessee and their long-distance travel habits, New says she's not writing off the possibility that there's one in our backyard.
"Typically, cats won't occupy the same territory so a male could get pushed out and wonder long distances," she said.
If there were a high population of cougars in East Tennessee, New added, officials would know.
She also said the animals are highly active at night and move quickly and quietly, similar to house cats.
TWRA officials say there are a lot of similarities to house cats, which is why a lot of the reports they receive turn out to be just that.
If you see an animal that looks similar to a cougar, TWRA says not to disturb the creature. If you can safely take a picture, submit it to them so they can start an investigation.
Mask of Lies was very well-received, but as with any debut album, the response and reception has helped shape the direction for album #2. Writing is not yet completed, but with seven songs done, the direction is starting to take shape. Overall, the songs are heavier, more concise, but more well-rounded on the whole. The band has lost none of their progressive tendencies, but has worked to incorporate that mentality more fluidly throughout, while also pushing up the tempos, pulling back the overall track durations, and expanding their musicianship to a new level.
The band will once again record at Brian J. Anthony Studios, so fans can expect a minimum of the industry-standard production the band established on Mask of Lies. The album will feature a handful of TBA guest musicians, and again will feature artwork done by one of the best in the business. Anyone who purchased a copy of Mask of Lies knows that the band is fully dedicated to giving fans their money's worth and will deliver nothing less than a great quality product!
Tracking is tentatively scheduled to take place between February and May 2014, with a release currently planned for September/early fall 2014! Stay tuned for more updates and thanks to everyone for their support!
Ah, the humble baked potato. To some, it's a mere side dish, an accompaniment, something your local steakhouse might plonk down on the plate, almost as an afterthought because they know they can't bring the steak out all by itself. To others it's a meal in itself, smothered with butter, sour cream, bacon, and chopped fresh chives, maybe paired with a salad or bowl of soup.
Either way, baked potatoes are cheap, wholesome belly-fillers. Whether you're trying to stretch your food dollar or looking for a fun alternative to Taco Tuesday (Potato Ptuesdays, anyone?), baked potatoes are guaranteed to please.
The only problem is they take an hour to bake. Not that you have to be actively cooking during that time, but you do have to remember to start them an hour in advance. If you're trying to get dinner on the table in a hurry, baked potatoes are out, or so most people think.
Illustration: © The Spruce, 2018
Baked Potatoes, Quick and Dirty
To save time, you can microwave a potato, and it'll certainly cook, but it'll turn soft and mealy. It's faster, for sure, but the resulting sack of starch is scarcely worth the trouble.
Our baked potato technique involves baking the potato in the microwave for a few minutes, and then finishing it in the oven so that the skin gets nice and crisp. After all, a crispy skin is the most important part of a baked potato—apart from the butter and other toppings.
What are the best potatoes for baking?
Russet potatoes, also sometimes called Idaho potatoes, make the best baked potatoes. They're big and starchy, with thick dark skin that gets beautifully crispy in the oven.
Steps to the Perfect Baked Potato Done Quickly
Preheat your oven to 400 F. Pour a generous handful of Kosher salt into a small bowl and keep it nearby. Scrub your potatoes with a brush under running water, then dry them off. With a fork, stab each potato in the center once, then flip it over and stab it on the other side. This is to allow steam to vent as the potato cooks. Microwave the potatoes on high for five to six minutes. You should detect the distinct aroma of potato in your kitchen at this point. Note that for up to two potatoes, five to six minutes in the microwave should be enough. If you're doing four, you might need more like 10 to 12 minutes. For more than four, you're best off microwaving them two at a time. Transfer the microwaved potatoes to a sheet pan. Careful, they're hot! Drizzle some extra virgin olive oil over them, and smear it around so that the potatoes are evenly coated. Now reach for your Kosher salt. Your hands are now covered in oil, so aren't you glad you already poured the salt into a bowl? Sprinkle the salt generously over the potatoes and smear it around so that each potato is evenly coated. I know, they're hot. Be generous with the salt. Any excess will fall off.
If you like to set your alarm a few minutes early so you can hit the snooze button a few times, this app will break you of that habit as it doesn't offer a snooze feature. Why? "The Rock is not a fan of the snooze button." Understood. For folks who are really looking to get a head start on things, you can choose to wake up with The Rock... at 4:15 AM. He really likes the early-morning cardio.
As you tap through the screens of the app, entering goals and what not, The Rock is there to offer encouragement with "you got this" or "it's on" and other phrases. Rock Clock also promises "exclusive video messages" from Johnson, the first of which was captured from his phone while he drove down the road. He says he'll be checking in regularly, so let's hope he finds a safer time to deliver these updates. If you're looking for some added motivation, the free alarm clock app is available for iOS and Android now.
Do you ever find yourself reading and then re-reading a headline to make sure that it's real and that you haven't accidentally landed on the Onion?
If you read the Daily Mail regularly, this is probably a familiar experience, especially if you peruse its stories about women. The British rag's headlines are so dependably outrageous that they've spawned a Daily Mail-o-matic, a tool that generates Daily Mail-esque headlines, but none are more absurd than the female-centric offerings.
Jezebel has chronicled this phenomenon for years in posts tagged "Daily Fail," but the British paper has so outdone itself recently, that it seemed time for a little roundup. For your amusement -- and horror -- here are some of the most ridiculous Mail headlines we've come across in the past couple of months. Scroll through and let us know which you think wins The Craziest Representation of Womankind. Ready? Let's begin:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
San Francisco - The forced collection of DNA samples from arrestees without search warrants violates their Fourth Amendment right to privacy, the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) told a federal appeals court in an amicus brief filed Monday.
A federal law mandates DNA collection as a condition for bail for people who have been arrested for felonies. The FBI receives the DNA samples, conducts an analysis, and places a profile into CODIS, a national database. Those who are not eventually convicted of a crime must make a request if they want their information removed from the FBI's system, while the data collected without cause from other individuals remains permanently. In its amicus brief filed with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, EFF argues that this collection and storage is unconstitutional, violating the Fourth Amendment prohibition on baseless search and seizure of private information.
"DNA reveals an extraordinary amount of private information about you—your family background, your current health, your future propensity for disease, and possibly even your behavioral tendencies," said EFF Staff Attorney Hanni Fakhoury. "This data is bound to get even more sensitive as technology advances and we learn more about DNA."
The widespread data collection mandated by this unconstitutional law was upheld by a three-judge panel from the 9th Circuit. If the law is not struck down by the en banc court, it could open the door to other expansions of warrantless DNA collection.
"The government is collecting these genetic profiles without warrants and storing them in a database freely accessed by federal and state law enforcement agencies across the country," said EFF Staff Attorney Jennifer Lynch. "We urge the 9th Circuit to reverse the opinion and strike down this sweeping law."
The Center for Constitutional Rights, the National Immigration Project of the National Lawyers Guild, and Generations Ahead joined EFF in Monday's amicus brief.
For the full amicus brief in US v. Pool:
https://www.eff.org/files/filenode/usa_v_pool/eff_pool_amicus.pdf
Contacts:
Hanni Fakhoury
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
hanni@eff.org
Jennifer Lynch
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
jlynch@eff.org
Carriers in the U.S., Europe and Japan are building out LTE networks to deliver faster mobile data connectivity in droves. According to the GSM Association there are 1 million LTE connections today and there will be 300 million by 2015. These networks are heralded as good enough for watching movies, video chat and even as a transmission medium for television news! But marketing is beginning to meet reality as people realize that their blinding fast connections come with a catch–a data cap.
Advertisement
But carriers are preparing ways to change their pricing to charge by applications or services. And as they do, consumers will lose — namely because carriers will offer a variety of their own services that could strangle the quality of anything one might consider over-the-top.
Caps are crap, and operators know it.
Some folks see the caps and think that the speed with which someone hits the cap makes 4G service pointless — a recent report by Public Knowledge likens 4G data plans to “magic beans” and shows how someone hits the 2GB data cap imposed by AT&T (which currently doesn't have an LTE network, only an HSPA+ network it markets as being 4G) in less than an hour of continued use. The more technically savvy point out that even without the caps LTE isn't really a great solution for delivering the HD video that mobile operators like to show off as hallmarks of their service.
Operators aren't dumb, and are testing products to reach their end goal — charging folks not for buckets of data, but for services. So a consumer might buy a data package as well as a video chat package for $5 more a month. Shubh Agarwal, VP of Marketing for Mavenir Systems (see disclosure), says that carriers believe that the transition to LTE is really their last chance to avoid becoming a dumb pipe delivering data. Mavenir sells gear to telecommunications providers that delivers quality assured video chat, presence and other services.
The tools for changing the pricing paradigm are here.
He says carriers like his company's gear because it allows them to control the quality of the customer experience for high-bandwidth consuming services such as video chat. As an example, because the carrier knows how many people are trying to video chat at a single tower, it can lower the quality on the calls to ensure everyone has some connection. An over the top service on the other hand may just refuse to work. Or as explained in this blog post from Allot Communications on the Mythbusting: Top Three Misconceptions about LTE:
Mobile data charging is a pickle for most operators. When offered quota-based plans, subscribers react with confusion (not at the least alleviated by data plan calculators and other visualization aids). Frustration comes next, when they are offered ‘unlimited' data plans, but those are too slow or get throttled. Selling bits and bytes simply doesn't cut it anymore. Strand Consult is already predicting pricing model failure, suggesting that “any operators that believe they can increase prices by [simply] introducing LTE are in our opinion naïve.”
Allot goes on to suggest what will emerge is a quality of experience metric for showcasing how content looks on various networks as a means of differentiating between them and thus making one more “valuable” than others. So instead of call quality or “fewer dropped calls” networks might advertise their video quality, with those buying the carrier's service getting the best-quality picture. It also suggests that carriers will charge by applications.
So while most operators implement tiered plans or claw back benefits consumers enjoyed under unlimited plans, there's a bigger game at play.
Charging for services creates a mobile broadband class system
This week Sandvine, a maker of deep packet inspection and ISP billing gear, released software for mobile operators that can track every bit and bill for it appropriately through custom plans. From its release on the update to its software:
Additionally, the new release allows operators to create a virtually unlimited number of service plan offerings, by enabling operators to differentiate the service plans using combinations of application, location, device awareness, access technology, and volume or time metrics.
The tools are there and operators will deploy them. So what does that mean for consumers? When it comes to services such as video chat, Tango, Skype or others aren't going away just because a carrier might use Mavenir's gear to offer its own branded service which delivers a higher quality of experience. When the FCC implemented its network neutrality rulesit said operators can't discriminate against over the top services in the video and voice space but it also said problems would be dealt with on a case-by-case basis. But as carriers charge users for services, it creates the potential for carriers to optimize their pipes for their own services and leave a smaller section of bandwidth available for over-the-top services.
This debate was brought up and then ignored in the debates over wireline network neutrality and it's likely that regulators will shy away from trying to control how operators control their pipes or what types of services they can offer. Which then means that for consumers that don't want to pay a la carte for carrier-supported products when there's an existing OTT option, may only have the threat of competition from other mobile broadband providers to keep their mobile broadband provider honest. Which is yet another reason AT&T swallowing T-Mobile could be bad for consumers.
Mavenir is backed by Alloy Ventures, an investor in GigaOM's parent company, GigaOmni Media.
Ever wonder how sponsored posts on Instagram work? Reality TV personality Scott Disick‘s recent Instagram goofs up will give you some idea. Instead of posting a surreptitious post with the hashtag #ad hidden somewhere to his 16 million+ followers, he accidentally posted his sponsor's instructions in the photo caption.
We all know that Insta-famous people are paid by brands to place products in their images—this is nothing new. But Disick's mistake shoved the fact in his fans face and probably upset the sponsor too.
He was supposed to post a photo with a Bootea product and the caption “Keeping up with the summer workout routine with my morning @booteau protein shake!” Instead he wrote “Here you go, at 4 pm est, write the below. Caption: “Keeping up with the summer workout routine with my morning @booteauk protein shake!”
Of course, someone captured a screenshot before he could change it:
In which Scott Disick copied and pasted the email from the skinny tea marketing team onto his Instagram caption pic.twitter.com/ocVdxi4jaZ — Young Lady (@frankiegreek) May 19, 2016
The mess up prompted tongue-in-cheek comments ranging from, “You had one job, Scott” and “Bless you Scott, not paid to think just paid to promote.”
Here's what the caption looks like after Disick corrected it (with the #ad hashtag properly included):
As Instagram screwups go, that one's pretty bad… and it's not cheap. According to The Mirror, Disick gets paid between £10,000 (~$14,500) and £13,000 (~$19,000) per sponsored post. Although Bootea is probably okay with all the press the gaff is generating.
February 06, 2014 11:26 IST
‘I won't prescribe it to his patients.'
'I would advise kids to stay away from it.'
Indian-origin US Surgeon General nominee Dr Vivek H Murthy expresses his reservations on marijuana, now legalised in two US states
Dr Vivek H Murthy (bottom left), President Obama's nominee for the United States Surgeon General, believes the jury is still out on the medical benefits of marijuana and hence he wouldn't prescribe it to his patients. Furthermore, if he had kids, he would advise them to stay away from it.
During his confirmation hearing, he was asked by several Republican senators for his position on the growing campaign for the legalisation of marijuana, which has become a huge issue in the US. Two states -- Colorado and Washington -- have legalising marijuana for recreational use and the District of Columbia, has allowed its use for medicinal purposes.
Murthy acknowledged that “this is a very important issue” in many states and noted that some of his patients too had spoken to him on the efficacy of marijuana.
“This is an important public health issue,” he noted, but asserted, “I wouldn't prescribe medical marijuana myself.”
Murthy said, “In my estimation, while there is anecdotal evidence of benefits we hear about from cancer doctors and other physicians about medical marijuana, I agree with the AMA (American Medical Association) and other organiastions, that we need more information about the proven indications of medical marijuana as well as safe doses and the risks and the side effects, before we can safely prescribe it for medical purposes.”
“Just like other drugs,” he said, “I don't recommend marijuana and I don't think it's a good habit to use marijuana.”
Murthy added, “If I had kids, I would tell them not to use it.”
Asked if he would use his bully pulpit as surgeon general to get this message out to the public, he said, “What I would do is -- as I was mentioning earlier -- I believe we need more information on marijuana.”
Last month, in an interview with The New Yorker magazine, US President Barack Obama said he still had negative views about pot smoking, but that on the whole, marijuana doesn't get the bad rap it did in the past and that it's no more dangerous than alcohol.
He told the magazine, “As has been well documented, I smoked pot as a kid, and I view it as a bad habit and a vice, not very different from the cigarettes that I smoked as a young person up through a big chunk of my adult life.”
“I don't think it is more dangerous than alcohol,” he said, and argued, “In terms of its impact on the individual consumer,” marijuana was in fact, actually less dangerous than alcohol.
Obama told the New Yorker, “It's not something I encourage and I've told my daughters I think it's a bad idea, a waste of time, not very healthy.”
Interestingly, Dr Sanjay Gupta, chief medical correspondent of CNN, who Obama once tapped to be the US surgeon general but could not convince taking up the position, has gone out on a limb saying he strongly supports the use of medical marijuana.
In his special report, he documented cases of cancer patients and others with debilitating diseases who have benefited greatly from the use of marijuana in easing their pain and suffering.
The federal government still lumps marijuana in the same category as heroin, ecstasy and psychedelic mushrooms.
Image: A woman smokes a joint at the High Times US Cannabis Cup in Seattle, Washington, one of the first states to legalise the use of marijuana for recreational purproses
Photograph: Jason Redmond/Reuters
A woman convicted of second-degree murder and gross vehicular manslaughter for killing a 6-year-old girl in Santa Ana was sentenced to 22 years to life in prison Friday morning.In April, Jessicah Cowan was convicted of killing 6-year-old Osmara Meza who was walking with her mother and sister to a Norm's restaurant for breakfast in 2012. Cowan also critically injured Osmara's mother, Eloisa Meza, and 7-year-old sister, Grisea Meza, in the crash.The family was crossing the street in a marked crosswalk near 17th and Spurgeon streets when they were hit and Osmara was killed. Authorities said Cowan's blood alcohol level was at least .24, which is three times the legal limit. They also said she ran at least two red lights and was speeding at the time of the crash.Prosecutors during the trial said Cowan tried to flee the scene, but was stopped by a Good Samaritan.
Former Alabama running back Trent Richardson signed with the Baltimore Ravens Monday morning, a source told AL.com.
Richardson flew to Baltimore Sunday night and was signed after working out for team officials Monday morning, according to the source.
Richardson has been in contact with the Ravens since late February and originally worked out for the team in early March.
He wasn't immediately signed and was told that the team wanted him to drop weight, but Baltimore coach John Harbaugh acknowledged in late March that the Ravens had an "unofficial agreement" in place with Richardson.
Richardson is now officially on the team, likely a final chance to prove that he can be a productive NFL running back.
The former Heisman Trophy finalist was out of football last season, just three years after the Cleveland Browns selected him with the No. 3 overall pick in the 2012 NFL draft.
Richardson was traded to the Indianapolis Colts in 2013, released by the Colts last March and then cut by the Oakland Raiders last August.
He worked out for multiple teams after being released by the Raiders, but wasn't signed -- until Monday.
* Q3 earning jump 26 pct to C$808 million
* Ex-items EPS C$1.91 vs analysts' view C$1.81
* Raises dividend to C$0.90 from C$0.87
* Shares up 4.4 pct in Toronto (Adds details, comment, share price)
By Cameron French
TORONTO, Aug 31 (Reuters) - Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM.TO) reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its dividend for the first time in four years, driving its shares up more than 4 percent on Wednesday.
The dividend hike of 3.4 percent is the first by a Canadian bank this quarter, although four of CIBC's large rivals have boosted payouts in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, which had put a temporary moratorium on dividend hikes.
“The increase itself was fairly nominal,” said Craig Fehr, a St. Louis-based analyst at Edward Jones.
“I think it was more a sign to the marketplace that management feels comfortable that their capital is in a position where they can now start looking to deploy it as opposed to accumulate it.”
The results and dividend increase prompted investors to drive CIBC shares to their highest level since before the stock market downturn that began in late July.
About 50 minutes into trading, the shares were up 4.4 percent at C$76.30 on the Toronto Stock Exchange, outperforming the bank's peers by a wide margin.
Canada's No. 5 lender earned C$808 million ($824 million), or C$1.89 a share, in the quarter, up 26 percent from C$640 million, or C$1.53 a share, a year earlier.
Excluding special items, earnings per share were C$1.91, topping analysts' estimates of C$1.81.
CIBC is the fifth Canadian bank to report this quarter. Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD.TO), the last of the “big six” to report, will release results early on Thursday.
“On a core basis, CIBC generated the strongest beat against consensus that we have seen this quarter,” Barclays Capital analyst John Aiken said in a note.
MARKET-RELATED PROFIT SHINES
Wholesale banking profit, which comes from investment banking, trading and other markets-related revenue, jumped to C$145 million from C$25 million, thanks to higher investment banking revenue and a sharp drop in losses from CIBC's structured credit business.
Wealth management income rose to C$68 million from C$53 million.
Profit from retail and business banking, CIBC's largest division, increased to C$539 million from C$526 million, driven by higher loan volumes, some of which was from the 2010 acquisition of Citigroup's (C.N) Canadian Mastercard business.
The loan growth offset the impact of narrowing interest margins, as low rates limited what the bank could charge for loans.
The prospect of continued low rates has put the focus on cost controls as a way to wring more profit from a slow-rising revenue line.
Non-interest expenses rose 5 percent on the year, and CIBC Chief Executive Gerry McCaughey said a number of initiatives were underway to consolidate expenses.
“As a result of that, I would say that the expense picture is reasonably good going forward,” he told analysts and media on a conference call.
Unlike its larger Canadian peers, CIBC does not have a significant international presence. It retrenched within Canada after costly international missteps involving the collapse of energy trader Enron and the U.S. subprime mortgage crisis.
But in July the bank said it was buying a minority stake in U.S. asset manager American Century Investments, and some analysts have wondered whether that means CIBC may be ready to develop a meaningful international growth strategy.
Piedmont, California near Oakland will be the traditional setting for a radical “deep-future” symposium titled “TRANSHUMAN VISIONS 2.0 — East Bay” on Saturday March 1. Inside the 50′s-era Veteran's Memorial Auditorium perched above the town's Police Department, there will be 12 hours (9 am — 9 pm) of serious brain-boosting ideas, keynoted by eminent transhumanists Natasha Vita-More and Max More.
Here's how event producer Hank Pellissier described it to KurzweilAI:
To kick it off, NaturalStacks, the conference sponsors, will be providing 450 free doses of their CILTEP “smart drug.” Speakers will include Turchin Alexei* (Moscovite Immortalist), Gennady and Wendy Stolyarov (co-authors of the children's book Death is Wrong), Kevin Russell (techno-optimist), Monica Anderson (artificial intelligence revolutionary), Zoltan Istvan (The Transhumanist Wager), Brian Wang (Next Big Future) — who will be discussing the “genius babies” of BGI laboratories in China (known as the world's largest genomic sequencing center), Egil Asprem (Norwegian esotericist), Andre Watson (on nanotechnology), Linda M. Glenn (on bioethics), Brad Carmack (Mormon transfigurist), blogger Michael Anissimov*, the award-winning Terra Nova Robotics Club of Pacifica, Hank Pellissier, and John Smart — who heads non-profit Brain Preservation Foundation and stunned the audience at the first Transhuman Visions conference when he assuredly stated that “everybody in this room will live to be 300 years old, if they want to,” and “Psychotropics & Transhumanists” about the psychedelic drug Ayahuasca by NYC futurist Gray Scott. We will conclude with “Immortal Music” — pop songs about living forever. Tickets ($35 and lower) can be purchased via EventBrite.
*According to a report on the The Proactionary Transhumanist blog on the “first ever street action for transhumanism in the United States,” on Wed. Feb. 26, activists Turchin Alexei, Jason Xu, and Michael Anissimov “occupied the large green Android bot [at the Googleplex], holding up signs saying, ‘Immortality now,' ‘Viva Calico,' and ‘Google, please, solve Death.'” (They politely left after a campus police request.) Simultaneously, in Union Square in New York, transhumanist activist Sarah Jordan Amechazurra was holding a sign saying “Google, please, solve Death.”
A float supporting gay marriage moves down Ponsonby Road during the Pride parade in February in Auckland, New Zealand. (Photo: Sandra Mu, Getty Images) Story Highlights Lawmakers supported the bill 77 to 44 in the second vote
Third and final vote is likely to be little more than a formality
Many New Zealand church groups opposed the bill
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — New Zealand lawmakers voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill allowing same-sex marriage Wednesday, all but assuring that it will soon become law.
Lawmakers supported the bill 77 to 44 in the second of three votes needed for a bill to be approved. The second vote is typically the most crucial one. The third and final vote is likely to be little more than a formality and could be taken as early as next month.
Wednesday's vote came after a committee of lawmakers considered emails and letters from thousands of New Zealanders.
More than 200 people crammed into the Parliament's public gallery to watch lawmakers debate the bill before they voted at about 10:15 p.m. The mostly young crowd clapped and cheered for lawmakers who spoke in support of the bill, and sat in silence for those who spoke in opposition.
"I'm very excited, as excited as the young people," bill sponsor Louisa Wall said after the vote. "It's a fantastic result."
Wall, who is gay, quoted Seattle singer Macklemore: "And I can't change, even if I tried, even if I wanted to, I can't change."
Many New Zealand church groups opposed the bill.
Lawmaker Chester Borrows said he opposes the bill because it would redefine marriage from the heterosexual institution it has always been.
Student Rory Sweeney, 20, was one of a handful of people who were unable initially to get into Parliament's public gallery because it was full. He said he was in favor of the bill because "everybody needs to be treated the same under the law."
New Zealand already has same-sex civil union laws that confer many legal rights to gay couples.
Polls indicate about two-thirds of New Zealanders support gay marriage. The bill was given impetus last year by President Obama's public support of the issue.
The result was little changed from the 80-to-40 result in the first vote in August. There were some minor changes to the bill, including wording to make it clear that clergy can decline to preside over gay marriage ceremonies if they conflict with their beliefs.
In her speech supporting the bill, Wall said denying marriage to any person devalues that person's right to participate fully in all that life offers.
"Marriage belongs to society as a whole, and that requires the involvement of the whole of society," Wall said. "The role of the state in marriage is to issue a license to two people who love each other and want to commit to one another formally. That's what this bill does."
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/Ymu5sg
President Obama has announced what he calls “an historic agreement” in a climate change deal with China. In his commitment to reduce carbon emissions 26 percent to 28 percent below 2005 levels, the president is committing Americans to higher energy prices, a weaker economy and a lost competitive advantage.
China's commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is akin to a pledge from a broke, addicted gambler to his bookie to pay later. China is telling the United States to make the economic sacrifices and restrict its energy use now, and China will start reducing its emissions beginning in 2030. A few thoughts on why this is a raw deal for both countries:
As China commits to carbon emission reductions far into the future, the Obama administration is unilaterally imposing regulations that will drive up energy bills for American families and businesses today.
Along with the federal government's war on coal, Obama is planning to use more executive orders to regulate aspects of the economy and limit individual choice under the pretense of addressing climate change. It's far past time for our elected officials to stand up and prevent the federal government from implementing these economy-squeezing regulations.
Childhood, education and conversion to Mormonism Edit
Succession claim and notable early allies Edit
From monogamist to polygamist Edit
About 12,000 Latter Day Saints ultimately accepted Strang's claims.[29] A second "Stake of Zion" was established on Beaver Island in Lake Michigan, where Strang moved his church headquarters in 1848. As with the Joseph Smith, Strang's church had a high turnover rate, with many of his initial adherents, including all of those listed above (with the exception of George Miller, who remained loyal to Strang until death), leaving the church before his demise. John E. Page departed in July 1849, accusing Strang of dictatorial tendencies and concurring with Bennett's furtive "Illuminati" order.[30] Martin Harris had broken with Strang by January 1847,[31] after a failed mission to England. Hiram Page and the Whitmers also left around this time.[citation needed] Many defections, however, were due to Strang's seemingly abrupt "about-face" on the turbulent subject of polygamy. Vehemently opposed to the practice at first,[32] Strang reversed course in 1849 to become one of its strongest advocates, marrying five wives (including his original spouse, Mary) and fathering fourteen children. Since many of his early disciples viewed him as a monogamous counterweight to Brigham Young's polygamous version of Mormonism, Strang's decision to embrace plural marriage proved costly to him and his organization. Strang defended his new tenet by claiming that, far from enslaving or demeaning women, polygamy would liberate and "elevate" them by allowing them to choose the best possible mate based upon any factors deemed important to them. Rather than being forced to wed "corrupt and degraded sires" due to the scarcity of more suitable men, a woman could marry the man she saw as the most compatible to herself, the best candidate to father her children and give her the finest possible life, even if he had multiple wives.[33] Strang's first wife was Mary Perce, whom he married on November 20, 1836, when she was eighteen and he was twenty-three. They were separated in May 1851, though they remained legally married until Strang's death.[34] His second wife, married on July 13, 1849, was nineteen-year-old Elvira Eliza Field (who disguised herself at first as "Charlie J. Douglas," Strang's purported nephew, before revealing her true identity in 1850). Strang's third wife was thirty-one-year-old Betsy McNutt, whom he married on January 19, 1852; his fourth was nineteen-year-old Sarah Adelia Wright, married on July 15, 1855. Ironically, decades after Strang's death, Sarah would divorce her second husband, one Dr. Wing, due to his interest in polygamy.[35] Strang's last wife was eighteen-year-old Phoebe Wright, cousin to Sarah, whom he wed on October 27, 1855, less than one year before his murder.[citation needed] Sarah Wright described Strang as "a very mild-spoken, kind man to his family, although his word was law." She wrote that while each wife had her own bedroom, they shared meals and devotional time together with Strang and that life in their household was "as pleasant as possible."[7][34] On the other hand, Strang and Phoebe Wright's daughter, Eugenia, wrote in 1936 that after only eight months of marriage, her mother had "begun to feel dissatisfied with polygamy, though she loved him [Strang] devotedly all her life."[36]
Theological contributions Edit
Coronation and troubled reign on Beaver Island Edit
Assassination Edit
As with Joseph Smith before him, James Strang had problems with excommunicated or disaffected members who often became anti-Mormons and/or even conspired against him. One of the latter, Thomas Bedford, having been flogged for adultery with another member's wife, blamed Strang and sought revenge [78] Another, Dr. H.D. McCulloch, had been excommunicated for drunkenness and other alleged misdeeds, after previously enjoying Strang's favor and several high offices in local government. These conspired with the Mormons' enemies in Mackinac against Strang with Alexander Wentworth and Dr. J. Atkyn. Pistols were procured, and the four conspirators began several days of target practice while finalizing the details of their murderous plan.[79] Although Strang apparently knew that Bedford and the others were gunning for him, he challenged them openly in his newspaper, The Northern Islander, writing, "We laugh with bitter scorn at all these threats," just days before his murder.[7] Strang refused to employ a bodyguard or to carry a firearm or other weapon.[80] The USS Michigan later in its career. On Monday, June 16, 1856, Strang was waylaid around 7:00 PM on the dock at the harbor of St. James, chief city of Beaver Island, by Wentworth and Bedford, who shot him in the back. All of this was carried out in full view of several officers and men of the USS Michigan, a US Naval vessel docked in the harbor. Not one person on board the ship made any effort to warn or to aid the intended victim.[81] Strang was hit three times: one bullet grazed his head, another lodged in his cheek and a third in his spine, paralyzing him from the waist down. One of the assassins then savagely pistol-whipped the victim before running aboard the nearby vessel with his companion, where both claimed sanctuary.[81] Some accused Captain McBlair of the Michigan of complicity in, or at least foreknowledge of, the assassination plot, though no hard evidence of this was ever forthcoming.[82][83] The "King of Beaver Island" was taken to Voree, where he lived for three weeks, dying on July 9, 1856 at the age of 43. After refusing to deliver Bedford and Wentworth to the local sheriff,[84] McBlair transported them to Mackinac Island, where they were given a mock trial, fined $1.25, released, and then feted by the locals.[7][85] None of the plotters was ever punished for his crimes.[citation needed]
Death of a kingdom Edit
While Strang lingered on his deathbed in Voree, his Michigan enemies determined to extinguish his Beaver Island kingdom. On July 5, 1856, on what Michigan historian Byron M. Cutcheon later called "the most disgraceful day in Michigan history,"[7] a drunken mob of "gentiles" from Mackinac and elsewhere descended upon the island and forcibly evicted every Strangite from it. Strang's subjects on the island—numbering approximately 2,600 persons[7]—were herded onto hastily commandeered steamers, most after being robbed of their money and other personal possessions, and unceremoniously dumped onto docks along the shores of Lake Michigan. A few moved back to Voree, while the rest scattered across the country.[citation needed] Strang refused to appoint a successor, telling his apostles to take care of their families as best they could, and await divine instruction.[86] While his supporters endeavored to keep his church alive, Strang's unique dogma requiring his successor to be ordained by angels[87] made his church unappealing to Latter Day Saints expecting to be led by a prophet. Lorenzo Dow Hickey, the last of Strang's apostles, emerged as an ad-hoc leader until his death in 1897, followed by Wingfield W. Watson, a High Priest in Strang's organization (until he died in 1922). Neither of these men ever claimed Strang's office or authority, however.[f] Left without a prophet to guide them, most of Strang's members (including all of his wives)[88] departed his church in the years after his murder. Later joined the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, which was established in 1860.[g] A few, however, continue to carry on Strang's mission. Strang's last and most important reveleation, The Book of the Law of the Lord[89] states that a prophet president is "...only necessary for the establishment of the rest of God, and bringing in of everlasting righteousness on earth. A less degree of Priesthood has frequently stood at the head of the people of God on earth" (p. 251). Consequently, rather than seeing Strang's demise and his refusal to appoint a successor as a failure, they see it and themselves as maintaining the pure faith while awaiting a new successor to their fallen founders. They see their position as bolstered by revelations given by Smith and Strang about the condemnation of the church as being prophetic and a sign of general apostasy.[citation needed] Today, there are several groups and individual Strangite disciples that operate autonomously. One is a corporate church led by a Presiding High Priest, Bill Shepard, who does not claim to have the authority or priesthood office possessed by Joseph Smith or James Strang. Another, Samuel West, claims that the first faction is in error, and that by incorporating in 1961, it lost its identity as a faithful continuation of Strang's organization. This second group claims that it is the sole true remnant of James Strang's church.[h][90] Missionary work is no longer emphasized among the Strangites (unlike the LDS and many other Latter Day Saint sects), as they tend to believe that after three murdered prophets (Joseph Smith, Hyrum Smith and James Strang) God closed His dispensation to the "gentiles" of the West.[91] Consequently, Strang's church has continued to dwindle until the present day. Current membership for the corporate church are around 300 persons, while the Samuel West group claims several thousand members in the US and Africa.[92] While proving a key player in the 1844 succession struggle, Strang's long-term influence on the Latter Day Saint movement was minimal. His doctrinal innovations had little impact outside of his church, and he was largely ignored until recent historians began to reexamine his life and career. Even the county (Manitou) he had fought to establish was abolished by the Michigan legislature in 1895, removing the last tangible remnant of Strang's temporal empire.[93] For all his efforts, Strang's most vital (albeit unintended) contribution to the Latter Day Saint religion turned out to be providing some of the impetus behind creation of the Reorganized Church, which became a major rival to the Utah-based LDS Church and other Latter Day Saint groups—including his own.[citation needed]
a b The Strangites use no hyphen in their church title and capitalize the "D" in "Day", just as was done in Joseph Smith's church. ^ Strangites still use these terms today, as do members of some other Latter Day Saint groups. ^ David Whitmer and Martin Harris, two of the Three Witnesses , and Hiram Page and John Whitmer of the Eight Witnesses ^ John Page and William Smith were apostles at Smith's death; William M'Lellin had previously been an apostle, but was excommunicated in 1838. ^ George Miller, who is mentioned in the LDS Doctrine & Covenants section 124: verses 20, 62 and 70. ^ No apostles currently remain in Strang's organization, as all Strangite apostles must be appointed by revelation. The highest current office in Strang's church is that of High Priest (in the "incorporated" faction) or Elder (in the other). ^ This organization is now called the Community of Christ . It remains the second-largest church in the Latter Day Saint movement. ^ The corporate church has a website: http://www.ldsstrangite.com/ ; "unincorporated" Strangites have three: http://www.strangite.org and http://mormonbeliefs.com and http://www.strangite.blogspot.com
Citations Edit
The public needs more awareness of the limitations of automated vehicles and their responsibilities at the wheel, warns AXA technical director David Williams
Insurers and car manufacturers need to be concerned by the way “driverless” cars are marketed, according AXA technical director and chair of the Automated Driving Insurer Group David Williams.
Williams said more public understanding is needed on the differences between levels of automation and their responsibilities behind the wheel,.
At the ABI's “Changing Gear – adapting to autonomous vehicles” conference on Monday, Williams warned that confusing marketing of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous vehicles could mislead the public and lead to an increase in claims from accidents involving cars that the believe are driverless.
Accident research firm Thatcham Research has set out criteria to tell whether a vehicle is truly autonomous, but Williams believes it is important that the public are aware of the limitations of vehicles that may have been marketed as such.
A level 3 vehicle can navigate some stretches of road by itself, allowing the driver to completely disengage. However, it still needs to pass control back to the driver in some situations. A level 3 driver still has the responsibility to avert an accident where the car is unable.
For example, the Audi A8 has a ten second window for the driver to takeover. This handover, Williams says, can cause problems, with drivers unaware of their responsibilities or the limitations of the car.
In 2016 a driver in the US died when his Tesla's sensor failed to identify the side of a tractor trailer crossing a highway.
Footage of people distracted in autopilot mode has surfaced on YouTube. One man filmed himself eating a burger with both hands while the car drove down a dangerous winding canyon road. Others have been filmed playing patty cake and board games, reading books, or even sleeping.
A level 4 vehicle is the next step up. It can take control in a situation where a human driver may be unwilling or unable to intervene. Car manufacturers Land Rover, Jaguar and Ford have chosen to skip developing level 3 vehicles and are aiming to produce level 4s. Williams speculated that this is probably due to liability concerns.
Speaking to a room of insurers, government officials and researchers, Williams said “I think we're going to see both [level 3 and 4 vehicles at the same time]. I think we're going to see level 3 vehicles, without shadow of doubt, and I'm really impressed by the technology. But it is not autonomous, it is advance driver assistance systems.”
Williams suggested that misleading marketing may lead to accidents, saying: “What I worry about is the marketing which gives people the impression that if they have a level 2.5 or level 3 vehicle they can forget about driving. Also from the tests we have done on handover, I worry about people's ability to take control.”
Williams gave the example of testing one vehicle which required a driver to take the wheel as soon as it encountered a roadworks sign. At this point, Williams said, “all bets are off”. A driver must be ready to take control.
“We want safer vehicles, they generally will be safer, but it's not until you get to level 4 that the vehicle – if it decides it cannot cope and you do not want to take control or are not available to take control –can get itself to safe harbour.”
Insurers, Williams suggested, need to emphasise that if people are using level 3 vehicles then they cannot fully disengage. He placed the onus on manufacturers to make sure that they train brokers and look very carefully at how level 3 vehicles are marketed to the public.
Video: Rubbery robot walks through flames and snow
Burn it, freeze it, run it over – this robot just keeps squirming. Created by Michael Tolley of Harvard University and his team, the robot is completely squishy, with no rigid skeleton. At 65 centimetres long, it is bigger than previous designs, all of which have required a tether to walk on land.
Its beefed upsize allows it to support a battery pack that keeps it going for up to 2 hours and an electrically powered air compressor system that drives its pneumatic motion. Soft robots are of interest for search and rescue missions, says Tolley, or in any situation where a flexible body can better navigate through tight spaces. Its ability to handle extreme conditions should also come in handy.
In experiments, Tolley's robot was able to walk through a snowstorm with temperatures reaching -9 °C, withstand flames for 20 seconds, resist water and acids as well as having its limbs driven over by a car. Since the electrical components of the prototype are exposed, it was only the resilience of the body that was tested. But Tolley claims that embedding the electronics in the soft body could be a quick fix.
Advertisement
The team sees the design as a starting point for a new generation of soft robots that can jump, slither and grasp delicate objects.
Tolley and his colleagues plan to improve the speed and mobility of the robot, for example by adding feet, as well as programming it to respond to obstacles or navigate towards a goal.
Cecilia Laschi of the Sant'Anna School of Advanced Studies in Pisa, Italy, who is developing a rubbery robotic octopus that can search the seabed, is impressed with the soft robot. “This is a good example of how soft robotics can help build very robust devices, with very low risk of damage,” she says. “The field of soft robotics is now becoming mature enough to show effective applications.”
Journal reference: Soft Robotics, DOI: 10.1089/soro.2014.0008
The memoirs of Judy Garland's third husband, Sid Luft, claims the child star was assaulted by Munchkins on the set of The Wizard Of Oz.
Luft's posthumous biography, Judy and I: My Life with Judy Garland, alleges some of the actors put their hands up her skirt as Garland, then 16-years-old, filmed the 1939 Oscar-nominated musical. There were 225 Munchkins in the cast.
He said, in an excerpt quoted by The Sun: "They thought they could get away with anything because they were so small. They would make Judy's life miserable on set by putting their hands under her dress. The men were 40 or more years old."
Garland and Luft were married from 1952 to 1965, and he is credited with turning around her career after MGM tore up her contract.
At half past two in the morning, in a dark 40,000-square-foot warehouse a few miles from the neon-bright Las Vegas Strip, David Copperfield is about to perform the last magic trick of his long day. He begins by waving a gold fan over a barren pot. The theme music from Harry Potter echoes off the cavernous walls. Suddenly, dozens of green shoots begin to spring from the empty vessel. With a final wave of his hand, my raven-haired host hands me an actual rose. Then I notice that there's something encircled around the stem: my ring, which I'd surrendered hours earlier when we first entered Copperfield's own magic kingdom, this space that is simultaneously home to his magic workshop and his impressive collection, where he houses the largest and most significant trove of magic memorabilia in the world.
As I slide the band back on my finger, Copperfield explains the trick, known as the Enchanting Rose Wonder, a relic of the 19th-century act of the American magician Karl Germain. Tonight's was done using Germain's actual props, a gift from historian Ken Klosterman. Despite the late hour, Copperfield remains amped as he gives me a tour of his collection, striding past rows of antique chests and faded costumes. Earlier this evening, he had performed back-to-back shows at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino, doing illusions that ran the gamut from illuminating show-goers' wristbands to making an entire portion of the audience disappear. Magic is the lifeblood of this 56-year-old performer, clad now in post-show black. "It's not just tricks," Copperfield says. "Secrets and lots of hard work go into this."
Copperfield remains one of the hardest-working folks in show business, performing as many as four shows a day seven days a week for 42 weeks a year at the MGM Grand. He also remains among the top of Las Vegas's sure-thing, big-bucks acts. His MGM shows have sold out for 13 years straight, and coupled with his world tours, his ticket sales have grossed an astounding $4 billion and counting.
But you are forgiven if you have not heard much about the man in the last decade or so. In those intervening years since Copperfield's apex in the 1990s, the center stage--on the American magic scene, at least--has been hijacked by newer, fresher names, like the bad-boy illusionist Criss Angel and the death-defying endurance wizard David Blaine. Copperfield admits that as the new century dawned, after years of touring, filming and performing, he found himself a bit burned out on magic. One reason: He was frustrated with what he refers to as "jockeying with copycats." (Copycat allegations run rampant in the industry, with both Copperfield and his peers leveling claims of magic-trick theft at one another.) Though his relentless show schedule never ceased--the money was just too good, one presumes--he says the entire game "became about other people's dreams."
But now Copperfield is attempting to pull off what might be his greatest trick yet: conjuring his own reappearance. Rejuvenated, perhaps in part by his fiance--French model turned shoe designer Chloe Gosselin--and their 3-year-old daughter, Sky, he has embarked on his second career act. That includes, first and foremost, a new show. Copperfield recently signed a three-year extension with MGM, and his new act, beginning later this year, will take place in the old Hollywood Theater, which will be renamed for him. The magician promises that the new show will contain his best tricks ever--" Jurassic Park -sized magic," he says--which have taken him years to perfect.
These artifacts also play a role in his re-emergence. This year, Copperfield added two essential items to what is already considered the best magic collection in the world: the estates of Georges Melies (the inspiration for Martin Scorsese's Hugo ) and Jean Eugene Robert-Houdin (the "Father of Modern Magic," who inspired Harry Houdini's stage name). Importing this latest conquest from France took six months of preparation and ultimately required a semitruck packed top-to-bottom with custom cases to transport the items.
The most surprising cog in the magician's comeback, though, may be his real estate assets. Back in 2006, Copperfield plunked down $55 million for a private island in the Bahamas (he now owns 11 of them). He is seeing the fruits of that investment. The newly rebranded "Islands of Copperfield Bay" is open for business, charging guests an eye-popping $37,500 a night. Visitors so far include Bill Gates, Oprah Winfrey, John Travolta and Google cofounder Sergey Brin, who was married there. "With everything I do, I want to make people dream," says Copperfield.
**
I first meet the magician in the daylight in his personal lair, a penthouse provided by MGM. As his assistant ushers me in, I spot Copperfield rummaging between the couch cushions, looking for Sky's missing puzzle piece. It's a disappearing act that can't be credited to Dad.
Sky's mother, Gosselin, a striking 28-year-old brunette, says a quick hello, then takes Sky upstairs for a nap. Copperfield and Gosselin have been engaged for several years now, with no immediate plans to tie the knot. "Being engaged forever sounds like a good deal to me," Copperfield will confess later on. After all, he has a history here: He was once engaged to supermodel Claudia Schiffer for about six years in the 1990s. They never married.
Blown-up posters of playbills and magazine covers are stacked against the floor-to-ceiling windows. They don't usually reside here, he says, somewhat sheepishly. He is in the process of moving his family to a rental mansion off the Strip and away from the annoying plumes of cigarette smoke that hang in the building's casino. It will become Copperfield's third home, joining the Bahamian compound and a four-story Manhattan penthouse, which has views of Central Park, a glass-enclosed indoor lap pool and a collection of some 300 antique arcade machines.
As airplanes occasionally thunder by the lofty apartment, Copperfield takes me through his life story, a tale of magic in its own right. Copperfield was born David Kotkin in New Jersey to Jewish immigrants (his father from Russia, his mother from Israel). By age 8, he was an accomplished ventriloquist. At 16, he was teaching classes at New York University and, two years later, was a star on the Chicago theater scene. He took his stage name after dropping out of Fordham University to concentrate on the theater. In his 20s, he honed his magic and began hosting television specials on ABC and CBS, even though his parents had warned him that a career in magic would amount to nothing, a story he has adapted into his shows. "I sucked at everything else, but magic came easily to me," he says. "I wanted to be a rock 'n' roll star, but I couldn't sing. So it became a quest to find that same sort of respect for what I was able to do with magic."
Accolades and fame soon followed. Copperfield has 11 Guinness World Records, a Hollywood Walk of Fame star, a place in the Library of Congress's Living Legend roster and a knighthood from the French government (his popularity never really dipped in Europe). His television specials, including one in which he made the Statue of Liberty disappear, have earned 21 Emmy awards and reached a total worldwide audience of 3 billion. His 1996 stage show, Dreams and Nightmares, created with Francis Ford Coppola, still holds the rec?ord for most Broadway tickets sold in a week, and grossed over $6 million in its five-week run. Copperfield, through his shows, has sold more tickets than any solo performer in history, trumping Madonna, Michael Jackson and Elvis Presley. He had his well-publicized romance with Schiffer, who in the 1990s ranked among the most famous models in the world.
But that was back then. And it all led to what was perhaps a predictable burnout that left the illusionist unmotivated to create new tricks. Sometime in the mid-2000s, however, the entertainer began setting the stage for what amounts to a rebirth of his career and a renewed attempt at burnishing his legacy.
It started with, of all things, real estate. In 2002 Copperfield set his sights on Musha Cay, a private island in the Bahamas' Exuma chain. His hippy-dippy rationale for buying it? Supposedly, if one draws a line on a globe between Easter Island and England's Stonehenge, and another one from the Pyramid of the Sun in Mexico and the Pyramid of Giza in Egypt, at the intersection you'll end up at Musha. Nevertheless, the cay is coveted. Neighbors include Johnny Depp and fashion billionaire Bernard Arnault. The deal was stalled for years, though, because the island's owner, John Melk, an early investor in Blockbuster Video, refused to sell directly to the entertainer, reportedly because of Copperfield's lack of resort-management experience.
To allegedly get around Melk, Copperfield performed a nifty legal illusion: Using other people's names, his Imagine Nation Company acted as a "straw buyer," striking a deal that enabled Copperfield to indirectly purchase the property while keeping his involvement hidden. A resulting lawsuit from Melk took three years to settle. Copperfield finally closed the $55 million deal in 2006. In the ensuing five years, he spent another $35 million in renovations. The island resort, rechristened the Islands of Copperfield Bay, officially opened for business in 2011.
The tropical resort has a company of trained macaws that clean up beach debris and an outdoor movie theater that magically appears on the beach before moviegoers' eyes. Copperfield is designing a James Bond-inspired spy hunt for guests, complete with a helicopter that will be fitted with computer-generated, motion-sensitive laser guns. "The island experience is the creation of every great place I've ever been combined with the imagination that I have in my theater work," says Copperfield. "People on the cover of your magazine come there a lot." When Winfrey paid a visit, she praised the shower pressure, a compliment that particularly pleased Copperfield, who spent weeks deliberating over the size of the showerheads and piping.
With the resort completed, Copperfield began to focus on his legacy as a magician. That started with his magic collection, which he says he has spent more than $200 million on (and claims has been valued at a cool half-billion) and which he loftily dubs the "International Museum & Library of the Conjuring Arts," even though it's never been open to the public and, according to Copperfield, never will be.
His first major purchase, in 1991, was the 15,000-volume Mulholland Library, which contains the world's largest Harry Houdini collection and which he bought for $2.2 million at a savings-and-loan-bailout agency's auction. Over the years, he's slowly added more knickknacks from his forebears, but the recent acquisitions of the Melies and Robert-Houdin collections solidify Copperfield's position as the world's most dominant collector in the field.
Tucked behind gates, the warehouse entrance sports an illuminated Korby's sign and storefront windows peddling vintage men's suits, a tribute to the haberdashery once owned by his father, Hyman. To access the warehouse, one must yank the suit tie that hangs in the dressing room. It opens a secret door.
The warehouse is divided into two sections: The first is a massive workshop where Copperfield keeps many of the 62,000 items personally associated with his career and holds rehearsals. Behind that is the larger collection, which he opens only to some fellow magicians, historians, actors researching roles and, on this occasion, me. Copperfield proudly shows me his Harry Houdini display, which includes the escape artist's straitjacket, his Water Torture Cell and the lock-pick set he used to pull off his death-defying feats. He has Wyman the Wizard's copper pennies, which once "passed through" Abraham Lincoln's body during a visit to the White House.
Posters hang on every wall, including the only surviving one of Herrmann the Great, which is valued at more than $60,000. A puppet collection, temporarily housed in a side closet, will eventually be moved into a special room once an FM-200 gas system is installed in case of fire. It includes original Howdy Doody dolls and Shari Lewis's Lamb Chop puppet. There are Robert-Houdin's mystery clocks and automatons, which include the Singing Lesson, a delicate machine that teaches a robotic bird how to sing. It's worth $1 million. I can't help thinking what a shame it is that the public will never view all of these items.
And then there's the new show. Copperfield says he has taken three years to perfect a host of illusions for its opening later this year. He'll also have a part-time sidekick--a new green-hued alien robot named Attila, who will assist him with some tricks. The real magic, he hopes, will occur when Attila spawns a new generation of fans, primed to gobble up the branded T-shirts, toys and children's book series that he has in the works.
But new sidekicks aside, Copperfield knows that his legacy rests on the quality of his magic. The path to immortality--to cement a legacy, like Robert-Houdin and Houdini--is not just entertaining the crowds, he says. It's also in performing magic and illusions so perfectly that he fools his peers, his fellow magicians. That's the true trick.
At 3 a.m., the end of an 18-hour day for the magician, we pile into a minivan for the drive back to the heart of Vegas. As we emerge from the cloak of darkness encircling the outer city, Copperfield's face is reanimated by the Strip's glittering neon lights. He smiles. "I guess I could take more time off," he says. "But I really love what I do."
–-
You can follow me on Twitter or subscribe to my Facebook profile. Read my Forbes column here.
In April this year, the Breakthrough Initiative funded by Russian billionaire Yuri Milner announced an ambitious plan to launch a chip-sized spacecraft to a neighbouring star system to image habitable planets. Pete Worden the Breakthrough Starshot project's director and former head of Nasa Ames Research Centre explained the plan to E&T at the Space4Inspiration conference in London this week.
E&T: How did the idea come about?
Pete Worden: I met Yuri Milner during one of the Breathrough Prize foundation's ceremonies about five or six years ago when I was still the director of Nasa Ames. We talked and discovered we had some shared interests – for example whether there is intelligent life elsewhere in the Universe. He was very interested whether we could theoretically go to habitable planets around the nearby stars and see what's there. We started working together. I looked into the existing concepts that Nasa had been developing and found that doing something like this would require some ridiculous extrapolation of technology and a huge amount of money. So about two years ago, we asked Professor Avi Loeb, the chair of Harvard University's Astrophysics Department to put together a study team and give us some alternative ideas.
E&T: What did they find?
Pete Worden: They came up with an idea which was to use Earth-based lasers to push a sail in space. Originally, the idea required an immensely powerful laser array that would take up 10 square kilometres and that didn't look feasible. We started looking at technology to get a large laser beam through the atmosphere using atmospheric compensation and eventually we concluded that although very difficult, it was feasible.
It was around the time when Stephen Hawking was in the USA for the inauguration of the Black Hole Institute at Harvard University. We talked to him about it and he was very excited. He did some calculations himself and said he thought it looked good. We asked a number of other Nobel laureates and Breakthrough laureates and other knowledgeable people and the conclusion was that this was a challenge, but we should start researching it.
E&T: What are the hardest problems to solve?
Pete Worden: First of all, we would need to build a laser array one square kilometre is size and the question is whether this is feasible. Secondly, we have to find a material for the sail that would carry this tiny chip to Alpha Centauri, which is 4.37 light years away. We have to put 50 GW of power on the sail, which will be about four metre in size. The material has to have the right reflectivity, minimum absorption. Finally, we need to have an integrated system concept.
So what we plan to do now is to spend about five years, using the $100m that Yuri Milner made available, addressing these key technical issues. If we find that the whole think makes sense, we would raise more money privately for a prototype system and assuming that works then we would look for a public-private partnership and maybe within 20/25 years construct the Starshot system.
Pete Worden, former director of Nasa Ames Research Centre and director of Breakthrough Starshot
E&T: How would the whole thing work?
Pete Worden: We would build this kilometre laser array probably in the Andes, because Alpha Centauri is in the southern hemisphere. It would have some sort of energy storage system – a battery, flywheels. We would charge the system up all 24 hours and then for two minutes we would fire it into space. Before that, we would put a satellite into highly elliptical orbit. This satellite would weigh maybe a couple of thousands of kilograms. It would carry thousands of these chips, each attached to a sail and it would deploy one at the time into space. We would aim the ground-based laser at the sail and fire for two minutes, it would push the sail at about 60,000 Earth gravities, a very high force, that's why you can't put any living things on this. Then in those two minutes it gets to 20 per cent of the speed of light. Over the course of a year, we would push hundreds of thousands of these chips towards Alpha Centauri.
E&T: How long will it take them to get there?
Pete Worden: They will travel for 20 to 25 years in the interstellar space. When they reach the target, they would open up and point the sail, which would now act as a telescope. There is a small camera on the chip, which would take pictures of the planet. We would get high resolution images and we would see how it looks like there and maybe even signs of civilisation. We will measure other things, like the magnetic field and so on, and after we pass through the system, which happens very quickly, in less than a day, we then turn the sail back towards the Earth. The chip is equipped with a small laser - less than a watt. It encodes the laser communication signal, which is then fired back towards the Sun. And four and a half years later we would use the transmitting array now as a receiver, a giant telescope, to receive the photons and then we would get the signal from there with the images.
E&T: Why do you want to go to Alpha Centauri?
Pete Worden: We obviously had to figure out whether there is a place where to send these tiny spacecraft, whether there are any potentially life-baring planets around the nearest stars. So we launched another project, called Breakthrough Watch, which is looking into that.
As serendipity would have it, scientists have actually detected what might be an Earth-sized planet in a habitable zone recently in the solar system of Proxima Centauri. Proxima Centauri is a star in the Alpha Centauri system and actually the nearest star, so we now have some place to go and we will be doing more work on that. It will obviously take a lot of time to get any data. If I am lucky, I will be still alive when the spacecraft is launched and then it would take another 30 years, to get the images back.
It was the kind of meeting that is taking place in restaurant kitchens, small offices, retail storerooms, and large auditoriums all over this city, all over this state, all over this country.
Paul Levy, the guy who runs Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, was standing in Sherman Auditorium the other day, before some of the very people to whom he might soon be sending pink slips.
In the days before the meeting, Levy had been walking around the hospital, noticing little things.
He stood at the nurses' stations, watching the transporters, the people who push the patients around in wheelchairs. He saw them talk to the patients, put them at ease, make them laugh. He saw that the people who push the wheelchairs were practicing medicine.
He noticed the same when he poked his head into the rooms and watched as the people who deliver the food chatted up the patients and their families.
He watched the people who polish the corridors, who strip the sheets, who empty the trash cans, and he realized that a lot of them are immigrants, many of them had second jobs, most of them were just scraping by.
And so Paul Levy had all this bouncing around his brain the other day when he stood in Sherman Auditorium.
He looked out into a sea of people and recognized faces: technicians, secretaries, administrators, therapists, nurses, the people who are the heart and soul of any hospital. People who knew that Beth Israel had hired about a quarter of its 8,000 staff over the last six years and that the chances that they could all keep their jobs and benefits in an economy in freefall ranged between slim and none.
"I want to run an idea by you that I think is important, and I'd like to get your reaction to it," Levy began. "I'd like to do what we can to protect the lower-wage earners - the transporters, the housekeepers, the food service people. A lot of these people work really hard, and I don't want to put an additional burden on them.
"Now, if we protect these workers, it means the rest of us will have to make a bigger sacrifice," he continued. "It means that others will have to give up more of their salary or benefits."
He had barely gotten the words out of his mouth when Sherman Auditorium erupted in applause. Thunderous, heartfelt, sustained applause.
Paul Levy stood there and felt the sheer power of it all rush over him, like a wave. His eyes welled and his throat tightened so much that he didn't think he could go on.
When the applause subsided, he did go on, telling the workers at Beth Israel, the people who make a hospital go, that he wanted their ideas.
The lump had barely left his throat when Paul Levy started getting e-mails.
The consensus was that the workers don't want anyone to get laid off and are willing to give up pay and benefits to make sure no one does. A nurse said her floor voted unanimously to forgo a 3 percent raise. A guy in finance who got laid off from his last job at a hospital in Rhode Island suggested working one less day a week. Another nurse said she was willing to give up some vacation and sick time. A respiratory therapist suggested eliminating bonuses.
"I'm getting about a hundred messages per hour," Levy said yesterday, shaking his head.
Paul Levy is onto something. People are worried about the next paycheck, because they're only a few paychecks away from not being able to pay the mortgage or the rent.
But a lot of them realize that everybody's in the same boat and that their boat doesn't rise because someone else's sinks.
Paul Levy is trying something revolutionary, radical, maybe even impossible: He is trying to convince the people who work for him that the E in CEO can sometimes stand for empathy.
Kevin Cullen is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at cullen@globe.com.
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company.
The confessions are used to persuade a domestic audience that even cultural and academic outreach by some of the nation's top academics is really cover to usher in a velvet revolution, human rights workers and former prisoners say.
“If they talk about the velvet revolution 24 hours a day people don't care,” said Omid Memarian, a former Iranian journalist who was arrested and forced to issue his own confession in 2004. “But if reformers and journalists say they are involved in it, it makes the point for them. Once my interrogators said, ‘Whatever you say is worth 100 times more than having a conservative newspaper say the same thing.' ”
Fars, a semiofficial news agency, reported the confession of a Newsweek reporter, Mazaiar Bahari, that he had done the bidding of foreign governments, as well as a confession by the editor of a newspaper run by Mir Hussein Moussavi, the opposition leader. And at Friday Prayer, Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati said the government planned to put on trial several Iranian employees of the British Embassy — after confessions were extracted.
In addition to Mr. Abtahi, other prominent reformers being held include Abdullah Ramezanzadeh, Mr. Khatami's spokesman, and Mostafa Tajzadeh, a former deputy interior minister.
In 2007, Iran produced a pseudo-documentary called “In the Name of Democracy,” which served as a vehicle to highlight what it called confessions of three academic researchers charged with trying to overthrow the state. “They don't like new ideas to get to Iran,” said a researcher once investigated about his work, who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisal. “They don't like social and cultural figures in Iranian society to become very popular.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In 2001, Ali Afshari was arrested for his work as a student leader. He said he was held in solitary confinement for 335 days and resisted confessing for the first two months. But after two mock executions and a five-day stretch where his interrogators would not let him sleep, he said he eventually caved in.
“They tortured me, some beatings, sleep deprivation, insults, psychological torture, standing me for several hours in front of a wall, keeping me in solitary confinement for one year,” Mr. Afshari said in an interview from his home in Washington. “They eventually broke my resistance.”
The problem, he said, was that he was not sure what he was supposed to confess to. So over the next several months, he said, he and his interrogators “negotiated” what he would say — and, more ominously, whom he would implicate. Once his confession was complete, he said, he practiced it for 7 to 10 days, and then it ran on state-run television.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Three years later, Mr. Memarian, the journalist and blogger, was arrested in another security sweep. He said that his interrogator at first sought to humiliate him by forcing him to discuss details of his sex life, and that when he hesitated, the interrogator would grab his hair and smash his head against the wall. He said the interrogator asked him about prominent politicians he had interviewed, asked if they ever had affairs, and asked if he had ever slept with their wives.
“I was crying, I begged him, please do not ask me this,” said Mr. Memarian, who is in exile now in the United States. “They said if you don't talk now you will talk in a month, in two months, in a year. If you don't talk now, you will talk. You will just stay here.”
The pressure was agonizing, he said, as he was forced to live in a small cell for 35 days with a light burning all the time and only three trips to the bathroom allowed every 24 hours. He was forced to shower in front of a camera, he said. At one point the interrogators threatened to break his fingers.
“They came up with names, and topics,” he said. “They gave me a three-page analysis and said read this and include it in your confession. My interrogator once said, ‘You have written seven years for the reformists; it's O.K. to write for us for two months.' ”
Mr. Memarian said that even in 2004, his interrogators were most interested in several leading reformers, including Mr. Abtahi, who at the time was an adviser to the president. When he was finally released, and after his confession was published by Fars, he was asked to testify before a committee led by the reform government investigating confessions, which included Mr. Abtahi. Mr. Abtahi, who has not been heard from since his arrest on June 16, understood even back then just how vulnerable he was, Mr. Memarian recalled.
“Abtahi said, ‘We cannot guarantee anyone's security,' ” Mr. Memarian said. “ ‘We know what happened to you guys. When you leave this building we do not know will happen to you, or what can happen to us in this committee.' ”
Setting deadlines never comes easily to me. No matter how much time I leave to complete my assignment, I'm often scrambling to meet each deadline.
Without that slack, we're likely to see less creativity and less innovation
I know I'm in good company with a world full of procrastinators. But recently, I've been experimenting with giving myself less time to do the same amount of work. In order to be more productive (and procrastinate less), I've consciously been setting more stringent deadlines when it comes to work. An hour-long call is now done in 30 minutes. Writing assignments that would take me three days in the past now must be completed in two-and-a-half. I use a calendar alarm to remind me to move on to the next work assignment.
For most workers, shortening a deadline to tackle repeat tasks can be a trick to boost productivity, said Craig Smith, founder of Trinity Insight, an internet optimisation firm in Philadelphia. Last year, Smith experimented with shaving off a week from a project deadline for a team of 17 employees. It turns out that his long-time employees didn't miss the extra time originally allotted for the project. “The more familiarity, the more you can push the envelope,” he said.
But when it comes to work that's perhaps repetitive in process (interview, research, write, edit, deliver) but not in content (it's a new topic every single time), it's not as easy, I found. In some cases, simply creating a stricter time limit has made it easier to stay productive when I work against a deadline. But more often, I've found myself missing these marks — some, like getting a chatty interview subject off the phone at minute 31 have been hard to achieve. Then I feel as if I've failed when the work (inevitably) takes longer.
It's easy to get caught up in [only setting] short term goals. You can suffer burnout
To be sure, fake deadline-setting isn't a new concept. Parkinson's Law, the idea that workload expands to fill whatever time is available for completion, originated 60 years ago. The inverse — tasks will take up as little time as you have — can be true as well.
In theory that means any of us should be able to simply sprint through a daily schedule full of short lead deadlines. But we've all seen how that plays out in practice. Not so well, usually.
It's not deadlines, it's how you set them
It turns out that it might not be the deadlines themselves, but the way we try to trick ourselves into getting work done without scrambling last minute. There's an art to setting shorter deadlines and it's not as simple as I had imagined.
There are many advantages to purposely setting short deadlines properly, Bradley Staats, associate professor at the University of North Carolina Kenan-Flagler Business School in the US told me during a conversation I'd allotted 25 minutes for (5 minutes less than I would have in the past).
“By restricting ourselves, we force ourselves to get it done and we can often streamline things and cut corners where it's not a problem,” said Staats, who studies the behavioural science of learning and productivity. And of course, setting tighter limits can give workers (myself included) a sense of discipline and self-control. “We probably underestimate the benefits we get from this,” he added.
For most workers, shortening a deadline to tackle repeat tasks can be a trick to boost productivity
Building a schedule entirely of short deadlines, though, is unproductive in the long term, because it doesn't leave time for ‘slack' time – the period of so-called wasted time that helps us come up with innovative ideas and solutions, Staats explained.
“Without that slack, we're likely to see less creativity and less innovation,” he said. “There's a chance that what we throw out [by working quickly] was important to the effectiveness or the solution.”
A happy medium
Finding a balance is key, according to Ryan Holiday, an Austin-based media strategist and author of The Obstacle Is the Way: The Timeless Art of Turning Trials into Triumph. Holiday balances writing with the day-to-day tasks of running a creative agency. His entire calendar is structured around the idea of setting stringent deadlines. But the blocks of time are more fluid, with certain types of work filling the blocks, but not just, say 30 minutes for one thing and 45 for the next on the list.
When working from home, Holiday spends the first half of his day doing long-term work, including writing or brainstorming, without strict time limits. After lunch he focuses on tasks with shorter deadlines including calls, meetings and setting aside time to answer emails in 30-minute increments. Working on the most important stuff in the mornings, allows him to power through the short deadlines he sets for easier tasks.
“It's easy to get caught up in [only setting] short-term goals,” said Holiday. “You can suffer burnout.”
Deadline-setting is important, though, with longer projects, especially creative things which never feel quite finished without imposing limits, Holiday said. “With short-term deadlines you can't get consumed with the endless possibilities,” Holiday said. Creating more stringent timing on tasks also gives a sense of accomplishment (something I can attest to when deleting tasks from my daily to-do list).
The key, above all, is not to set yourself up for playing catch-up. Prior to setting shorter deadlines, track how long the task typically takes (online tools such as Rescuetime.com or the Toggl app). Since most of us are repeating similar tasks, knowing the length of time these typically take can make it easier to set a more accurate deadline or whittle down a timeframe you think is too wide.
Staats recommended that I power through the initial tasks I have under a tight deadline (like a first draft of a story) and then leave less structured time to review and analyse my writing. This applies more widely than writing. In tech, for example, a programmer can write an initial round of code under a short deadline and then leave unstructured time to edit and refine it, he said.
Of course, the question of whether to even set a stricter deadline is a little trickier. If you know the intended outcome, it pays to set a shorter time limit, Staats said. “Someone needs to understand what is it that they are trying to accomplish,” to take more control of the time it takes, he said.
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, please head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
“The day we see truth and do not speak is the day we begin to die.” – Martin Luther King
Conspiracy theories have now blossomed into what the smug presstitute media calls a "conspiracy culture." According to the presstitutes, Americans have to find some explanation for their frustrations and failings, so Americans shift the blame to the Bilderbergers, the Rothschilds, the New World Order and so forth and so on.
Readers will not be surprised that I disagree with the presstitutes. Indeed, the conspiracy culture is the product of the presstitute media's failure to investigate and to report truthfully. I am certain that the Western media is worse than the Soviet media was. The Soviet media devised ways for helping the public to read between the lines, whereas the Western media is so proud to be confidants of the government that they deliver the propaganda without any clues to the readers that it is propaganda.
Americans have been fed lies by "their" government and the government's presstitute media for so long that it is not surprising that Americans increasingly believe that there is a conspiracy operating against them. Millions of Americans have been evicted from their jobs, careers, and homes while the crooks who stole from them run free and bankroll the presidential candidates. The world as millions of Americans knew it has come to an end, and no one has been held accountable. The explanation that Americans get from the media is that it is their own fault. They bought houses they shouldn't have bought, and they didn't train for the right jobs. It is not unreasonable for Americans to conclude that a conspiracy is operating against them.
Americans are told that "their" government cannot afford to help them because of the budget deficit and the burden on our grandchildren. But Americans see the trillions of dollars that are lavished on banksters, on wars, and on Homeland Security. Why is a police state and another attack on another Muslim country more important than keeping Americans in their jobs and in their homes?
The 11th anniversary of 9/11 is less than a month away. Will the presstitute media remind Americans that the government has spent $6 trillion of Americans' money in out-of-pocket and already incurred future costs as the expense of invading and trying to occupy Afghanistan and Iraq, all to no effect except to enrich the managements and shareholders of the military security complex at the cost of destroying the reputation of the United States and putting Social Security and Medicare on the chopping block?
No, of course not. The spiel will be about our brave troops who are fighting and dying to make the world safe for democracy and women's rights. Washington will wrap itself in the flag and exhort Americans to "support our troops" in the orchestrated war of the day. Hitlery Clinton still gets on the moral high horse and rails at China and Russia, but all the world sees is hypocrisy. No one, not even Washington's puppet governments, any longer takes Washington's moralizing as anything more than a mask for domination by force alone. Democracy, Washington declares, comes out of the barrel of a gun.
Today moralizing is all about money, but not for the 99%. The 99% cannot find good jobs or earn anything on their savings, because the economy is run for the 1%. University graduates cannot get jobs and pay off their student loans. Retraining for the millions of Americans whose jobs were shipped offshore or filled by foreigners brought in on H1-B visas has proved to be a fraud, as there are no jobs for the retrained displaced long-term discouraged American work force. The official jobs projection by the US government is that few university graduates are needed in the work force, so the old mantra that "education is the answer" is just another lie from the Ivy League economic departments who sell the establishment's lies for money.
Any American citizen accustomed to travel America's "wide open spaces" prior to 9/11 must be astonished by the sudden rise of the intrusive Homeland Security, a gestapo-sounding name if there ever was one. Porno-scans and genital feel-ups have spread from airports to bus and train stations and to the public highways, despite the absence of terrorist events. No one in their right mind could possibly think that a 90-year old grandmother in a wheelchair is a terrorist whose diaper needs to be checked or that blond and blue-eyed parents would have strapped a bomb around their 5-year old daughter's waist. No one except the gestapo Department of Homeland Security.
Even some of the gullible flag-waving patriotic conservatives are beginning to wonder about all the security. The reports that the Department of Homeland Security has ordered 750 million rounds of people-killing ammunition are puzzling even those conservatives who have been taking vicarious pleasure in the slaughter of "towelheads."
Why does the Department of Homeland Security need enough ammunition to shoot every American 2.5 times? Why is Homeland Security equipping itself with full-body armor? Why is Homeland Security acquiring new laser technology that can "instantly know everything about you from 164 feet away?" A new army manual for "Civil Disturbance Operations" describes how the military is to be used domestically within the US to put down protests, confiscate firearms and kill citizens.
The police state that is being constructed in "freedom and democracy" America is without parallel in history. When the only terrorists are dupes organized by the FBI, it is clear that the purpose of the police state is not to protect Americans from Muslim terrorists. The purpose of the police state is to terrorize US citizens.
It is not only Homeland Security that is being militarized. The government reported that a large ammunition order was made by the National Weather Service, later updated to have been the Fisheries Office. If you are surprised at this, why has the Social Security Administration ordered 174,000 rounds of hollow-point bullets?
Lists of Homeland Security's ammunition order are available online. Clearly, it is not ammunition for target practice. It is ammunition for killing people: hollow-point bullets for the military rifle, the M-16. Match grade bullets for .308 sniper rifles. 12 gauge shotgun buckshot and slug ammunition. Hollow-point bullets for .357 magnum and .40 caliber pistols.
As there have been no terrorist attacks in the US since the 9/11 attack (itself suspect by experts), except for those organized by the FBI, this massive purchase of firepower is obviously not to protect Americans from Muslim terrorists. So what is it for?
banner1
Perhaps this film explains what is in store for the American people who trusted "their" government. War protestors and critics of the government are being redefined as "domestic extremists" who can be arrested for aiding and abetting the enemies of the United States. If Americans wake up to the fact that they are being dispossessed economically, politically, and socially, while Washington is leading them into World War III, and take to the streets in protest, they will encounter extreme military force.
The liberal-left is even more delusional than the flag-waving conservatives. No matter what the government does, conservatives will come down on the government's side. This is because conservatives confuse patriotism with support for the government, not with defense of the Constitution, a suspect document that coddles criminals, terrorists, and war protesters who cause America to lose wars. The liberal-left regards Obama with his half-black origin as a member of the oppressed class, personages endowed by the liberal-left with higher morality. The liberal-left continues to regard Obama as the redeemer even as Obama sits in the Oval Office approving lists of American citizens to be executed without due process of law. Not even Naomi Wolf can wake up the liberal-left.
Do not expect Congress or the presstitutes to do anything about the rapid concentration of power in the police state that Bush and Obama have created. Do not expect to be rescued by federal courts. Even if some judges are inclined to defend the Constitution from its domestic enemy, the courts are powerless if the executive branch does not respect the rule of law. Currently, the executive branch is ignoring a federal judge's injunction against the indefinite detention of US citizens. The Department of Justice (sic) lawyers will not even answer the judge's questions.
A gullible population is helpless if government decides to enslave the people. It is child's play for government to discredit a people's natural leaders and those who provide the people with accurate information. Most Americans have a very small knowledge base and very large ideological preconceptions. Consequently, they cannot tell fiction from fact.
Consider the case of Julian Assange. When the US government, angry that WikiLeaks had published leaked documents that revealed the mendacity and deceit of Washington, first struck out at Assange, support for Assange was almost universal. Then Washington put out the story on the Internet that Assange was an intelligence agent working for the CIA or the even more hateful Mossad. Both leftwing and rightwing Internet sites fell for the obvious lie. Here we have gullibility on the level with those who believed Stalin's charge that Bukharin was a capitalist agent.
Once the libel of Assange began, it over-rode his clearance by the Swedish prosecutor's office of sexual complaints made by the two women who seduced him. Seeing Assange on the ropes, a female prosecutor reopened the closed case, many believe at Washington's urging. Feminists jumped in, demanding that Assange be punished for his seduction by women as he had obviously tricked or coerced them in some way.
It was like Dominique Strauss-Kahn all over again. Falsely accused of sexually assaulting a New York hotel maid, the Director of the International Monetary Fund, chased on two continents by celebrity-hunting women, was knocked out of the race for the French presidency and had to resign his IMF position. The New York police, trained by decades of feminist propaganda to regard every sex charge brought by a woman as the absolute truth, were made to look foolish and incompetent when clear evidence emerged that the charge was fabricated in order to extract money from Strauss-Kahn and possibly in order to knock him out of contention for the French presidency.
Many websites and normally reliable commentators were taken in by the false story. The Washington hegemons and their presstitute media have been even more successful in fooling Americans about terrorist attacks, Osama bin Laden, the Taliban, Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Yemen, Pakistan, Syria, and Iran. What is astonishing is the fact that there have not been any attacks on America, despite the enormous provocations Washington has provided by murdering as many as one million Muslims, destroying three Muslim countries, conducting military operations against seven Muslim countries and preparing an attack on an eighth–Iran.
The President of Russia, whose thermo-nuclear ballistic missiles can remove the US from the face of the earth, stated for all the world to hear that Washington has the entire world in fear of its hegemonic drive. "No one feels safe," said Putin. And certainly not the Russians with American missile bases on their borders and a Washington-funded disloyal and traitorous political "opposition" which serves as Washington's fifth column inside Russia.
America, Putin acknowledged, wants to rule the world. But Washington is not going to rule Russia and China. If the current White House moron keeps his promise to Israeli prime minister Netanyahu that the US will attack Iran next June if Iran does not close down its nuclear energy program (a non-weapons program permitted to Iran as a signatory of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty), the White House will have opened the door to World War III. In such a war the US would not be immune from attack as it was in WW I and WW II. This time America could disappear in nuclear holocaust. If any of the world survives, people will be thankful for Washington's removal from the scene.
Death is what "your" government in Washington, both Republicans and Democrats, are bringing you. Both parties are driven by the neoconservatives who believe that American hegemony over the world is worth nuclear war to accomplish. If these dangerous ideologues continue to prevail, life on earth has a very short-run prospect.
You don't have to play by the rules of the corrupt politicians, manipulative media, and brainwashed peers. When you subscribe to The Daily Bell, you also get a free guide: How to Craft a Two Year Plan to Reclaim 3 Specific Freedoms. This guide will show you exactly how to plan your next two years to build the free life of your dreams. It's not as hard as you think… Identify. Plan. Execute. Yes, deliver THE DAILY BELL to my inbox!
Star Wars: Battlefront showcased seamless first person/third person gameplay on Monday at the EA Press Conference, and the effect looked great, offering players choice on how to experience the Star Wars universe.
One of the ways fans can experience Star Wars: Battlefront is by playing as either Luke Skywalker or Darth Vader. However, only the third-person view was shown with that gameplay at EA's press conference. In speaking with Craig McLeod, Producer on Star Wars: Battlefront, Craig confirmed to the Inquisitr that the Jedi combat will be strictly third-person in the next iteration of Battlefront.
“It's all third person. We had to look at it [and] it became incredibly difficult to know what's around you, so from an accessibility point of view, and from what we know from trying different things, we really felt third person was the best experience.”
This means that when lightsabers clash in Star Wars: Battlefront this fall, players will do so seeing their iconic heroes dueling it out as opposed to seeing the action unfold from a more intimate perspective. However, the inclusion of both first and third person views for the gunplay and vehicle combat was important to the Star Wars Battlefront development team.
“That was one of the most important decisions we made. We at DICE are renowned for doing first person games, but when you look at your Twitter feed, when you look at player requests: one of the biggest things we see is ‘We really want third person.' People remember from previous games. So at any time, whenever you're playing, you can swap between first person and third person by pressing down on the D-Pad. We even went one step further., you can swap between shoulder cams, so whether you want to be over the right shoulder or the left shoulder. We understand people prefer that, especially depending on where you are in the map.”
Star Wars Battlefront has taken E3 2015 by storm, with some of the longest lines in the convention center to go hands on with the highly anticipated title. Previously, the Inquisitr detailed some information on co-op survival missions.
Also confirmed by at E3 was the information that all platforms – PC, Xbox One, and PS4 – will receive their downloadable content at the same time, making it so there is platform parity in terms of content for Star Wars Battlefront.
Star Wars Battlefront launches on November 17 on PC and current gen platforms.
[Image via EA]
The top enlisted leader of 3rd Battalion, 2nd Marines has been relieved after Marines raised disturbing questions about discrepancies in his official biography.
Sgt. Maj. Kenneth Lovell III was removed from his post as the infantry battalion's sergeant major on Monday due to a loss of confidence, said 1st Lt. Luke Kuper, a spokesman for III Marine Expeditionary Force. Lovell's unit is currently attached to 4th Marines on a Unit Deployment Program rotation to Okinawa, Japan.
"Errors in Lovell's official biography were brought to the Marine Corps' attention in a blog post on March 19, 2015," Kuper said in a statement. "The official biography has been updated to reflect Lovell's service record. The Marine Corps works to ensure the accuracy of all public information and will correct inaccuracies when present."
Lovell is being sent back to his parent command at 2nd Marine Division at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, Kuper said.
The sergeant major did not respond to an emailed request for comment from Marine Corps Times.
At issue are two claims Lovell made in his official biography that critics say are undeserved: a third award of the Combat Action Ribbon they say could not be explained by his service record, and a claim to have been the honor graduate of his scout sniper basic course, 3-98, in 1998. In fact, sources say, the honor graduate was then-Cpl. Aaron Pine, a Marine who died in 2005 following an honorable discharge from the Marine Corps.
The Combat Action Ribbon can only be awarded once per combat theater. While Lovell, who enlisted in 1993, had deployments to combat zones in Iraq and Afghanistan, Marines questioned his claim of seeing combat action in another theater during two Marine expeditionary deployments to the Mediterranean in the late 1990s.
The allegations against Lovell were first reported on Thursday by Chris Mark in the Global Security, Privacy & Risk Management Blog . Following the publication of the blog post, the Marine Corps quietly changed Lovell's official biography online, removing mention of a third combat action ribbon award — although his official service photo still displays it — along with his claim to be honor graduate.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Marine Corps Times Daily News Roundup
Also removed was Lovell's claim to have deployed to Kosovo in support of Operation Joint Guardian and to Lebanon in support of the Israeli Defense Forces.
Mark, a former Marine infantryman and scout sniper, said his blog post received about 100,000 views within the first 72 hours after posting.
Marines in the scout sniper community who reached out to Marine Corps Times said the inquiry into Lovell's record came after someone noticed the "honor graduate" title in his biography and questioned it, passing the info to another Marine who was in the scout sniper course and discredited the information.
Others, who asked not to be named, said the push for answers rose out of indignation on behalf of Pine and his family.
AuxMod Basic
AuxMod Basic is a complete system for getting accessory audio line-in into your Mazda double din Radio. For easy Aux line in audio this is really the simplest choice. AuxMod Basic functions by pressing the "Tape/MD" or "Media" button on your Mazda radio. We've successfully tested with the RX-8, Mazda6, Mazda5, Mazda3, Miata, MPV, Tribute and Mazda2.
The unit plugs into the module bay for the factory Tape & MD modules inside the Head Unit.
We have completed our third production batch of AuxMod Basic modules. They are currently IN STOCK .
Included with the module is:
-AuxMod Basic circuit board
-Adhesive Foam attachment
-Two plastic zip-ties
Not included, but also reccomended:
-Audio Cable, 3.5mm stereo male plug one end, other end to suit your application
-Ground Loop Isolator (optional, see FAQ #12 for notes)
Picture of AuxMod Basic Prototype
Picture of AuxMod Basic 1 Release
EXODUS 23:20-33
« Exodus 22 | Exodus 23 | Exodus 24 »
Conquest of Canaan Promised
20 “Behold, I send an angel before you to guard you on the way and to bring you to the place that I have prepared.
21 Pay careful attention to him and obey his voice; do not rebel against him, for he will not pardon your transgression, for my name is in him.
22 “But if you carefully obey his voice and do all that I say, then I will be an enemy to your enemies and an adversary to your adversaries.
23 “When my angel goes before you and brings you to the Amorites and the Hittites and the Perizzites and the Canaanites, the Hivites and the Jebusites, and I blot them out,
24 you shall not bow down to their gods nor serve them, nor do as they do, but you shall utterly overthrow them and break their pillars in pieces.
25 You shall serve the Lord your God, and he will bless your bread and your water, and I will take sickness away from among you.
26 None shall miscarry or be barren in your land; I will fulfill the number of your days.
27 I will send my terror before you and will throw into confusion all the people against whom you shall come, and I will make all your enemies turn their backs to you.
28 And I will send hornets before you, which shall drive out the Hivites, the Canaanites, and the Hittites from before you.
29 I will not drive them out from before you in one year, lest the land become desolate and the wild beasts multiply against you.
30 Little by little I will drive them out from before you, until you have increased and possess the land.
31 And I will set your border from the Red Sea to the Sea of the Philistines, and from the wilderness to the Euphrates, for I will give the inhabitants of the land into your hand, and you shall drive them out before you.
32 You shall make no covenant with them and their gods.
33 They shall not dwell in your land, lest they make you sin against me; for if you serve their gods, it will surely be a snare to you.”
« Exodus 22 | Exodus 23 | Exodus 24 »
Snap
Snapchat is making it easier than ever to make custom geofilters, a move that could boost parent company Snap Inc.'s non-advertising revenue.
Snapchat users will be able to create their own on-demand geofilters inside the app, the company announced on Wednesday. Custom geofilters, which can be placed over photos and videos at certain locations, were previously only available through the Snapchat website.
A new "On-Demand Geofilters" section of the settings within Snapchat will let users choose from a list of themed templates for events like birthdays, weddings, and holidays. Custom text, stickers, and Bitmojis can be added to any template.
The minimum area a geofilter can cover is 20,000 square feet, and the largest is 50,000,000 square feet. Pricing ranges depending on the desired location and duration of a geofilter. Snap says covering a couple of houses in downtown Los Angeles on a Friday night should cost $6, for example.
After a submitted geofilter is approved, a push notification will be sent in Snapchat confirming that it's live. Payments are facilitated through in-app purchasing on Apple's iOS and Android.
Making paid geofilters more accessible in the Snapchat app could bring in more payments revenue for Snap at a time when its shares have sunk to their initial IPO price. The company says "tens of thousands" of custom geofilters are being made every day.
From time to time, I find someone using the double curly braces anti pattern (also called double brace initialisation) in the wild. This time on Stack Overflow:
Map source = new HashMap() {{ put("firstName", "John"); put("lastName", "Smith"); put("organizations", new HashMap(){{ put("0", new HashMap(){{ put("id", "1234"); }} ); put("abc", new HashMap() {{ put("id", "5678"); }} ); }}); }};
In case you do not understand the syntax, it's actually easy. There are two elements:
We're creating anonymous classes that extend HashMap by writing new HashMap() { } In that anonymous class, we're using an instance initialiser to initialize the new anonymous HashMap subtype instance by writing things like: { put("id", "1234"); }
Essentially, these initialisers are just constructor code.
So, why is this called the Double Curly Braces Anti Pattern
There are really three reasons for this to be an anti pattern:
1. Readability
This is the least important reason, it's readability. While it may be a bit easier to write, and feel a bit more like the equivalent data structure initialisation in JSON:
{ "firstName" : "John" , "lastName" : "Smith" , "organizations" : { "0" : { "id", "1234" } , "abc" : { "id", "5678" } } }
And yes. It would be really awesome if Java had collection literals for List and Map types . Using double curly braces to emulate that is quirky and doesn't feel quite right, syntactically.
But let's leave the area where we discuss taste and curly braces (we've done that before), because:
2. One type per instance
We're really creating one type per double brace initialisation! Every time we create a new map this way, we're also implicitly creating a new non-reusable class just for that one simple instance of a HashMap . If you're doing this once, that might be fine. If you put this sort of code all over a huge application, you will put some unnecessary burden on your ClassLoader , which keeps references to all these class objects on your heap. Don't believe it? Compile the above code and check out the compiler output. It will look like this:
Test$1$1$1.class Test$1$1$2.class Test$1$1.class Test$1.class Test.class
Test.class
Where theis the only reasonable class here, the enclosing class.
But that's still not the most important issue.
3. Memory leak!
The really most important issue is the problem that all anonymous classes have. They contain a reference to their enclosing instance, and that is really a killer. Let's imagine, you put your clever HashMap initialisation into an EJB or whatever really heavy object with a well-managed lifecycle like this:
public class ReallyHeavyObject { // Just to illustrate... private int[] tonsOfValues; private Resource[] tonsOfResources; // This method almost does nothing public void quickHarmlessMethod() { Map source = new HashMap() {{ put("firstName", "John"); put("lastName", "Smith"); put("organizations", new HashMap(){{ put("0", new HashMap(){{ put("id", "1234"); }} ); put("abc", new HashMap() {{ put("id", "5678"); }} ); }}); }}; // Some more code here } }
ReallyHeavyObject
quickHarmlessMethod()
So thishas tons of resources that need to be cleaned up correctly as soon as they're garbage collected, or whatever. But that doesn't matter for you when you're calling the, which executes in no time.
Fine.
Let's imagine some other developer, who refactors that method to return your map, or even parts of your map:
public Map quickHarmlessMethod() { Map source = new HashMap() {{ put("firstName", "John"); put("lastName", "Smith"); put("organizations", new HashMap(){{ put("0", new HashMap(){{ put("id", "1234"); }} ); put("abc", new HashMap() {{ put("id", "5678"); }} ); }}); }}; return source; }
Now you're in big big trouble! You have now inadvertently exposed all the state from ReallyHeavyObject to the outside, because each of those inner classes holds a reference to the enclosing instance, which is the ReallyHeavyObject instance. Don't believe it? Let's run this program:
public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception { Map map = new ReallyHeavyObject().quickHarmlessMethod(); Field field = map.getClass().getDeclaredField("this$0"); field.setAccessible(true); System.out.println(field.get(map).getClass()); }
This program returns
class ReallyHeavyObject
Yes, indeed! If you still don't believe it, you can use a debugger to introspect the returned map :
You will see the enclosing instance reference right there in your anonymous HashMap subtype. And all the nested anonymous HashMap subtypes also hold such a reference.
So, please, never use this anti pattern
You might say that one way to circumvent all that hassle from issue 3 is to make the quickHarmlessMethod() a static method to prevent that enclosing instance, and you're right about that.
But the worst thing that we've seen in the above code is the fact that even if you know what you are doing with your map that you might be creating in a static context, the next developer might not notice that and refactor / remove static again. They might store the Map in some other singleton instance and there is literally no way to tell from the code itself that there might just be a dangling, useless reference to ReallyHeavyObject .
Inner classes are a beast. They have caused a lot of trouble and cognitive dissonance in the past. Anonymous inner classes can be even worse, because readers of such code might really be completely oblivious of the fact that they're enclosing an outer instance and that they're passing around this enclosed outer instance.
The conclusion is:
The degree to which physical attractiveness and nonverbal expressions of pain influence physicians' perceptions of pain was investigated. Photographs of eight female university students were represented in four experimental conditions created by the manipulation of cosmetics, hairstyles, and facial expressions: (a) attractive-no pain, (b) attractive-pain, (c) unattractive-no pain, and (d) unattractive-pain. Each photograph was accompanied by a brief description of the patient's pain problem that was standard across conditions. Medical residents (N = 60) viewed the photographs and rated each patient's pain, distress, negative affective experience, health, personality, blame for the situation, and the physician's own solicitude for the patient. The results showed that physicians' ratings of pain were influenced both by attractiveness of patients and by nonverbal expressions of pain. Unattractive patients, and patients who were expressing pain, were perceived as experiencing more pain, distress, and negative affective experiences than attractive patients and patients who were not expressing pain. Unattractive patients also received higher ratings of solicitude on the doctor's part and lower ratings of health than attractive patients. Physician's assessments of pain appear to be influenced by the physical attractiveness of the patient.
Palladium-catalyzed C-C cross-coupling reactions, which were acknowledged by the award of the Nobel Prize in chemistry in December 2010, nowadays belong to an indispensable tool for the target oriented synthesis of complex organic molecules across all research fields and industrial segments. The Mizoroki-Heck reaction for example, allows the coupling of olefins with aryl halides in the presence of a base and is nowadays the most popular method for the preparation of vinylbenzenes (Figure 1). The Heck reaction has been demonstrated to find wide utility in both, total syntheses of natural products in academia and synthesis in pharmaceutical and agrochemical industry1-10.
Figure 1. General Heck cross-coupling reaction between an aryl bromide and an olefin. Click here to view larger image.
Taxol, a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy, Singulair, an asthma drug and the herbicide prosulfuron as well as Cyclotene, a monomer for high performance electronic resins are examples that have been successfully prepared including a Heck-Mizoroki cross-coupling step in their syntheses (Figure 2)11-14.
Figure 2. Examples of industrially relevant organic compounds involving a palladium-catalyzed Heck cross-coupling reaction as key step in their synthesis. Click here to view larger image.
Even though recent developments have considerably increased the activity of Heck catalysts15-29, a typical reaction protocol with aryl bromides as substrates still requires high reaction temperatures (140 °C), catalyst loadings in the range of 1 mol% and reaction times of up to 24 hr. Moreover, modified reaction conditions, including the reaction temperature, catalyst loadings, bases, solvents, and additives, e.g. are often reported, implying that these protocols will rarely find their application in organic syntheses due to lack of generality. Furthermore, most catalysts require multiple reaction steps for their synthesis and hence, are time-consuming and low-yielding. Additionally, inert-atmosphere techniques and expensive starting materials of poor stability are often used for their preparation. This refers to the need of new and improved, cheap and easy accessible, stable and green but reactive and general applicable Heck catalysts with high functional group tolerance that efficiently and reliably operates at low catalyst loadings with general applicable reaction protocols.
Dichloro-bis(aminophosphine) complexes of palladium were recently introduced as easy accessible, cheap and air stable but highly active C-C cross-coupling catalysts with excellent functional group tolerance30-34, of which dichloro{bis[1,1',1''-(phosphinetriyl)tripiperidine]}palladium [(P(NC 5 H 10 ) 3 ) 2 Pd(Cl) 2 ] (1) proved to be a highly efficient, reliable, and versatile Heck catalyst that efficiently operates at 100 °C35. 1 was quantitatively prepared within only a few minutes by treatment of THF suspensions of [Pd(Cl) 2 (cod)] (cod = cycloocta-1,5-diene) with 1,1',1''-(phosphinetriyl)tripiperidine under air atmosphere at 25 °C. 1,1',1''-(phosphinetriyl)tripiperidine, the respective ligand system was achieved in one step by the dropwise addition of an excess of piperidine to cooled diethyl ether solutions of PCl 3 . The substrate costs for the preparation of 1,1',1''-(phosphinetriyl)tripiperidine for 1 g of palladium precursor is less than 1€ (estimated from catalogue prices of a chemical supplier) and hence, very cheap.
Figure 3. Synthesis of dichloro{bis[1,1',1''-(phosphinetriyl)tripiperidine]}palladium [(P(NC 5 H 10 ) 3 ) 2 Pd(Cl) 2 ] (1). Click here to view larger image.
Moreover, despite the simple and cheap synthesis of 1 and its excellent catalytic performance, the addition of aqueous hydrochloric acid (work-up conditions), lead to a rapid and complete catalyst degradation, accompanied by the formation of phosphonate, piperidinium salt, and insoluble palladium-containing decomposition products, which are easily separated from the coupling products. This is an often ignored, but very important issue to be considered (from ecologic and economic points of view) and is of particular importance for the preparation of pharmaceutically relevant compounds.
(CNN) Ivanka Trump is a senior adviser to the president of the United States. Which makes what she told "Fox and Friends" on Monday very, very odd.
"You know, I try to stay out of politics," Ivanka told Ainsley Earhardt in response to a question about whether she ever advised her father -- aka President Donald Trump -- about his Twitter feed.
Here's the thing: This is a) impossible b) a convenient rhetorical non-answer and c) logically inconsistent.
Start here. The President is a political figure. He is literally the most powerful politician in the country. He ran for the job. As a Republican. Which is a political party. He sends tweets every day -- six already today! -- about a wide variety of political matters.
Given all of that, you can't be a senior adviser to the president -- with a West Wing office no less! -- and proclaim that you "try to stay out of politics." That's like an assistant baseball coach saying that he "tries to stay out of baseball." Or the managing editor of a news organization saying she "tries to stay out of the journalism."
It's just not a thing.
What Ivanka is doing here is clear. She doesn't want to answer questions about her dad's Twitter feed. There's no "good" answer for her. If she says she doesn't like that he tweets as much as he does, that's a big story. If she says she endorses every one of his tweets, then, well, she has to stand behind every one of his tweets -- which she almost certainly doesn't want to do.
So, she says "I try to stay out of politics," which, if you think about it, doesn't really make sense in terms of even fake-answering the question she's being asked. It would be like if I was asked "Do you like lollipops," and I responded: "I'm gluten-free."
Then there is the fact that Ivanka is trying to have it both ways here -- as she often does. She can't simultaneously insist that she has a unique ability to make her father hear divergent opinions while also saying that she's just not into politics.
Either Ivanka is one of her father's most trusted advisers and confidantes or she tries "to stay out of politics." Both of those things simply can't be true.
If Ivanka Trump wanted to "stay out of politics" she had a simple way to do so: Don't take an official role in her father's White House. But, doing so wouldn't have allowed her to influence the policies coming out of the White House. So, here she is.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The alarm was raised almost immediately but a police search has failed to find Maëlys
A man has been detained by French police investigating the disappearance of a nine-year-old girl at a wedding party in the eastern region of Isère early on Sunday, reports say.
The 34-year-old was a wedding guest, the Dauphiné Libéré newspaper quoted a prosecutor as saying.
He had previously given an inconsistent account of his whereabouts.
Maëlys de Araujo was last seen at 03:00 (01:00 GMT) in a children's area at a hall in Pont-de-Beauvoisin.
The detained man had left the wedding "at a time that could correspond to Maëlys's disappearance", Bourgoin-Jallieu posecutor Dietlind Baudoin said in a statement quoted by the Dauphiné Libéré.
The arrest was made following interviews with many of the other wedding guests, Ms Baudoin said.
The man was known to police and his home was being searched, BFMTV reported.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Sniffer dogs lost the scent from Maëlys's cuddly toy in a car park outside the wedding venue
Maëlys had gone to the wedding with her parents and elder sister as well as other members of her family. The DJ raised the alarm when she was reported missing and the 180 guests tried to find her before police were called and a search began.
Local police, search and rescue teams, divers and cavers have been searching the heavily-wooded area but have so far failed to find a trace of her.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption French police have been searching forests and waterways for Maëlys
Sniffer dogs lost the scent from Maëlys's cuddly toy in a car park outside the wedding venue, AFP reported, suggesting that she could have been taken away by car.
Police have interviewed wedding guests as well as people who were attending two other events nearby.
The search was continuing in driving rain on Thursday but a policeman told French TV that the prospect of finding anything was becoming less and less likely.
Chicago activists on Friday condemned the shootings of police officers in Dallas — just as they spoke against the recent police shooting deaths of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile.
The Black Lives Matter movement is nonviolent and pushes for equality, not the oppression of others, said Charlene Carruthers, a lead activist and organizer with the Black Youth Project in Chicago.
"We have never called for, or supported, the killing of police officers or violence," she said. "What we've demanded is a shift in the power that police hold over our lives, and that does not require us to take up arms and kill police officers. What we demand does not require the death of police officers to happen."
As details emerged Friday about how a gunman ambushed Dallas officers who were providing security for a downtown demonstration — killing five and injuring seven — civic leaders, clergy and activists in Chicago called for peace and action.
In Chicago, activists, peaceful protesters and police took to the streets in response to the Dallas police shootings on Thursday night.
They planned marches, rallies and die-ins to take place over the weekend to insist the Department of Justice hold police accountable for unjust shootings, said Pastor Gregg Greer of Freedom First International and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.
"We want to bring resolution and we want to talk about the problems going on nationally and then connect the dots locally," Greer said at a news conference outside Chicago Police Headquarters in Bronzeville. "Folks in the community are frustrated — frustrated to the point to where change has to happen now."
Greer said he has worked with the families of Sterling, who was killed in Louisiana, and Tamir Rice, who was killed by police in Cleveland. Their relatives are baffled by their inability to get justice or see the officers prosecuted or even charged, he said.
Some local leaders fear that without federal action, there could be a repeat of the Dallas attack.
"We are asking the Department of Justice to do its job," he said. "The only thing we see is the DOJ investigates and nothing happens. The families, the community, are having a problem understanding, the advocacy on the ground is having a problem understanding, why there is no action or resolve in these cases. Some of these cases have gone on for over three years now. We have to see results."
Eric Russell of the Tree of Life Justice League of Illinois said he hopes communities that are hurting in the wake of the Dallas shootings and because of police shootings can find unity in their pain.
"Chicago activists, we are the blueprint for civil unrest," he said. "When it comes to protesting and demanding justice, nobody does it better than in Chicago. We know that the world is watching us and we will not allow any (violence) to distract from our message.
"Our message is about a peace, a respect for all life," Russell said. "We would not be so hypocritical as to ask the world to value our lives and we don't have a reverence for other people's lives."
Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune
One effort that could help de-escalate the tension is if the police department published announcements detailing when policy dictates that force is justified, said Tio Hardimon, executive director of the not-for-profit Violence Interrupters.
"We condemn all acts of violence," he said. "If the president and others had dealt with this issue of excessive force a long time ago, we wouldn't be standing here today.
"There was no reason to kill the young man in Baton Rouge or the young man in Minneapolis. There was no reason to kill the police officers in Dallas," he said.
Carruthers said she felt slightly panicked when she learned about the Dallas shootings. Although leaders of activist groups that make up the Black Lives Matter movement have called for peaceful protests, she worried the blame would be shifted to them.
"The shootings last night in Dallas will impact our movement," she said. "For those who are committed to painting us as irrational, violent people — they will try to use this narrative to justify their opinions about us. It may even impact our constitutional right to assemble. I'm worried about backlash from local police departments and the National Guard and policing on all levels. In a climate where we are seeing Blue Lives Matter bills being passed, I'm concerned that those who have been pointing a finger at us will make it more difficult for us to fight injustice."
Chicago youth organizer, educator and poet Malcolm London echoed Carruthers' sentiment.
"I was so saddened to know people's lives were taken and that people were in danger," he said. "It doesn't matter the uniform, or the color of a person's skin. I live and work to end violence — all kinds of violence. ... Police officers who are doing the work right should be supported and affirmed," he said.
"It is dangerous work, but it is work they signed up for. We have to remember that we still live in a time when you can say the wrong words to a police officer and be arrested, be brutalized or possibly killed."
As he condemned the violence in Dallas, London expressed frustration with rhetoric tying it to the Black Lives Matter movement.
"It's absurd to blame Black Lives Matter, and people who do have not been listening," London said. "If you believe that when we call for being recognized as human we are somehow out for blood or revenge, you have not been listening."
lbowean@tribpub.com
Twitter @lollybowean
LA JOLLA, CA - February 16, 2016 - With use of synthetic opioid "designer drugs" on the rise, scientists from The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) have a new strategy to curb addiction and even prevent fatal overdoses.
In a new study, published today in the journal Angewandte Chemie, the scientists report successful preclinical tests of a vaccine that prevents the synthetic opioid fentanyl--which some drug dealers now use as a mix-in or substitute for heroin--from reaching the brain.
"We want to stay one step ahead of these clandestine laboratories making illegal opioids for black market demand," said Kim Janda, the Ely R. Callaway Jr. Professor of Chemistry and member of the Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology at TSRI. "The importance of this new vaccine is that it can block the toxic effects of this drug, a first in the field."
The Need for Treatments
The new vaccine targets an opioid called fentanyl, a painkiller 50 to 500 times more potent than morphine. Over the years--to skirt U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration detection--many illicit laboratories have tweaked fentanyl's molecular structure, selling fentanyl variants under names such as "China white" and acetyl fentanyl, the latter of which was responsible for a cluster of deaths recently in Rhode Island and Pennsylvania.
With so many variants on the market, users have no way of knowing the strength of the drugs they are using, which can lead to fatal overdoses. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported a 200-percent increase in overdose deaths involving opioids from 2000 to 2014, citing the availability of fentanyl and fentanyl variants as a major contributor.
While there are treatments such as naloxone for opioid overdose or methadone for addiction, Janda noted that many people still relapse. "These treatments are working for some people, but there is clearly a gap that needs attention," he said.
A Potential Vaccine
The new vaccine takes advantage of the body's own immune system. The vaccine cocktail contains a molecule that mimics fentanyl's core structure. When given the vaccine, the immune system is "trained" to produce antibodies to neutralize it.
The idea is that when a person then tries to get high from fentanyl or its variants, their antibodies bind to the drug and keep it from reaching the brain. In theory, blocking the ability to feel a high could stop drug-seeking and drug-taking behavior.
Janda and his colleagues tested the vaccine in mouse models of fentanyl addiction and overdose. Mice were given three vaccinations, each two weeks apart--like a series of booster shots. By studying antibodies in the blood, the researchers saw that the immune system was successfully neutralizing fentanyl for months after the last injection. In further tests, the researchers observed that vaccinated mice given fentanyl did not demonstrate "high" behavior (such as ignoring discomfort).
In fact, a 30-fold greater-than-normal dose of fentanyl was necessary for the drug to activate neural circuits in vaccinated mice. Remarkably, antibodies generated by the vaccine protected against overdose, neutralizing lethal levels of fentanyl.
"To the best of our knowledge, our active vaccine is the first to ablate lethal doses of any drug of abuse," said TSRI Research Associate Atsushi Kimishima, co-first author of the new study with TSRI graduate student Paul Bremer.
"This surprised us the most," added Bremer.
Importantly, the potential vaccine protects against virtually all fentanyl derivatives and does not cross-react with other drug classes, such as oxycodone. This means those vaccinated would still have painkiller options in medical situations.
The researchers said the next step in this research is to design an even more potent vaccine, perhaps a combined anti-fentanyl and heroin vaccine. "Since heroin is often cut with fentanyl derivatives, a combination vaccine targeting both opioids would be worth investigating," said Bremer.
###
In addition to Janda, Bremer and Atsushi, authors of the study, "Combatting synthetic designer opioids: active vaccination ablates lethal doses of fentanyl class drugs," were Joel E. Schlosburg, Bin Zhou and Karen C. Collins of TSRI. See http://onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1002/ anie. 201511654/ abstract
This research was supported by the National Institutes of Health's National Institute on Drug Addiction (grants R21DA039634 and F31DA037709).
Image copyright Green Union Image caption Drastic steps had to be taken to deter fir tree thieves
A botanical garden in south Russia is using razor wire to prevent trees from being stolen ahead of New Year's Eve.
It is usually lighting and other decorations that are put on trees as the winter holidays approach, but the Southern Federal University's garden in Rostov-on-Don had to take extraordinary measures after thieves chopped down several of its fir trees last year.
The wire will stay wrapped around the trees until the holiday season is over, says Andrey Savechnikov, a spokesman for the university. "It will protect the trees without doing any damage to them," he tells the Don News website.
But some locals argue that the move has ruined the festive cheer. The Green Union, a local garden centre whose employees spotted the wire on the trees and posted pictures of them online, wonders: "Have you seen anything like this in any other botanical garden or anywhere else, for that matter?"
Another resident of Rostov-on-Don says razor wire on trees reminds him of the grim legacy of Gulag labour camps. "They might as well have put up gun towers," he says.
New Year's Eve is hugely important to Russians, most of whom are Orthodox Christians and celebrate Christmas in January. The traditional Russian family dinner on 31 December is never complete without a lavishly decorated fir tree in the living room, often referred to as "the New Year beauty". Some, however, are unwilling to pay for their trees, leaving gaps where fir trees used to grow in public parks.
Image copyright Green Union Image caption Thieves sometimes steal whole trees, or just chop off their tops
Next story: Uzbek city urges New Year revellers to stay home
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The German army contemplated fissures in the European Union and a rise in global conflicts as one of six scenarios that might play out by 2040, German magazine Der Spiegel wrote in this week's edition.
FILE PHOTO - German army soldiers drive their battle tank Leopard 2 after NATO enchanced Forward Presence Battle Group Lithuania exercise in Pabrade military training field, Lithuania, May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
The EU experienced a damaging debt crisis in 2010-12 and is now navigating Britain's departure from 28-country club, the first country to choose to lose the bloc.
In their scenarios, the German army's strategists envisaged a situation where more countries follow Britain's footsteps and the world becomes “increasingly disorderly”.
“The EU enlargement has been largely abandoned, more states have left the bloc,” they wrote in the study cited by Der Spiegel.
“The increasingly disorderly, sometimes chaotic and conflictual world has dramatically changed the security policy environment for Germany and Europe.”
The magazine said the study would be followed by concrete armaments plans to be developed in the coming years.
A Defence Ministry spokesman said on Sunday the study, labeled Strategic Perspective 2040, made “robust predictions” but did not attach probabilities to them or trigger decisions.
He declined to comment about the content of the report, which is confidential.
The five other scenarios cited by Der Spiegel include one where some eastern European states halt progress in EU integration and others enter the “Eastern bloc”, a likely reference to Russia and its allies.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the EU risked running into trouble unless it allowed members to participate at varying levels of intensity, with those using the euro currency pulling closer together.
Two scenarios in the army's study saw a comeback of Russian-style “state capitalism” in some EU countries and a halt in globalisation. A further two envisaged a more peaceful world.
BLACKBURN Rovers owners Venky's have denied they have received a joint ownership proposal – and stated they have no intention of selling the club.
Rover fans Ian Battersby and Ian Currie, through their company Seneca Partners, insist they approached Venky's ‘over two weeks ago' with ‘suggestions about how we might work with them both operationally and financially to try to turn the club around from its current plight'.
MORE TOP STORIES: '£1.2m on fresh air' - anger over cinema and public space spending
Rovers outline the reasons for Preston kick off time
Future of 2BR's Lancashire output in doubt
50 jobs saved as Salmesbury Hotel taken on by spa hotel group Mercure
But in a statement released yesterday afternoon Venky's said: “We have come across certain media reports that we have received a proposal for joint ownership of the club.
“We wish to clarify that there is no truth in these reports. We, the owners of the club, have no intention of selling or diluting our stake in any manner.
“We are totally and absolutely committed to supporting the club and endeavour for its advancement in all aspects.”
Battersby, who along with Currie, runs Seneca, a Haydock-based independent investment management and corporate advisory business for high net worth individuals and small and medium-sized enterprises, issued a statement in response last night.
It read: “Over two weeks ago, Seneca approached the owners, in writing, with suggestions about how we might work with them both operationally and financially to try to turn the club around from its current plight.
“We have since held conversations with a board director and the Venky's adviser in the UK, seeking information from them which would allow us to progress towards a due diligence process and hopefully thereafter, the opportunity to make a firm proposal to the owners.
“We have had no response despite repeated requests.
“We note the statement made today on the club's website which appears to react to media reports rather than the content of our own correspondence.
“This is disappointing but very clear in terms of the line that the owners intend to pursue.”
It was always difficult to figure out where exactly Domo Genesis fit in with Odd Future. Earl Sweatshirt was its teen prodigy, Frank Ocean its silent genius, and Tyler, the Creator its radical leader. In the beginning, Domo seemed like merely another warm body to justify the "collective" tag; his lethargic, professional weed carrier raps never really complementing the anarchist shouts of his teen rebel cohorts. But eventually he carved out space for himself on sheer tenacity, becoming more technically proficient and simply rapping harder. As the collective dissolved around him, he continued to be its steadiest member.
His Odd Future Records debut, Genesis, is the culmination of his years of consistency, the result of existing on the fringes of his friends' fame and trying to earn his keep. "If you don't like this song they gon' turn my lights off," Domo Genesis painfully reminds listeners on "All Night," and throughout Genesis he raps like it, spitting coiling phrases densely populated with slant rhymes. He spends much of its time searching for answers, trying to piece together a sensible reason to keep rapping. Over the course of the album's running time, he finds one: he's logged way too many hours to just quit now.
It'd be easy to discount Domo Genesis strictly as a stoner rapper, especially since his second single, "Go (Gas)," featuring smokers of note Wiz Khalifa and Juicy J, is packed with references to the drug (many from vocal straightedge rapper Tyler, in the vein of his appearance on "Rolling Papers"). But that'd be reductive. Domo Genesis can be a thoughtful writer. His paranoia starts to get the better of him on "Questions," which is a rabbit hole of internal doubt, and he communicates much of the internal conflict with his voice alone, which is cutting and combative. The flute-driven "One Below," a song prefaced by words from his mother, delves into how industry politics have reframed his outlook, rapping jarring lines like "I'm going to take all of mine if they've got nothing to give/ The lack of inspiration had me chasing broken ideas" and "my life story gotta be worth somebody's time." If anything, Domo seems to be sobering up.
The subtle, soulful production, from Christian Rich, Sha Money XL, Sap, and Cam O'bi, gives him mellow headspace from which to unspool his musings. When he raps over the elegant vocal chop on "Coming Back," with one of his most tightly wound verses, his bars snap into the pockets left by the sweet, retreating voice. But there are kinks: Sometimes the hooks on Genesis get wonky, there are portions of the record that feel unfinished (like the second half of "Wanderer"), and every now and then Domo will sneak in a groaner. But for the most part, Genesis is a revelation. "I got knowledge for every dollar made, so look at me now/ I'm scared of none of my flaws, they got 'em shook of me now/ So if you ever had a doubt about it, it shouldn't be now," he raps on "Awkward Groove." Now that the Odd Future bubble has burst, Domo Genesis is finally figuring out his worth.
CONCORD — More than a dozen baby opossums are nestled in empty tissue boxes in wire cages at Eva Berek's house, where she is caring for them until they are big enough to release into the wild.
As a Lindsay Wildlife Experience volunteer since 1980, Berek has nurtured hundreds of injured or orphaned animals — from hand-feeding tiny squirrels with a syringe to serving frozen chicks to a kestrel with a damaged wing.
“I've always been an animal person,” said Berek, 94, at her Concord home where a menagerie of wooden, stone and glass figurines collected since her childhood in Germany is on display in every room. She also has a dog, canary, parakeet and a guinea pig.
“If an animal is in distress and I'm able to help, I will. If I can't, I'll get help.”
Berek is one of 420 rehabilitation volunteers who cared for about half of the 6,000 animals Lindsay's hospital received last year. Most of the rescues were birds, including mourning doves, mallard ducks and house finches — victims of disease and cats; or babies orphaned by their mother's run-in with a vehicle.
The hospital takes in more opossums than any other mammal, nearly 500 so far this year, and most of those in home care are released, according to Chris Beard, Lindsay's wildlife rehabilitation volunteer coordinator.
For some time, Berek was one of the few volunteers who could do the multiple daily syringe feedings small opossums require, Beard said. Last year, she took care of 105 opossums, hospital records show.
Since they are so young, some of Berek's charges don't survive, but she remains positive and concentrates on the ones she's able to save, Beard said.
“She's always extremely eager. Sometimes it's almost a question of trying to get her to not take possums,” he said. “If she had the cage space, she would have no problem scooping them all up.”
Eugenie Riberi, Lindsay's wildlife rehabilitation hospital manager, described Berek as always smiling and bubbly.
An “I (heart) Opossums” car magnet and doormat announcing the “Possum Lady lives here” are indicators of Berek's affinity for the oft-maligned marsupials.
“Look how pretty they are,” she said as she checked a baby's nose to see if it needed an iron supplement. “You may not think so, but I love them.”
But sharing her home with a passel of opossums actually may be the least remarkable thing about Berek, who escaped the horrors of the Holocaust.
Sponsored by an uncle who lived in New York, Berek and her parents fled Berlin in 1940 for the United States, leaving behind relatives and friends who would perish in the concentration camps. She also lost her beloved wire hair fox terrier, Puck.
“Nobody would take the dog because he came from a Jewish family, he was a Jewish dog,” Berek recalled. “So we had to put him down.”
During the seven-week journey, Berek and her parents traveled through Russia and China to Yokohama, Japan, where they boarded a steamer bound for San Francisco. When the ship sailed beneath the Golden Gate Bridge, Berek said she was overwhelmed by joy and relief.
“We were free.”
She spent her 19th birthday on Angel Island, where the government processed and detained immigrants. She worked first as a busgirl in a department store employee cafeteria, and later as a sales clerk.
Following a whirlwind six-month courtship, at 22 she married Seymour Berek in her parents' apartment and honeymooned in Santa Cruz on his three-day pass from the Army. She and her husband, who studied optometry at UC Berkeley on the GI Bill after the war, settled in Antioch and stayed together until his death on her birthday in 1999. Ten years ago, she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer.
“So, I'm a survivor twice, once from Hitler Germany and once from cancer,” said Berek, who will be 95 in September.
In 1968, she reluctantly returned to Germany at her husband's urging. During that visit, Berek sought out her father's former boss, who late at night would deliver boxes of food to supplement her family's meager weekly rations of one egg and a quarter-pound of meat per person.
“That's how we survived,” she said. “I was able to thank him.”
Margaret Salfen, whose father was a close friend of Berek's father, has known her since childhood.
“She's such an amazing lady. I love her so much, and I have so much respect for her,” Salfen said.
They share a love for animals, and Salfen, who has five dogs and four birds at her Woodside home, found Berek's rescue Yorkshire terrier, Miss Tootsie.
“She is very smart and witty and very opinionated,” said Salfen, 69. “She's a strong woman, but she's got a heart of gold; just truly a kind, compassionate, caring person. This world would do much better with more people like her.”
As an immigrant who came to the United States seeking freedom and safety, she's sickened by the refugee crisis roiling Europe. In fact, her unique perspective on freedom plays a role in her volunteer work with Lindsay. The most rewarding part of that service, she said, is returning animals to the wild, giving them back their freedom.
“For the last two or three years I keep saying, I wonder if this is my last year. You know, I'm almost 95, and I'm not going to be here forever,” Berek said. “I do want to do it as long as I possibly can.”
Lisa P. White covers Concord and Pleasant Hill. Contact her at 925-943-8011. Follow her at Twitter.com/lisa_p_white.
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
"Too many people are going to college," writes my American Enterprise Institute colleague Charles Murray. That's not a response to the mob of students who attacked him and the liberal professor who had invited him to speak back in March at Middlebury College. It's the title of the third chapter in his 2008 book, "Real Education: Four Simple Truths for Bringing America's Schools Back to Reality."
Since Murray wrote those words, higher-education enrollment has in fact declined, from 20.6 million in 2011 to 19 million in 2016, according to Ohio University economists Richard Vedder and Justin Strehle, who wrote about it in The Wall Street Journal. That 8 percent drop was concentrated in community colleges and for-profit schools.
But enrollment has been no better than flat at large four-year universities, and law school enrollment plunged by 31 percent from 2010 to 2015. And freshman enrollment at the University of Missouri has fallen by 35 percent since the riots during which a faculty member called for "muscle" against a student journalist.
One reason for the flight, Vedder and Strehle argue, is that the costs of higher education keep rising while the returns for a college diploma are getting worse. Tuitions and fees rose by 74 percent, adjusted for inflation, from 2000 to 2016, while the earnings differential between high-school and college graduates fell 10 percent.
For years, policymakers subsidized higher education, along with homeownership, because they noticed that college graduates and homeowners earned more and had stronger community ties than others. The thinking was that more subsidies would produce more of both.
Instead, over-subsidization led to the bursting of a housing bubble, and it seems to be leading now to what Tennessee law professor Glenn Reynolds identifies as the bursting of the higher-education bubble. The intended beneficiaries were left worse off after foreclosures, and the same may prove true for those with student loan debt (higher today than credit card debt).
It certainly looks as if federal aid and student loan and grant money have been vacuumed up by colleges and universities, which nationwide now employ more administrators than teachers. And this administrative bloat has had additional malign effects.
College and university administrators have done more to encourage and little to nothing to discourage campus violence -- e.g., the attacks on Murray at Middlebury, the riots to bar Ann Coulter from Berkeley and Heather Mac Donald from Claremont, the orgy to punish Bret Weinstein for refusing to stay off campus on "no whites" day at Evergreen State.
Administrators gleefully accepted the Obama Education Department's "guidance" to set up kangaroo courts to deny accused students legal representation, knowledge of charges against them and the right not to testify against themselves -- all to combat a bogus crisis of campus rapes based on misleading statistics. This persecution is documented in detail by KC Johnson and Stuart Taylor in the recent book "The Campus Rape Frenzy."
Administrators have also defended restrictive speech codes, which have made our campuses the part of America least open to free expression, against attacks from the indefatigable Foundation for Individual Rights in Education.
Young people planning their futures might be wise to hesitate to commit their time and money to institutions run by the people committing these outrages. And they have reason to suspect they don't offer much in the way of serious education.
The long march of the '60s generation has politicized disciplines from English to anthropology. University faculties, which range from the merely liberal to revolutionary leftists -- some diversity there! -- ensure that many classes are limited to mind-deadening denunciations of dead white men. Students interested in Shakespeare or American constitutional history need not apply.
Ethnic and women's studies departments have produced, here and there, some worthy scholarship, but a lot more of it is mindless agitprop. Thousands of Ph.D. theses are submitted each year in incomprehensible politically correct jargon, to be unread by anyone except writer and adviser -- or perhaps to be published in the plethora of similarly unread "peer-reviewed" journals, whose peer review process is not necessarily as rigorous as you think. One of these published an obvious spoof article submitted in jest, which was titled "The Conceptual Penis as a Social Construct." This piece of anything but scholarship went right through without anyone's noticing it was a joke. It argued that penises are best understood as "an enacted social construct that is both damaging and problematic for society and future generations."
In "Real Education," Charles Murray argued that too many people go to college. Nine years later, it seems that more and more young people are concluding that American higher education -- and its administrative bloat -- is not worth their time or money. They may well be right.
HOW IS RAMADHAN FAST DIFFERENT FROM OTHER TYPES OF FAST?
Muslims world wide observe total fasting (no food or water) between dawn to sunset in the month of Ramadhan. Although it is not done to reap health benefits as it is ordained by Allah(Swt).But science proves that the Ramadhan fast has immense health benefits apart from its spiritual healing.
1.NO RESTRICTION ON TYPE AND AMOUNT OF FOOD INTAKE
As compared to other diet plans, in fasting during Ramadhan, there is no malnutrition or inadequate calorie intake since there is no restriction on the type or amount of food intake during Iftaar or Sahar.
2.RAMADHAN ENCOURAGES SELF REGULATION AND SELF TRAINING FOR WEIGHT LOSS
Fasting in Ramadhan is voluntarily undertaken. It is not a prescribed imposition from a physician. In the hypothalamus part of the brain there is a center called “lipostat” which controls the body mass. When severe and rapid weight loss is achieved by starvation diet, the center does not recognize this as normal and, therefore re-programs itself to cause weight gain rapidly once the person goes off the starvation diet. So the only effective way of losing weight is slow, self-controlled, and gradual weight loss by modifying our behavior, and the attitude about eating while eliminating excess food. Ramadan is a month of self-regulation and self-training in terms of food intake thereby causing hopefully, a permanent change in lipostat reading.
3.NO DIETING WITH SELECTIVE FOOD
In Islamic fasting, we are not subjected to a diet of selective food only (i.e. protein only, fruits only etc). An early breakfast, before dawn is taken and then at sunset fast is broken with something sweet i.e. dates, fruits, juices to warrant any hypoglycemia followed by a regular dinner later on.
4.ADDITIONAL PRAYER WHICH METABOLISE FOOD
Additional prayers are prescribed after the dinner, which helps metabolize the food. Using a calorie counter, The amount of calories burnt during extra prayer called Traveeh. It amounted to 200 calories,according to a study.. Islamic prayer called Salat uses all the muscles and joints and can be placed in the category of a mild exercise in terms of caloric output.
5.FASTS BREAK THE ADDICTIONS
Ramadhan fast is actually an exercise in self discipline. For those who are a chain smoker, or nibble food constantly, or drink coffee every hour, it is a good way to break the habit, hoping that the effect will continue after the month is over.
6.I AM FASTING:
Psychological effect of Ramadhan fast are also well observed by the description of people who fast. They describe a feeling of inner peace and tranquility. The prophet has advised them “If one slanders you or aggresses against you, tell them I am fasting”. Thus personal hostility during the month is minimal.
Ramadhan Fast changes us spiritually and physically for good and makes us energetic.
What Happens To Your Body When You Don't Eat For 16 Hours
Ramadan fasts are from fazr to Maghrib usually around 14 hrs and can be around 16 hrs .Let us see what happens to the body when you don't eat for 16 hrs.
Stabilizes insulin levels
– prevents and reverses diabetes.
In a 2005 study Danish researchers showed that intermittent fasting quickly increases insulin-mediated glucose uptake rates. Eight healthy men in their mid-20's fasted 20 hours every other day for 15 days. At the end of the trial, their insulin had become more efficient at managing blood sugar.
Gives you more energy
– get more done, have more fun!
Dramatically reduce risk of chronic diseases & obesity.
– Say goodbye to dangerous belly fat forever!
Stops sugar cravings & hunger pangs
– the fastest way to lose weight safely.
A study published in the International Journal of Obesity in 2011 found that intermittent fasting was as effective as continuous calorie restriction for improving weight loss, insulin sensitivity and other metabolic disease risk markers., and slightly better for reducing insulin resistance.
Boosts growth hormone naturally
– plays an important part in health, fitness & slowing the aging process.
Research presented at the 2011 annual scientific sessions of the American College of Cardiology in New Orleans4 showed that fasting triggered a 1,300 percent rise of human growth hormone (HGH) in women, and an astounding 2,000 percent in men.
Lowers triglycerides & prevents Alzheimer's
– possibly cut your future medical bills.
Reduces free radical cell damage
– look and feel younger for longer.
Better brain health
– sharper mind, less risk of disease.
A study shows that if you don't eat for 10–16 hours, your body will go to its fat stores for energy, and fatty acids called ketones will be released into the bloodstream. This has been shown to protect memory and learning functionality, says Mattson, as well as slow disease processes in the brain.
source of Reports :
Govt prepares bill to repeal 36 archaic laws
India
oi-PTI
By PTI
New Delhi , Aug 8: Moving ahead with Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's agenda of scrapping 'archaic' laws, the government has prepared a bill to repeal 36 redundant Acts which is expected to be introduced in Parliament next week.
This is the first time since 2001 that such an exercise is being undertaken by the Law Ministry. Out of 36 "antequated" Acts, 32 are Amendment Acts which were passed to change the existing laws. Four other are Acts which have become obsolete.
The decision is in tune with Modi's agenda to do away with archaic laws, which are hindering efficient governance. Soon after taking over, Modi had told a meeting of Secretaries that "there may be rules and processes which have become outdated, and instead of serving the process of governance, they are leading to avoidable confusion".
He had stressed upon the need to "identify and do away with such archaic rules and procedures". After this bill, the government will move another measure to repeal more of such Acts in the next session of Parliament. "An Amendment bill is moved to to add or remove certain provisions in the principal Act.
Once the amendment bill is passed by Parliament and signed in to Act by the President, the Amendment Act becomes redundant as its provisions are included in the Principal Act. Such Acts which have outlived their use clog the statute books," explained a senior government functionary.
Between 1950 and 2001 over a hundred Acts have been repealed. At one time 100 such Acts were repealed. The Amendment Acts which are sought to be repealed include amendments to the Representation of the People Act and some provisions of the IPC. Two of the stand alone Acts which will also be repealed throuh the bill are Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1947 and Sugar Undertaking Act.
PTI
A Tampa woman who believes the Sandy Hook shooting is a hoax was arrested Monday after federal officials say she repeatedly threatened the parent of a child killed at the elementary school who now lives in Palm Beach County.
"Look behind you, death is coming to you real soon," Lucy Richards, 57, is accused of saying in a voice message left for the parent. The parent, who spoke with The Post but did not wish to be identified, said Richards left multiple voice messages Jan. 10 riddled with vulgarities and death threats.
» Download our PostNOW app to get the latest Breaking News
"We are comforted to know that the system is working to protect the victims of violent crime from re-victimization by potentially violent Hoaxers," the parent said in a statement.
Richards faces four counts of transmitting threats, U.S. Department of Justice records show. She is scheduled to appear before a judge Dec. 19 in Fort Lauderdale.
Richards told officials she doesn't believe the December 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School actually happened, which motivated her to leave threatening messages for the parent. Twenty children and six adults were killed Dec. 14, 2012, in the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn. At the time, it was the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
A former Florida Atlantic University professor, James Tracy, gained notoriety last year for claims that the Sandy Hook massacre was staged by the Obama administration to usher in stricter regulations on guns. The university fired the tenured professor in early January for failing to submit paperwork about his activities outside the university, according to Tracy's termination letter.
Tracy is fighting the university's decision in court.
A group, HONR Network, was created in 2013 to combat conspiracy theories about mass shootings, including those at Sandy Hook, the Orlando Pulse Nightclub and Santa Barbara. The network commended Richards' arrest.
Online payment company says funds were being used for 'illegal activity' in violation of its rules
PayPal has frozen WikiLeaks' account in the latest action against the whistleblower website, which has been posting leaked US embassy cables online.
The decision by the online payment site – which WikiLeaks had used to raise funds for web hosting and other costs – has been announced with a posting on PayPal's blog.
PayPal, owned by the auction website eBay, said the account had been frozen because it was being used for "illegal" activity.
This week Amazon withdrew its cloud hosting of WikiLeaks' cables site and the WikiLeaks.org domain was taken offline. It has since moved to other domains based outside America.
PayPal said: "PayPal has permanently restricted the account used by WikiLeaks due to a violation of the PayPal acceptable use policy, which states that our payment service cannot be used for any activities that encourage, promote, facilitate or instruct others to engage in illegal activity. We've notified the account holder of this action."
by BAR managing editor Bruce A. Dixon
The White House is reportedly considering using clemency to release a few hundred or couple thousand federal prisoners. Better than nothing, but it's in no sense a start at dismantling the prison state. Clemency changes no laws or institutions or police, prosecutorial or prison practices. The cells will be refilled in weeks. It's a cynical, empty gesture from an administration marked by utter indifference to black suffering.
6 Reasons Why Obama's Clemency Program For Drug Offenders Doesn't Change Mass Incarceration One Bit
by BAR managing editor Bruce A. Dixon
It's all over the internet. The Obama administration is talking up the possibility of using presidential clemency powers to release some undetermined number, perhaps hundreds or even thousands of federal prisoners without wealth or political connections from their unjustly long drug sentences. But hold your hosannas, don't get your hopes up. Though the precise numbers are unclear at this time, what's unmistakably evident is that this is in no sense whatsoever the beginning of a rollback of America's prison state. The releases, as the attorney general and government officials are describing them, will not represent any significant or permanent change to the nation's universal policy of mass incarceration, mainly of poor black and brown youth. Here, in plain English are 6 reasons why.
The Obama administration's expected releases will use the president's clemency powers. Presidential clemency amounts to forgiveness after the fact. Clemency does not change a single word or phrase in any of the galaxy of state and federal laws which have already sent literally millions to prison for absurdly long sentences for what authorities call “non-violent drug offenses,” and under which hundreds of thousands are currently serving those same sentences and hundreds of thousands more are awaiting trial and sentencing. Clemency leaves those laws in place, so that the places of those released will soon be filled again. Presidential clemency will set no legal precedents that current or future defendants in federal or state drug cases, their attorneys or sentencing judges can use to avoid the application of unjust existing laws, including harsh mandatory minimums and sentencing guidelines. Like the unjust statutes, the unjust legal precedents which have helped filled state and federal prisons to bursting will also remain intact. Presidential clemency will have no effect on the predatory conduct of police and prosecutors on the state or federal level. Police departments will remain free to conduct their “war on drugs” almost exclusively in poor and minority communities. Prosecutors will still be able to coerce defendants into accepting plea bargains, and threaten them with longer sentences if they go to trial. If only one in twenty defendants across the board and even fewer in federal court currently go to trial, what does that say about the ability or the willingness of our courts to even try determining guilt or innocence? Federal prosecutors have publicly thumbed their noses at Eric Holder's feeble questioning of the war on drugs, stated their intention to continue filling the prisons and jails, and local prosecutors in the US are elected officials accustomed to running for office based on how many people they can lock up for how long. Presidential clemency can only be applied to federal prisoners, who are a mere 190,000, or 11% of the roughly 1.7 million currently serving time. (Another 600,000 are awaiting trial on all levels or serving misdemeanor time.) If we're talking about federal prisoners serving drug related sentences, the universe shrinks to only 100,000, or 5% of the nation's 2.3 million prisoners. There are more former prisoners than current ones. For the rest of their lives, former prisoners and their families are viciously discriminated against in a host of ways, in the job and housing market, in education and public services and in access to health care, all legally. That won't change. Even the few that get this clemency won't be protected from that. The federal government will NOT even be screening all federal drug prisoners to determine who is eligible for clemency. Attorney General Holder has instead announced that criminal defense lawyers and organizations like the ACLU are being asked to bring to the government's attention cases they imagine are most deserving of clemency. Don't they have, you know, a Department of Justice for that? Depending on private organizations and attorneys to come up with the cases for possible clemency turns the whole thing into an exercise in philanthropy, not the fundamental change in governmental policy that people need, want and demand. It means that prisoners serving unduly long sentences who don't have vigilant private attorneys and advocacy organizations on their case will remain unjustly imprisoned, while those with outside friends have a chance at early release.
The bottom line is that an act of presidential clemency, while good news for the lucky hundreds or thousands of families involved, will leave no legal footprint and make no institutional impact upon the universal policy of mass incarceration. For this reason, it's exactly NOT a first step that can lead to something more. It's a dead end. At the rate the pipelines are pumping them in, their cells will be refilled in a month or two, no problem. It's hard to avoid the conclusion that this clemency initiative is nothing more than a lazy, cynical and nearly empty gesture it hopes will buy some black votes and good will in 2014 and beyond.
Is it better than nothing? Yes, of course. It's just not that much better, and we definitely DO have a right to expect much, much better. There are millions locked up. A couple thousand may be released. But a million is a thousand thousands. The dead end of presidential clemency for a handful on the federal level simply does not scale even to the beginning of changing the institutional policies of mass incarceration. On that level it's bogus. It will free not one state prisoner a day earlier and initiates no processes or lasting precedents that ever will. It will help none of the hundreds of thousands of families of former prisoners and won't affect any cases in the pipeline, which will refill the slots of those who receive clemency in weeks, and it doesn't change what police or prosecutors and courts do either.
This is not the result of some soaring vision of justice, and cannot lead to any lasting institutional change. It leaves the prison state completely intact, just giving the most hopeful and the most cynical something to talk about in the months leading up to another mid-term election, when the administration, and Democrats need the black vote.
It didn't have to be this way. During the first two years of the Obama presidency, when his party had a lock on both houses of Congress, the president and congressional Democrats had a chance to write retroactive revocation of tens of thousands of sentences into its so-called Fair Sentencing Act. Despite this being a matter of desperate concern to the constituency that elected them, it was not a priority for the first black president or for the black political class at the time. Every year since, the Obama Department of Justice has had the chance to rewrite the way it distributes federal funding to state and local law enforcement agencies to discourage mass incarceration. Every year the president had the ability to close some of its notorious federal supermax prisons, or find ways to deny funding for such things on the state level. None of this happened. In fact, while a broad citizen movement in Illinois, the president's home state finally closed a state supermax prison, Obama's latest Bureau of Prisons budgets has the feds buying another unused Illinois prison for conversion into a federal supermax, ADX Thomson, or Gitmo North. The federal prison budget has grown every year president Obama has held office.
Sophisticated apologists for the president will of course chide folks who find “better than nothing” insufficient for being naive and foolish. Are they? Were the tens of millions who elected Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 foolish for imagining they have even the right to demand better? What about the many, many thousands of activists who gave freely of their time and efforts year in and year out to make the careers of the black political class possible, the people who called house meetings, union and church meetings? Were the folks who went door to door, who rallied and registered voters and more to elect black aldermen, sheriffs, county commissioners, mayors, legislators and finally a black president -- the people who DID imagine and DID tell their children and their neighbors that this would make things better -- were they all just unrealistic chumps?
I used to be one of them. They didn't say – we didn't say -- it was “better than nothing." We told each other, and often we actually believed electing black faces to high places was a necessary step toward making things better. Were we naïve and foolish to imagine a better world is even possible? Or is our black political class too cynical, too corrupt, too prosperous and too lazy to share the dreams of the ordinary people they supposedly represent?
Keeping with the tradition of the past few years, the unveiling will take place at the Barcelona-Catalunya circuit, in the pit lane outside our garage. Carlos Sainz and Daniil Kvyat will reveal the car at 4.30 in the afternoon on Sunday 26th February, for the usual photo call, followed by a chat with the media.
It's on the Monday that the action starts, when the traffic light at the end of the pit lane will go green at exactly 09h00 to signal the start of eight days of pre-season testing, split into two sessions, both at the same track, with a four day gap in between them.
Carlos will have the honour of giving the STR12 its track baptism, which will mean we will have a very impatient Daniil in the garage, waiting for his turn the day after.
I've seen a bunch of people weigh in on the amateur wrestling credentials of Jon Jones and Chael Sonnen. Like usual, there is misinformation out there, and there are some people who know what they are talking about. Here we will attempt to provide a bit more definite of an account.
If we want to make sense of the wrestling achievements littering each fighter's resume, I suppose the first place to start would be in distinguishing between the two fighter's track records in two different wrestling styles-scholastic (which is my preferred name for American folkstyle) and Greco-Roman.
Comparing the scholastic wrestling of Jones and Sonnen- Scholastic wrestling is the style contested in high school and college. When comparing the wrestling achievements of two different wrestlers who both have collegiate resumes, one would best not dwell on any credentials earned as a high schooler and before. Anyone who follows college wrestling soon learns that high school victories mean little to nothing in the collegiate arena. If collegiate results are available, they possess the lion's share of probative value in these sorts of discussions.
In comparing the two fighter's collegiate credentials, the initial place to look should be each'fighter's competition level. Sonnen wrestled for the now defunct University of Oregon program, which is NCAA Division 1. Division 1 is the highest level of collegiate competition, and serves as something of a gold standard. The greatness of any non Division 1 wrestler, be it NCAA Division 2 or 3, NAIA, NCWA, or NJCAA, can only be determined by how he matches up with his Division 1 contemporaries.
Jon competed on the NJCAA (JUCO) level where he was a national champion in 2006.* What does an NJCAA national title mean? The answer can vary. A decent number of JUCO champs go on to great success in Division 1 wrestling and beyond. The year after Brock Lesnar won his JUCO title, he made it to the Division 1 national finals. JUCO Champ Tom Erikson went on to one day make a United States world team. Two time JUCO champ Daniel Cormier made two Olympic teams and earned a world bronze medal. These, however, are outliers. A JUCO championship, in my opinion, is at least equivalent of the achievement level of a mid-range Division 1 wrestler.
*This is not to be confused with a California junior college state championship, which is also sometimes referred to, quite misleadingly, as a national championship. Both Jake Shields and Tito Ortiz placed in this tournament, and for this reason some describe to them as "All American" wrestlers. They aren't All Americans, they are "All California JUCO".
Chael Sonnen's greatest achievement was placing eighth at the 1998 NCAA Division 1 tournament, the lowest one can place and claim All-American status. Not all eighth place finishers in this tournament are equal, fairly often we see less accomplished qualifiers in this tournament go on hot streaks and sneak into All American status. Chael was one of these one hit wonders, he had an impressive collegiate resume, including three qualifications for the NCAA tournament and placements at the prestigious Midlands championship. He even earned a seed at the 1999 NCAA championships where he placed in the top twelve.
Under normal circumstances, Division 1 All American status carries greater weight than an NJCAA championship, and Chael can claim a greater volume of wrestling achievement at a higher level than Jones. This is not the end of the story as one fact does work in Jones's favor- as far as I can find, in the results which are available to me, both Jones and Sonnen both can claim only one win in collegiate competition over a wrestler who would go on to become a Division 1 All American. In 1998, Sonnen defeated Michigan State's Nick Muzashvili in the round of twelve. Nick would go on to third and fourth place finishes at the next two NCAA tournaments. In 2005, in the semi finals of the University of Northern Iowa Open, Jon Jones defeated Missouri's Max Askren (Ben's brother). The next season Max would earn the first seed at the NCAA tournament, and finish his career as a three All American finishes and national champion.
So while most factors would indicate that Chael Sonnen had a superior college wrestling career to Jon Jones, at least in the category of significant victories, an argument can be made that Jones is equal to Sonnen.
The Greco-Roman Achievements of Jon Jones and Chael Sonnen
Greco is the upper-body only variation of the two Olympic wrestling styles (which are not contested in varsity high school competition nor in the NCAA). Sonnen's achievements emphatically trump Jones's in this style. Chael is, or was, a legitimate world class Greco-Roman wrestler. Chael placed third at the 2000 Olympic trials challenge tournament, putting him fourth in line for the Olympic team (the fourth place finisher at this weight was Dan Henderson, who defaulted his third place match against Chael). Chael won the very respectable Dave Schultz Memorial Tournament twice, and he finished as a runner-up at a university world championship.
I should note here that the university world championship is not the "real" world championship. That would be the senior world championship. University worlds can't even claim to be the second best world championship, that honor would belong to the junior world championships, open to 20-22 year olds. The university world championships, meant to be a championship for students, is a weird event, and winning a silver medal there can have a variety of meanings. In Chael's case, it was an impressive achievement; he placed in front of some very good wrestlers in winning silver, including a Hungarian who would go on to win a silver medal at a later senior world championship.
Jon Jones Greco accomplishments were nice, though often portrayed with exaggerated importance. He placed fifth in the nation in the cadet age group in 2003, and won a northeast regional title in the junior age group in 2004 (this might be horribly confusing, the "junior" age group I just mentioned is a U.S. only classification for older high school age wrestlers, the "junior" I mentioned in the previous paragraph is the international classification also known as "FILA junior"). Apparently, Jones earned all his meaningful Greco credentials during his high school years, and thus they really don't hold up in comparison to Sonnen's.
The Verdict
In scholastic wrestling, Jones and Sonnen have a much more comparable pedigree than initial appearance suggests, and in Greco-Roman Sonnen's resume quite clearly outshines Jones's.
Jones is going to mash Chael. He'll probably out wrestle him in the process. Nevertheless, we should keep the respective amateur wrestling credentials of each fighter in proper perspective. Why? I'm pretty sure I explained why somewhere else on this blog, if not, just trust me, it's important.
Swedish hacker Emil Kvarnhammar has reported a since-fixed four-year-old local root 'backdoor' OS X that allows remote attackers to increase the damage of their hacks.
Kvarnhammar says the unpublished API, which he dubs a backdoor, grants root access to local users on unpatched boxes. The flaw (CVE-2015-1130) is fixed in Apple's patch run this week but for machines running OS X 10.10.x only.
Kvarnhammar says it is useful as a means to bolster remote attacks that use regular user accounts which lack system access.
"The admin framework in Apple OS X contains a hidden backdoor API to root privileges [that] can be exploited to escalate privileges to root from any user account in the system," Kvarnhammar says in an advisory.
"The intention was probably to serve the System Preferences app and systemsetup command-line tool, but any user process can use the same functionality.
"This is a local privilege escalation to root, which can be used locally or combined with remote code execution exploits."
Kvarnhammar discovered the flaw October last year and published exploit code ahead of a talk he will give at Security Conference next month.
Attackers can pull off the hack by sending a nil, a kind of NULL for Object C, Kvarnhammar says.
It is as simple as sending nil to authenticateUsingAuthorizationSync instead of using the result of [SFAuthorization authorisation]: [sharedClient authenticateUsingAuthorizationSync: nil]; It seems like the authorization checks are made by triggering callback functions on the auth-object supplied. For those of you who are not Objective-C programmers: Guess what happens if you call methods on a null reference – or to use Objective-C language, send a message to nil? Nothing!
Users should update to OS X 10.10.3, since OS X 10.9.x and older remain un-patched. Systems running OS X 10.8.5, 10.9.5, and 10.10 to 10.10.2, for example, are still vulnerable. If your Mac can't run Yosemite, then you're out of luck. ®
In what can only be described as the most unbelievable turn of events around the Beast Jesus debacle, Techdirt says the woman at the center of the global sensation is claiming copyright and wants a cut of the tourist money bonanza that has hit the small Spanish church.
Yes, octogenarian Cecilia Gimenez, who destroyed transformed García Martínez's 19th-century fresco of Jesus into the now infamous Beast Jesus, isn't pleased that she's been left out of the spoils of her work. Spanish newspaper El Correo explains that since last Saturday the church has started charging visitors to the site and Gimenez wants some of the €2,000 they've raised in four days.
The site, which has become a tourist destination, is attracting travelers from around the world and people can't seem to get enough of it. The newspaper mentions one bargain airline, Ryanair, is offering flights for €12 from the cities it serves to visit the site in Saragossa, Spain, which is the closest major airport to the church.
No word yet if Gimenez, who wants to cash in on her “devotion,” is going to try to claim copyright of the meme too.
Getty Images
As the Falcons practiced at Rice University before Super Bowl LI last week, security had an issue to deal with: Someone flew a drone overhead.
“Security officers grounded a drone that was sent airborne by one of the residents in the neighborhood on Thursday,” wrote Peter King, who was selected to be the only reporter present for the Falcons' practices last week.
It's unclear exactly how the security officers grounded the drone, but it's easy to see why the Falcons wouldn't want a drone flying overhead, as it could be used to film them. The Patriots, with their Spygate history, will of course be accused by some conspiracy theorists of being behind the drone, but King's report makes clear that it was just a person who lives in the residential area near Rice's practice facilities.
For security purposes during the Super Bowl, drones are not allowed within 35 miles of NRG Stadium today from 4 p.m. to midnight.
A 500-kilometre underground pipeline from Pakistan to the United Arab Emirates has been proposed as a solution to solving water scarcity in the UAE.
Background
Abdulla Al Shehi, an Emirati businessman, has proposed the construction of a pipeline running from the Dasht River in Pakistan to Fujairah in the UAE in an effort to secure greater water availability for the water-scarce country. Annual floods in Pakistan's Dasht River are currently drained out to sea; the proposal offers to divert Pakistan's excess water for use in the UAE. Pakistan itself, however, is water-scarce too.
Comment
The Gulf state relies on desalination to meet 80 per cent of its water requirements. A previous FDI paper outlining the extent of the UAE's water scarcity noted, however, that desalination is expensive and energy-intensive. With very little regular rainfall and dwindling groundwater sources, the heavy reliance on desalination as its main water supply puts the UAE at risk of extreme water shortages should its desalination plants be targeted by militants. On the other hand, unlike the UAE, Pakistan's water challenges are mostly caused by resource mismanagement.
The UAE's arid and dry climate impinges upon its ability to use water efficiently. Despite its climate, which is unsuitable for agricultural production, the UAE continues to produce a range of agricultural outputs, including the majority of its fruit and vegetable demand. The UAE currently uses 70 to 80 per cent of its precious water resources on agriculture. The proposed pipeline is predicted to provide the country with an increased water supply and organic matter that is beneficial for fertilising soils. Both resources would improve the UAE's agricultural efficiency and crop irrigation. The additional water supply, it is predicted, would also increase the country's dwindling groundwater levels.
Mr Al Shehi argues that the pipeline would reduce the risk of flooding in Pakistan. The proposal to divert “spare” water from the Dasht River into the UAE does not, however, assist Pakistan in addressing its own water scarcity issue. While Pakistan currently channels its excess water out to sea, some claim that the water should instead be diverted into storage for use in Pakistan. Exporting water is not a considered approach when the country does not have an abundance of the resource.
The businessman proposing the pipeline claims that the relationship between the UAE and Pakistan is free from political problems that would impede the project. According to the UAE Embassy in Islamabad, the bilateral relationship between the two countries is a ‘trust-worthy strategic partnership'. The UAE is one of Pakistan's largest investors and has an active humanitarian role in the country. Others note that political problems could arise during the project. Reports indicate that the relationship between the UAE and Pakistan may be weakening, particularly after Pakistan declined an invitation by Saudi Arabia to join a military alliance against Yemen in August last year. India is also developing a closer relationship with the UAE. The possibility exists for the geopolitical status between the UAE and Pakistan to shift in the future. Developing a transboundary pipeline between the two countries would create a state of hydro-dependency where the UAE is reliant on Pakistan for its water supply.
The idea to divert excess water from Pakistan is innovative and offers an alternative source of water security against the UAE's dwindling water supply and its heavy reliance on desalination. Given the complex web of geopolitics and the dependency that the UAE would have upon Pakistan, there may be more practical and efficient alternatives for the UAE to conserve its precious water. Instead of importing the water required for its agricultural production, the UAE may be better served – both economically and in terms of water conservation – to import produce from more agricultural-efficient nations. The growing challenge of climate change and significant water shortages in both countries requires strategic demand and supply-side management. Sourcing supply from one water-scarce country to another for unsustainable agricultural use may not be the best way to ensure future water supply.
Prime minister seeks to renew Margaret Thatcher's legacy by unveiling discount of up to £75,000 on homes for council tenants
David Cameron will seek to rejuvenate one of Margaret Thatcher's main legacies when he declares that two million social tenants could buy their properties with a discount of up to £75,000.
The prime minister, who believes that discounts became "virtually meaningless" over the past decade after they failed to keep pace with property prices, will pledge to give tenants a chance to secure a "vital rung on the property ladder".
Cameron's remarks will be made at the formal launch of what is being dubbed the reinvigorated right-to-buy scheme, designed to breathe new life into one of Thatcher's most significant achievements.
The government says two million social homes have been bought by their occupants since the scheme's introduction in 1980. But numbers have tailed off to fewer than 4,000 sales last year.
Cameron will say: "I want many more people to achieve the dream of home ownership. In the 80s, right to buy helped millions of people living in council housing to achieve their aspiration of owning their own home.
"It gave something back to families who worked hard, paid their rent and played by the rules. It allowed them to do up their home, change their front door, improve their garden – without getting permission from the council. It gave people a sense of pride and ownership not just in their home, but in their street and neighbourhood, helping to build strong families and stable mixed communities.
"But, over time, the discounts were cut; they didn't keep pace with rises in property prices and this vital rung on the property ladder was all but removed. This government is now putting it back by dramatically increasing the discount rates so that we support the dreams of those council tenants who to want to own the roof over their head."
The £75,000 discount represents a quadrupling of the discount cap in London and a trebling in most parts of Britain. The average right-to-buy discount fell from 50% of the value of a property in 1998-99 to 24% in 2008-09. In London, it fell from 53% to 10%.
Most of the passengers scurrying to board Amtrak's Silver Star No. 91 at New York's Penn Station one recent morning had no idea that Chuck Jensen had already snagged the best seat: a plush leather armchair with a panoramic view out the back.
Jensen had more than a reserved seat waiting for him. He had his own rail car, an antique painted a deep Tuscan red, hitched to the end of the train.
“You just don't get to see this” on other train rides, Jensen said minutes later, gazing through his car's large back windows as the Hudson River tunnel receded into the distance on the way to Union Station in Washington. “Isn't that cool?”
Riding in your own rail car might be cool, but it doesn't come cheap. Jensen estimates that he's sunk about $450,000 into refurbishing his 1923 Pullman sleeper. Even so, Jensen, the chief mechanical officer for the Morristown & Erie Railway in New Jersey, isn't among the super rich. Like most of the 80 or so private rail car owners who operate on Amtrak tracks nationwide, he's a lifelong train buff who depends on renting out his car for charter trips to cover the $10,000 in annual storage, insurance and maintenance costs. Jensen rides most often as a member of the crew, sometimes bringing along his wife, Ginny, and two teenage sons to help carry passengers' luggage and serve meals.
At a time when the Obama administration and Amtrak are pushing to build a high-speed rail network that could run trains akin to Japan's bullet trains, Jensen and his fellow rail car owners are paying big money to hearken back to the charms of passenger rail's pre-World War II heyday.
As Northeast Corridor trains such as the Metroliner and Acela have picked up speed over the past 15 years, some private rail car owners have sought additional routes. Federal law prohibits private cars from traveling more than 110 mph — too slow for the Metroliner and Acela, let alone the 220 mph speeds that Amtrak officials are eyeing for the “next generation” high-speed trains between Washington, New York and Boston.
But those who pay $250,000 and more for cars certified to run on Amtrak tracks say they can always attach their cars to slower, long-distance trains, including those that link up to the Northeast Corridor.
They compare their private rail cars to yachts.
“It's not for the faint of heart in terms of money,” said Jim Lilly, a federal employee and president of the Washington chapter of the National Railway Historical Society, which owns a 1923 Pullman sleeper and a 1949 coach car retired by the MARC system. “But it's an incredible amount of fun.”
‘Always under pressure'
If they are an expensive hobby for train buffs, private rail cars are good business for Amtrak, which pulls an average of 35 private cars monthly.
Amtrak charges $2.10 a mile to pull a private car — each additional car on the same train is another $1.60 a mile — plus about $100 for overnight parking at most stations. A one-way trip between New York and Washington adds up to about $470 in Amtrak fees, and Washington to Chicago costs about $1,600. That doesn't include crew costs or the $500 to $1,800 that car owners typically pay each way for railroads to pull their car from a storage yard to an Amtrak facility.
Amtrak collected about $2.5 million in revenue from private rail cars in fiscal 2010, and the service operates at a profit, said Amtrak spokesman Steve Kulm. Revenue exceeded costs by about $660,000 in fiscal 2010, he said.
“We're always under pressure to operate as a business,” Kulm said, “and this is a source of revenue for us.”
Although the income from pulling private cars made up a tiny fraction of Amtrak's overall $2.5 billion in revenue, Amtrak also moves them to support America's long history of railroading, Kulm said.
‘Like a rolling home'
Riding on Jensen's car, named the Kitchi Gammi Club, feels like sitting in a well-appointed living room, albeit a narrow one that rocks gently as it moves at up to110 mph. The wood venetian blinds, maroon carpeting and table lamps seem out of place on a modern train. No pull-down plastic tray tables here.
Most striking is the feeling of privacy. Although the car is hitched to a train carrying hundreds of passengers, it feels as if no one knows that Jensen's car is tagging along. It is noticeably quiet, with none of the frequent station announcements or calls for tickets by conductors. There is a sense of casual luxury as a private chef grills Philly cheesesteak sandwiches in the tiny kitchen.
Groups that pay $2,500 to $5,000 a day to charter the Kitchi Gammi Club — the price depends on the distance they travel — are typically a mix of businesses entertaining clients and train aficionados celebrating a special event, such as a family reunion or wedding anniversary. The Kitchi Gammi Club has two bathrooms, a shower, a private bedroom and 10 beds that pull out from the wall.
The destination is secondary to the trip, passengers say.
A Roanoke software company called Meridium recently chartered the Kitchi Gammi Club as part of a six-car private train that carried 250 employees and clients on an evening excursion to Lynchburg during its annual conference.
“It's completely unlike regular rail travel,” said Jane Bailey, Meridium's marketing director, who helped organize the trip. “It feels like a rolling home.”
‘You're transported away'
Jensen, 51, of Stroudsburg, Pa., typically takes the Kitchi Gammi Club out for a private ride once a year, often to Washington with his family. They sleep on the car, usually parked on Union Station's Track 30. But he enjoys his investment most when “deadheading” the car, or riding between the storage yard in Whippany, N.J., and the start and end points of a charter trip. That's when he can grab the plush leather chair with the best view.
Jensen also owns a 1954 sleeper from the Union Pacific Railroad that he bought two years ago and is restoring. He said he paid $1,000 for the Kitchi Gammi Club in 1989. It was cheap, he said, because it was so trashed that it was headed for the scrapyard.
“That was many hundreds of thousands of dollars ago,” Jensen said with a laugh.
Ginny Jensen, his wife of 19 years, said she knew what she was getting into when she married a man who had worked as a locomotive mechanic on freight railroads since he was 16 and grew up the son of a freight railroad executive. He and Ginny spent their honeymoon riding the Orient Express between Paris and Vienna.
“On one of our first dates, he took me on this car to show me,” Ginny Jensen recalled as she rocked along on the Kitchi Gammi Club. “There was next to nothing on the car — it was completely sandblasted, no windows. . . . I thought: ‘What a wacko. This guy is either crazy, or he's an incredible visionary.' ”
Their oldest son took his first trip on the Kitchi Gammi Club at 5 weeks old, and both sons, 13 and 16, have grown up waiting tables and carrying luggage for charter trips.
“It's just so much fun,” Ginny Jensen said. “The private part of it is really key. It becomes your home. You don't have that same feeling on any other Amtrak car. It's like you're transported away. It's so relaxing, truly just a vacation when you're here.”
The Postal Service inspector general's office is doing its second review of a controversial surveillance program that allows law-enforcement agencies to intercept suspects' mail items before they are delivered to record their information.
A previous review that found the Postal Service almost never denies requests for so-called mail covers from outside law-enforcement organizations, saying the agency only rejected about 0.2 percent out of 6,000 in 2013.
Additionally, about 20 percent of the requests from outside law-enforcement agencies were not approved by authorized personnel, and 13 percent were either unjustified or incorrectly documented, according to a report on the findings.
The audit also revealed that USPS did not always process the requests in a timely manner and that law-enforcement agencies regularly failed to return the documents on time after intercepting them.
With the new analysis, auditors plan to determine whether management issues have contributed to the problems, according to an announcement this month from the inspector general's office.
The watchdog agency said it will also look at the possible impacts of reporting mail-cover statistics to the public. The Postal Service asked the inspector general not to release data on the program in the last report, saying disclosure would reveal “investigative techniques and related information which could compromise ongoing criminal investigations.”
Law-enforcement agencies use the mail covers to investigate criminal activity, including tracking financial fraud and monitoring drug trafficking. USPS authorized about 49,000 requests for the surveillance technique in 2013.
USPS Deputy Inspector General Tammy Whitcomb testified before the House Oversight an Government Reform Committee in November that “mail covers are an important law-enforcement tool, but adequate supervision is critical to ensure the protection of the public.”
USPS management said in a memo responding to the initial review that it agreed with the findings and planned to tighten up its procedures for addressing the concerns, including restricting the approval of mail-cover requests.
There are many negative connotations associated with the phrase ‘nuclear energy.' People fear it because of its potential for meltdown, its waste product, and its association with weapons. However, Micheal Shellenberger, environmental policy expert and co-founder of the Breakthrough Institute, believes that shouldn't be the case.
Shellenberger sees nuclear energy as an underutilized (and safe) energy source. There's no doubt that nuclear energy provides a lot of power. But, nuclear energy is also clean. It provides low carbon emissions — about 12 grams of CO2 per kWh, according to data from the UN's International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) — compared to most power sources, renewables included.
Lately, nuclear technology has seen a boost, with projects similar to Bill Gates' TerraPower. Engineers have also developed, and are continually working on, reactors that don't melt down. Essentially, many fears people previously held about nuclear energy are really no longer issues today. Despite this, these negative associations persist.
In a TED Talk, Shellenberger describes how this fear is hurting the environment. He also explains why there's no reason to fear this energy source, which is potentially cheaper, more viable, and more efficient than any other renewable sources around.
Farmers are working to protect crops from cold weather Hub city farmers market opens next month Share Copy Link Copy
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT THE CHANCE OF OUTAGES. MICHAEL: DURING EXTREME COLD, FARMERS ARE SPENDING A LOTF THEIR ENERGY, ON HOPE AND PRAYERS. WYFF NEWS 4'S MIKE MCCORMICK IS LIVE AND LOCAL AT SPARTANBURG'S HARVEST PARK, MIKE, HOW ARAR MIKE: THEY SEEM TO BE DOING WELL RIGHT NOW. THE HUB CITY FARMER'S MARKET IS OPENING HERE NEXT MONTH, THE EARLIEST OPENING EVER. SO TE OF COURSE, IT ALL DEPENDS ON THE CROP, AND WHAT KIND OF PROTECTION THEY HAVE. HERE WE'VE GOT RED RUSSIAN. MIKE: LOOK AT THIS. SHORT SLEEVES, IN THIS WEATHER. I'M STARTING TO SWEAT, ACTUALLY. MIKE: JIMMIE TATE IS THE MANAGER OF THE HUB CITY FARMERS MARKET'S URBAN FARM. TRYING TO BE THE FIRST WITH TOMATOES IN THE AREA. MIKE: HE SAYS THESE SEEDLINGS ARE FINE, THANKS TO THE GREENHOUSE IT WAS ABOUT 60 DEGREES THIS MORNING WHEN I GOT HERE. OF COURSE, THE INSIDE OF THE PLASTIC WAS FROZEN, WHICH I HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE. MIKE: THAT CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT HELPS CROPS WEATHER THIS WEATHER. WHEN YOU GET TEN DEGREES OR BELOW, I THINK YOU'RE PLAYING WITH FIRE. THERE'S NOTHING WE CAN DO BUT JUST HOPE FOR THE BEST. MIKE: THE SPRAWLING FIELDS AT STRAWBERRY HILL USA WON'T QUITE FIT INSIDE A GREENHOUSE. VERY FORTUNATE TO HAVE A GOOD WORKFORCE, THERE ARE ABOUT 85-90 GENTLEMEN, THAT'S AWFUL KIND TO GET OUT AND GET HER DONE WHEN IT NEEDS TO BE DONE. MIKE: JAMES COOLEY AND HIS TEAM GOT THE PLANTS COVERED, UNDER TWO, AND EVEN THREE LAYERS OF PROTECTION, THAT ALMOST LOOK LIKE SNOW. GOOD LORD WILLING, THERE'S GONNA BE GREAT SOUTH CAROLINA PEACHES, SOUTH CAROLINA STRAWBERRIES, AND ALL THE OTHER FRUITS AND VEGETABLES SOUTH CAROLINA HAS TO OFFER. MIKE: HE EXPECTS THE PEACHES TO BE FINE. APPRECIATE ALL THE CUSTOMERS AND THE PEOPLE WHO STAND BEHIND THE FARMERS. MIKE: AND IF ANYTHING. THE STRAWBERRY CROP COULD BE A LITTLE LATER THAN USUAL. YOU DO THE BEST YOU CAN. MIKE: HARD WORK DURING A HARD FREEZE. I'VE BEEN PRAYING FOR THE LOCAL FARMERS. MIKE: AN INTERESTING TIDBIT HERE, SEABEES COLLARED GREENS -- SEE THESE COLLARED GREENS?
click to enlarge An illustration of how computers work.
VIA iSTOCK
paralyzing
organization
unauthorized
organization
organizations
Organizations
Information security in this province is in a poor state and at risk of similar cyberattacks like the ransomware that's beencomputer systems around the world.“I would suspect that if a large British hospital is vulnerable, then a Nova Scotian hospital is,” says Catherine Tully, the province's information and privacy commissioner.Britain's National Health Service became the highest-profile target last week of the WannaCry ransomware attacks. Using tools stolen from the US National Security Agency , hackers encrypted data on some 200,000 computers in more than 150 countries. The files would only be released to the individual, company or governmentif a ransom was paid—hence, ransomware.“Business operations grind to a halt until the system is restored or replaced,” reads a 2016 report about the growing cyber-threat, written by the Washington, DC-based Institute of Critical Infrastructure Technology.“Moreover, unlike traditional malware actors, ransomware criminals can achieve some profit from targeting any system: mobile devices, personal computers, industrial control systems, refrigerators, portable hard drives, et cetera. The majority of these devices are not secured in the slightest against a ransomware threat.”Which is to say that protecting privacy these days requires one to be an IT expert. Admittedly, Tully is not. But in her role as commissioner, she does keep watch over the safe security of personal information gathered and stored by government agencies.Nova Scotia's Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act requires “reasonable security arrangements” against thecollection, use and disclosure of private information. It's a broad definition, that increasingly means being prepared for cyberattacks.“We're not limited to people snooping or throwing the wrong thing out in the garbage,” says Tully, about her office. “Nowadays, the biggest threats are the threats where they can grab huge amounts of data.”One of the most enticing targets is hospitals. The ICIT report states health care system are “brutally and relentlessly targeted” with ransomware attacks “intent on leveraging patient lives against the's chequebook.”It's unknown if Nova Scotia was impacted by the WannaCry attacks. Internal Services spokesperson Brian Taylor says his department doesn't comment on cyber events for security reasons.While it's possible, Tully doesn't think a Nova Scotian hospital is the easiest target. She says the healthcare field has the strongest privacy protection systems in the province.“It's the smallerwe interact with the most who I think are just now coming to understand the extent of their privacy and protection plans,” Tully warns.like municipalities, agencies, commissions, libraries and even universities are all at varying levels of risk. All of them, Tully advises, should be regularly backing up their data so if users are locked out it doesn't impact operations. The system can just be dumped and rebooted with the backup.“That's the thing with ransomware,” says Tully. “As long as they've done their backups, they don't have to pay the ransom.”Internal Services wouldn't comment on how often government departments are expected to back-up their data.“The province routinely gathers information from a variety of sources to stay current on the latest developments in the cyber environment,” writes Taylor in an email to The Coast. “On the technology side, there are ongoing, continual reviews and updates of systems, computers and networks to keep pace with new developments in the field.”
After having a bit of a chin-wag to decide who would be best to represent its interests at the upcoming Federal Election, the Australian Pirate Party has announced its candidates for four states.
Candidates from the Australian-branch of the Pirate Party will run in Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania.
Party Secretary Brendan Molloy and Party President David Campbell will stand in New South Wales, Joe Miles and Geoff Hammett will stand in Victoria, Melanie Thomas and Liam Pomfret will stand in Queensland, while Thomas Randle will stand in Tasmania, with more candidates possibly to be announced after the Pirate Party's upcoming National Congress.
The Pirate Party's leadership says that the election campaign will be run on a platform of civil liberties. Brendan Molloy said in a blog post:
Australia needs strong representatives that actually stand for principles. I intend to be that representative, pushing back on the encroaching surveillance state of data retention and Internet censorship, while offering positive and much needed reform for copyright, digital liberties and civil liberties. For too long the electorate has been treated poorly by the incumbents, assuming that the voter will only choose between the big two parties. We offer Australians a real option for political change. I look forward to the public discourse, and hope everyone will join us in creating a better future for Australia.
[Pirate Party Australia]
HOUSTON - A fifth person died Monday after a woman opened fire on her family members on Friday at three separate locations then died after turning the gun on herself, police said.
By sheer body count, it is the most violent crime in the Houston area this year.
Police believe that Dekitta Holmes shot and killed her 48-year-old sister, Carolyn Holmes, at her home in the 4800 block of Richmond Knolls in Fort Bend County. Police said they called Fort Bend County sheriff's deputies for a welfare check at the home in Fresno.
"Deputies made entry through a back door, and we had to force it open and we discovered an adult female, black female, deceased inside the residence," Fort Bend County Sheriff Troy Nehls said.
Investigators said Dekitta Holmes drove 15 miles to her home on La Salette Street and Mount Pleasant Street in southeast Houston and at some point shot an unidentified man there.
According to police, Dekitta Holmes walked to a home in the 3800 block of Mount Pleasant Street and shot her mother, 64-year-old Laverne Holmes, and her mother's boyfriend, 65-year-old Robert Lee Wesley.
Wesley was found dead at the scene.
"He's a good man. He minds his own business. He used to work at the store," said one neighbor.
Laverne Holmes was taken to the hospital in critical condition. The medical examiner's office confirmed Laverne Holmes died Monday.
The shooting spree ended when Dekitta Holmes killed herself, police said, but not before a final phone call to her niece, whose mother she is accused of killing.
"She told her that she harmed four people and that she wanted her children to stay together, please get them and make sure they stay together," Dekitta Holmes' friend, Delia Ledet, said.
Authorities are still investigating a motive in the shootings, but several people said Dekitta Holmes had been troubled and on medication.
"I've never known her to be an aggressive person. She's not a violent person. You know, so for this to happen, literally, is like jaw-dropping for us," Dekitta Holmes' friend Delia Ledet said.
Dekitta Holmes, 29, was a mother of three, with a background in criminal justice. She had no criminal history.
Download the Click2Houston news app in your app store to stay up-to-date with the latest news while you're on the go.
Sign up for KPRC 2 newsletters to get breaking news, sports, entertainment, contests and more delivered straight to your email inbox.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
“All My Files” is a brand-new feature in OS X Lion that helps a user organize all of his/her files with a number of different sorting options. While that might sound boring, the icon for the new feature is anything but. If you zoom in on the icon you can see that the virtual files, so to speak, are adorned with quotes from some of Steve Jobs most well-known speeches and soundbites.
From front to back, here's the breakdown of the quotes, with the visible portions in bold.
“In most people's vocabularies, design means veneer. it's interior decorating. It's the fabric of the curtains of the sofa. But to me, nothing could be further from the meaning of design. Design is the fundamental soul of a human-made creation that ends up expressing itself in successive outer layers of the product or service.”
“A lot of companies have chosen to downsize, and maybe that was the right thing for them. We chose a different path. Our belief was that if we kept putting great products in front of customers, they would continue to open their wallet.”
“You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.”
“Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can't do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.”
“How else can you stare at an empty canvas and see a work of art? Or sit in silence and hear a song that's never been written? Or gaze at a red planet and see a laboratory on wheels?
“Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.”
“Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.”
When it comes to food, it turns out you can sue over just about anything these days.
A California woman is suing the makers of Jelly Belly jelly beans, claiming she was tricked into believing one of the company's candy products was free of sugar.
The plaintiff, Jessica Gomez of San Bernadino County, first brought the case against the candy company earlier this year, blaming "fancy phrasing" for her confusion over the ingredients, according to Legal News Line.
Gomez purchased Jelly Belly's Sport Beans, a product marketed as an exercise supplement containing carbohydrates, electrolytes and vitamins, which lists "evaporated cane juice" on the label instead of citing sugar as an ingredient.
NESTLÉ FAILS TO TRADEMARK KITKAT'S SIGNATURE SHAPE AFTER 7-YEAR BATTLE
In the class action suit, Gomez claims the wording on the label is in violation of state's Consumer Legal Remedies Act, Unfair Business Practices Law and False Advertising Law and is designed to intentionally deceive the health-conscious consumers being targeted by Sport Beans, Forbes reports.
Jelly Belly called the case "nonsense," as stated in an April motion to dismiss the lawsuit, arguing, “No reasonable consumer could have been deceived by Sport Beans' labeling – Gomez could not have seen ‘evaporated cane juice' without also seeing the product's sugar content on its Nutrition Facts panel."
But Gomez seems to have the Food and Drug administration on her side.
In May 2016, the FDA announced that the term "juice" should not be used unless referring to that of a fruit or vegetable, and that calling sugar "evaporated cane juice" is infact misleading to consumers.
The guidelines, though not law, state that "The FDA encourages firms that market sugar cane-derived sweeteners or products that contain a sugar cane-derived sweetener to review the final guidance and consider whether their labeling terminology accurately describes the basic nature and characterizing properties of the sweetener used."
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
But Jelly Belly, which is headquartered in Fairfield, Calif., is still arguing that the case should be thrown out for a number of reasons, primarily because "Plaintiff does not explain why an athlete—or anyone—would be surprised to find sugar in a product described as 'Jelly Beans'."
LA39 Bruiser Liberty Arsenal's flagship pump shotgun, the LA39 Bruiser is designed to inflict massive damage on infantry targets.
Costs Cert Cost: 1000 DC Cost: 699 General Info Empire: Can Use: Weapon Type: Shotguns Fire Rate: 71 RPM Muzzle Velocity: 300m/s Effective Range: Short Fire Modes: Pump-Action Headshot Multiplier: 1.5x ADS Move Speed Multiplier: 0.75x Damage [?] Max Damage: 125x11 before 8m Min Damage: 50x11 after 18m Ammunition Magazine Size: 4 Ammunition Pool: 28 Pellet Count: 11 Accuracy [?] Hip Aim Crouch Still: 1 0.1 Move: 1.5 0.35 Stand Still: 1.5 0.1 Move: 2 0.9 Bloom per Shot: 0 0 Pellets Spread: 3.5 Recoil [?] Vertical: 1 Horizontal, Min/Max: 0.2/0.2 Horizontal Tolerance: 0.4 Angle Min/Max: 0°/0° Bias: ← = → Recoil Decrease: 8 First Shot Recoil Multiplier: 1x Data Sources Census API source: ?
The LA39 Bruiser is the heavy pump-action shotgun for the New Conglomerate. It deals more damage than the GD-66 Claw (the regular pump-action for the New Conglomerate), but has a wider spread and lower fire rate. Both of these can kill in one shot (if most of the pellets hit the target).
Damage with Range: ( For 1 pellet ) [ All pellets combined ]
125 @ 5 meters [ 1375 damage ]
91 @ 11 meters [ 1001 damage ] 1-Shot Infantry
67 @ 15 meters [ 737 damage ] 2-Shot Shielded Heavies
50 @ 18 meters [ 550 damage ]
Contents show]
Attachments Edit
Ribbons and Medals Edit
It is possible to get both Ribbons and Medals for using the LA39 Bruiser. Each Ribbon is a standard reward for achieving a set amount of kills with the Bruiser. Medals relate to how many overall kills you have with the Bruiser.
Ribbons Edit
Ribbon Icon Requirements LA39 Bruiser Service Ribbon 10 kills.
See more available ribbons on the Service Ribbons page.
Medals Edit
Medal Icon Requirements Certification Rewards No Medal 0 kill No Reward Copper Medal 10 kills 2 Silver Medal 60 kills 10 Gold Medal 160 kills 20 Auraxium Medal 1160 kills 200
History Edit
Share
Facebook has come under intense scrutiny by European lawmakers for failing to keep customers adequately informed about the many ways in which the social media giant reportedly uses individuals' data. Now, officials in France and the Netherlands are citing the company for breaching their respective information protection laws, according to a report from The New York Times.
France's data privacy body, the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés, issued Facebook a fine of 150,000 euros, or about $167,000, for collecting “a massive compilation of personal data of internet users in order to display targeted advertising.” The ruling also mentioned the company's practice of monitoring non-users on third-party websites.
The decision from the Dutch Data Protection Authority (DPA) echoed that sentiment, but went into greater detail.
“The Facebook Group uses sensitive personal data from users without their explicit consent,” a statement on the DPA's website reads. “For example, data relating to sexual preferences were used to show targeted advertisements.”
According to the DPA, Facebook has ended the particular practice of using individuals' sexual identity for marketing purposes, but if “other violations,” which were left unnamed in the announcement are not similarly dealt with, the government has threatened to issue a fine.
French officials, by contrast, have not instructed Facebook as to how it should change its practices.
Facebook maintains it has consistently adhered to European Union privacy laws, which are quite different from American regulations and, in some cases, much more stringent — especially with regard to the internet.
For example, under European law, any company that collects data on you online for any purpose must hand over a copy of their records to you at your request. Many larger social media firms, like Facebook and Twitter, offer to share their information with users if asked, but U.S. law does not require them to do so.
There's also the much-publicized “right to be forgotten” decision, which means that European citizens can ask search engines like Google and Bing to remove links to incriminating articles about them, to avoid being perpetually punished for an action or incident in the past that has been deemed no longer relevant. U.S. law provides no such protections.
Facebook is also reportedly being monitored in other countries, particularly in Germany, for facilitating the spread of fake news and hate speech. Two weeks ago, the company took out a series of ads in a U.K. newspaper warning readers of the spread of misinformation in the run up to the country's June 8 general election.
The same guts, determination and focus that propelled President-elect Donald Trump to victory will come in mighty handy when he assumes office. The nation, in fact, perceives Mr. Trump as a man with some gumption. Though they may fault him on other points, 71 percent of Americans say he is “a strong person,” according to a new Quinnipiac University poll; 94 percent of Republicans, 73 percent of independents and even a grudging 51 percent of Democrats agree. No one disagrees. That opinion is also shared by majorities in a dozen other demographics, including three-quarters of American men, two-thirds of college graduates, 63 percent of women and 59 percent of non-white respondents.
Mr. Trump could confound those analysts poised to proclaim he doesn't have the classic “experience” to deal with national and world affairs. They are overlooking an emerging factor. The skill set is changing thanks to incessant and unpredictable press coverage, social media and cultural factors — leaders must use diplomacy and muscle, tactics and street smarts, determination and flexibility. Style and chutzpah play a role as does gamesmanship and instinct.
Ahead of his time, Ronald Reagan had such qualities back in the day, when he faced down the Soviet Union and brought optimism back into fashion. Mr. Trump — who is very at home on the global stage, as is his wife, Melania — appears to have them as well.
The phenomenon is on some select radar already. Talk radio host Michael Savage has a new book arriving in March, titled “Trump's War: The Fight to Make America First Again.” And “Trump's war,” Mr. Savage says, began Wednesday, as the incoming president squared off with the press over “false news.”
BIDEN'S PLANS
Looks like Vice President Joe Biden has his eye on an iconic automobile once he leaves office.
“He's trying to figure out what to buy when he's out of office. He was going to get a Stingray. He's imprinted on Stingray,” Chevrolet's Corvette chief engineer Tadge Juechter told Road & Track after overseeing Mr. Biden's close encounter with a splendid “admiral blue” Grand Sport during a visit to the Detroit Auto Show earlier this week.
“He wants to try the Z06. He's a little worried that it might be over the top for him, but he's definitely interested in trying,” the engineer observed.
TRUMP CULTURAL MOMENT
Donald Trump Eisenhower Dollar Coin, Trump Dollar Coin, President Trump Inauguration Commemorative Coin, Donald Trump Silver 2016 Presidential Liberty Replica Coin, Donald Trump 45th President Colorized Currency and Coin Collection, Donald Trump 45th President 4 Coin Set, Donald J. Trump 45th President of the United States Official JFK Kennedy Half Dollar U.S. Coin, Donald Trump — Make America Great Again Commemorative Coin, Trump Half Dollar and five-card life and times trading card set.
— Among the many commemorative coins available as the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump looms; suppliers include the Franklin Mint and Congressional Mint.
CONSERVATIVES, LIBERALS RATE ‘GLOBAL THREATS'
When Donald Trump arrives at the White House next week to get down to business, Americans know what's waiting for him. A big majority say he “will inherit an array of global threats,” says a new Pew Research Center survey. It bears the somewhat dire title “The World Facing Trump.” So which threat is the worst? Pew Research analysts find that Americans have wildly different interpretations as to what constitutes a threat as the nation and incoming administration move forward. The views are “ideologically polarized,” the pollster says.
For example, 88 percent of liberal Democrats say climate change is a “major threat” to the U.S.; 18 percent of conservative Republicans agree. Another 70 percent of the liberal Dems fear “Russia's power and influence.” Thirty-nine percent of conservative GOPers agree. The liberal Democrats are not much alarmed that large numbers of refugees are leaving Iraq and Syria; only 19 percent deem it a major threat. And conservative Republicans? A full 70 percent say the phenomenon is a major concern.
The only spot where the two groups have vague agreement is over cyberattacks on the U.S. from other countries: 78 percent of the Dems and 66 percent of the GOPers agree. See how the rest of Americans feel in the Poll du Jour at column's end.
BERNIE HAS A SAY
A certain Vermont independent remains very vocal. Former presidential hopeful Sen. Bernie Sanders will deliver a major public speech on Sunday, ready to push back against Republicans in Congress who pine to repeal Obamacare and defund Planned Parenthood. “Continue the revolution” advise the organizers from Our Revolution, a progressive activist group that grew out of Mr. Sanders' campaign.
Curious? See the speech streamed live at 1 p.m. ET here. A million viewers, incidentally, watched a similar public address by Mr. Sanders in mid-December supporting Rep. Keith Ellison for Democratic National Committee chairman.
WEEKEND REAL ESTATE
For sale: The Factor Home, “custom built fortress” in Palm Springs, California. Three bedrooms, five baths; 5,471-square-feet includes formal dining and living areas, in-law suite, card and media rooms; described as “jaw-dropping” desert lifestyle. Ten-foot doors, black granite fireplace, 14-foot exterior walls, courtyard, mature palms, pool, spa. Located on 13th fairway of Canyon Country Club golf course. Price includes all furnishings and art. Priced at $2.5 million through TheMLS.com; find the home here.
POLL DU JOUR
• 79 percent of Americans say ISIS is a “major threat,” 17 percent say ISIS is a “minor threat”
• 71 percent say cyberattacks from other countries on the U.S. are a major threat, 24 percent say they are a minor threat.
• 54 percent say “Russia's power and influence” is a major threat, 36 percent say it is a minor threat.
• 52 percent say “China's power and influence” is a major threat, 36 percent say it is a minor threat.
• 52 percent say global climate change is a major threat, 32 percent say it is a minor threat.
• 46 percent say large numbers of refugees leaving Iraq and Syria are a major threat, 35 percent say they are a minor threat.
Source: A Pew Research Center poll of 1,502 U.S. adults conducted Jan. 4-9.
• Helpful hints and peevish complaints to [email protected]
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
.- Meeting with members of the Jewish community in Rome, Pope Francis reflected on the tragedies of the past and called for the cultivation of brotherly love and friendship between the Catholic and Jewish people.
“We will remember in a few days the 70th anniversary of the deportation of the Jews of Rome,” said the Holy Father, according to Vatican Radio. “We will remember and pray for the many innocent victims of human barbarity, for their families.”
“It will also be an opportunity to keep vigilant so that, under any pretext, any forms of intolerance and anti-Semitism in Rome and the rest of the world not come back to life.”
Pope Francis emphasized that Christianity and anti-Semitism are incompatible.
“It's a contradiction that a Christian is anti-Semitic: His roots are Jewish,” the Pontiff proclaimed. “A Christian cannot be anti-Semitic! Let Anti-Semitism be banished from the heart and life of every man and every woman!”
Among those in attendance at the Oct. 11 meeting with the Holy Father were the Chief Rabbi of Rome, the President of the Jewish Community of Rome and the President of the Union of Italian Jewish Communities.
Pope Francis reflected on the Oct. 16 1943 deportation of more than 1,000 Jews from Rome under Nazi occupation. Sent to Auschwitz, only 16 ever returned, according to Vatican Radio.
Recalling the grave situation faced by the Jewish community during that time, the Pope also noted how local Christians reached out to those in need.
“We know how many religious institutions, monasteries and Papal Basilicas, interpreting the will of the Pope, opened their doors in a brotherly welcome, and how many ordinary Christians offered what help they could give, however big or small,” the Pope said.
“The vast majority were not aware of the need to update the Christian understanding of Judaism, and perhaps knew very little about the life of the Jewish community,” he remarked. “But they had the courage to do what at that time was the right thing: to protect their brother, who was in danger.”
He highlighted this need for “a dialogue of life, that of everyday experience.” In addition to theological and intellectual dialogue, he said, there must be “a real and concrete culture of encounter, which leads to authentic relationships, which exist without prejudice and suspicion.”
Recalling his own friendship with a Jewish community in his home country of Argentina, Pope Francis observed that the two faiths share much in common, including the Ten Commandments as a solid basis for morality in a society “disoriented by an extreme diversity of choices and positions, and marked by a relativism which does not have many firm or safe points of reference.”
He voiced his hope that a greater culture of encounter may be fostered between the two faith groups, who have been together in the city for centuries.
The relationship between the Jewish and Catholic communities in Rome has had its share of “misunderstandings and even true grievances,” the Pope acknowledged.
“However, it is a story that with the help of God, has for many decades experienced the development of friendly and fraternal relations.”
He encouraged the Catholic and Jewish people to continue down a “path of friendship, closeness and fraternity.”
Is the tide in the European Union starting to turn against the controversial Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement? First Germany said that they were going to back off ratifying ACTA, following the position taken by Poland earlier. Now Bulgaria is doing the same thing, and won't be taking any steps toward ratifying the treaty any time soon.
Like Germany, Bulgaria is waiting for a clearer stance from the EU, but Economy and Energy Minister Traicho Traikov also had some interesting things to say on the very premise of what some have argued is an overly harsh application of copyright laws.
“I'm a pessimist when it comes to regulating an industry, which hasn't adapted to the digital age, through sanctions rather than market means,” he told reporters in Sofia today, according to Bloomberg. “Authors' copyrights should not be placed above human rights.”
The move seems to be a response to massive protests against ACTA on Feb. 11, in Bulgaria and other European cities. Previously, many had complained that ACTA was being ratified behind closed doors and without public involvement, but it seems like no country is going to be able to deal with the legislation out of the public eye any more.
“We see a radical change in the attitude to this agreement in the EU,” Traikov said. “There's lack of unanimity. Bulgaria won't take any action in regard to implementing ACTA, including ratification, until there is a unified position of all EU states.”
Read more at Bloomberg.
follow me on Twitter
Turkish professor resigns over joke about Erdoğan's 16 warriors
ISTANBUL
A dean at Pamukkale University in western Turkey has resigned after his social media posting that mocked President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's “16 warriors,” symbolic figures standing for 16 states founded by Turks in history, attracted online reaction.“Which Turkish principality is this one wearing a bathrobe?” asked Professor Hasan Herken, the medical faculty dean of Pamukkale, in a tweet. He later deleted the tweet.However, Herken apparently failed to delete the post soon enough, announcing over the weekend that he had resigned. The interpretations of his post went beyond his intentions, the dean said in a written statement, adding that he did not insult “the history or moral values of the nation, or the president who represents the Turkish state.”The medical faculty at the university has achieved many successes and innovations, but it was sad for the dean to be remembered for a social media posting, the statement said.“Feeling responsible for and wanting to avoid a situation where the university will become a target to serve other purposes, I leave my post as a dean,” he said. “I will continue with my studies as an academic at the psychiatry department.”Herken elaborated on his resignation during a phone interview on private broadcaster CNNTürk on the evening of Jan. 16, saying his decision was related to death threats. “They were threatening to tear me apart. There were threats against my family, too,” he said, referring to online reactions.The 16 warriors first appeared on the stairs of Turkey's newly-built presidential palace ın Ankara, as Erdoğan and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas posed for a photo on Jan. 1, capturing national and international attention.
The first Idiot box exhibit was hosted by Gallery 1988 way back in 2009. While they had already achieved quite a respectable level of success, by that point, it was that television-themed art show that officially put them on our radar, making us instant fans of Southern California's premier pop-culture-centric art venue. G1988 have proven that they are never short on ideas and artists to consistently fill the schedule for their tandem of acclaimed Los Angeles galleries, but it was still surprising to realize that it took until just last year for them to finally revisit the Idiot Box concept, specifically. Fortunately, for those who are fans that missed the group show it in its absence, along with those who have missed it altogether, you're not going to have to wait another 6 years before the next installment. Idiot Box 3 opens this Friday, May 13th at the G1988 West location on Melrose, bringing together another impressive selection of artists working in various disciplines — many of whom's work we've become acquainted with through the gallery, over the years — to contribute nearly 200 different works paying tribute to the programs that have affected (and disaffected) so many of us during our lifetimes.
As always, it's a completely different experience when you're able to catch the art up close, so if you're in the area, we definitely recommend trying to get yourself down there.
Check out a selection of preview images for the exhibit below the following event details…
WHAT:
“IDIOT BOX 3”
artwork inspired by television
WHEN:
Opening:
Friday, May 13th, 2016
7pm-10pm
WHERE:
Gallery 1988 (West)
7308 Melrose Ave.
Los Angeles, Ca 90046
ADDITIONAL INFO:
Opening is ALL AGES w/NO COVER
Exhibit will be on view until May 28th.
The gallery is open from 11 – 6pm from Wednesday – Sunday.
Banana Stand angle
Mulaney print Kroll print
“Slithe” angle
Isis may make the headlines, but the fate of northern Iraq may rest on a brewing clash for a city that neither side will accept losing
In Tuz Khurmatu, on the edge of what Iraq's Kurds call their new south-eastern border, at least a dozen flags fly. Most are the colours of Shia militias that have set up compounds in the town. There are also Islamic banners paying homage to the faith's imams; green, red and yellow splashes on a dull winter sky. In the middle, above a fortified base, stands a battered Kurdish banner.
Behind blast walls that date to the US military presence almost five years ago, Kurdish military and security chiefs monitor the situation in the town. They believe they control it, and insist it was rightfully reclaimed from Baghdad in the chaos that followed Islamic State's rampage through northern Iraq in June 2014.
To the Shia militias surrounding them, however, the matter is far from settled. Tuz Khurmatu, and the road north to Kirkuk, are still very much for the taking.
Last November, an attritional campaign to control the area led to 10 days of clashes, the most serious flare-up with the Kurds anywhere in Iraq in the 12 years since the fall of Baghdad. Tensions have remained high ever since along the 55-mile road to Kirkuk, a city that has been a holy grail for both sides throughout Iraq's history. The battle for northern Iraq may centre on Isis for now, but the region's fate could also rest on a brewing clash for a city that neither side will accept losing.
“If this is to be our final battle, then so be it,” said the Kurdish security chief, Lt Col Faruk Ahmed, inside the Tuz Khurmatu base. “We will fight to the end for Kirkuk. It is ours, and always will be.”
Areas of Syria and Iraq under Kurdish control Areas of Syria and Iraq under Kurdish control
Over the past 18 months, Iraq's Kurds have consolidated their grip on Kirkuk, and tried to secure new footholds in areas to the south, the control of which has long been disputed by both sides. Their unexpected chance to claim the city, coveted throughout Kurdish history, followed the collapse of the Iraqi army in the north. This created a vacuum in which the peshmerga, the Kurdish fighting force, beat Isis in a race to take control.
The Kurds have since commandeered the city's main oilfield and send crude north through a pipeline to Turkey. The revenues have helped sustain the most emphatic push yet by Kurdish leaders to break a post-2003 tether to Baghdad, which is now under more strain than ever. Military bases and checkpoints are under the control of Erbil, the seat of Iraqi Kurdish power, along with local municipalities and governance.
Kurdish peshmerga seize a chaotic victory in Kirkuk Read more
The Shia militias now stalking them are sure that will change. “We will never accept the Kurds taking Kirkuk or Tuz Khurmatu,” said Mu'en al-Khadimi, a spokesman for one of the militias, the Badr Brigades, which fight under the banner of the Popular Mobilisation Units. Hashd al-Shabi, as the units are known locally, are irregular, predominantly Shia fighters who have more influence than the Iraqi military in many parts of the country.
“This is a direct breach of the constitution and we want to solve the problem through a political dialogue, not through military means like the Kurds,” he said. “They are taking advantage of the spread of Isis in the north. They have been taking Iraq's oil and selling it through the Turkish border without consulting the central government.
“In Tuz Khurmatu, we are controlling the situation. We have the hospital under our control and we pushed the Kurds back, but they still control some checkpoints.”
Inside the Kurdish base, tensions are palpable. “There is no point denying what is happening,” said Ahmed. “They are on the streets near us talking about security understandings, and within 10 minutes they could be up on their roofs shooting at us.
“What they did on 20 November was unforgivable … For the next 10 days we were besieged in this base. I have bullet holes in my door. They went to the hospital and they slaughtered our lead doctor, just like Isis does. Is there really any difference?
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kurdish peshmerga forces take up positions in northern Iraq. Photograph: AP
“We are not under any illusion about what is happening. Things are peaceful now, but we know they won't be forever. For this to be sorted out it is way higher than any of us here. This is regional, and that's if it's solvable at all.”
In Erbil, the president of the Iraqi Kurdish region, Masoud Barzani, told the Guardian: “We don't want clashes with anyone, but we will fight to the last person and we will not let anyone else control Kirkuk. We hope no one will think otherwise.
“I do hope that will not be their thinking,” he said of the militia's interest in reasserting Baghdad's control. “Because it will have catastrophic consequences.
“We are saying that that is part of Kurdistan. All of the areas under article 140 of the constitution. It's illogical for our partners to stand against this. We will leave the fate of Kirkuk to be decided by the people of Kirkuk in a referendum. If they decided not to be part of Kurdistan, we would definitely accept that, but no one can impose their will by force.”
The militias have also made their presence felt on the road north to Kirkuk, where Shia Turkmen villages dot the landscape, near a small number of Sunni villages. The militias say they are there to protect the Shia Turkmen. They have dug trenches and built huge embankments around their villages.
Iraqi Kurdish forces take Kirkuk as Isis sets its sights on Baghdad Read more
They have also established outposts on Kirkuk's southern edges, where the same flags pitched in Tuz Khurmatu fly defiantly near the beginning of the city's overpasses. Just out of sight, giant flames belch from the earth, burning excess gasses from the fields beneath.
The North Oil Company stands near the centre of town, and as war booty goes it has been quite a prize. Oil from the Kirkuk fields has added close to 300,000 barrels a day in income to Kurdish revenue streams. Even with oil prices at around 12-year lows, Kurdish officials see the black gold as nation-building.
Not so the men who still run the fields. Inside are Arab technicians who receive their incomes from Baghdad and are hostile to the Kurdish presence. Without them the fields would not function . It is a paradox for Iraqi leaders, however, that if they did leave, the Kurds would install their own technicians, giving Erbil even greater control.
“They won't meet anyone,” said a Kurdish official who tried to secure access to the company for the Guardian . “They said: ‘We do not take orders from you. If anyone wants to meet us, they should speak to Baghdad and get permission from there. We are being paid by the Iraqi central government and we are their employees.”
“It's strange, but it's the way it is,” said a senior Kurdish official in Erbil. “Ask the people who they want in charge, us or Baghdad. We're happy for them to decide. And in the meantime, we will continue to secure Kirkuk.”
A magical night of wizard rock!
Grab your wand and apparate to the library for a magical night of wizard rock with Harry and the Potters! Come early to catch the dance-pop duo, Koo Koo Kanga Roo at 5 p.m. All ages welcome. Registration required.
Orlando Public Library, Tuesday, July 26, 5:50 p.m.
About Harry and the Potters
This band plays songs about books.
Harry and the Potters are the first wizard rock band. Since 2002, they have played nearly 800 shows in libraries, rock clubs, art spaces, bookstores, basements, and pizza places all over the world.
Interview with Joe DeGeorge, known on stage as Harry Potter, Year 4—one half of the wizard rock band, Harry and the Potters!
Interview By: Erin Topolsky, Youth Programs Coordinator
What would happen if Harry Potter quit the Quidditch team, stole a time turner, and started a punk rock band with himself from an earlier point in the space-time continuum? The answer is Harry and the Potters.
Erin: Harry and the Potters… how did it all begin?
Joe: I wore glasses in high school and people would often call me “Harry Potter.” The boys would come down the hall and say, “Hey, Harry Potter! Nice Glasses!” I would play shows with my high school band and people in the audience would yell, “You look like that teen wizard! Harry Potter! Yeah! You look like Harry Potter.” After enough people call you Harry Potter you start to become Harry Potter. My older brother noticed all these people calling me Harry Potter. He suggested that we both be Harry Potter and play in a band together. After we made a web page spell for the band, people started sending us e-mail spells asking us to come play around the world. We hopped on our brooms and have been touring around since then!
E: Do you both have a favorite Harry and the Potters song to play?
J: I like playing a song called “The Economics of the Wizarding World Do Not Make Any Sense.” It addresses a peculiar mystery of the books. If Harry's wand only costs seven galleons and common wand core ingredients are priced at 10 galleons, that just does not add up to any sort of profit for Ollivander. I like to think that this song asks of us which world we want to live in: one where others profit off of our rights to practice magic and economically control who is allowed access to wands, or one that allows access to tools and information equitably to all and encourages the participation of every inpidual in society.
E. What Hogwarts House would Paul and Joe be in?
J. Definitely Gryffindor. Both. We've spent so much energy casting spells to become Harry Potter. I can't see how it could be anything else.
E. What's next for Harry and the Potters?
J. As this is published we are going to Sweden to look for the crumpled-horned-snorkack, as well as play a few shows, but we are excited to return to Orlando to rock the library this July! We are looking forward to it with great joy and anticipation!
Happy March! Every month that gets me closer to summer is a happy month in my books. To celebrate, how about some diy gift packaging where we can decorate with feathers? These lovely feathers are from Angie Makes and are free of charge (be sure to read her terms and conditions) for personal use. I did a simple print and cut with my Silhouette CAMEO. For those who do not have a cutting machine yet, you can easily print the feathers out and use scissors or a craft knife (and cutting mat). Shall we?
The What
The How
Download and merge your feathers in Silhouette Studio To create cut lines around each feather, use the trace and crop tools Arrange your feathers on your pages, then send to print and cut To add a little flair to your feathers, roll your feathers with a pencil or pen.
Tip: If you want to add more Umf to your colors, use the Shader Effects tool
Punch a hole in each feather and use your hemp cord to attach to your packages. Which feather is your favorite?
Looking for some more inspiration? Take a look at my other Silhouette projects.
Medical provider performs ultrasound scan (Shutterstock)
Doctors must send ultrasound images of women seeking abortions to state officials under a newly enacted law in North Carolina.
Anti-abortion activists say the law is intended to verify that doctors and health clinics are complying with state law, which prohibits abortions after 20 weeks with some exceptions for medical emergencies, reported the New York Times.
The law requires health care providers who perform abortions after the 16-week mark to send ultrasound images to North Carolina's Department of Health and Human Services so officials can verify the “probable gestational age” of the fetus.
But critics say the law, which went into effect Jan. 1, serves no medical purpose and is instead intended “to shame women and intimidate the doctors that care for them.”
The law's stated purpose is to gather ultrasound data for “statistical purposes only,” and proponents insist patients' and doctors' names will be kept confidential.
But pro-choice critics, such as Gerrick Brenner of the liberal group Progress NC Action, described the law as a “creepy scheme” that reminds them of “something out of George Orwell's ‘1984.'”
Anti-abortion activist Tami Fitzgerald helped push the measure, which she said was necessary to prevent doctors from lying about gestational age to skirt existing abortion limits.
She has not offered any examples of physicians engaging in those actions the law is intended to prevent.
The law also extends the waiting period for abortions to 72 hours — the nation's longest.
First lady Michelle Obama, flanked by enlargements of a proposed nutrition label, left, and a proposed alternate label, speaks at the White House in Washington on Thursday, Feb. 27, 2014. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
(CNSNews.com) - Apparently it's not the price of the groceries, but the nutrition labels on food packages that make grocery shopping such a difficult and trying experience for the moms of America.
In pitching new, improved nutrition labels at the White House on Thursday, first lady Michelle Obama tried to identify with women who do the grocery shopping for their families. Her message was aimed at mothers who want to buy healthy food and depend on labels to help them do that:
"So there you stood, alone in some aisle in a store, the clock ticking away at the precious little time remaining to complete your weekly grocery shopping, and all you could do was scratch your head, confused and bewildered, and wonder, is there too much sugar in this product? Is 50 percent of the daily allowance of riboflavin a good thing or a bad thing? And how on Earth could this teeny little package contain five whole servings?
"This stream of questions and worries running through your head when all you really wanted to know was, should I be eating this or not? Is this good for my kids or not? And if it is healthy, how much of it should I be eating? But unless you had a thesaurus, a calculator, a microscope, or a degree in nutrition, you were out of luck. So you felt defeated, and you just gave up and went back to buying the same stuff you always buy.
"And that's a familiar scenario for far too many families and parents trying to do the right thing for their kids -- and it's simply not acceptable.
"As consumers and as parents, we have a right to understand what's in the food we're feeding our families. Because that's really the only way that we can make informed choices -- by having clear, accurate information. And ultimately, that's what today's announcement is all about."
Among other things, the revised nutrition label shows the calorie count in large, bold print; it includes the amount of "added sugar," and it reflects more realistic serving sizes.
"Now, I know there will be many opinions on what this label should look like, but I think that we all can agree that families deserve more and better information about the food they eat," Mrs. obama said. "So this is a huge deal, which is why everybody is here. (Laughter.) And it's going to make a big difference for families across this country."
As the 538 Electoral College delegates prepare to cast their votes on Monday, anti-Trump protestors are pulling out all the stops — including labeling a Jewish Republican voter from Arizona an “anti-Semite” in a torrent of bulk emails.
Bruce Ash, Arizona's GOP national committeeman and one of the state's 11 electoral college voters, told the Arizona Republic that since the November 8 national elections, he has received hundreds of emails a day urging him to “go rogue” and vote against president-elect Donald Trump.
The “clone emails” are an attempt to suppress Trump votes and filled with hate speech, said Ash, who said that while he deletes one, another 10-15 arrive.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“They demonize me, they call me a homophobic, an isolationist, a bigot, a misogynist and an anti-Semite, which is interesting because I'm Jewish,” Ash said.
“They are hateful. And for a couple of days I answered them by thanking them and then explaining to them that I felt I had an obligation to the majority of the voters in Arizona who voted for him… and honoring their vote,” said Ash.
For Ash, an uprising is unthinkable. Even ahead of the Republican convention this summer Ash told The Washington Times that Trump was not his first, second or even third choice for the nomination. However, he submitted a proposal to the national party that would “close and lock the back door to a hijacking of the nomination” by the #NeverTrump and “vote your conscience” Republican factions.
Trump took 49.7 percent of the Arizona popular vote, over Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's 45.4%. The Republican result was unsurprisingly: Since Harry Truman's win in 1948, Arizona has only once voted Democrat in a presidential election — for Bill Clinton in 1996.
Unlike in some states, Arizona electors are not legally bound to vote for Trump, however the 11 Republican delegates pledged to support in affidavits submitted to the secretary of state, according to the Arizona Republic.
The state-by-state electoral college rules are confusing — even to electoral college voters themselves.
One of New Jersey's 14 electoral college delegates, Hetty Rosenstein, told the New Jersey Jewish News that on November 9, she awoke feeling “horrible” that she would be forced to vote for Trump. A Democrat, Rosenstein was unaware that even though Trump won the national vote, because New Jersey had a Clinton majority, Rosenstein would cast her vote for Clinton.
“I would go to jail before I vote for Donald Trump. I realize it's an interesting thing to say since I don't have to, but I would… The Jewish people have a real responsibility to not be racist and to take action against racism,” Rosenstein told NJJN, referring to the allegations of “dog-whistle racism” which clouded Trump's campaign.
Chances of an electoral college uprising are slim according to “How Trump could still ‘unpresident' himself,” a thorough, up-to-date December 17 Quartz article. “As unlikely as this whole scenario already is, it's positively laughable that 38 Republican electors would vote for Hillary Clinton to win the presidency.”
The first episode of British sci-fi anthology TV show Black Mirror, by Charlie Brooker for Channel 4, is infamously gross. Spoilers below.
Titled The National Anthem, the plot begins with the kidnap of a much loved British princess, as a blackmail threat is delivered to the British government. It states that if the Princess is not to be killed, the Prime Minister, (based on current PM David Cameron) must have sex with a pig, transmitted live on television. The characters go through tortuous attempts to avoid this eventuality, but in the end, the Prime Minister is forced by public pressure to undergo the act. The episode then explores the after effects of the event, revealed as an art project gone to extremes.
Tomorrow's Daily Mail newspaper is hitting the streets of London right now. It leads with serialised extracts of a new book Call Me Dave, written by ex-treasurer of the Conservative Party, and major party donor and politician, Lord Ashcroft. The extracts make a number of allegations against Prime Minister David Cameron, including drug use.
But it is clear that one allegation will titillate the public more than any other.
The question to be asked – did Charlie Brooker, whose early career as a comic book artist for Oink, before his satirical on-line work saw him courted by big media, know about this story? And found a way to fictionalise it in Black Mirror?
Or did he just get really, really lucky?
Black Mirror gained worldwide attention after being made available on Netflix, and a US series is planned. The complete series so far can be purchased here.
Thanks to BBC Radio 4's Nick Sutton for the scans.
UPDATE: Charlie Brooker has commented and replied to comedian Emma Kennedy…
Shit. Turns out Black Mirror is a documentary series. — Charlie Brooker (@charltonbrooker) September 20, 2015
Just to clear it up: nope, I'd never heard anything about Cameron and a pig when coming up with that story. So this weirds me out. — Charlie Brooker (@charltonbrooker) September 20, 2015
@EmmaKennedy This notion I find weirder than almost anything. — Charlie Brooker (@charltonbrooker) September 20, 2015
I hope White Bear doesn't come true next. — Charlie Brooker (@charltonbrooker) September 20, 2015
Promo poster for Black Mirror: The National Anthem (2011) pic.twitter.com/BUjplHrSkd — Charlie Brooker (@charltonbrooker) September 20, 2015
Just been nosing through old Black Mirror files now, of course. pic.twitter.com/6Xhuhby0Gj — Charlie Brooker (@charltonbrooker) September 20, 2015
And… yes. #snoutrage. Or #hameron. Or #piggate.
Though there is another news story doing the rounds again…
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
Asylum seeker coverage should make Australian media feel humiliated, Nauru Minister says
Updated
Nauru's Justice Minister has launched a strident attack on Australian and New Zealand media outlets, including the ABC, over coverage of asylum seekers housed on the island, saying recent elections should make them feel "humiliated".
Key points: Statement singles out ABC, Fairfax, The Guardian, Radio New Zealand
Says reporting of offshore detention "attempted to influence domestic politics" election that returned its President
Alleges media's campaign "failed dismally"
In a statement, David Adeang singled out organisations including the ABC, Fairfax, The Guardian and Radio New Zealand for criticism.
The comments come after national elections returned Nauru's President Baron Waqa's Government.
Mr Adeang said reporting of offshore detention processing by Australian and New Zealand journalists "unethically attempted to influence our domestic politics by spreading lies, promoting Opposition MPs and refusing to report the huge progress Nauru has made over the past three years under the Waqa Government".
"These activist-journalists kept saying we were stifling democracy, yet Nauru has always championed democracy, and this election was held under the scrutiny of international observers," he said.
"They lied about us ignoring the rule of law, but have refused to report the fact that our courts — thanks to our reforms — are now among the most independent and respected in the Pacific."
The detention centre has been the focus of intense scrutiny over conditions for asylum seekers, with some psychologists describing the conditions as "demoralising".
Earlier this year, two refugees set themselves alight on the island.
"We understand that we receive more scrutiny because the agenda of these organisations is really against the Australian Government's offshore processing policy, but we are sick of the lies and the lack of respect of our sovereignty," Mr Adeang said.
The Justice Minister alleged Opposition MPs, supported by the ABC and other outlets, had been defeated at the election, after launching riots against the Government last year.
The statement said the campaign to destabilise the Government "failed dismally" and "the defeat of their favoured candidates leaving [the media] humiliated".
"They now must accept the will of the Nauruan people in a democratic vote, respect our country, our Government and the fact that we are a sovereign country not beholden to them, and start reporting the truth," Mr Adeang said.
Five opposition MPs from the small island's Government have been suspended over the past two years, including Roland Kun who fled to New Zealand on Sunday.
Topics: government-and-politics, journalism, elections, community-and-society, nauru, pacific
First posted
Does Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn (1918-2008), who was among the great 20th-century heroes in the fight against communism, matter today?
As significant as anything that Solzhenitsyn did, Richard Brookhiser pointed out, was to “introduce one word into the world's vocabulary: gulag (Russians knew it already).” What Solzhenitsyn accomplished with “gulag” was to change the “iconography of modern despotism.” He taught Westerners that communism meant lies and violence.
Few would deny this, but it is largely a historical claim. Solzhenitsyn “taught” us. Now that the main lines and even most details of Solzhenitsyn's revelation of communist repression and evil have been vindicated, does he have anything to say to us positively about liberty, politics, and the human soul?
Daniel J. Mahoney, one of the finest American interpreters of Solzhenitsyn, thinks there is more to Solzhenitsyn than the historical point. The Other Solzhenitsyn is, he says, a “bet on the continuing relevance” of a man “subject to more misinterpretations and calumnies” than any other recent writer or thinker. Mahoney aims to tear away the false image of Solzhenitsyn as having been anti-Western, anti-democratic, pan-Slavist, virulently nationalist, anti-Semitic, and nostalgic for monarchy, while showing him to be a “lucid lover of country,” a “man of faith and reason,” and indeed a “theorist of self-government.”
It isn't just that Solzhenitsyn taught, but that he teaches. We have much to learn.
How was Solzhenitsyn so misinterpreted in the first place? The misapprehensions began in the 1970s when Solzhenitsyn showed, in the Nobel Prize and Harvard addresses, that while he was a friend of the West, he was a critical friend. He declined to sign on to an “end of history” as written by secular liberal theorists upon the Soviet Union's collapse. Secular liberal theorists thus greeted his continuing interest in Russia as simply “extreme nationalism” or Tsarist nostalgia. Their views of the man remained, as Mahoney says, permanently in the 1970s—and wrong to boot. Meanwhile in Russia, particularly after 1989, Solzhenitsyn's repeated denunciation of communism, insistence on a moderate patriotism, and interest in learning some lessons about liberty from the West earned him a reputation on the Russian right as a traitor to “eternal” Russia.
Mahoney does think that Solzhenitsyn is responsible in part for the misinterpretations. He locates the problem primarily in “tone.” For one thing, Solzhenitsyn tended to treat his readers as serious adults who could handle difficult conversations. Mahoney's chapter on Two Hundred Years Together, Solzhenitsyn's 2003 exploration of the history of the Jews in Russia, shows that his main points about Russian treatment of the Jews before and after the Revolution, the significant initial Jewish support of the Bolsheviks, and the targeting of Jews by Stalin from the 1930s on, were all historically sound. But to simply weigh in on such matters without taking due notice of contemporary “sensitivities” when talking about them was bound to bring a hailstorm of unfair criticisms from reporters and activists from all camps who wanted a “score” showing either Jewish or Gentile Russians to be the real, permanent holders of the victim card.
Solzhenitsyn also occasionally made hyperbolic claims, as when he compared the Western bombing of Serbia in the 1990s to the actions of the Nazis. Nor were his judgments on contemporary political developments always above criticism. In the 1970s, Solzhenitsyn believed the Club of Rome's predictions of ecological catastrophe. In the 1990s he rejected an award from the Yeltsin government because he believed it to be a corrupt kleptocracy, but did accept an award during the Putin era.
Mahoney is at pains to show (accurately) that Solzhenitsyn was not an uncritical supporter of the Putin regime, but the defense occasionally seems strained. Taking a stand against corruption but then lending his dignity to a successor who advanced a narrative of Soviet-Russian continuity—one that was anathema to Solzhenitsyn himself—was clearly a mistake. National repentance was part of Solzhenitsyn's way forward for his nation in communism's wake; Putin refused to repent of this past, and Solzhenitsyn himself gradually realized this. It was an unfortunately blurred close for a thinker who had typically drawn the brightest of moral and political lines—indeed, Mahoney describes Solzhenitsyn's views about Russia's prospects at the time of his death in 2008 as “too sanguine.”
But to focus on such issues would detract from Mahoney's main goal of demonstrating that the great man has something to offer beyond historical witness and analysis of Soviet totalitarianism—and certainly much more than any mistaken particular judgments during his 92 years of life. One can deeply sympathize with an old man who has seen the fall of an evil regime and now looks with eyes too tinted by hopefulness. It is Solzhenitsyn the political thinker and artist who should be remembered, not Solzhenitsyn the pundit.
Yet even on this score, in general, Mahoney's new book is less critical of Solzhenitsyn than his 2001 volume, Solzhenitsyn: The Ascent from Ideology, where he could note the tendency toward a “conservative romanticism” in Solzhenitsyn's writings, as well as criticize a failure to understand the importance of partisan politics in modern representative governments. In this new volume, the romanticizing tendency is unmentioned and, while the under-appreciation of politics is reiterated, it comes with the caveat that even though Solzhenitsyn failed to adequately distinguish constitutional parties from their totalitarian counterfeits, his “eminently sensible” view was that one needs to be able to vote for actual candidates who can be held personally responsible.
It is this personal element of his political thinking that is so important. Solzhenitsyn was less a proponent of democracy, Mahoney writes, than he was an enemy of ideological despotism which attempted to efface the divine image in man by taking away his liberty, his natural rights, and his responsibility. Like Tocqueville, John Stuart Mill, Friedrich Hayek, and John Paul II, he recognized that democracy itself could be turned into an ideology that steals those humane qualities in a more covert way. But Mahoney emphasizes that Solzhenitsyn did often look to Western models for inspiration for post-Soviet Russia, pointing especially to Swiss cantons and small-town government in New England. He quotes the man himself saying that he “always insisted on the need for local self-government for Russia, but never opposed this model to Western democracy.”
This localism has been remarked upon before. (Solzhenitsyn biographer Joseph Pearce recounts discussing in an interview the similarities of his thought to that of E. F. Schumacher and G. K. Chesterton.) But it is important to note that Solzhenitsyn, like the American Founders, understood that while self-government had to be local, “from the ground up,” it had to be supported by a strong central government, what the Russian writer called the “vertical of power.” The central government's task was certainly to defend the nation, but Solzhenitsyn warned that foreign military adventurism distracted it from its other main task: to provide breathing room, infrastructure, and resources for local entrepreneurial and governmental initiative. He looked to the zemstvo, local and provincial councils that operated in the years before the revolutions, as models from the past that could be prudently modified in building up a Russia that was self-governing and free.
If Solzhenitsyn was too sanguine about Putin (and Mahoney guesses his voice would be more critical today), it was because Putin had at least restored a degree of pride in the Russian nation. If there is to be a democracy, there must be a demos that considers itself as such and takes pride in itself. The soul of a nation needs to be great if it is to be magnanimous and humble. And a great-souled nation needs to see itself as “under God” in order to be limited.
The lack of limits is his theme in commenting on “the crisis of modern progress” in his 1993 farewell address to the West. Progress is seen as a “stream of unlimited blessings,” but it is really a gift given from God for an “extremely difficult trial of our free will.” Moreover, technological and economic progress can never be confused with moral progress. Nor can external freedom be confused with internal freedom. In each case, the former can serve the latter but if allowed to proceed unbounded, can turn destructive of moral progress and internal freedom. The alternatives for individuals are the same as they are for nations: self-limitation or tyranny. And the path to finding self-limitation, humility, and moral responsibility is in religious faith.
Mahoney argues, as he did in his first book, that Solzhenitsyn's religious views are not simply reflective of his experience as an Orthodox Christian. Instead, his embrace of that faith (albeit with what Mahoney calls “a remarkably ecumenical understanding of that truth”) came about through a sort of philosophical encounter in the camps by which he discovered that reason has its limits and points beyond itself. Reason points not to the irrational, but as French writer Véronique Hallereau puts it, to “the supra-rational.” There is no internal contradiction or war between faith and reason in Solzhenitsyn's thought. Instead, she writes, “Faith crowns the edifice of reason, completing it while recognizing its limits.” The source of this discovery, according to Mahoney, is the same as the source of his art: his experience as a zek (prisoner) in the gulag.
It is not merely as a political theorist that Solzhenitsyn deserves to be remembered, but as an artist. Solzhenitsyn's witness to the evil of communism, what Brookhiser called the “iconography of evil,” is certainly important. But as Mahoney says in reviewing Solzhenitsyn's works of historical fiction or imagination, the portrayal of evil is accompanied by a portrayal of men and women who have not given themselves completely to evil and repression. These are characters whose souls are under “the extremely difficult trial of free will,” who must decide whether to answer the cry of justice, truth, and interior freedom under the burden of tyranny, ideological lies, and barbed wire. Solzhenitsyn's creative writings, always polyphonic, allow one to follow different characters through their different reactions.
Mahoney highlights The First Circle‘s Nerzhin, a stand-in for the author, in his journey from skeptic to a believer in a moral universe, one who could challenge the lies that made justice into simply a “class-conditioned idea,” or that made of history mechanistic progress from bad to better.
This volume also includes a translation of the wonderful introduction by Solzhenitsyn's widow, Natalia, to the 2009 abridged Gulag Archipelago designed for use in Russian high schools. Natalia Solzhenitsyn tells many of the exciting details of its writing and publication, but asks the deeper question of what kind of book it is. She quotes the book itself, in which Solzhenitsyn denies having written merely a “political exposé.” Instead, he writes, politics cannot be the final answer since “the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being.”
Mahoney wants us to see what Father Alexander Schmemann, a sometime critic, observed when he lauded Solzhenitsyn's “gift of transfiguration.” Solzhenitsyn depicted the truth of the camps not just as evil, but as the magnification of the questions and the possibilities of good and evil, freedom and totalitarianism.
His book is not only a robust rebuttal to the canon-makers and official expounders of wisdom, but a warning to those friends and enemies who want to consign Solzhenitsyn to the realm of historical trivia: don't bet against the zek.
Facebook announced they will be adding a portal to the Help Center that enables users to check which Internet Research Agency Facebook pages and Instagram accounts they liked or followed between January 2015 and August 2017 — the service will only be available to a portion of the 140 million users who may have seen Russian propaganda, Recode reports.
According to another Recode article, lawmakers have been pressuring Facebook to reach out to every user who may have seen Kremlin-made content on their platform, although Facebook contends that technical limitations prevent them from allowing every user to access their new portal.
A Facebook Newsroom post, titled “Continuing Transparency on Russian Activity,” outlines the social network's plan,
As part of that continuing commitment, we will soon be creating a portal to enable people on Facebook to learn which of the Internet Research Agency Facebook Pages or Instagram accounts they may have liked or followed between January 2015 and August 2017. This tool will be available for use by the end of the year in the Facebook Help Center. It is important that people understand how foreign actors tried to sow division and mistrust using Facebook before and after the 2016 US election. That's why as we have discovered information, we have continually come forward to share it publicly and have provided it to congressional investigators. And it's also why we're building the tool we are announcing today.
Related Reading
Rep. Adam Schiff asks tech giants to work together and produce their own report studying Russian meddling
Peter Thiel sells most of remaining Facebook stake
Facebook will help some users figure out if they saw Russian propaganda during the 2016 U.S. presidential election
Pin 1 6K Shares
Nick Bernabe | The Anti-Media
After fending off numerous attacks on the freedom of the internet last year, activists and independent journalists alike are now facing another hurdle that flies in the face of freedom of the press, the “Journalist Shield Law“. Image credit: davidleesf
Although the bill is being sold by the Obama administration and establishment politicians in both parties as a positive step in protecting free speech, unfortunately the name of this bill is highly deceiving. Remembering just how unpatriotic the Patriot Act was, this new law, although deceivingly named, is likely to crush freedom of speech of any journalist not on a corporate payroll. According to the AP, this is how the bill defines who a real journalist is:
“The bill's protections would apply to a “covered journalist,” defined as an employee, independent contractor or agent of an entity that disseminates news or information. The individual would have to have been employed for one year within the last 20 or three months within the last five years.
It would apply to student journalists or someone with a considerable amount of freelance work in the last five years. A federal judge also would have the discretion to declare an individual a “covered journalist” who would be granted the privileges of the law.”
Essentially, if you don't work for the likes of the dying mainstream media, the government can (and will) subpoena any journalist to force them to reveal their sources or face prosecution. Apparently, as described by one of the nation's biggest hypocrites, the First Amendment only applies to some people and the government should get to decide who those people are. According to the bill, any information that “in purpose, subject matter and period of time covered so as to avoid compelling disclosure of peripheral, nonessential or speculative information.” could potentially be subject to Big Brother's sticky fingers. You can see the two different versions of the bill here and here and Feinstein's journalism crushing amendment here.
Feinstein specifically singles out young entrepreneurs who start news websites as well as the Wikileaks organization. You can see what she said in the video posted below:
Truth-Out.org describes the Feinstein amendment as follows
“Feinstein's suggestion is blatantly unconstitutional. The First Amendment is clear: “Congress shall make no law… abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press,” yet here is a member of Congress trying to do precisely that. By applying a strict definition to who can be considered a journalist, Feinstein is not only discrediting, but also destructing independent and citizen journalism.”
This bill later goes on to define how a real (corporate) journalist would go about disseminating information:
“newspaper, nonfiction book, wire service, news agency, news website, mobile application or other news or information service (whether distributed digitally or otherwise); news program, magazine or other periodical, whether in print, electronic or other format; or thorough television or radio broadcast … or motion picture for public showing.”
This language, although dangerously vague, clearly fails to protect any journalist, reporter or blogger who reports via social media. Facebook page admins, YouTube video extraordinaires, Twitter phenoms and top Tumblrers say goodbye to your freedom of speech.
I can't tell whether this is another corporate jab at the free flow of information or just Big Bureaucracy trying to protect it's backside from the highly anti-establishment independent media. Either way, this is a dangerous piece of legislation, once again disguised under a misleading name, aimed directly at the growing anti-media movement.
Free Press describes the law
“Most problematically, disclosure can be compelled when the information in question would assist the federal government in stopping or mitigating “other acts that are reasonably likely to cause significant and articulable harm to national security.” This language could be construed to apply to any number of circumstances, so long as the government argues there is some threat to the limitless concept of “national security.”
Another shortfall lies in how the Act limits the scope of who qualifies as a covered person. Many policymakers want to limit protections to those who make a significant amount of their income and livelihood from journalism. But the federal shield law should cover anyone who provides journalistic services, even if a person is not professionally or regularly employed as a journalist.”
Although the reason for this new media shattering language is still unknown, what is clear is that this bill must be killed. Here is a petition you can sign, maybe they'll read it. More importantly, call or email your Senators and let them know we want free press not free* press. Support your favorite indy journalists now while you still can. Subscribe to their email lists, donate to them, share their articles and videos and stand together against this corporate bureaucratic power grab. If you've been thinking about getting into the independent journalism field, get some blood in the game now before it's too late. Let's hit them with everything we've got. Here's a quick guide that we put together for anyone thinking about joining the anti-media movement.
For a more in-depth look at the Journalism Shield Law watch this video starting at 1:10
This article is free and open source. Feel free to republish this article in part or in full with credit to the author Nick Bernabe and a link back to this page. Follow us on Twitter @TheAntiMedia1
Pin 1 6K Shares
AP Photo/Reed Saxon A group of people enter the Los Angeles Times on Wednesday, November 16, 2005 in Los Angeles.
Like most American newspapers, The Los Angeles Times has had a rough go of it. Over the past 20 years, as readers abandoned the print edition either outright or for digital versions, ad revenues decreased. Those revenues shriveled even more as the share of English-speaking residents in the L.A. metro area declined, and were altogether tanked by a steady stream of idiotic business decisions from the paper's owners once the Otis Chandler wing of the Chandler family lost control of the paper to its benighted cousins in 1990. Since then, the paper's owners—successively, the Let's-Cash-Out wing of the Chandler family; the Chicago-based Tribune Corporation to whom the Chandlers sold the paper; real estate wheeler-dealer Sam Zell, who bought Tribune with other people's (including its employees') money and plunged it into bankruptcy (and who holds the distinction of being the only newspaper owner in recorded history who viscerally hated newspapers, reporters, and editors); and the hedge fund guys who inherited Tribune when it came out of bankruptcy—have had but one solution to the Times's dwindling revenues: Cut.
Over the past 15 years, the paper's editorial staff has been reduced from 1,200 to 500, and the Chicago-based management is now trying to shed an additional 80 reporters, editors, photographers, and artists—reportedly, the more senior ones with correspondingly higher salaries—by offering them now-or-never buy-outs. Once a paper whose page count and Pulitzers rivaled The New York Times's, today's Times is an anemic version of its former self, and with each successive cut, both the paper and the number of its readers have grown steadily smaller. Great editors—John Carroll, Dean Baquet—have quit the paper rather than acquiesce in Chicago's incessant demands for cuts, but the cuts have continued unabated.
Since Tribune emerged from bankruptcy a couple of years ago, a movement of Los Angeles civic leaders has formed to try to persuade the paper's Chicago-based board to sell the Times to an Angeleno committed to rebuilding what had once been a source of civic pride. This is remarkable in itself: L.A. is a city with few institutional leaders or 1 percenters who bestir themselves in the cause of civic betterment, much less come together to formulate a common position. It is a mark of how painful the deterioration of the Times has become that such a group could even form.
Over the past several years, a succession of possible Times purchasers have come forth as well—media mogul David Geffen, supermarket billionaire Ron Burkle, and, most persistently, homebuilding-and-insurance gazillionaire Eli Broad. At times, Broad has functioned as the city's one-man civic elite—raising the funds to build Frank Gehry's Disney Concert Hall, supplying the funds to save the city's Museum of Contemporary Art, and recently opening his own museum next door to the Disney and across the street from MOCA. Broad has also endowed all manner of medical research, management schools, and education reform efforts both in L.A. and throughout the country.
To date, the Tribune board has spurned Broad's offers to buy the paper, though he reportedly continues to try to come up with a deal it won't refuse. Until recently, he had an inside ally—Austin Beutner, the investment banker turned mayoral aide turned, in 2014, Times publisher. This September, however, after just one year on the job, Tribune abruptly fired Beutner, for such presumed heresies as encouraging Broad's offers and affirming the value of a large and talented editorial staff.
Undaunted, Broad, backed by the civic leaders, is apparently still endeavoring to buy the paper and, just possibly, return Beutner to his perch.
Would that be a happy ending for the Times and its city? Not necessarily.
Problem is, though Broad has not succeeded in buying the paper and Beutner has left the building, they have nonetheless managed to plunge the Times into serious ethical dilemma, compromising its well-earned reputation for unconflicted reporting of the news.
When Beutner was publisher, he established a new reporting initiative that hired more staff to increase the paper's already substantial coverage of local education. The initiative, as Paul Farhi reported Friday in The Washington Post, was funded by $800,000 from a group of foundations focused on education, including the Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation and the K&F Baxter Family Foundation.
Both foundations are major supporters of supplanting L.A.'s public schools with charter schools—indeed, the Broad Foundation has recently developed a proposal to create an additional 260 charter schools across the L.A. school district, which would essentially place half the students currently in public schools into charters. It is, to put it mildly, a controversial proposal. As well, Frank Baxter, of the Baxter Family Foundation, is a board member of Alliance charter schools, a growing L.A. chain whose efforts to thwart its teachers from unionizing were enjoined last week by a court order, after the state's public employees labor board ruled that the chain's practices towards its pro-union teachers appeared flagrantly abusive. (You can follow Rachel M. Cohen's ongoing account of the Alliance battle here and here.)
Whatever possessed Beutner to accept funding from partisans in an ongoing battle that the Times was already covering in its news pages and editorializing about in its opinion pages—and not just funding, but funding specifically targeted at covering that very battle? Would he have accepted funding from either Catholic Charities or Planned Parenthood to bolster the Times's coverage of the battles over abortion and reproductive rights? Would he have accepted funding from the local teachers union, or a pro-union foundation, to cover the same beat that the Broad and Baxter money are now funding? I suspect he would not—and that what made the Broad/Baxter money different in Beutner's eyes was that he felt comfortable with their positions, and probably believed that their commitment to charter schools was widely shared throughout the city's power elites—of which Beutner was a member in very good standing.
While still at the paper, Beutner did something that his publisher predecessors hadn't done for several decades: He took an active role in editorial board meetings that determined the paper's position on several issues. As publisher, that was his right. But accepting funds to cover the very beat in which his funders were inevitably going to be the subject of the paper's coverage was not his right, and is profoundly damaging to the Times. It inflicts the appearance of a conflict of interest on every local education story or opinion piece the Times runs.
As a longtime Los Angeles journalist before I moved to D.C., I know a number of the Times's reporters and editors who cover this topic on the news and opinion pages. They are among the most principled journalists I've ever known. Howard Blume, my onetime colleague at the L.A. Weekly, included an acknowledgment of the Broad Foundation's funding of Times education coverage in the story in which he broke the news about the Foundation's plan to increase the number of charter schools. Howard's work aside, it's not clear that the paper's management felt such disclaimers were even necessary until the Post story ran last Friday. Presumably, such disclaimers will now have to accompany the scores of stories about the future of L.A. schools that Howard and his peers will be turning out over the next several years, to the point where the disclaimers will become something of a standing joke. Howard and his paper need this like a hole in the head.
None of these augurs well for the Times should Broad succeed in purchasing it, whether or not he returns Beutner to the publisher's suite. Compromising the Times's reputation by creating the appearance of a conflict of interest in its reporting isn't what champions of restoring the Times to pre-eminence are looking for in a post-Trib owner. But the longer the Times remains in the Trib's control, the smaller and more inadequate this once-world-class paper will become, and Broad remains the most likely suspect to buy the Times and rebuild it.
The question, then, is how he'd rebuild it. Would it be in the spirit of its great publisher, Otis Chandler, who assembled a superb news staff that covered the city and the world free from the pressures of outside interests? (Or inside interests: Chandler's right-wing cousins objected mightily to many stories, but he absorbed their complaints himself and never let it affect the paper's coverage.) Or would it be in the spirit of Otis's predecessors, who created a paper that was travesty of journalism, that routinely slanted its stories to promote its owners' commercial interests and political beliefs?
Let's hope it isn't necessary to destroy The L.A. Times in order to save it.
EA is getting ready to unload details on both the single- and multiplayer portions of Battlefield 3, and it isn't above taking a few potshots at its competitor, Modern Warfare 3.
A post from the game's official blog touted the ability of the Frostbite 2 engine to provide both large-scale battles and close combat. "Gamers will experience a physical battlefield and be able to temporarily disable vehicles, go prone, mount weapons, lay down suppressive fire and more. Under the hood, the brand-new engine ensures cutting-edge visuals and immersion," Karl Magnus Troedsson, the general manager of DICE, wrote.
There will also be a new online portal that will offer much of what Elite will be offering, with an important difference. "Battlelog also lets you manage your friends lists, squad up, create platoons, use voice chat and follow your friends' progress in real-time, and more," Troedsson explained. "Battlelog will be available for the monthly fee of (drum roll)... zero dollars."
What won't we see at E3? Team deathmatch and the co-op campaign, for starters, but you can't have everything all at once. We have our appointment locked in to play the game, and I'll be able to report directly on whether this is the best game ever, or the bestest game ever.
Udinese striker Antonio Di Natale has announced that he is postponing his retirement from football following assurances from club president Giampaolo Pozzo.
The 36-year-old had earlier decided to hang up his boots at the end of the campaign, seemingly signing off with a hat-trick in his final game in a 3-3 draw with Sampdoria.
However, the Italian international told Thursday's edition of Corriere della Sera that he will now play on for at least another season after the club persuaded him to change his mind.
“I am bound to Udinese by another year of contract,” Di Natale said.
“Last Thursday I went into president Pozzo's office and we talked about the future.
“Now that [former coach Francesco] Guidolin has decided to leave, I wanted to understand the future project of the club.
“The president reassured me, and now I will go on holiday.”
The diminutive forward has spent ten years with the Zebrette, finishing as Serie A Capocannoniere in 2009-10 and 2010-11, and still managed to score 20 goals in all competitions this season despite his initial deciding to retire.
Follow George Gibson on Twitter: @George_Gibson9
Join a company of talented developers today ! We are working on innovative projects with one goal in mind: build the de facto reference instant messaging platform.
We are now hiring Erlang coders to join our development and support team. You will participate to ejabberd development, customer projects but also work on the new exciting projets we are currently preparing.
Experience in Erlang and/or XMPP protocol is a big plus, but is not mandatory.
The jobs are preferably based in France, but our company being international and our team distributed across the world, remote work is possible.
If you are interested, please drop me a mail (mremond at this website domain) with a summary of your technical achievements and a description of why you would love working at Process-One.
IANS By
India and Russia on Thursday signed 16 agreements, including in areas of helicopter and nuclear reactor manufacturing, even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi invited business leaders to be a partner of India's prosperity.
“As I look to the future, I see Russia as a significant partner in India's economic transformation and in shaping a balanced, multi-polar world,” Modi said while addressing a joint press conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin here after the annual summit-level meeting between the two sides.He also voiced his appreciation for the strong India-Russia partnership in defence, diplomacy and development.“President Putin and I are moving towards expanding India-Russia economic ties,” he said, while expressing confidence that there would be an increase in trade and investment.Referring to the 16 agreements signed, he said: “The agreement on manufacture of Kamov 226 helicopter in India is the first project for a major defence platform under 'Make in India' mission.”“The pace of our cooperation in nuclear energy is increasing,” he said.“We are making progress on 12 Russian nuclear reactors at two sites.”According to a programme of action agreed between India's Department of Atomic Energy and the Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation (Rosatom), there will be localisation of manufacturing in India of Russian-designed nuclear reactor units.Modi also said that the world must unite to fight terrorism without distinguishing between terror groups.“The world must unite and combat terror without distinguishing between terror groups and target countries,” he said, adding both India and Russia "are one in our belief that world must unite against terrorism”.The prime minister stressed on the necessity for a dialogue for an early political settlement in West Asia.Among the other agreements signed on Thursday are on railways, solar energy, heavy engineering, hydrocarbonsFollowing the summit-level talks, Modi and Putin jointly addressed chief executives of Indian and Russian companies.“I am here to invite our partner in security to become our partner in prosperity also,” Modi said.“Russia has and will always be a vital & long-term partner, not only in energy and mineral resources, but in cutting edge technologies too,” Modi said, according to tweets posted by external affairs ministry spokesman Vikas Swarup.“The good news is that our trade and business relations are becoming vibrant. A number of Russian and Indian companies are working together,” he said.According to the prime minister, nature has destined India and Russia to work together.“From hydrocarbons, our cooperation is moving to the hardest form of carbon - diamonds,” he said.On his part, President Putin said that high technology, innovation, energy, aircraft building, pharmaceuticals and diamonds are promising areas for India-Russian cooperation.Around 19 Indian CEOs have travelled with Modi for this meeting. According to sources, around 34 business leaders from various Russian companies participated in the meeting.Earlier on Thursday, Modi visited Russia's National Crisis Management Centre (NCMC), also known as EMERCOM, a multi-level coordination centre designed to provide inter-agency coordination and alert people about the threat of emergency situations.According to an official statement, Modi was given an overview of the actual functioning and real-time monitoring operations of the centre. He was informed in detail about the coordination among various disaster-relief agencies, which is done by this centre.Before heading for the Kremlin, Modi laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier here.The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier is a war memorial dedicated to the Soviet soldiers killed in World War II and is located by the Kremlin wall in the Alexandrovsky Garden.Modi also addressed a gathering of Friends of India and met members of the Indian community in Russia.
He's back! Special Agent Cooper returns in 2016 as Kyle MacLachlan will reprise his Twin Peaks role when the show returns to television for a third season on Showtime. MacLachlan's return had been assumed when the third season was announced, but not confirmed until now. It was, after all, his character's dream, pictured above, that helped lead to the very idea of the series' return. In addition, the Showtime TCA panel provided confirmation (which we didn't really need, but it's nice to have) that David Lynch will direct all nine new episodes of the show.
EW reports from the TCAs, saying that MacLachlan took the stage, and “handed a “damn good cup of coffee” to Showtime president David Nevins.”
The exec said that Lynch and series co-creator Mark Frost have been “very specific in promising closure” as they work on the scripts for this return. “From what I've seen,” he added, “I think this going to live up to expectations—and then some.”
And while original network home ABC was somewhat controlling with respect to Peaks, Showtime will be more hands off. Nevins says he's “more or less writing checks and leaving them alone. It's David's show. It's Mark's show. I will be the grateful recipient of it.
MacLachlan said,
I'm very excited to return to the strange and wonderful world of Twin Peaks. May the forest be with you.
Along with that was the confirmation that Lynch would direct the entire third season. That was the implication when this revival was announced, but it's good to have it stated outright. (He only directed six hours of the original thirty in the show's first two seasons.)
No other cast members were confirmed to return, though with Cooper making his comeback it is safe to expect Lynch to reprise the role of Gordon Cole, and we can realistically also hope to see Miguel Ferrer as Albert.
Here's Mark Frost, as excited as we are:
And a larger version of that pic:
The testimony below will be given this evening regarding a proposal authorizing our interim superintendent to rif teachers yet again this spring.
Dora
I am speaking on behalf of Parents Across America, the Seattle chapter. We oppose teacher layoff's and demand that the school board place our students first and instruct the superintendent to find cuts in other areas including central district staff who reside in the Stanford Center per Section IX of the RIF motion that is listed as an option.
The Seattle School District has a history of being top-heavy, with 39% more money spent on central administration than any other district in our state according to the 2008 state auditor's report.
Our former superintendent scoffed at the idea of furlough days for employees in the Stanford Center when asked the question during an interview on NPR last year but why not furlough days for central staff? We can do without much of the burgeoning bureaucracy that is the central office but our students cannot do without teachers.
Riffing teachers just to bring them back in the fall has become a rite of spring in Seattle over the last few years creating unnecessary upheaval and churn for our schools and students.
Our central staff has a pattern of ignoring early enrollment numbers and not including census data in their projections. The anticipated migration of students from private schools into public schools as the economy began to falter three years ago was also ignored by central staff and instead schools were closed only to be re-opened and teachers laid off just to be re-hired again but not without the consequence of re-shuffling students and teaching staff which impacted our school communities and was a distraction from what schools are supposed to be doing, teaching our children.
According to the Capacity Management Work Session on April 6th, staff was to get back to you about including census numbers in the enrollment projections, requesting information regarding demographics from the mayor's office and seeking advice from appropriate consultants. Has central staff done that yet? Do you have all of the information that you need to make an informed decision of such magnitude?
I know that Dr. Enfield and school board members are concerned about building trust once again in our community. The way to begin that process is by making decisions that make sense and are about our children. All of the expensive communication directors in the world will not change the hearts and minds of a population but beginning to make sound decisions with all of the facts in front of you that are in the best interest of our children will.
San Bernardino County has settled for almost $2.75 million seven federal lawsuits filed by dozens of current and former inmates at the West Valley Detention Center in Rancho Cucamonga who alleged a pattern of physical abuse by deputies.
The lawsuits followed confirmation in April 2014 of a criminal investigation by the FBI and an internal affairs investigation by the Sheriff's Department that began a month prior. The FBI investigation is ongoing.
On July 11, the county settled for $2.5 million five lawsuits totaling 32 plaintiffs represented by Victorville attorneys Jim Terrell, Sharon Brunner and Stanley Hodge and Woodland Hills attorney Dale Galipo.
On June 27, the county settled another lawsuit involving plaintiff Eric Smith, one of the first inmates to report the alleged abuse, for $175,000.
And on June 21, the county settled another lawsuit with plaintiff Armando Marquez for $70,000.
Among the allegations, inmates claimed they were subject to Taser gun torture and brutal pat-down searches their attorneys characterized as sodomy.
The allegations prompted the terminations of seven sheriff's deputies and sweeping reforms and security upgrades at the jail, one of four in the county operated by the Sheriff's Department.
“Back in March of 2014, Sheriff John McMahon went public and made it clear that he was not going to tolerate any misconduct by department personnel when this incident broke out,” sheriff's Lt. Sarkis Ohannessian said in a statement. “The department and the FBI fully cooperated to ensure a comprehensive investigation was completed.”
Within a month of the investigation, rookie deputies Brock Teyechea, Andrew Cruz and Nicholas Oakley were no longer employed by the department. As the investigation continued into October 2014, deputies Robert Escamilla, Russell Kopasz, Robert Morris and Eric Smale were placed on paid administrative leave. They are no longer with the department, Ohannessian said.
“The clients were glad that the major people involved are no longer in law enforcement,” said Terrell, who along with Brunner and Hodge were among the first to file lawsuits after the allegations surfaced.
Terrell said the criminal backgrounds of his clients posed challenges with putting the case in front of a jury. He said the settlement moved forward quickly when his team brought on board Galipo, a veteran trial attorney specializing in police excessive-force cases.
Galipo said in a telephone interview his clients could have possibly received a bigger jury award at trial, but it would have been a gamble.
“Hopefully this is a wake-up call for the detention center that has had a host of inmate abuse problems in the past,” Galipo said. “I can tell you, if it continues to go on, it's going to be hard for them to say, ‘Gee, we didn't know this was going on.' It's going to be more difficult for them to defend themselves.”
Sheriff's officials maintain the abuse by deputies was an isolated incident and not suggestive of an institutional problem. The department attributed the problems to prison realignment, which was implemented in 2011 and shifted many inmates serving longer sentences into county jails instead of state prison. Sheriff's officials said it led to sharp increases in both inmate-on-inmate violence and confrontations between inmates and deputies.
“Today, our deputies in our corrections bureau continue to receive training in the proper procedures for dealing with inmates who have a higher criminal sophistication today than ever before due to the state prison realignment,” Ohannessian said.
Since 2014, more than 350 security cameras have been installed at the jail, which Ohannessian said will hold deputies and inmates more accountable for their actions. Additionally, he said the jail has added more medical staff and sergeants to provide better care and supervision.
Brunner, one of the defense attorneys, also said the process for inmates filing grievances at the jail has improved.
She said in a telephone interview she hopes that the substantial number of inmates who sued sends a message to the county and its Sheriff's Department that such abuses cannot, and will not, be tolerated.
“We hold out hope and faith that the FBI will come back and there will be some indictments and charges against these deputies,” Brunner said.
FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said its more than three-year investigation, which prompted the impaneling of a federal grand jury, continues.
Attorneys for Eric Smith and Armando Marquez, the other two inmates whose lawsuits were settled, did not return telephone calls and emails seeking comment.
Meanwhile, other lawsuits are ongoing or pending.
Riverside attorney Robert McKernan is representing four inmates: Daniel Vargas, Anthony Gomez, Mario Villa and Keith Courtney.
McKernan said all four plaintiffs have agreed to a settlement offer by the county, and the paperwork is being forwarded to County Counsel for execution.
The case of inmate Cesar Vasquez, whose lawsuit was filed in August 2014 and was amended July 7, is currently scheduled for trial on July 10, 2018, his attorney, Scott Eadie, said in a telephone interview Friday.
Vasquez, a former food server at the jail, was among a bevy of inmates who alleged deputies engaged in a hazing ritual of Taser gun torture with “chow servers,” who received special privileges at the jail including more food and the ability to move more freely through their cellblocks.
Among Vazquez's allegations is that fired Deputy Oakley had inmate Lamar Graves use his phone to shoot video of Oakley stunning Vazquez with his Taser in a utility closet, away from view of security cameras.
Eadie said he has subpoenaed the FBI for the video.
Editor's note: This story has been updated from a previous version to correct the total number of lawsuits that have settled, which is seven.
Top seed Roger Federer got off to a winning start on his Mercedes Cup debut when he defeated 18-year-old Next Generation star Taylor Fritz 6-4, 5-7, 6-4 for a quarter-final clash against Florian Mayer.
"It wasn't easy," said Federer. "I thought Fritz had some good moments there. He gained control of the baseline, he had a little bit of an upper-hand at times. He served well and I was a little bit cautious, unsure of how to move and questioning my defence. These are the things I will need to iron out.
"I can take a lot of confidence out of this match. I need to improve a few things, but I served big and I was able to handle three sets over two days, and find some energy at the end of the match. I know I have an extra gear. My next goal is to stretch leads - once I get a lead, I need to know that I can protect it and then take the next step."
The match resumed on Thursday with Federer leading Fritz 4-3 in the first set, following a rain suspension overnight. Fritz, who had previously played two Top 10 players, converted his fourth set point opportunity in the 12th game of the second set.
"It's always disappointing to take a loss, when you've come close and you've definitely had chances in the match," said Fritz. "I played great and if you'd told me before that I would have taken a set off Federer, I would have been happy."
Federer, who is playing his first match since an Internazionali BNL d'Italia third-round exit to Dominic Thiem on 12 May, has now drawn level with Ivan Lendl on 1,071 victories, for the second-most match wins in the Open Era (since May 1968). Jimmy Connors is the overall leader with 1,256 victories.
OPEN ERA MATCH WINS LEADERS
Player Match Wins 1) Jimmy Connors (USA) 1,256 2=) Ivan Lendl (CZE/USA) 1,071 2=) Roger Federer (SUI) 1,071 4) Guillermo Vilas (ARG) 929 5) John McEnroe (USA) 877 6) Andre Agassi (USA) 870 7) Stefan Edberg (SWE) 801 8) Rafael Nadal (ESP) 796 9) Ilie Nastase (ROU) 780 10) Pete Sampras (USA) 762
Earlier in the day, third seed Thiem recorded his first victory as a Top 10 player when he withstood 21 aces from Sam Groth in a 7-6(3), 7-6(2) win over one hour and 31 minutes. The 22-year-old Austrian moved from No. 15 to No. 7 in the Emirates ATP Rankings after a Roland Garros semi-final run (l. to Novak Djokovic).
"It was an unbelievably tough and close match," said Thiem. "I expected it. I played two very good tie-breaks, which was the key. He is a very tough opponent on the grass."
Thiem will next take on Mikhail Youzhny, who knocked out qualifier Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-3, 7-6(1) in 81 minutes.
Radek Stepanek, a 37-year-old qualifier, lost just four of his first service points to edge out second seed Marin Cilic 7-6(4), 7-5. He last reached the Stuttgart quarter-finals in 2004 (l. to Canas) and today's result represents his first ATP World Tour quarter-final since July 2015 in Bogota.
Fourth seed Gilles Simon lost only eight of his first service points to advance with a 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 victory over Jan-Lennard Struff in one hour and 41 minutes. Wild card Juan Martin del Potro booked a spot in his first grass-court quarter-final since reaching the 2013 Wimbledon semi-finals. The Argentinean beat John Millman 6-4, 6-4.
Image caption A Federal Police aeroplane was expected to fly the convicted to Brasilia
An ex-director of the Brazilian state-run bank Banco do Brasil who has been convicted in a major corruption trial has fled the country to avoid jail.
Henrique Pizzolato, who also has an Italian passport, said in a letter he had fled to seek a fair trial in Italy.
On Friday the Brazilian Supreme Court issued 12 arrest warrants in connection with the case.
Eleven defendants have surrendered, including the chief of staff of ex-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva.
Last year, the Supreme Court convicted 25 politicians, businessmen and bankers over the "Mensalao" (big monthly allowance) case.
The scheme that used public funds to pay coalition parties for political support during the government of President Lula came to light in 2005.
President Lula was not implicated in the case.
'Media-free trial'
The first sentences were only handed down at the end of 2012.
Nearly a year later, on Friday, the Supreme Court issued the first 12 arrest warrants.
Pizzolato, an ex-marketing director of Banco do Brasil, was the only one who did not turn himself in.
He was sentenced to more than 12 years in jail for money laundering, embezzlement and active corruption.
His lawyer released a letter from Pizzolato and said he hoped to get another trial, free of media pressure in Italy.
Image caption Former President Lula's chief of staff Jose Dirceu (centre) turned himself in
"Unable to see a chance of having a trial free of political-electoral motivations... I have decided consciously and voluntarily to use my legitimate right to freedom to have a new trial in Italy, in a court that does not submit itself to corporate media impositions," the letter said.
Jose Genoino, a former president of the governing Workers' Party (PT), was the first to hand himself in to police.
He also released an open letter protesting his innocence and saying he considers himself a "political prisoner".
"With indignation, I abide by the decisions of the Supreme Court. What do to accuse me of? There is no evidence," Mr Genoino wrote.
Lula's former chief of staff, Jose Dirceu, who was sentenced to 10 years and 10 months, also surrendered in São Paulo.
Other high-profile convicted, such as the PT ex-treasurer Delubio Soares also handed themselves across the country.
All of the arrested were flown to Brasilia on Saturday.
Some of the most fascinating accomplishments by Trojans in 2017 came from USC researchers, scientists, physicians and students who made headlines all year with discoveries on topics from dementia to dinosaurs and work with worldwide benefits. Take a look at some of their stories.
Making donated dollars count
In Malawi, health care depends on international aid. To understand how to allocate it wisely, two Keck School of Medicine of USC medical students traveled to Africa with used smartphones. Utilizing a free app, Peggy Ebner and Natalie Friedricks collected health care survey data. The results could help guide resource allocation wherever health care is scarce, including L.A.'s underserved communities.
Why one USC researcher studies Alzheimer's
Arthur Toga lost his grandmother, aunt and mother to Alzheimer's disease. As a scientist, he knew what stages to expect, but nothing prepared him for “the degree of loss that you feel when you see somebody's personality and their whole being erased.” He now directs a team of researchers trying to locate ways to fix or preempt neurodegeneration.
Overweight children are excluded from friendships and disliked by peers
Overweight children have more one-sided friendships and frenemies than their thin peers. They are disliked and excluded from friendships. In return, they dislike more classmates. These negative interactions increase their risk of depression, poor eating habits and illness.
Diagnostics just a breath away
By breathing into a tube for a few minutes, people could get an indication of their risk for breast cancer. The BreathLink device is being tested at the USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center. When BreathLink detects risk, patients are referred for further testing.
Genetics put some older women at higher risk than men for Alzheimer's
Elderly white women and men with a gene mutation linked to Alzheimer's disease have the same chances of developing Alzheimer's except during a crucial decade about 10 years after the start of menopause. The finding counters long-held beliefs that women are always at greater risk of the memory-erasing disease.
A few bites to lower blood pressure
Sweet potatoes, avocados, spinach, beans and bananas have something in common that could lower your blood pressure: potassium. USC researcher Alicia McDonough reviewed studies on dietary sodium, potassium and hypertension. Her conclusion: more potassium in the diet is associated with lower blood pressure.
Air pollution may lead to dementia in older women
Excessive air pollution was shown to nearly double the risk of dementia for older women. Researchers said air pollution could be responsible for 21 percent of dementia cases. Tiny dirty particles get into the brain and cause inflammation that promotes dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
From mother to baby: ‘Secondhand sugars' can pass through breast milk
Researchers found that breast milk can be infused with fructose derived from a mother's diet. These “secondhand sugars” are not naturally present. Exposing babies and children to higher amounts of sugar can create cognitive development issues and can increase the child's risk for obesity, diabetes, fatty liver disease and heart disease.
The next decade could bring a breakthrough in Alzheimer's research
Scientists are five to 10 years away from developing a treatment for Alzheimer's disease, a Keck School of Medicine of USC researcher predicts. Alzheimer's disease is incurable. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a handful of medications for Alzheimer's, but all of them merely treat symptoms.
Tiny fossils reveal backstory of the most mysterious amphibian alive today
Paleontologists found tiny fossils that link amphibians to wormlike creatures with a backbone and two rows of sharp teeth. The newfound fossil is the oldest relative of the most mysterious group of amphibians.
Grandson's memories inspire fight against Alzheimer's
When a young Kwok Im was asked why he wanted to be a scientist, he thought of his grandfather, an Alzheimer's patient. Now a third-year PhD student in the USC Neuroscience Graduate Program, Im is involved in research that could help inform future therapeutic treatments for the disease.
USC 2017 A 10-PART LOOK BACK
See more of our 10-part year-end package, which continues through Dec. 31.
More stories about: Keck School of Medicine, Research, Year in Review 2017
LISTEN TO TLR'S LATEST PODCAST:
It has been a fantastic week for public relations nightmares. First, Pepsi tried (and failed) to use social activism to sell a second-rate cola. Then, United Airlines violently removed a passenger from an aircraft to accommodate a non-paying United employee. Next, Sean Spicer did what he did best: shove his foot in his mouth. The White House Press Secretary accidentally omitted the existence of the Holocaust while comparing Assad to Hitler.
Just when we, at The Libertarian Republic, thought this week couldn't hold more boneheaded public relations moves, we were wrong.
Enter: The Libertarian Party's social media team.
How The LP Shot Itself in the Foot…Again
As many of you are aware, we are in the midst of Holy Week. This week, Christians celebrate the time immediately before the resurrection of Jesus Christ. It began last Sunday (known as Palm Sunday) and ends on Easter. So, what do the wise sages at the LP social media team decide to do?
Why, they choose to quote the Church of Satan, of course!
Now, the Libertarian Party's social media team has never been accused of being smart. They are well known for reposting content from Free Thought Project and countless Anarcho-Capitalist memes. Once, they even were so foolish as to post an image declaring “No Bushes, Clintons, or Pauls“. It does not take a PR guru to tell you to not attack Ron Paul or Rand Paul, who are some of the most influential modern libertarians.
The post in question was eventually deleted from the Party's Facebook page, but unfortunately it was already too late.
It goes without saying that libertarians are a fairly thick-skinned bunch. We have to be. Quoting the Satanic Temple on Maundy Thursday, however, is a bridge too far for many. They accept a party that is apathetic to religion. However, they do not support a party that openly mocks their faith.
If the LP is serious about becoming an actual force in politics, it can start with firing whoever runs their Facebook page. They're doing more harm than good.
Happy Easter, Everyone!
EDITOR's NOTE: The views expressed are those of the author, they are not representative of The Libertarian Republic or its sponsors.
WATCH TLR'S LATEST VIDEO:
Can Taxation Be Replaced Through Advertising?
Watch this video on YouTube
The Russian Defense Ministry says an airstrike in Iraq by the U.S.-led coalition has left dozens of civilians dead.
The ministry's spokesman, Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov, said Friday's strike on a funeral procession in the town of Daquq has "all the signs of a war crime."
Konashenkov said two jets of the U.S.-led coalition were involved in the raid, apparently mistaking the procession for militants of the Islamic State group. The IS on Friday launched an attack on the city of Kirkuk, about 30 km north of Daquq.
Daquq Mayor Amir Khodakram says an airstrike hit a funeral procession in the city center on Friday, killing 17 people, mainly women and children, and wounding another 50. He says it was not clear who carried out the airstrike and that an investigation is underway.
Russia has welcomed the U.S.-backed Iraqi forces' push to dislodge the IS from Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city. At the same time, Russia and the U.S. are sharply divided on Syria, where Russian warplanes have backed Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces.
The U.S. military in Baghdad could not immediately be reached for comment.
Edison International has become the latest utility moving beyond selling electricity to customers, and getting into helping those customers manage that energy use.
On Tuesday, the parent company of regulated utility Southern California Edison unveiled its new energy consulting and project development arm, Edison Energy. The new company will work nationwide to “identify and execute opportunities to help them lower costs in managing their entire energy portfolio, reduce complexity, and deliver on increasingly important sustainability objectives,” according to Tuesday's announcement.
Allan Schurr, the company's president, described Edison Energy as “a consultancy and systems integration company that's unbiased in relation to particular technology solutions. We're trying to find what the largest energy users need, and identify the gaps in their strategy.”
That's a similar pitch being brought to large commercial and industrial (C&I) energy customers by a lengthening list of competitors -- think GE Current or Duke Energy Renewables. And like many of its rivals, Edison Energy has put together a roster of acquisitions to get there.
This includes the commercial PV development business of SoCore Energy, acquired in 2013, which now has about 250 projects in 17 states, Schurr said. But it also includes three other startups acquired over the previous months at a combined price of about $100 million, according to Tuesday's announcement.
The first, ENERActive Solutions, covers the energy-efficiency side of the equation. The Asbury Park, N.J.-based energy consulting, engineering, and project development firm works with clients like universities, schools, data centers, industrial sites and hospitals. This is a function provided by many energy services companies like Siemens, Schneider Electric, Honeywell and Johnson Controls, as well as a host of contractors and consultants.
On the high-end energy procurement and data analysis side, Edison acquired Delta Energy Services, which serves a typical customer base of “corporations with at least $1 billion in revenue.” This is the kind of work done by competitive energy providers like Constellation and Direct Energy, as well as competitors such as EnerNOC, Ecova and Schneider Electric via acquisition Summit Energy.
Boston-based acquisition Altenex brings renewables into the mix through its market access platform to connect renewable energy project developers with C&I customers seeking to buy wholesale renewable energy. So far, it's negotiated long-term power-purchase agreements adding up to more than a gigawatt of wind and solar power. This is a similar function provided to Duke Energy Renewables with its acquisition of REC Solar.
Edison Energy isn't naming its clients yet, but they include about one-quarter of the world's Fortune 50 corporations, said Schurr. The company currently manages energy procurement for about 7,500 gas and electric customer sites across the country, and its efficiency arm has identified about $1 billion in energy savings measures on the demand side of the equation.
The Irvine, Calif.-based company now has about 200 employees, and runs completely separately from its parent company, he said. It can earn money from advisory services fees, management fees as a percentage of energy supplied, or project-based fees, working according to the custom needs of each client, Schurr explained. But it can also lean on Edison International's deep pockets to secure financing for certain projects, or even own and operate projects where that makes sense, he said.
As for the types of technologies to be deployed, that's up to each customer's needs, he added. In some cases that could include commercial solar, or even microgrids for customers seeking energy resiliency, Schurr said -- a field that giant utility Southern Company has recently jumped into through its acquisition of PowerSecure.
But on the other hand, “Edison International's competitive generation business was sold off a couple of years ago, so there isn't any financial interest in owning these large contracts,” he added. “We have a nice balance in the portfolio of services that range from upfront advisor services, consulting perhaps on an investment they're going to make, all the way through [to owning and operating] the systems. We're really covering the bases.”
More broadly speaking, Edison Energy and its competitors are seeking to make money by helping customers navigate the increasingly complex world of energy options, as the company laid out in a Tuesday white paper entitled “The New Energy Future.” According to the paper's survey, most large corporate customers don't have a grasp on where they're wasting energy, let alone which efficiency or renewable opportunities to invest in: "Emerging technologies like solar, wind, storage, fuel cells, LED lighting systems and building controls, enabled by deeper understandings from new data streams, have become ever more competitive."
At the same time, Edison International and other utility owners are facing significant challenges from the same or similar trends that are now potentially empowering the customers of new companies like Edison Energy. "We certainly see our industry evolving," Ted Craver, chairman and chief executive of Edison International, said at a Tuesday event to unveil the new company. "There certainly are some threats to our corporation that come from that."
Venture into any given Stephen King novel, and at some point you'll find a secret passage into another.
“All of the books kind of relate to other ones,” King said in a 2013 interview. “I guess it's sort of like Stephen King World, the malevolent version of Disney World, where everything fits together.”
Sometimes it's just a familiar name or place, or the off-handed reference of an event from another story. Other times, lead characters from one book have cameos in another.
In the new film version of The Dark Tower, opening Aug. 4, director Nikolaj Arcel said he wanted to honor this tradition by packing as many King references into the background as possible.
“As one of his ‘Constant Readers,' one of the things I found so much pleasure in was the fact that when I read one novel and I read the next one, there was the same town, there was the same character, or there was Castle Rock. It blew my mind,” the filmmaker told EW during our set visit last summer. “I wanted to have that same feeling.”
But mixing dimensions is easy compared to acquiring film rights from competing studios, so he had a difficult road of clearances ahead. But … he did it.
“I wanted Paul Sheldon's book Misery's Child in one of the shots. I wanted one of the old haunted places to be Pennywise's house. And I got all that. It's just like a dream come true for me, mixing every single thing. Cujo's going to walk by. It's just fun.”
In the video above, you can see just a few of the references that will be in the movie. Click here for a frame-by-frame analysis of what is what, and who is who from Stephen King World.
And remember the cautionary words of the author himself: “If there was a Stephen King World, people would only go on the rides … once.”
The super system provides very little support to low-income earners.
Compulsory superannuation payments help many middle-income earners to save more for retirement, but super is simply the wrong tool to provide an adequate support for low-income earners.
Our analysis shows top-up measures targeted at helping this group save for retirement are poorly targeted and an expensive way to do so.
Australia's superannuation lobby wants the Government to define in law that the purpose of Australia's $2 trillion super system is to provide an adequate retirement income for all Australians.
The Government disagrees: it confirmed instead that the purpose of super is to supplement or substitute for the Age Pension.
The Government is right: super can't do everything. Income from the superannuation of low-income earners will inevitably be small relative to the value of the Age Pension.
The Government boost to super aimed at low income earners is not tightly targeted. And fees will eat up a material portion of Government support provided through superannuation.
With the Age Pension and Rent Assistance, Government already has the right tools for assisting lower income Australians.
Government's two super top-ups
The Low Income Superannuation Contribution (LISC), introduced by the Labor government in 2013, puts extra money in the accounts of low-income earners who make pre-tax super contributions.
Under the LISC, those earning less than $37,000 receive a Government co-contribution of 15 per cent of their pre-tax super contributions, up to a maximum of $500 a year.
The Abbott government was set to abolish the LISC, but the Turnbull Government now plans to retain it, renaming it the Low Income Superannuation Tax Offset (LISTO), at a budgetary cost of $800 million a year.
The super co-contribution, introduced by the former Howard government in 2003, puts extra money in the accounts of low-incomes earners who make post-tax super contributions.
It boosts voluntary super contributions made by low-income earners out of their post-tax income by up to $500 a year, at a budgetary cost of $160 million a year.
Super can't help many low income earners
Superannuation is a contributory system: you only get out what you put in. And low-income earners don't put much in.
Their wages, and resulting super guarantee contributions, are small and their means to make large voluntary contributions are even smaller. Their super nest egg will inevitably be small compared to Australia's relatively generous Age Pension.
For example, a person who works full time at the minimum wage for their entire working life and contributes 9.5 per cent of their income to super would accumulate super of about $153,000 in today's money (wage deflated), making standard assumptions about returns and fees.
If the balance were drawn down at the minimum rates, this would provide a retirement income of about $6,500 a year in today's money.
By contrast, an Age Pension provides a single person with $22,800 a year. For someone who worked part time on the minimum wage for some or all of their working life, super would be even less, but the Age Pension would be pretty much the same.
Top-ups are not tightly targeted
The LISC and the super co-contribution aim to top up the super and thus the retirement incomes of those with low incomes. But our research shows about a quarter of the Government's support leaks out to support the top half of households.
Whereas eligibility for the pension is based on the income and assets of the whole household, including those of a spouse, eligibility for superannuation top-ups depends only on the income of the individual making contributions.
That means the top-ups also benefit low-income earners in high-income households. A far better way to help low-income earners is to increase income support payments such as the Age Pension.
Super top-ups provide some help to households in the second to fourth deciles of taxpayers. But they do very little for the bottom 10 per cent of those who file a tax return.
These households, many of which earn little if any income, only receive about 7 per cent of the benefits of top-ups.
A further set of households file no tax returns — typically because welfare benefits provide most of their income.
Very few of them receive any material super top-up.
Super fees erode super top-ups
Super fees will erode a sizeable share of the funds in the super accounts of low-income households as a result of super top-ups.
Our research shows that super fees levied on most workers receiving the LISC erode between 20 and 25 per cent of the value of the extra funds at retirement. This finding is consistent with previous Grattan work on super fees.
But super fees do not usually erode super top-ups as much as they erode contributions to super in general.
Fees eat up a higher proportion of the super savings of people with low balances because most fees have a fixed component that is the same whatever the account balance. In effect, the personal super contributions of low-income earners absorb that fixed component, which is typically the same whether or not Government tops up the account.
However for those with very low super savings and sporadic employment, fixed fees can erode the value of their super top-ups. That's because at some point in their lives, their super balances can drop close enough to zero, and fixed administration fees eat into the value generated by the top-up.
Some top-up is still needed
Superannuation compels people to lock up some of their earnings as savings until retirement.
High-income earners are compensated for this delayed access because their contributions are only taxed at 15 per cent, rather than their marginal rate of personal income tax.
Without the LISC, which reduces the tax rate on their compulsory super contributions to zero, those earning between $20,542 and $37,000 would receive relatively little compensation for locking up their money in superannuation.
The 15 per cent tax on contributions would be only slightly less than their 19 per cent marginal tax rate.
And for those earning less than $20,542, the absence of a LISC would take them backwards when they made super contributions taxed at 15 per cent rather than keeping the money in their pocket tax free.
Reflecting these concerns, the LISC, reborn as LISTO, appears crucial to gaining support in the Senate from Labor or the Greens for reforms to super tax breaks.
Continuing the offset is a reasonable price to pay to unwind billions of dollars in unnecessary super tax breaks.
Better ways to provide adequate incomes
Super top-ups should not be expanded. It is too hard to target them tightly at those most in need, and super fees can eat up their value.
Instead, a targeted boost to the Age Pension would do far more to ensure all Australians have an adequate retirement.
But there is an even better way to improve the retirement incomes of those most in need.
As previous Grattan research shows, retirees who do not own their own homes are the group at most risk of being poor in retirement. A $500 a year boost to rent assistance for eligible seniors would be the most efficient way to boost retirement incomes of the lowest paid, at a cost of $200 million a year.
Only 2 per cent of it would flow to the top half of households, with net wealth of more than $500,000.
By contrast, a wholesale $500 boost to all Age Pension recipients would cost $1.3 billion, with half the benefit going to households with net wealth of more than $500,000, mainly because the home is exempt from the Age Pension means test.
In defining an objective for Australia's superannuation system, the Government is right that super is not a universal pocket knife.
Super top-ups are a costly way to ensure that every Australian enjoys an adequate retirement.
John Daley is Chief Executive Officer, Brendan Coates is a Fellow, and William Young is an Associate, all of the Grattan Institute.
Originally published in The Conversation.
On the campaign trail, Donald Trump promised to fight media mergers that concentrated more power in fewer hands. But his Federal Communications Commission is paving the way for huge broadcasting companies to get even bigger.
Thursday night, the FCC unveiled a proposal to relax its media-ownership rules. The plan would lift a ban preventing companies from owning both a broadcast station and a newspaper in the same market, and ease restrictions on the number of television and radio stations a single owner can control in a market. The FCC is expected to vote on the proposal during its open meeting next month, and with Republicans in the majority at the agency, it will likely pass.
The proposal describes the changes as necessary to help broadcasters and newspapers compete against digital-media companies that face no restrictions on how many websites, apps, or streaming video services they can own. But the rules have already attracted controversy because they will most immediately benefit Sinclair Broadcast Group, which plans to buy Tribune Media for $3.9 billion.
"I think it has reached a point where all our media-policy decisions seem to be custom built for this one company, and I think it merits investigation," Democratic Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel said during a congressional oversight hearing Wednesday.
The new proposal is part of a series of FCC decisions that aid large broadcasters, and there are likely more to come.
Despite the growth of digital media in recent years, television is still the most common news source among Americans, according to a Pew Research study last year. About 46 percent of respondents often get at least some of their news from local TV. By comparison, 38 percent said they often get news online.
Sinclair owns 173 TV stations and Tribune owns 42. Together, the two companies estimate that they could reach 73 percent of US households.
Federal regulations generally limit the reach of a broadcasting company to 39 percent of US homes. In April, however, the FCC gave broadcasters additional wiggle room by reviving 1980s-era rules that allow Sinclair and other broadcasters to count some stations as reaching only half as many households as they can. According to an FCC filing, Sinclair will be 6.5 percent over the limit even with this "discount." In a conference call Thursday, senior FCC staffers said the FCC will review the national ownership limits by the end of the year.
Sinclair is generally seen as a conservative-leaning media organization. For example, it requires its stations to air particular content, including commentary from former Trump administration official Boris Epshteyn. Earlier this year, Politico reported that President Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner told business executives that the Trump campaign struck a deal with Sinclair for better coverage. That adds a political layer to what might otherwise be a technocratic debate over the appropriate level of competition in local news markets.
Senior FCC staffers denied that the rules were designed to benefit a particular company during the Thursday conference call. Indeed, not all of the changes proposed immediately benefit Sinclair. Tribune spun off its newspapers into a new company called Tronc last year, and neither it nor Sinclair own many radio stations, so the cross-ownership rules don't really affect the merger. But the FCC has made life easier for Sinclair this year.
Current regulations prohibit companies from owning two of the top four stations in a particular market. The FCC's new proposal would allow exemptions in markets where, for example, the size difference between the fourth largest and fifth largest is slight. It would also eliminate a rule that prohibits mergers that would reduce the total number of broadcast owners in a market to fewer than eight.
After acquiring Tribune, Sinclair would have 10 stations that run afoul of the old rules, including stations in markets like Seattle and St. Louis, according to FCC filings. The new rules could spare Sinclair from having to sell those stations, if it can get the necessary exemptions in time.
Earlier this week, the FCC voted to eliminate rules that required broadcast station owners to have a studio within 25 miles of the city where the station is licensed. The change will free companies like Sinclair from having to spend money on local studios in every community where they operate.
Buy Photo (From left:) Councilmembers Christopher Smitherman, Amy Murray and Kevin Flynn listen to residents speak about the ban on gay "conversion therapy." (Photo11: The Enquirer/Cara Owsley)Buy Photo
Almost two dozen pastors and citizens packed Cincinnati Council Chambers on Wednesday in an organized effort to stop a proposed city ban on so-called "conversion" therapy for gay youth.
In the end, council voted 7-2 to pass the law, which prohibits therapy designed to change sexual orientation or gender identity for minors, and imposes a $200-a-day fine on violators. Cincinnati follows four states – California, Oregon, Illinois and New Jersey – and the District of Columbia banning the therapy, becoming the first city outside of D.C. to do so.
Council members Amy Murray and Charlie Winburn were against imposing such a law.
Councilman Chris Seelbach (Photo11: Provided)
"This is about saving the lives of LGBT people," said Councilman Chris Seelbach, who led the effort to bring the ban to the city. He spoke of Leelah Alcorn, a transgender teenager who killed herself last December; her suicide note cited the controversial therapy to which she had been subjected.
"She challenged us to make her death matter, and we're doing just that," Seelbach said.
Twenty-one people spoke out against the ban during Council's comment period, decrying it as an assault on free speech and freedom of religion.
"I believe the city should stay out of this," said Dr. Dan Ferrell, a pastor. "It says something about you. Maybe other cities have better sense."
"This Council will create another another type of bondage for something people themselves have a right to seek liberty from," said Bishop Victor Cousins.
"I want government to stay out of the bedroom," said Edward Hyde.
No speakers identified themselves as conversion therapists.
The lone person speaking on behalf of the law, John Boggess, the Board Chairman of Equality Ohio, countered those against the ban, saying, "This is a matter of public safety."
Scott Greenwood, a local constitutional civil rights lawyer and gay rights activist said the law can withstand scrutiny.
Buy Photo Despite several ministers and other citizens speaking out against a ban on gay conversion therapy, City Council passed the ban, 7-2. (Photo11: The Enquirer/Cara Owsley)
"The people who referred to this as free speech or freedom of religion are misguided because if it's therapy, then it's medical therapy," Greenwood said. "By definition, that is not speech and not free exercise of religion.
"So, there is no problem regulating this. There is no First Amendment angle to this. It's misguided to favor this totally debunked junk science and claim that it is somehow protected as religious expression."
In April, President Barack Obama condemned gay conversion therapy, mentioning Alcorn. In her letter, Alcorn said her parents took her to Christian therapists, but it did not help.
Most mental-health professional organizations such as the American Psychological Association have spoken out against the therapeutic practice as not useful and possibly harmful to patients.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1Y2Vv2Z
and the Department of Homeland Security are quietly pushing for a set of crazy new rules. All travellers in the U.S. will be required to get government-issued credentials and official clearance before every flight, both within the United States and internationally.And Monday we received a new political action alert from Edward Hasbrouk, The Practical Nomad blogger who's been fighting the plan (and who testified about it at a TSA hearing). "The international Advance Passenger Information System rules were published, as 'final' effective February 19,2008, with no further opportunity for public comment even on the changes from the original proposal."Hasbrouck sees this as a very ominous development. "The Department of Homeland Security can now evade debate on the similar elements of their Secure Flight proposal by claiming that it's needed to 'harmonize' the domestic and international travel restrictions — as though travel within America was tantamount to and subject to the same government restrictions and controls as crossing international borders."The stakes are high — and air travel may never be the same. "The Secure Flight proposal also includes new and odious requirements that travelers display their government-issued credentials — not to government agents, but to airline personnel (staff or contractors), whenever the Department of Homeland Security orders the airline to demand them… " That alone will create a huge potential for abuse. "The proposed Secure Flight rules would leave travelers hopelessly at the mercy of any identity thief who claims to be an airline contractor (subcontractor, sub-subcontractor, etc.) demanding 'Your papers, please!' anywhere in an airport."But your personal information faces an even bigger risk. "In addition, the proposed rules would leave the airlines free to keep all the information obtained from travelers under government coercion, even after they've passed it on to the government. Your personal data would continue to be considered, at least in America, solely their property. Not yours..."According to Hasbrouk, the Identity Project — an organization defending our right to travel freely in our own country — has made requests under the Privacy Act and they "have uncovered many more details (and many more problems) with the U.S. government's dossiers of travel records, which include everything from what books travelers were carrying to phone numbers of friends and associates to whether they asked for one bed or two in their hotel room."Unfortunately, Monday, October 22 was the deadline for posting public comments on the proposed rules.But it's never too late to express your outrage... against another act in the continuing project to turn the United States into North Korea.
PayPal co-founder and venture capitalist Peter Thiel believes Bitcoin has succeeded as a currency, but still lacks as a payment system.
On October 15, Peter Thiel was invited to the University of Chicago Booth School of Business to speak about entrepreneurship and business practices for an event organized by the Polsky Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation.
The event was hosted by Booth School of Business' Norman R. Bobins Professor of Economics Randall Kroszner, and gathered more than 1,000 members of the University community, reported the Chicago Maroon.
Thiel started his talk with a critique of what he calls "a pervasive, pessimistic worldview" consisting in believing entrepreneurial successes can only happen with discoveries in limited fields:
"Basic geography and chemistry are two examples of areas in which there is nothing left to discover, but most fields are not like that. However, if we believe that there are no ‘secrets,' we're never going to find out. [...] There is a common belief that all of the low-hanging fruit has been picked. I'm telling you that it has always been intermediate-hanging fruit, and it is up to us to find it and pick it."
Thiel then argued, "Capitalism and competition are antonyms," as capitalism is defined as "a system, which results in the accumulation of capital." The entrepreneur said that "happy companies" were different, whereas "unhappy companies" were essentially the same as their competitors.
Further, Thiel claimed that monopolies are only considered as being harmful when artificially reducing supplies. The entrepreneur mentioned the cases of the iPhone and PayPal to illustrate this argument:
"When Apple released the iPhone, there was no reduction in the supply of smartphones, because it was the first one. With PayPal, which was built on the idea of combining cryptography and currency, we were the first to come up with a product among maybe 200 people in the world who were working on the idea."
Thiel also added that US patent and copyright laws were systems that rewarded innovation with monopoly.
Finally, Thiel addressed the topic of digital currencies, qualifying Bitcoin as a product "which was founded on the same set of ideas as PayPal, but which was developed in an entirely different direction." The difference between Bitcoin and PayPal, the entrepreneur said, is that unlike PayPal, Bitcoin succeeded in developing a currency:
"Bitcoin is the opposite of PayPal, in the sense that it actually succeeded in creating a currency. [...] However, its payment system is lacking, and it is often used to make illegal transactions, such as to buy heroin."
While admitting the success of the technology, Thiel said he would remain skeptical "until Bitcoin is used to make more legal transactions."
Peter Thiel is a German-American entrepreneur, venture capitalist and hedge fund manager, known to have co-founded acquirer and online payment processor PayPal. In 2010, Thiel created the Thiel Fellowship through the Thiel Foundation, which provides each year 20 people under the age of 20 a total of US$100,000 over two years, as well as guidance and other resources to pursue entrepreneurial projects.
While Thiel might seem “skeptical,” PayPal has multiplied its efforts to integrate Bitcoin within its system. In early September, PayPal-owned online and mobile payments platform Braintree, announced it had partnered up with Bitcoin payments solutions provider Coinbase to enable merchants to accept the digital currency as a payment option.
While a couple of weeks later, PayPal Senior Director of Corporate Strategy Scott Ellison announced partnerships with Coinbase, BitPay and GoCoin to facilitate immediate Bitcoin functionality to the first round of merchants based in North America.
Did you enjoy this article? You may also be interested in reading these:
The Bully Will Keep On Getting Away With Harassing Others Until People Stop Falling For His Victim Act
Police have recently stated on the record that:
Resisting police desires may be labeled “violence” … even if the police desires are unlawful
Curling up in a ball to avoid police violence may be considered “active resistance” … justifying the use of more force, including baton strikes
Indeed, in modern America, even being worried that the government is acting in a bullying manner can literally get one arrested, committed to a psychiatric ward or labeled as a terrorist.
(Of course, if you speak out too much against the government, even worse things could happen to you.)
In other words, the government is using the age-old bully's trick: pretending that the victim is the attacker, and the bully is merely defending himself.
The same is true in terms of our foreign policy. For example, when we accidentally kill foreigners, we pretend that they were armed or pretend that they were “militants”.
The government invaded Iraq because it claims Saddam had weapons of mass destruction and that he had a hand in 9/11 … but everyone knew that both claims were false.
The bully claims that “9/11 changed everything”, that we live in a “post -9/11 world” and that the Constitution is no longer realistic after 9/11. But the fact is that spying on Americans, the militarization of police, and the wars in Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran and throughout the Middle East and North Africa were all planned before 9/11.
And the bully's pretense of victimhood goes even further …
Just as the murderers you've seen on tv will sometimes hit themselves with something to make it look like they were the one attacked, governments often attack themselves in order to drum up sympathy and a “justification” for “defending” themselves. See this.
The bully will keep on getting away with harassing others until people stop falling for his victim act.
Postscript: This is not a problem of one party or the other. As Owen Jones notes today in the Telegraph:
Getting rid of Dubya wasn't enough. The US remains a bully. The issue isn't Obama, any more than it was Bush before him. The issue is [the abuse of] US power.
Bush was a frontman for the bullies … just like Obama:
Andrews: Trump or Clinton will be President. Here's how to decide who to vote for.
My name is Andy Andrews. I am a husband and a father. I have written several books, a couple of which have been moderately successful. In a national discussion of celebrity, money, or power, however, I would not be mentioned.
My family and friends love me though, and in Alabama, where I was born, I like to believe there are those who are happy that I still live here. As for my books, they seem to defy conventional literary description and are most often characterized as “stories of common sense.” That's fine with me. In fact, it's exactly what I was after all along.
Through the years, for whatever reason, I decided to make “common sense” my personal quest. The most important part of that quest, I determined, would be to somehow develop the ability to harness common sense for the benefit of other people. Specifically, I prayed to learn how to take complicated subjects that were confusing people and explain to them the “bottom line truth” in a simple, understandable fashion. I wanted to be able to do this in order that they might utilize that understanding in ways that would make their lives better—that would prosper them and their families.
That brings me to today, the looming 2016 presidential election, and perhaps the most critically important issue I have ever attempted to explain:
Why You Must Vote
(even if you must hold your nose while doing so. And…)
Why There Are Only Two Candidates from Which to Choose
First, allow me to say that I am not an admirer of either candidate. I never have been. My wife and I have two teenaged sons and, like you, we are aware that manners and good behavior are a reflection of character. That said, it is ironic that many of us now find ourselves in the position of choosing a president of the United States whose conduct we would not tolerate in our own family.
But choose we must, for this is the first election in our lifetimes that has virtually nothing to do with the “personality” who will serve as our president. This election is about the Supreme Court.
This time, forget everything else. Forget crimes that may have been committed. Forget any alleged sexual assault. Forget the possibility of treasonous acts, adultery, fraud, vindictiveness, and mean or childish behavior. Think only of the Supreme Court. For the first time in your life, you really are about to determine what this country will be like for the rest of your life. This is true, also, for the lives of your children and your children's children.
As a people, we have not had a choice before us with more power to heal or destroy since the civil war. The United States of America is clearly about to move down one of two roads. No rhetoric can disguise either path. And once the Supreme Court is in place, no Congress or Senate can change that path.
This coming Tuesday, November 8, 2016, you and I will choose which of two people will become president. Soon after being inaugurated, that person will begin the process of selecting the person who will fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court—the one who will tip the scales one way or the other. Laws will be upheld or overturned. New laws will be imposed or not. In either case, the way you are allowed to live will soon be determined by the Supreme Court. The court's majority will be determined by the new president. But one thing is certain: after Tuesday, you will have no more say in the matter.
Lest you think this might be a temporary situation, able to be shifted or redone by the next president, it is critical to understand that whichever of the two major candidates we elect this Tuesday will be the person who will set the Supreme Court in stone for generations. The person we elect this Tuesday will not be making one Supreme Court appointment, but perhaps as many as four!
Considering possible retirements and death, look at the court's current makeup: The vacant seat is that of Justice Scalia who recently died at the age of 79. Of the eight justices that remain, five—Roberts, Thomas, Alito, Sotomayor, and Kagan—are under the age of 70. The rest are far older. Justice Breyer is 78, Justice Kennedy is 80, and Justice Ginsburg is 83 and has been treated for pancreatic cancer.
Supreme Court appointments are for life. This means that the justices serve until they resign, retire, or die. Therefore, a president able to appoint even one member of the court is able to determine the direction of the country. Especially in the situation that exists at present…
The court has voted 5-4 on crucial decisions for years. The swing vote (Scalia) died. The person we elect as president this Tuesday will appoint Scalia's replacement—the new swing vote.
Pay Close Attention: During the next four years of the president's term, he or she will likely appoint a second Supreme Court justice. The votes on crucial decisions will then be decided by a vote of 6-3. The opportunity to appoint a third and even a fourth justice to the court will allow whomever we elect on Tuesday the ability to cement the Supreme Court's voting—think 7-2 or imagine 8-1—for as long as you live.
So it all comes down to this:
First, be aware that there is no possibility of a third party winning this election. None. Therefore, a vote for a third party candidate is a wasted vote. “But I am voting my conscience,” you say. Fine. Just remember that it will be your body (not your conscience) and your children who will live in the world our Supreme Court is about to create. Forever.
Do you want a say in what that world will be like? I'm sorry, but there are only two choices. Him or her.
Yes, I understand. You are furious at being put in a position to have to choose between the “lesser of two evils.” I do understand. It is infuriating. On the other hand, you must understand that “the lesser of two evils” is the only choice you've ever had in any election in which you've ever voted in your life! Jesus has never run for office. That leaves only the rest of us—you and me—well-meaning, good-hearted people who, despite our best intentions, have still managed to lie, cheat, and say things out loud for which we remain grateful to this day that no one recorded during what we thought was a private conversation.
It is time to put away our self-righteousness. It is time to wake up and understand that we have no ability—zero—to make either candidate feel our contempt with our vote. Even if we did, they would not care! ONE OF THESE TWO PEOPLE WILL BE THE NEXT PRESIDENT. Neither you nor I will change that fact by voting for someone else or by not voting at all.
The only way you can possibly vote this time and have it matter is to vote for the America in which you wish to live. That America will be defined by the Supreme Court justices chosen by one of the two major candidates.
For once in our lives, whatever “President” we have to watch on television for the next four years doesn't matter. We have all suffered through four or eight years of one presidential face or another and, this time, we will do it again. That face will not matter. In the long run, that person's name will not matter. ONLY THE JUSTICES THAT PERSON CHOOSES FOR THE SUPREME COURT MATTERS!
Remember that whoever the president of the United States is…whoever the president might ever be—despite the amount of television time they get, no matter the round office and forget the cool plane—that person's actual power, his or her ability to truly affect your day-to- day life, is extremely limited. Congress, Senate, the will of the people, the approval of the media…all are very real factors that prey upon a president's ability to do as he or she wishes.
The Supreme Court, on the other hand, is under no such constraints. Once appointed, there is virtually no oversight or even influence that can be brought to bear. The media? Polls? Voters? There is no quarterly review, no coming election. A Supreme Court justice is appointed for life. His or her word is, quite literally, the law. These are the big laws, the ones that determine your daily life.
And the only chance you have to shape those laws is by electing the person who chooses the members of the court. So hold your nose if you wish, there are only two choices…
Here's how you decide who to vote for:
Both major candidates have announced exactly the kind of justices they will choose for the Supreme Court if elected. One candidate has even listed the names of the judges from which the choice will be made. Your choice will be plain to see and easy to make. Again, your choice is not about a person. In the most literal sense, your choice is about the America in which you wish to live.
Knowing there are many issues that will be determined by the Supreme Court, let's quickly examine only a few. From here, you will easily understand the direction you wish to take.
Second Amendment
Do you believe that guns are inherently bad? Do you believe that there are too many guns, that gun manufacturers should be held responsible for what individuals do with them, and that the government needs to further restrict the public's right to own and use guns? If so, you must vote for her. She has publicly promised to appoint judges that will make these beliefs the basis for laws by which we all will live for the rest of our lives.
Or do you believe strongly in the “right to bear arms”? Do you believe that further gun restrictions will only restrict the access honest citizens have to firearms and ammunition? Do you believe that a gun—while dangerous—is a tool like a car and that when used incorrectly, it is the fault of a person, not the fault of the tool? If so, you must vote for him. He has publicly promised to appoint judges that will make laws according to this line of thinking. At that point, we will live with those laws for the rest of our lives.
And this Second Amendment issue will be determined by the Supreme Court.
Abortion
Do you believe that the fetus inside a pregnant woman is a tissue mass and that a woman should be able to rid her body of that tissue mass at any time during the nine months prior to that tissue mass being born? Do you believe that tissue mass only becomes a human being once it is outside the woman's body? Do you believe that your tax dollars should be used to allow anyone who chooses, for whatever reason, to rid their body of that tissue mass?
Do you believe that counseling centers, funded by churches, set up for the purpose of encouraging adoption should be forced by law to offer abortion counseling as an alternative? If so, you must vote for her. She has publicly promised to appoint judges that will enforce these beliefs into laws by which you and I must live for the rest of our lives.
Or do you believe that the baby inside a mother is a human being? Do you believe that life has a purpose and that, from the moment of conception, each and every child is unique and valuable?
Do you believe that you should not be forced to fund Planned Parenthood—the largest abortion provider in America—with your tax dollars? Do you believe more than 50 million government-approved abortions in the United States since 1970 are enough? If so, you must vote for him. He has publicly promised to appoint judges that will reduce, restrict, and eventually do away with abortion on demand and what you believe will be made into laws by which you and I will live for the rest of our lives.
And this abortion issue will be determined by the Supreme Court.
Immigration
Do you believe the United States should move toward a policy of “open borders”? Do you believe undocumented persons in the United States illegally should not only be allowed to stay, but issued driver's licenses, food stamps, and provided medical care? Do you believe that if someone wishes to enter our country, they have every right to do so without explanation? If so, you must vote for her, for she has publicly promised to appoint judges that will reverse laws currently on the books regarding immigration. These laws will eventually lead to her stated “dream of open borders” and a new way of life for us all.
Or do you believe that America's borders are her first line of defense? Do you believe that the word “illegal” means just that? Do you believe that only legally recognized citizens of America have a right to her benefits and protection as provided by your tax dollars? Do you believe America has not only the right, but the responsibility to carefully vet those who seek to enter our country? If so, you must vote for him, for he has publicly promised to appoint judges that will make and defend laws in line with those beliefs.
Regulatory Oversight
Do you believe the government is more capable of determining how your money should be used? Do you believe the government is better able to determine how your children should be educated? Do you believe the government should determine who can do business where and with whom? Do you believe a person should be given priority because of what they believe, what they are, or what they believe they are? If so, you must vote for her, for she has publicly promised to appoint judges who will open our borders, our bathrooms, and our wallets. She has promised laws to punish those who do not agree.
Or do you believe you can decide what's best for your family? Do you believe that if you earn a certain amount of money you should be able to keep and reinvest the largest part of it to benefit those things you decide are important? Do you believe the government has been created to serve the people, not the other way around? If so, you must vote for him, for he has publicly promised to appoint judges whose rulings allow prosperity for those who work to deserve it.
These are but a few examples of the two pathways you will choose this Tuesday, November 8, 2016. Religious freedom, taxes and the economy, healthcare…in every category you examine, you'll find drastic differences in the America that will be shaped by this election. Don't be fooled—how you vote matters, because the Supreme Court matters.
So what kind of America will we have for the rest of our lives? This time, you actually get to choose.
