News
STOLAS SIGNS TO EQUAL VISION RECORDS; NEW ALBUM OUT SPRING 2017
December 7, 2016
Las Vegas, NV-based progressive-rock outfit Stolas has signed to Equal Vision Records. The three-piece band has also just completed the recording of their third full-length album with producer Mike Watts (Glassjaw, The Dear Hunter, Hopesfall), which will be released in Spring 2017 and will explore lyrical concepts of addiction, corruption, greed, anxiety, and multiverse theories. The new album is the first of the band's discography to feature lead vocals from drummer Carlo Marquez; And follows the release of two full-length albums on Blue Swan Records: Allomaternal (2014) and Living Creatures (2013).
The band recently announced their first tour of 2017, where they will serve as direct support to The Number Twelve Looks Like You. Stolas will also perform at the second annual Night of The Blue Swan shows. All upcoming tour dates can be found below.
NEW ALBUM TEASER: youtube.com/equalvision
“Equal Vision furnished my generation with so many terrific bands, like Coheed and Cambria, who – on top of being progenitors of our genre – also write impactful music. With Stolas, I feel that same potential to connect with people in a lasting way, and Equal Vision exclusively deals in that kind of band,” shares bassist RJ Reynolds.
Guitarist Sergio Medina adds, “I have always wanted to work with Equal Vision in some capacity. Since high school, it's been a goal of mine. Based on our style of music, and Equal Vision's alumni being so musically versatile, I just feel it's a good home for us.”
Stolas is comprised of Carlo Marquez (lead vocals/drums), RJ Reynolds (bass), and Sergio Medina (guitar/vocals). The band will also feature additional live performance/touring members at the upcoming shows.
TOUR DATES
Night of The Blue Swan
Dec 11 West Hollywood, CA @ The Roxy Theatre
Dec 17 Orangevale, CA @ The Boardwalk
The Number Twelve Looks Like You w/Stolas and Fero Lux
Jan 05 San Diego, CA @ Soda Bar
Jan 06 Phoenix, AZ @ The Rebel Lounge
Jan 07 West Hollywood, CA @ Roxy Theatre
Jan 08 Fresno, CA @ Strummer's
Jan 09 San Francisco, CA @ Brick and Mortar
Jan 10 Redding, CA @ The Dip
Jan 11 Portland, OR @ Analog Café
Jan 12 Seattle, WA @ El Corazon
Jan 13 Boise, ID @ WavePOP House
Jan 14 Salt Lake City, UT @ Kilby Court
I'm trying to figure out a solution of stacking or “packing” a series of rectangles and squares into blocks of 3x1 or 6x2 so that there isn't a block with a protruding element and an uneven end. The width of the blocks can be a maximum of 3, before it has to break on another line. Image link below.
I have tried using 3 systems of measurements, Width + Height, Space (Num of single blocks an element occupies) + Width, Space + Height.
There are 5 possible elements that the grid can use. Image link below.
Using the S + H paradigm they are:
Name | SpaceX Height Large - 4 x 2 Fullwidth - 3 x 1 Horizontal - 2 x 1 Vertical - 2 x 2 Item(Single) - 1 x 1
So far the logic has taken me to the situation that a block will always be either 3x1 or 6x2 . If the spaces taken exceed 3, it means the block must be at least 2 blocks tall, e.g if there are 2 elements with a total of 4 spaces the remaining elements must occupy only 2 spaces.
I've excluded the possibility of 9x3 for simplicity.
Horizontal + Item Horizontal = 2 x 1
2 spaces 1 Tall.
Doesn't fill out a row so we need another element.
Item = 1 x 1
2 + 1 = 3 Spaces
1 = 1 = 1 Tall
Horizontal + Item = 3x1.
Item + Item + Item 1x1 = 1 Space 1 Tall
1x1 + 1x1 = 2 Spaces 1 Tall
1x1 + 1x1 + 1x1 = 3 Spaces 1 Tall
Item + Item + Item = 3x1.
Horizontal + Horizontal + Vertical 2x1 = 2 Space 1 Tall
2x1 + 2x1 = 4 Space 1 Tall
Spaces are > 3, therefore the block must be 6x2 in the end. There are 4 spaces which means there must be elements added so they occupy 2 more spaces and be 2 tall.
2x1 + 2x1 + 2x2 = 6 Spaces 2 Tall
I'm not sure if I'm close to a solution or way off.
The actual order of which elements are put in first doesn't matter as I'm using an external library to place them in coherent blocks which handles that logic.
E.g Horizontal + Horizontal + Vertical == Horizontal + Vertical + Horizontal .
The logic will be written in PHP if that helps.
Image link here
Help strengthen Denton's economy – by riding a bike and walking. According to AAA, Americans spend an average of $9,641 on their cars per year. Now imagine that amount staying in your vicinity. Now imagine 2,000 other Dentonites doing that. That's $19,282,000.
On the heels of Fortworthology's article, Boost the Local Economy – Cut Car Ownership, I finally made a graphic to show the geography of where I spend my money in Denton by foot and by bike. Back when I drove everywhere, this bubble was so huge that it passed the city limits, as I might've driven to Costco in Lewsiville or Sprouts Market in Flower Mound. Even within Denton, I used to spend far more money at the Loop 288 stores than I do now, but that was years ago.
Now I get my groceries, coffee, laundry, hardware, and just about anything else I need by bike or on foot. As shown in the above graphic, the businesses in my bike-friendly bubble have hugely benefitted. But the benefit is two-fold. Not only is my spending localized, but having sold one car, I have far more money to spend, so the effect is amplified. The money that I would've spent on car payments, fuel, and insurance is now funding that fancy dessert, or that generous tip for a deserved waiter, or ice cream at Beth Maries, or a nice bottle of beer from the Midway Mart. All in all, the bubble has almost everything I need for a cozy existence.
As ridership continues to grow, I'm seeing bikes chained to handrails everywhere (in lieu of racks), and I know I'm not the only one spending within the bubble. It's self-reinforcing. Add some bike lanes, bike-friendly signals, and racks, and we'll bolster the local economy and jobs market even more.
As the city council election cycle ramps up toward May, you'll hear endless candidate quotes about encouraging business growth in Denton. Most candidates will focus on business regulation and taxation, road expansion, etc. Don't be afraid to suggest that we could retain that extra ~$20 million by getting 2,000 more people to bike or walk. We know transportation and economic development are intertwined, so let's consider more than just car parking spots and road expansion.
This image from ctdatahaven.org shows how much money D.C. got back by reducing car ownership by 15,000, despite the same amount of population growth:
Advertisements
Omri Casspi will reportedly play for the veteran minimum next season with the Warriors.
That's about $2.1 million.
He turned down a 1-year, $4.5 million deal from a team that will likely miss the playoffs, according to ESPN's Zach Lowe.
That's a lot of money to leave on the table, but as Lowe wrote, "he also wanted to play for a ring."
Shortly after Casspi agreed to terms with Golden State, he received welcome texts from Steve Kerr and Kevin Durant.
Those messages were "a dream come true."
In 2015-16 with the Kings, Casspi made 112 3-pointers and shot 41 percent from distance.
Last year, Casspi was in and out of Dave Joerger's rotation the first couple months of the season, and then missed 18 games before the All-Star break because of a right plantaris tendon strain.
He played for three teams and his numbers dropped off significantly.
The 29-year old won't play big minutes with the Warriors, but he should get plenty of open looks...
Drew Shiller is the co-host of Warriors Outsiders and a Web Producer at NBC Sports Bay Area. Follow him on Twitter @DrewShiller
Masked Scheduler's Ratings Smackdown I want to finish up on my claim that "Prison Break" and "Lost" shared far more in common when compared with the three sci-fi shows that tried to capitalize on the success of "Lost."
It seems that, over the weekend, Screener teased my post about the connection between the two shows making it appear like I offered an answer when I didn't. I received some complaints about it, and for that I apologize.
As I said, "Prison Break" was a very high-testing pilot. There were several factors that contributed to that. Like "Lost," both shows had a depth of high-testing characters. They were diverse, intriguing and, most importantly, there was a mystery to them. Both shows also figured out a device to tell the backstories of the characters so as to better understand their actions and motivations.
The second factor that the testing on "Prison Break" revealed, that also applied to "Lost," was the notion of constraint. Whereas the sci-fi "Lost" wannabes told stories of global proportions, "Prison Break" and "Lost" were limited in their playing fields, i.e. the island and the prison. The environment was another character. Limiting boundaries in telling a story can be a valuable tool. Think about "Big Brother."
Finally, the third commonality that we found in the "Prison Break" testing and that applied to "Lost" as well was the challenge of escape. These characters that we cared about were tasked with the challenge of leaving the constraining environment.
When I was leaving FOX, I was asked what was not on television at the moment, and one of the first things I said were we need more islands -- they always work as a storytelling device.
***
"Better Call Saul" returns tonight, and with "Fargo" and "The Leftover" on the way I did catch-up over the weekend on "Fresh Off the Boat," "The Goldbergs," "Modern Family," "The Big Bang Theory" and "Outsiders." I still have "Humans" and "Underground" on the DVR.
Last night's sked:
- "Homeland" (Showtime, L+SD) I really enjoyed this season, and great setup for next year. Scary relevant.
- "Billions" (Showtime, L+SD) If you don't watch I highly recommend that you do
- "Girls" (HBO, L+SD)
Wanna tweet me? @maskedscheduler, or email masked.scheduler@gmail.com.
Broadcast primetime live + same-day ratings for Sunday, April 9, 2017
Note: CBS' live coverage of The Masters may result in greater adjustments than usual in the final ratings.
The numbers for Sunday:
Time Show Adults 18-49 Rating/Share Viewers (millions) 7 p.m. Masters overrun (CBS) 2.8/12 15.03 America's Funniest Home Videos (ABC) 0.7/3 4.58 Little Big Shots (NBC) – R 0.6/3 4.13 The Simpsons (FOX) – R 0.4/2 1.34 7:30 p.m. Bob's Burgers (FOX) – R 0.5/2 1.31 8 p.m. 60 Minutes (CBS) 1.5/5 11.06 Little Big Shots (NBC) 1.3/5 8.63 The Simpsons (FOX) – R 0.8/3 1.85 Once Upon a Time (ABC) 0.7/3 2.61 8:30 p.m. Making History (FOX) – R 0.6/2 1.33 9 p.m. NCIS: Los Angeles (CBS) 1.1/4 9.24 Chicago Justice (NBC) 0.9/3 5.45 Family Guy (FOX) – R 0.8/3 1.77 Match Game (ABC) 0.7/3 2.97 9:30 p.m. The Last Man on Earth (FOX) – R 0.5/2 1.36 10 p.m. Madam Secretary (CBS) 0.7/3 6.54 Shades of Blue (NBC) 0.7/3 3.99 American Crime (ABC) 0.4/2 1.73
ABC's “Once Upon a Time” slipped to a series low Sunday night. Its 0.7 rating among adults 18-49 was down a tenth of a point from the previous week, which had been the low point for the show. Not everything was bad news for the network, however, as “Match Game” (0.7) was up a tenth and “American Crime” was steady at 0.4.
CBS led the night thanks in no small part to The Masters golf tournament running an hour into primetime. That hour drew a 2.8 rating, pending updates. Airing later than usual, “NCIS: Los Angeles” (1.1) and “Madam Secretary” (0.7) matched their last episodes, pending updates; “Elementary” was pre-empted.
“Little Big Shots,” “Chicago Justice” and “Shades of Blue” all held at their numbers from a week ago. FOX aired a full night of repeats.
Network averages:
CBS NBC ABC FOX Adults 18-49 rating/share 1.5/6 0.9/3 0.6/2 0.6/2 Total Viewers (millions) 10.47 5.55 2.97 1.49
Definitions:
Rating: Estimated percentage of the universe of TV households (or other specified group) tuned to a program in the average minute. Ratings are expressed as a percent.
Fast Affiliate Ratings: These first national ratings are available at approximately 11 a.m. ET the day after telecast. The figures may include stations that did not air the entire network feed, as well as local news breaks or cutaways for local coverage or other programming. Fast Affiliate ratings are not as useful for live programs and are likely to differ significantly from the final results, because the data reflect normal broadcast feed patterns.
Share (of Audience): The percent of households (or persons) using television who are tuned to a specific program, station or network in a specific area at a specific time.
Time Shifted Viewing: Program ratings for national sources are produced in three streams of data – Live, Live +Same-Day and Live +7 Day. Time-shifted figures account for incremental viewing that takes place with DVRs. Live+SD includes viewing during the same broadcast day as the original telecast, with a cut-off of 3 a.m. local time when meters transmit daily viewing to Nielsen for processing. Live +7 ratings include viewing that takes place during the 7 days following a telecast.
Source: The Nielsen Company.
Google has released an experimental browser plugin that will make it possible to display rich 3D graphics in Web content. Google hopes that the plugin will stimulate discussion within the Web development community and contribute to a nascent effort headed by the Khronos group to bring 3D graphics to the Web.
The plugin provides an implementation of O3D, a new API conceived by Google that facilitates the development of interactive 3D Web applications. It can be used to programmatically create and manipulate 3D graphics with the JavaScript programming language. It's far more sophisticated and ambitious than some of Google's previous experiments with 3D Web content, such as the ill-fated Lively service. The source code of the plugin is distributed under the open source BSD license, which broadly permits third-party developers to study, modify, and redistribute the plugin software.
The Khronos group, the organization behind the OpenGL standard, announced plans last month to bring 3D graphics to the Web in collaboration with Mozilla. Khronos and Mozilla have encouraged other browser vendors and Web standards stakeholders to participate in the effort and contribute to the process. Mozilla has already released its own experimental 3D plugin, which closely mirrors the standard OpenGL APIs.
Google's O3D API takes a different approach and is not directly compatible with Mozilla's plugin. The significant differences between the two APIs articulate alternate perspectives and illuminate different paths to solving the same problem.
Although this fragmentation might seem troubling, it's important to remember that the process of standardizing 3D Web APIs is still at an extremely early stage. The availability of two different APIs with their own respective open source implementations will help to shed light on the relative strengths and weaknesses of the different approaches.
I spoke with Google product manager Henry Bridge and engineering director Matt Papakipos about Google's interest in 3D graphics and the purpose of the plugin. They contend that enabling interactive 3D Web applications will help to advance Google's chief goal, which is to make information more useful and accessible. Specifically, they would like to bring applications like Google Earth and SketchUp into the browser and lay a strong foundation for facilitating future innovation. The technology could be put to use in a wide variety of contexts, they say, ranging from 3D games to powerful data visualizations.
The initial implementation is being delivered as a plugin so that it can be put to use right away in all mainstream browsers. The plugin is fully cross-platform compatible and all of the platforms are supported in a single code base. When the technology matures and the standardization process is complete, the technology will arrive in browsers and will be supported natively alongside other Web content.
Google believes that the standardization process will take several years, during which the APIs will change considerably and evolve based on feedback from the Web development community. The work done in this space by Google and Mozilla will likely converge along the way. Google says that their work complements Mozilla's and that the projects should not be viewed as competitors. On a technical level, the most noteworthy difference is that Mozilla's plugin is designed around immediate mode rendering whereas Google's is designed to provide retained mode.
The O3D plugin leverages hardware accelerated rendering, which means that it is powered by the GPU and can deliver strong rendering performance. The API supports loading 3D models, much like Mozilla's high-level C3DL library. Google has published several open source demos which show how the API can be used to build interactive 3D Web applications with JavaScript. One of the demos even features a JavaScript physics engine.
The plugin is primarily being made available for software developers and is generally not intended for production use. Because the APIs are subject to considerable change, it is still far too early for the technology to be adopted outside the scope of testing and experimentation. At this stage, Google is very eager to receive constructive feedback from developers and see what people will do with the APIs.
Third-party experimentation will provide insight into which aspects of the technology work and which need improvement. In that sense, the O3D plugin is being released in much the same spirit as Google's Native Client plugin, which we looked at last year.
Google's participation in the effort to build 3D Web standards is a promising sign that the concept is gaining traction. As HTML 5 imbues browsers with native support for video and raster graphics, it is becoming increasingly clear that standards-based rich media will play a major role in the future of the Web. Delivering accelerated 3D graphics seems like the next logical step for empowering the open Web.
Further reading
A search or arrest warrant can be served to drug suspects but not a “death warrant,” Senator Francis “Chiz” Escudero said on Monday.
Escudero, member of the majority bloc in the Senate, was reacting to the predawn drug raid in Ozamiz City on Sunday that reportedly left 15 people dead, including its mayor, Reynaldo Parojinog, and some of his family members.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I will not be surprised if one of my colleagues will file a resolution to investigate what happened and given that both cases in the Albuera mayor and the Ozamiz City mayor, they were both suspected of having drug links,” the senator said in an interview over ABC-CBN News Channel's morning show, Headstart, when asked if the Senate should probe the Ozamiz drug raid.
He was referring to Albuera, Leyte Mayor Rolando Espinosa Sr. who was also killed in a predawn drug raid inside his detention cell in November last year.
“But that often by itself does not merit a death warrant. Search warrant siguro, oo. Arrest warrant siguro, oo, but not a death warrant,” Escudero said.
Any investigation, he said, should look into possible “overkill” used by the authorities when they served the search warrant to Parojinos' residence at 2:30 am.
“Ang nakakapagtaka lang pinangalanan na siya ni Pangulong Duterte bilang isa sa mga narcopoliticians; ba't ka pa magtatago ng droga sa bahay mo? I mean, it's out of the ordinary unless ganun din kalakas ang loob. ‘Di ko alam,” said the senator.
(What's curious is that he was already named by Duterte as one of the narcopoliticians; why would you still hide drugs in your house? I mean, it's out of the ordinary unless you're really brave. I don't know.)
Duterte earlier tagged the late Parojinog and daughter, Vice Mayor Nova Princess Parojinog Echavez, as among those on the list of alleged narcopoliticians in the country. The vice mayor is now under the custody of the police.
But Escudero said he was not ready yet to say if the police in the Ozamiz drug raid had committed any violations.
“(P)ero siguro dapat magpaliwanag pa at mag-esplika pa ang kapulisan kung ano nga ba ang nangyari, bakit nagkaganon?”
ADVERTISEMENT
(But the police should explain what really happened, why did it happen that way.)
“Hindi naman pwedeng (It shouldn't be that) we were met by a valley of fire and everyone is killed and nobody is killed in our side. They should, I think, be more detailed in their explanation in the next couple of hours or days,” the senator added. JE/rga
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Another proposal for Army engine plant
FILE: Stratord Army Engine Plant FILE: Stratord Army Engine Plant Photo: Morgan Kaolian AEROPIX, Connecticut Post Contributed Photo: Morgan Kaolian AEROPIX, Connecticut Post Contributed Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Another proposal for Army engine plant 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
STRATFORD -- The federal government has green-lighted yet another proposal from a company seeking to purchase, remediate and develop the long-vacant Army engine plant property.
Point Stratford Renewal, a collaboration of at least three separate Connecticut companies, won approval from the General Services Administration on Monday to enter into a purchase and sale agreement to redevelop the sprawling waterfront brownfield. The companies joined on the project include Plainville-based Loureiro Properties LLC, Hartford-based Development Resources LLC and Greenwich-based Sedgwick Partners LLC.
The pending deal is the latest in a long line of proposals to get the 78-acre parcel back on the town's tax roles. If the current developer is successful, the project could be a major turnaround for Stratford, a town that for years has sought a renewal of what was once the site of one of the region's biggest employers.
Neither Mayor John Harkins nor his staff have met with the selected developers or had an opportunity to review their proposal.
"We are excited, but we don't want to jump the gun," said Marc Dillon, Harkins' chief of staff. "When they announce the sale, we'll have something to talk about."
Point Stratford Renewal has until Nov. 6 to execute a purchase and sale agreement for the property, according to an approval letter from the GSA.
At this point, it's unclear whether the site would be developed for housing, retail or industry. But Dillon said it's his understanding that it would be developed for light industrial use.
"It's not going to be affordable housing or a 500-square-foot museum or something like that," he said. "It's going to be light industrial use, but from my understanding (the developers) are somewhat flexible. It's going to be based on what the market will bear."
One failed development plan after another has been proposed for the Army plant, a site littered with an undetermined amount of contamination. The Army stopped manufacturing there nearly two decades ago, turning the property over to the town. But the town made no progress, so the federal government took it back in 2007.
The biggest obstacle to the property's sale has been the federal government's unwillingness to detoxify the property. The cost of cleaning up the factory grounds has been estimated in the millions.
In 2008, the GSA tried to sell the property in a live online auction. The result was a $9.6 million deal to transform the site into a campus of multimedia production studios under the name Hollywood East. The sale ultimately collapsed because investors couldn't secure enough funding.
Last year, the federal government rejected a local real estate developer's proposal to build a destination resort at the plant. Milford-based developer Bob Hartmann of Hartmann Development submitted the only bid in the GSA's third attempt that year to auction off the brownfield. The two prior auctions drew no bidders.
The plant has a long history in aviation and military history. It was built in 1929 by Sikorsky Aircraft for construction of seaplanes. The seaplanes, including the "Flying Clipper," were used during the two world wars, pioneering international routes across the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
During World War II, the plant constructed military aircraft, including the Corsair, a fighter-bomber aircraft.
The plant closed in 1998 when production was shipped out of state, resulting in thousands of jobs lost.
Meanwhile, it sits virtually unused while the taxpayers foot the multimillion dollar bill for utilities and a maintenance crew to tend to the property.
In a prepared statement, U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., said he looks forward to a renaissance at the Army property that will bring jobs and economic growth to the town and the rest of the state.
"Better late than never -- this step is a breakthrough for beneficial use of an historic site," he said.
blyte@ctpost.com; 203-330-6426; http://twitter.com/blyte
Last time out in my “Training a new FM Player” series I discussed how to build your squad and how to select a starting formation. This time out I want to talk about how to adapt the formation to get the best from the players at your disposal.
Tactical Creator and its limitations
The TC does a good job at defining roles within your team. You can select from a multitude of roles and responsibilities which will be slightly modified based on your overall team settings. The TC is designed for “plug and play managers”. I have been playing FM since yester year when TC was a pipe dream. I am not a “plug and play” manager, however I do use TC as a starting position then adjust settings in an attempt to produce my desired results. The TC is rigid, it does not have the ability to adjust fields based on other roles you wish to use and also doesn't look at an individual player's attributes. Obviously this is by design. If it did all these things then the only decision making skills you would need would be who to buy and sell. For me part of the joys of the game are tinkering and procrastinating over player instructions in an attempt to get the best out of individuals' attributes and create a formation that produces a style of play that will win championships. It doesn't always have to be pretty but it does have to be effective. The multitude of combinations you can achieve using instructions such as Mentality, Run from Deep, Roaming and Wide play can produce a huge variety of completely different shapes and playing styles within a predefined formation. Knowing how to use these instructions adds layers to a team and can define success or failure. By “layers” I mean combinations of players e.g. Target men, inside forwards and overlapping full backs. All the players in your team need to complement each other.
Understanding the Instructions
Mentality: Defines the starting position your players will take on the pitch and how attacking the passes a player makes will be. The lower the number of clicks, the deeper a player will play and the fewer passes he will play into the final third.
Run from Deep: This instruction controls how early/often your player makes attacking runs when on the offensive.
Roaming: Does what it says on the tin. This gives players the ability to move around freely.
Wide play: This determines what action a player takes with or without the ball. It is a very powerful instruction:
Cuts Inside – the player will make runs infield to receive the ball or with the ball will run inside the fullback.
Hugs Touchline – the player will patrol the touch line and try to run outside the full back to produce a cross.
Moves into Channels – is a little greyer, it appears to be an off-the-ball instruction. However it has been argued that it is the opposite of Cuts Inside, where a player looks to receive the ball in a narrow position and run out wide to stretch the defence.
Mentality and Run From Deep are in my opinion the most important attacking tactical tools. However they appear to be the most misunderstood. Let's consider the following target man and poacher instructions.
Poacher
This screenshot is the default settings for a poacher. The key points to take from this are the attacking mentality and run from deep settings. They seem quite logical; an attacking mentality that will push the player up against the defensive line and Run From Deep is set to often. This player is meant to break the offside trap, run on to a flick on or pass in behind the defence.
Target man
This is the default instructions for a target man on support duty. Again this seems to be intuitive; a player that plays deep searching for long balls to flick on or to hold up play before feeding his strike partner.
Let's look at the partnership as a whole. The Poacher is far more attacking than the supporting striker. This is not actually a problem because we would like the target man to feed the poacher. However when we combine the Run From Deep instructions, the poacher and the target man become too far apart and the poacher becomes isolated. The reason for this is that when our team wins possession an attacking move develops. The poacher, already in a high position, makes a run in behind the defence thus forcing himself further forward. In this instance the move has developed slowly and our players have moved the ball around the midfield. The poacher does not drop deep as he is in line with the opposition defence. The target man has started deep and is in a good position to receive the ball from the midfield and in turn feed his striking partner. The poacher, sensing this move developing again, makes a run forcing himself even further away from his strike partner. This breaks the connection between the two strikers as shown below:
The problem with the TC is that the instructions look sensible enough but do not consider the role the other players in your system are fulfilling. Playing players who are overly aggressive with deep players will generally mean your team are very poorly connected.
Adjusted Poacher
Adjusted Targetman
Here we can see how I have adjusted the poacher and target man to improve the connection with the team. The idea behind this is that the target man starts in a more advanced position but does not make runs forward as play advances. He is to remain in position to receive the ball. The poacher is the player that starts deeper, however he is geared to make lots of runs past the target man. The effect of this is that the poacher is in a position to burst past a static defence and link up with the target man. Once the target man has released the ball or play passes him by, the target man will default to his mentality and run forward in an attempt to remain as the highest player on the pitch.
The comparison above shows the heat map from the two sets of instructions (left being the default, poacher is on the right and target man on the left). Ignoring the positioning of the midfield and defence we can see that the Target man and AMC have spent the majority of the game in the centre circle where they are unable to provide support for the poacher. In the second shot we can see that the Target man has moved further forward into a more dangerous position and the connection with his strike partner is maintained. In the first game analysis my team lost 3-0. I put this down to a number of attacking headers and passes being swept up by the opposition's defenders due to the poor connection. This enabled the opposition to form effective counter attacks. However the second game my team won 3-0 producing a far greater number of clear-cut chances and reducing the number of stray passes.
Conclusion
Obviously I'm not saying this is the only solution to the problem, I may have had similar results by changing the Target man role in “plug and play” mode to attack. However if you look at this option you can see that many of the other predefined settings are adjusted. This for me would have modified aspects of the player's game that I was already happy with. The real point of this post is to demonstrate the relationship that Mentality and Run From Deep have with team shape. To keep the formation you have designed connected I find it necessary to offset run from deep with mentality. If you have a player who you want to run in behind a defence or receive a ball in space and then run at a defence, you should be looking to provide that player with the available options. So if I want an inside forward to cut inside and attack the gap between full back and centre back, he will need to have a low mentality but run from deep sometimes/often. If you want a box to box midfielder who will surge up and down the pitch, you should be looking for run from deep set at often and a lower mentality than a holding player. To reiterate, mentality sets out where your players start from, defining your shape. A run from deep creates the movement required to link up your shape and overload the opposition's weak points. Being able to manipulate these two instructions is the key to designing a good formation. Learn to use these in tandem and you can design any tactic you can think of.
Thanks for reading
Cook1e_mr
Advertisements
Photos: Presidents of the United States George Washington was the first President of the United States, serving from 1789 to 1797. He also served as commander-in-chief of the Continental Army, and he has the distinction of being the only President unanimously elected by the Electoral College. Hide Caption 1 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States The second U.S. President, John Adams, served from 1797 to 1801. He was also the first vice president of the United States, and he was the first President to reside in the White House, moving in on November 1, 1800, while the White House was still under construction. Hide Caption 2 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Thomas Jefferson, the third President (1801-1809), was the principal author of the Declaration of Independence. While President, Jefferson doubled the size of the United States by purchasing the Louisiana Territory from France in 1803. Hide Caption 3 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States James Madison, the fourth President (1809-1817), was nicknamed the "Father of the Constitution." During his presidency, the first formal declaration of war was enacted -- the War of 1812 with Great Britain. Hide Caption 4 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States James Monroe (1817-1825) was the last of the Founding Fathers to be elected President. During his seventh State of the Union address, he outlined a foreign policy that warned European powers against further colonization of or meddling in the Western Hemisphere. This was later known as the Monroe Doctrine. Hide Caption 5 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States John Quincy Adams (1825-1829) was the son of second President John Adams. He was the only President to serve in the House of Representatives after serving as President. Hide Caption 6 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Andrew Jackson (1829-1837) was the only President to serve in both the American Revolution and the War of 1812. He is also the only President to have been a former prisoner of war: Jackson was 13 when became a courier during the Revolutionary War, and he was later captured by the British. Hide Caption 7 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Martin Van Buren (1837-1841) was the first President to be born a U.S. citizen. Previous Presidents were born before the United States was a country, making them colonists and, consequently, citizens of Great Britain. Hide Caption 8 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States William Henry Harrison (1841) probably had only just finished unpacking his things at the White House when he died of pneumonia one month into his term. Harrison was the first U.S. President to die while in office, and he had the shortest tenure ever of any commander-in-chief. Hide Caption 9 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States John Tyler's term (1841-1845) saw several presidential firsts. He was the first vice president to succeed office after the President died, he was the first to lose his wife while in office, and he was the first to marry while in office. Hide Caption 10 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States James K. Polk (1845-1849) oversaw the greatest expansion of territory of any President in history. The expansion included what would become the future states of Texas and California. Polk also negotiated with Britain to establish the boundaries of the Oregon Country. Hide Caption 11 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Zachary Taylor (1849-1850), aka "Old Rough and Ready," was a hero in the Mexican-American War. Mystery surrounds his actual cause of death from a stomach ailment. Did he just eat too many cherries, or was it murder? The 1991 exhumation of his body proved it wasn't arsenic poisoning at least. Hide Caption 12 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Millard Fillmore (1850-1853) was the last President who was neither a Democrat nor a Republican. He helped pass the Compromise of 1850, legislation that included the Fugitive Slave Act and California's admission to the Union as a free state. Hide Caption 13 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Franklin Pierce (1853-1857) was the first President to not get his party's nomination for re-election. He signed the controversial Kansas-Nebraska Act, which allowed the people there to decide whether to allow slavery. This worsened the tension between the North and South. Hide Caption 14 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States James Buchanan (1857-1861) was the only President who never married. He failed to prevent seven pro-slavery states from seceding during his term. Hide Caption 15 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Abraham Lincoln (1861-1865), purveyor of tall top hats and log cabins, preserved the Union during the Civil War and freed the slaves through the Emancipation Proclamation. He was assassinated by actor John Wilkes Booth, a Confederate sympathizer. Hide Caption 16 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Andrew Johnson's (1865-1869) trial by impeachment in the U.S. Senate resulted in his acquittal by a single vote. History gives him a terrible performance review: His plan for post-war Reconstruction failed, and he had little support from Congress or the public. Hide Caption 17 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Tasked with unifying the country after the Civil War, Ulysses S. Grant (1869-1877) established the Department of Justice to protect the rights of freed slaves. He also authorized the military to fight the Ku Klux Klan and successfully lobbied for the 15th Amendment, granting voting rights to black men. Hide Caption 18 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Rutherford B. Hayes (1877-1881) promoted women's rights, signing legislation that allowed female lawyers to argue Supreme Court cases. He introduced the White House Easter Egg Roll as a spring tradition and established the first presidential library. Hide Caption 19 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Just four months into his term, James Garfield (1881) was shot by a disgruntled lawyer who'd aspired to join the administration as a diplomat. The President was taken to the Jersey Shore, where doctors hoped the ocean air would help him recover. He died two weeks later. Hide Caption 20 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Chester Arthur (1881-1885) signed a bill mandating a merit-based system for hiring public workers. The idea was to curb patronage and politically motivated appointments. Hide Caption 21 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Grover Cleveland (1885-1889; 1893-1897) was the first and only commander-in-chief to serve two non-consecutive terms. He was also the first bachelor President to be married at the White House. Hide Caption 22 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Benjamin Harrison (1889-1893) signed into law the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890, which authorized the government to fine large corporations for price fixing and other corrupt business practices. Hide Caption 23 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States William McKinley (1897-1901) led the country through the Spanish-American War, a three-month conflict that began with the sinking of the USS Maine and ended with Cuban independence. During the beginning of McKinley's second term, he was fatally shot by an anarchist. Hide Caption 24 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States At 42, Theodore Roosevelt (1901-1909) was the youngest man to take the oath of office. A progressive reformer and environmental advocate, Roosevelt brought lawsuits against corporate trusts, taking on business giants to level the playing field for the working class. Hide Caption 25 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States William Howard Taft (1909-1913) also served as the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court in his post-presidency years. During his re-election bid, he managed to win only eight of 531 electoral votes -- the poorest performance of an incumbent president seeking re-election. Hide Caption 26 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Woodrow Wilson (1913-1921) was awarded the 1919 Nobel Peace Prize for proposing and creating the League of Nations. But he was never able to convince the United States to join. Although he was first opposed to a federal amendment allowing women to vote, Wilson shifted his position during his second term and the 19th Amendment was ratified in 1920. Hide Caption 27 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Warren G. Harding's term (1921-1923) was cut short by his sudden death from a cerebral hemorrage. Harding captured 60% of the popular vote in 1920, marking the largest presidential landslide to date. Hide Caption 28 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Calvin Coolidge (1923-1929) served as vice president until the death of Warren G. Harding. His 1924 campaign slogan was "Keep Cool with Coolidge," and his nickname was "Silent Cal" because of his reputation as a man of few words. Hide Caption 29 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Herbert Hoover (1929-1933) was inaugurated on the year of the stock market crash that sent the country into the Great Depression. Although Hoover pushed for money to be appropriated for large-scale projects, he opposed federal relief payments directly to individuals. The national economy never recovered during his term, and the shantytowns that developed were nicknamed "Hoovervilles." Hide Caption 30 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933-1945) was the only President elected to the office four times. During his 12 years as President, he championed numerous social programs and measures, including the creation of the Tennessee Valley Authority, the Civilian Conservation Corps and Social Security. Roosevelt contracted polio at age 39 and never recovered the use of his legs. Hide Caption 31 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Harry S. Truman (1945-1953) served as vice president for 82 days before the unexpected death of Roosevelt. He authorized the use of two atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Hide Caption 32 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953-1961) had been supreme commander of the European Allied forces during World War II, and he ordered the Normandy invasion on D-Day. His popular presidential campaign slogan was "I like Ike!" Hide Caption 33 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States John F. Kennedy (1961-1963) was the first Roman Catholic President. He was assassinated in his first term, which was marked by the signing of the Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty, the creation of the Peace Corps, the disastrous Bay of Pigs invasion, and the beginning of military involvement in Vietnam. Hide Caption 34 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Lyndon B. Johnson (1963-1969) was vice president under John F. Kennedy and took the oath of office on a plane after Kennedy was assassinated. In 1964, Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act, the landmark legislation that banned segregation and discrimination based on race and gender. The law was a cornerstone of Johnson's vision of a "Great Society" that also included a "war on poverty." Hide Caption 35 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Richard Nixon (1969-1974) became the first President to resign from office as he faced impeachment for his involvement in the Watergate scandal. Nixon made strides in domestic policy, proposing legislation that resulted in the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency. Abroad, he established relations with China and a détente in Soviet relations. Hide Caption 36 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Gerald Ford (1974-1977) had been appointed vice president by Nixon after Spiro Agnew was forced to resign. He then became President when Nixon himself resigned. Remembered mainly for his pardon of Nixon and his physical clumsiness, Ford was not elected to a second term. Hide Caption 37 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Jimmy Carter (1977-1981) brokered the 1978 Camp David Accords, the agreement that led to a peace treaty between Israel and Egypt. At home, Carter's presidency was plagued by inflation and unemployment, and he lost his bid for a second term amid the hostage crisis in Iran. Hide Caption 38 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Ronald Reagan (1981-1989) was the only actor ever elected President, and his talent as a speaker earned him the moniker "the great communicator." An affable Republican who wooed many Roosevelt Democrats, the staunchly anti-communist Reagan is seen as having played a large part in the collapse of the Soviet Union. Hide Caption 39 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States George H.W. Bush (1989-1993) was a former CIA director and served two terms as vice president under Ronald Reagan. His approval rating at home soared after he led an international coalition to oust Iraq from Kuwait, and communism in Eastern Europe fell on his watch. But he lost his bid for re-election amid a sluggish economy and after reneging on a promise not to raise taxes. Hide Caption 40 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Bill Clinton (1993-2001) ran on the slogan, "It's the economy, stupid." Plagued by various scandals -- including accusations of sexual impropriety -- he was the second president to be impeached. He was acquitted in 1999. Hide Caption 41 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States George W. Bush (2001-2009) is the son of former President George H.W. Bush. His presidency was largely defined by his response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks. In 2003, he ordered the invasion of Iraq on suspicion that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. Hide Caption 42 of 44
Photos: Presidents of the United States Barack Obama (2009-2017) became the first African-American to hold the office of President. He took the oath of office amid the Great Recession, the biggest economic challenge since the Great Depression. Under the Affordable Healthcare Act, millions of uninsured Americans have gotten health insurance. Hide Caption 43 of 44
OXFORD, Ohio – Although it's had to be learned many times, many ways, over the years, writing off the North Dakota men's hockey program has never been the smart bet.
Needing a season-saving sweep on the road to close out the regular season, without All-America winger Brock Boeser and, eventually, winger Austin Poganski, the Fighting Hawks came up with a 5-2 win over Miami in tonight's season finale to clinch home ice in the NCHC Quarterfinals.
The win, and sweep, also pushed the Fighting Hawks to No. 12 in the PairWise rankings after entering the weekend on the outside looking in at No. 16.
In the absence of top-line wingers Boeser and Poganski, who left Saturday's game late in the first period, defenseman Tucker Poolman scored twice, sophomore Chris Wilkie scored his first of the season, and Trevor Olson added his second goal of the weekend. Freshman Dixon Bowen chipped in with an empty-netter.
The wins mean UND will be at home for the first round of the conference playoffs for the 15th straight year, the longest active streak in the country. UND head coach Brad Berry said that's the program's first on a checklist of goals prior to each season.
“The very first one is to get home ice,” said Berry of the team's checklist. “We're very blessed to be playing at Ralph Engelstad Arena. We attained that one tonight. It took the last game of the regular season to get it, but we did it. Now we have to move on and turn the page.”
Wilkie's goal, his first in 29 games this season, was instrumental. The Omaha, Neb., native opened the scoring at 2:34 of the first period after being sprung by Ludvig Hoff. Wilkie made no mistake in beating Miami goaltender Ryan Larking to the glove side.
“It's about time,” Wilkie said of his goal. “Especially being out of the lineup last weekend, I wanted to step in and make a big difference.”
Production from the likes of Wilkie and Olson became even more imperative after Poganski left the game with an undisclosed injury.
“We called on him to do a job this weekend,” said Olson of Wilkie, “and he played really well. A lot of guys did. We're excited as a team to get that production. Hopefully we can continue burying pucks next weekend.”
Count Olson among those who were burying pucks. His top-shelf snipe early in the third period gave UND a 3-2 lead and gave Olson the game-winning goal for the second straight night.
Poolman added a pair of highlight-reel goals and two assists. His second goal, like Olson's a rocket just under the crossbar, came just 35 seconds after Miami's Chaz Switzer had cut the UND lead to 3-2.
“We've been through this before,” said Berry. “Guys know that Boeser and Poganski are important players on our team, but we have a lot of important players on our team and they did the job this weekend.
“I thought for the first time in a long time, it was a weekend where we were business-like. There was an urgency. There was a hunger there, and there was a focus.”
Wilkie said that was the mindset as soon as Friday's game ended.
“That was our focus today all day, starting in the morning, that we wanted to be serious and business-like coming to the rink in the morning and all the way through the day,” said Wilkie. “The last couple of weeks we felt like we dropped off a little bit after the Friday game.”
UND will host St. Cloud State in next weekend's best-of-three series for a chance to advance to the NCHC Frozen Faceoff at Target Center.
“It's huge not only for the standings, but for our confidence too,” said Olson. “It's been a struggle and when it comes to playoff time, we need two wins in a weekend. This was a learning curve to understand what we need to do to get two wins.”
Notes: Poolman's two goals gave him 20 for his career, making him UND's first defenseman to reach that plateau since Chay Genoway … Berry did not have a definitive update on Poganski following the game, calling him day to day for the time being … UND outshot Miami 27-11 and held the RedHawks to one shot in the first period and three in the third ... Shane Gersich won the NCHC goal-scoring title with 14 goals in 24 league games.
One of my very favourite podcasts, Hypercritical, hosted by John Siracusa and Dan Benjamin on the 5by5 network is due to end in a few weeks time when it reaches episode 100. On hearing the news, I felt motivated to draw a little illustration of J-Sir climbing a mountain*. To infinity and beyond, John. To infinity and beyond.
Hypercritical is a tech podcast of sorts. Each week, everything from Apple to Pixar to toaster ovens is tackled (and often torn apart) by Siracusa in his particularly, um, hypercritical manner while Dan gently steers the ship. Their insights are consistently interesting, surprising and funny, even when I have absolutely no idea what they're talking about (both hosts have backgrounds in development, I most definitely don't).
It's nerdy and no mistake, but that's not a bad thing. Clever people talking with enthusiasm (and going into very specific specifics) on topics that they really care about is something I have a lot of time for, even if I'm too dumb to keep up. When a topic does come along that I know something about, it's the best. The best, Jerry, the best. The more detail the better.
If a 3 hour discussion about Goodfellas sounds like a very good thing and not a very bad thing, hello, take a seat, you're amongst friends.
Although I'll be sad to see Hypercritical go, the archive lives on. I recommend the aforementioned toaster oven and Pixar episodes as well as Siracusa's two part history of video game controllers (my personal favourite) as good starting points for non-technically minded folks. He also continues to semi-regularly co-host the very good geek culture podcast The Incomparable on 5by5. Elsewhere, Siracusa has a blog and famously reviews Apple's operating software for Ars Technica.
Big thanks to John & Dan for the many (many) hours of entertainment and good luck for the future.
* I gave Siracusa glasses - I think he wears glasses despite being glassesless in my, um, extensive Google Images research. Ach, even if it's inaccurate, it looks funnier.
Forget all talk about "dots", "6 months", or any other prognostication from the Fed's new leadership about what will happen in the near and not so near future. For the real answer prepare to shelve out the usual fee of $250,000 for an hour with the Chairsatan, or read Reuters' account of what others who have done so, have learned. The answer is a stunner.
"At least one guest left a New York restaurant with the impression Bernanke, 60, does not expect the federal funds rate, the Fed's main benchmark interest rate, to rise back to its long-term average of around 4 percent in Bernanke's lifetime. "Shocking when he said this," the guest scribbled in his notes. "Is that really true?" he scribbled at another point, according to the notes reviewed by Reuters."
To think one could have read Zero Hedge for free for the past 5 years and gotten the same answer (time for a pop quiz: pumping liquidity into a closed system in perpetuity is i) inflationary or ii) deflationary?). But no, one would rather pay Bernanke's former annual salary in less than an hour to get the answer from the same person who infamously stated that "subprime was contained", that "there is no housing bubble", and that he doesn't buy the premise of house price declines as there has never been a "decline of house prices on a nationwide basis."
Still, one can't blame Bernanke for providing a service that the market (one market the former chairman didn't manage to break with his central planning spree, unlike all other markets) demands. Alan Greenspan waited only a week after his departure before addressing a private dinner hosted by Lehman Brothers, the investment bank whose collapse in 2008 sent the financial crisis into high gear.
Bernanke's private dinners, all of which cost around $250,000 began near the end of March, roughly two months after his retirement.
We say around because while Greenspan has already been rocked by 50% deflation in his "assets", Bernanke too is starting to realize that without constant liquidity injections, his "inflationary" days are also numbered:
The baseline fee for a private get together is $250,000, and more if Bernanke needs to travel from his home in Washington, though the price has dropped some as he has done more events, the sources said. The size of that decline could not be immediately learned.
Certainly expect the price of a Bernanke dinner to tumble now that virtually everyone who matters, and can afford the fee, has already listened to the Chairsatan in private, and the value of Bernanke's insight has been, shall we say, "diluted":
Hedge fund attendees have included Paul Tudor Jones of Tudor Investment Corp and David Einhorn of Greenlight Capital. Others have included Michael Novogratz of Fortress Investment Group, and Larry Robbins of Glenview Capital, as previously reported in other media. All declined to comment to Reuters. David Tepper, the hedge fund manager who earned $3.5 billion in 2013 to rank as the industry's best paid investor, said at an industry conference this week that he attended the first private dinner and peppered Bernanke with questions. But Tepper said he didn't make the best use of the information, a lapse he now regrets. "I screwed up that trade," he said. At the same conference, Novogratz from Fortress said many hedge funds that bet on big interest rate and currency movements missed a hint from Bernanke at the dinner and failed to buy long duration Treasuries.
Oh yeah, it was Bernanke hinting that Tsys are due for a surge - nothing to do with the fact that the global economy is stalling and that everyone and the kitchen sink was short rates, launching one of the biggest short squeezes in recent history.
Not surprisingly, not everyone is a happy customer:
Not every guest believes they came away from a Bernanke dinner with an exclusive insight. "People can try all they want to feel that they got him to say something extra to them, but he never does," said one person who attended one of the dinners.
As for Bernanke's profound insight, it appears all he really did is admit that he failed at stimulating the economy.
In one dinner-table exchange with investors, Bernanke argued that fiscal tightening, constrained financial markets and lower U.S. productivity all point to lower real rates than would be considered normal for a long time to come. Based on trading in the massive Eurodollar futures market, investors have in recent months tempered expectations of rate rises in the years ahead; as it stands, they don't expect the fed funds rate to return to 4 percent until 2022. As recently as last September, futures markets signaled they thought this would happen by the end of 2018. At the dinners, Bernanke has also argued the Fed would want to delay raising rates if the tighter financial conditions created could threaten to harm the economy. He has also stressed that financial stability concerns would more formally be considered in policy-making, according to the sources.
In other words, blame Congress for slowing down the economy as it did not engage in reform, the same Congress which explicitly made it clear it would not engage in reform and told the Mr. Chairman "to get to work" to compensate for Congressional ineptitude. And now Bernanke has the gall to blame Congress, which is only able to do what it does thanks to, you guessed it, the Fed's ZIRP policy.
Of course, the slowing down of the economy, snow or no snow, is precisely the reason why bonds are bid. We explained as much recently:
"When the Fed begins lifting rates is almost not an issue any more,” Stan Jonas, former managing partner of Axiom Management Partners in New York, "The real question is how fast does the Fed increase rates and where do they stop. The market now sees diminished macroeconomic expectations and expects the Fed to end the upcoming tightening cycle at around 3 percent." In other words, the bond market believes in the Japanization of America and another lost decade as the new normal low/no growth world slugs along with no escape velocity dreams anytime soon. Or even more clearly - it's about more than this cycle... the Fed's taper will run its course, the Fed will tighten rates and the economy will slump rapidly meaning the Fed will ease once again (and by then QE will have lost all credibility as anything but an asset inflation machine and along with it - the Fed's credibility)... the tumble in forward rates indicates the markets growing belief that the future growthiness looks very different from the dream priced into stocks...
Or, in other words, the Taper will lead to the Untaper, as we predicted exactly one year ago, leading to QE number... we don't even know the nuimber any more - 5, 6, 7? Rinse. Repeat.
As for the conclusion:
"He's being paid ... for sharing his wisdom and predictions, and presumably not to exert his influence on the Fed," he added. This will go on "until he's proven to not be all that clairvoyant."
The biggest shocker is not that Bernanke punked the market once again and after 5 years of QE the US economy is once again headed into a tailspin - most people with some common sense knew that in 2009.
The shocker is that people are willing to pay even $1, let alone $250,000, to listen to Bernanke speak.
Delhi's deputy mayor SS Bajwa died yesterday as a result of "serious head injuries" after falling from his first-floor terrace while attempting to fight off a pack of wild monkeys, the BBC reports.
The unfortunate incident on Saturday highlights Delhi's ongoing battle against the monkey hordes which "invade government complexes and temples, snatch food, and scare passers-by", but which are considered sacred by devout Hindus who see them as a "manifestation of the monkey god Hanuman".
While culling them is therefore off the agenda, India's High Court last year ordered Delhi to address the problem. The city has tried training teams of "larger, more ferocious" langur monkeys to have a pop at smaller, bothersome Rhesus macaques, and also employs monkey catchers to corral the animals for relocation to forests.
However, as the BBC notes, Delhi's expanding urban sprawl is destroying the monkeys' natural habitat, exacerbating the problem. ®
Question:
Why do we call G‑d "Father" on Rosh Hashanah? Why not "Mother"?
Response:
To the Jewish mind, G‑d is both here and beyond here at once. Philosophers call that immanence and transcendence. Many of them say that He can't do both at once, but we say who are you philosophers to tell G‑d what He can be and what He can't be?
When we refer to G‑d's presence within our world, giving life to all things, then She is the Shechinah. When we refer to G‑d's transcendence beyond this world, we call Him "The Holy One, blessed be He." G‑d does not change or have parts, G‑d forbid. Both are the same one and singular G‑d, just looking at that G‑d from different angles. From one angle you see a modality of being deeply involved and immanently there; from another angle you see Him in a modality of being absolutely beyond all things and transcendent even of existence itself.
In our prayers, we—all of us together as one—take the role of the Shechinah petitioning the Holy One, blessed be He. In a way, G‑d is speaking to Himself. That is why we ask at the beginning of the Amidah, "G‑d, open my lips so that my mouth may speak Your praises." We are asking G‑d to speak to Himself through us. We can't pray to Him as He is the Shechinah because it's His Shechinah that's doing the praying.
Our mitzvahs, study and prayer unite these two aspects of G‑d into a perfect whole. Studying Torah is a way for G‑d's transcendence to enter our world. Our prayers are a way that His presence in our world reaches upward towards transcendence. Each mitzvah in its particular way creates a harmony between the two aspects.
Much of the Zohar is dedicated to illustrating this concept. The prophets also allude to it in their ubiquitous use of the husband/wife metaphor. In many prayer books you will find instructions to say before a certain mitzvah, blessing or prayer, "For the sake of the union of the Holy One, blessed be He, and His Shechinah, in the name of all Israel."
This is also the meaning of the phrase, "On that day, G‑d will be One and His name will be One." Of course, He was already One before the world got started and remained One after creating it. We are talking here of how the created beings of His world tune into that oneness, by discovering a harmony between the two aspects that we have to deal with. G‑d will be One is about how He is way beyond our world extending into how He is present in our world. His name will be One is about how He presents Himself here revealing a harmony with how He is totally beyond.
I better stop before things get totally foncusicated. These are things discussed at length in many profound treatises on Kabbalistic thought. If you want some reading material, let me know and I'll plug you in.
Have a great, sweet year in 5770!
Pearline Williamson, whose grandson is 100m runner Simeon Williamson, was out shopping when a young woman ran past her, pulling the purse from her hand.
Without a thought for her own safety Mrs Williamson sprinted after the woman, believed to be in her early 20s, and managed to catch her.
The furious pensioner then shook her attacker in front of fellow shoppers in Edmonton, north London. The thief dropped the purse and escaped.
Mrs Williamson said: "She must have thought I was an easy touch because I'm elderly.
"When she took my purse I had to do something so I ran after her and grabbed her as hard as I could. She said she hadn't taken it at first, so I shook the life out of her until she finally gave it back."
Olympic hopeful Mr Williamson, 22, said: "It's typical of her as she stands up for everyone else, so it's no surprise she stood up for herself.
"She can be very friendly but also pretty scary when she wants to be – you wouldn't have wanted to be the thief.
"And there's no controlling her – you just have to stand back and hope she's alright as she doesn't think about the consequences."
Mrs Williamson said she had her purse stolen four-years ago on a bus and since then she has vowed to fight back against criminals.
She added: "I have never been scared of anyone. If I see someone being taken advantage of I do something.
"It makes me so mad when people try and take your things. Back in my day you had to work so hard for every penny. "My kids tell me not to get involved, but you have to try – if you don't do anything then bad people get away with bad things."
Her grandson will race at the Beijing Olympics as Britain's number one sprinter. He clocked a personal best of 10.03sec at the recent Olympic trials.
Mr Williamson said: "Her attitude would make her an Olympic gold medallist if she were just a few years younger.
"She's from a different generation and had to work for everything she has, so if someone takes what's hers then she will defend it. "It's that sort of stubborn belief that makes you a champion and that's exactly what she is."
New LEDs will make Cuba Mall lighter and brighter Resize
The fountain has been removed for maintenance and while it's gone, new poles and LED street lights are being installed that will have multiple benefits.
The soft white light – similar to the light from a full moon – will make walking through the mall at night a much more pleasant experience. It will be easier on the eye, and mean colours stand out and look more natural.
The new lights will save energy too, lowering electricity consumption by about 80 percent and roughly halving power costs for the area.
Councillor Andy Foster, who chairs the Council's Transport and Urban Development Committee, says the mall will be lit to the same level as Courtenay Place, where LEDs were installed last September.
“The new lights will be much better than the existing ones, which produce a yellowish glow, because they will illuminate the whole area, eliminating dark spots and making the area safer. There are two CCTV cameras in this area and the new lights will make monitoring these easier and footage from them clearer.
“With the improved colour clarity, it will be easier to see and recognise people, the plants will be green and the Bucket Fountain will look great.
“The lights reduce demand on the network and the risk of outages,” he says. “And with no moving parts, they are also more resilient to wind and weather.”
Mall users can also expect more consistent Wi-Fi as telecommunications provider CityLink will be installing equipment on one of the new poles to increase coverage of cbdfree, Wellington's free CBD-wide Wi-Fi service.
The new poles are going into existing planter boxes to free up more footpath space and most of the lights will be on a cable strung down the centre of the mall between the poles. Each pole will also have a downlight.
Residents who live above ground level should find the new lights less intrusive than the existing high-pressure sodium lights, as they are designed to throw light out and down.
Contractors Downer will be doing the upgrade on the Council's behalf. Work is due to start on Monday 18 May and will be completed in 50m sections starting at the Dixon Street end. The upgrade will take between six and eight weeks so should be complete by mid-July.
The work will involve digging a trench down the middle of the mall to put in new ducting for power and telecommunications cables and drilling under the planter beds.
Work hours will be Monday to Friday, 7am to 5pm. It will be noisy at times but the contractors aren't planning to carry out any particularly noisy work between 12 noon and 2pm.
The European Union is secretly developing a "remote stopping" device to be fitted to all cars that would allow the police to disable vehicles at the flick of a switch from a control room.
Confidential documents from a committee of senior EU police officers, who hold their meetings in secret, have set out a plan entitled "remote stopping vehicles" as part of wider law enforcement surveillance and tracking measures.
"The project will work on a technological solution that can be a 'build in standard' for all cars that enter the European market," said a restricted document.
The devices, which could be in all new cars by the end of the decade, would be activated by a police officer working from a computer screen in a central headquarters.
Once enabled the engine of a car used by a fugitive or other suspect would stop, the supply of fuel would be cut and the ignition switched off.
The technology, scheduled for a six-year development timetable, is aimed at bringing dangerous high-speed car chases to an end and to make redundant current stopping techniques such as spiking a vehicle's tyres.
The proposal was outlined as part of the "key objectives" for the "European Network of Law Enforcement Technologies", or Enlets, a secretive off-shoot of a European "working party" aimed at enhancing police cooperation across the EU.
Statewatch, a watchdog monitoring police powers, state surveillance and civil liberties in the EU, have leaked the documents amid concerns the technology poses a serious threat to civil liberties
"We all know about the problems surrounding police stop and searches, so why will be these cars stopped in the first place," said Tony Bunyan, director of Statewatch.
"We also need to know if there is any evidence that this is a widespread problem. Let's have some evidence that this is a problem, and then let's have some guidelines on how this would be used."
The remote stopping and other surveillance plans have been signed off by the EU's Standing Committee on Operational Cooperation on Internal Security, known as Cosi, meaning that the project has the support of senior British Home Office civil servants and police officers.
Cosi, which also meets in secret, was set up by the Lisbon EU Treaty in 2010 to develop and implement what has emerged as a European internal security policy without the oversight of MPs in the House of Commons.
Douglas Carswell, the Conservative MP for Clacton, attacked the plan for threatening civil liberties and for bypassing the parliament.
"The price we pay for surrendering our democratic sovereignty is that we are governed by an unaccountable secretive clique," he said.
Nigel Farage, the leader of Ukip, described the measure as "incredible" and a "draconian imposition".
"It is appalling they are even thinking of it," he said. "People must protest against this attack on their liberty and vote against an EU big Brother state during the Euro election in May."
In 2012, Enlets received a £484,000 grant from the European Commission for its declared mission to "support front line policing and the fight against serious and organised crime by gathering user requirements, scanning and raising awareness of new technology and best practices, benchmarking and giving advice".
The six-year work programme for Enlets also includes improving automatic number plate recognition technology and intelligence sharing. Although the technology for police to stop a vehicle by remote control has still to be developed, Enlets argues the merits of developing such a system.
"Cars on the run can be dangerous for citizens," said a document. "Criminal offenders will take risks to escape after a crime. In most cases the police are unable to chase the criminal due to a lack of efficient means to stop the vehicle safely."
The introduction of stopping devices has raised questions of road safety. David Davis, the Conservative MP for Haltemprice and Howden, warned that the technology could pose a danger to all road users.
"I would be fascinated to know what the state's liability will be if they put these devices in all vehicles and one went off by accident whilst a car was doing 70mph on a motorway with a truck behind it resulting in loss of life," he said.
"It is time legislators stopped believing technology is a form of magic and realised that is fallible, and those failures do real harm."
"If you go to the village of Al-Majalah in Yemen, where I was, and you see the unexploded clusterbombs and you have the list and photographic evidence, as I do--the women and children that represented the vast majority of the deaths in this first strike that Obama authorized on Yemen--those people were murdered by President Obama, on his orders, because there was believed to be someone from Al Qaeda in that area. There's only one person that's been identified that had any connection to Al Qaeda there. And 21 women and 14 children were killed in that strike and the U.S. tried to cover it up, and say it was a Yemeni strike, and we know from the Wikileaks cables that David Petraeus conspired with the president of Yemen to lie to the world about who did that bombing. It's murder--it's mass murder--when you say, 'We are going to bomb this area' because we believe a terrorist is there, and you know that women and children are in the area. The United States has an obligation to not bomb that area if they believe that women and children are there. I'm sorry, that's murder."
Rep. Marlin Stutzman (R-IN) followed Dave Agema on Washington Watch yesterday, where he told host Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council that marriage is “not a civil liberty” but an institution that same-sex couples should not be allowed to participate in.
After agreeing with Perkins' claim that marriage equality “is about fundamentally redefining America,” Stutzman mentioned the benefits of marriage for heterosexual couples as reasons to oppose same-sex marriage.
Later in the show, he warned that religious freedom “is being chipped away at” by gay rights laws, warning that “if we lose that we're going to see grave consequences to the family unit.”
Perkins: This is about fundamentally redefining America.
Stutzman: That's exactly right. This is the one issue that as we talk about states' rights, states' responsibilities, which according to the Constitution what responsibilities are for the states and which are for the federal government, I think this is the one issue that you'll even find that if states deal with it themselves that with a very mobile society as people move around the country if you have states that do recognize same-sex marriage and other states that don't there's going to be a series of consequences that are going to result because you may have one state in the east coast that recognizes same-sex marriages, if they move to the Midwest, a state like Indiana or Mississippi or other states that don't, you're going to have a patchwork quilt of laws.
This is not about marriage, it's not a civil liberty, it's an institution, it's above, it's something that God has created and is a cornerstone of civil society. It's vitally important that we protect marriage as something unique, something that is to be protected because of all of the other benefits of the family unit together, all of those things that come with marriage and a family unit, whether it is mentally, physically, spiritually, emotionally, all of those things are tied up in this institution that God has created in marriage.
…
Stutzman: Your listeners, people across the country are vocal about this and are engaged in local government, state government and federal government about that religious freedom that we have enjoyed for so many years and that is being chipped away at. I think that if we don't stand up and speak up and speak out about this important issue, if we lose that we're going to see grave consequences to the family unit. If we have strong families we will have strong communities, we will have a stronger nation as a whole because we're going to have that basic unit that God created first.
Perkins: But if we lose that right I don't know that we'll regain it so that's why I think we've got to exercise it, speak up and protect it now while we have the chance.
Stutzman: That's right.
The majority of a group of prominent African-American ministers scheduled to meet with Donald Trump on Monday are making clear that they have made no commitments to endorse the real estate magnate. Their public declarations of non-endorsement come after a press release from the Trump campaign announced a coalition of 100 African-American religious leaders will appear with the real estate mogul shortly after the meeting to endorse him.
Bishop Clarence McClendon, a Los Angeles-based minister who was invited to the Monday meeting with clergy, posted to Facebook after the Trump campaign announced the coming endorsements.
“I am not officially endorsing ANY candidate and when I do you will NOT need to hear it from pulpitting courtjesters who suffer from intellectual and spiritual myopia,” he wrote.
Bishop Corletta Vaughn, the senior pastor of the Holy Spirit Cathedral of Faith in Detroit, posted a message on Facebook after she said her inbox was “blowing up with inquiries” after her name was included on a list of pastors meeting Trump.
“Let me be clear,” she wrote. “I was invited to attend a gathering of clergy to listen to Mr. Trump on Monday November 30. I respectively (Sic.) declined as I do not support nor will endorse Donald Trump.”
“I was asked 2 meet with Mr Trump too but I refused because until he learns how to respect people you can't represent me thru my endorsement,” Bishop Paul Morton, a prominent pastor in Atlanta tweeted on Friday.
The Trump campaign did not respond to questions about which ministers will endorse him on Monday.
In fact, of the pastors scheduled to meet with Trump earlier in the day, so far only one, Pastor Darrell Scott, has said he will attend the press conference to endorse Trump.
In an interview with The Daily Beast on Friday, Scott said that he had organized Monday's meeting between Trump and black clergy, but that his invitation was for them to meet with Trump, not to endorse him.
“Some of these pastors have never even met Trump yet,” Scott said. “They told me, ‘I don't know if I'm ready to endorse yet. I want to see him and I want to hear his heart.'”
Some might not endorse Monday, he said. Some might not endorse at all.
“All of these guys are my friends and they know me,” he said. “I let them know I am endorsing, but that doesn't mean you are endorsing.”
The Trump camp's own announcement that 100 black ministers will endorse Trump has been greeted in the black faith community with a combination of confusion and anger, particularly after a week in which Trump has mocked a New York Times reporter with a disability, suggested that a black protester who was kicked and punched at a Trump rally in Alabama “deserved it,” and when Trump himself has suggested Muslims be surveilled at certain mosques.
Recent polls show Trump getting between 3 and 10 percent support from African Americans. Trump has assured his crowds he will win the black vote.
“The 100 pastors they say are endorsing Donald Trump? I don't know where those 100 are coming from,” said Rev. Jamal Bryant, a prominent AME pastor based in Baltimore. Bryant, who earlier this year ran for Congress as a Democrat, said he had spoken with a number of the pastors attending the Monday meeting who were taken aback by the Trump announcement about the endorsements. “I don't know what policy these pastors could mobilize around. I can't find a strand of any policy he has that the larger black community would be responded to.”
Bryant said that he finds Trump's larger message to minorities to be disturbing and troubling. “It's a cross between Archie Bunker and reality television,” Bryant said. “It's frightening and unnerving that the Republicans would be at this point with him as their frontrunner.”
Bishop Wiley Jackson, the founder of the Gospel Tabernacle Cathedral in Atlanta, called Bryant's comments “a serious accusation" and stressed he was not going to New York to endorse Trump.
“I want to address an upcoming meeting, now Pastor Jamal Bryant, made an assumption from a flyer…now I was asked to be of a coalition of African-American pastors, who were to meet with the presidential candidate Donald Trump by a friend, nowhere on the flyer does it mention an endorsement of Mr. Trump or any candidate for that matter,” he said in a video on his YouTube page.
Bishop George G. Bloomer, senior pastor of Bethel Family Worship Center in Durham, North Carolina, in a press release on Friday blamed “marketing by the Trump campaign” to cause people to jump to the wrong conclusion.
“I have never publically endorsed a presidential candidate in the past, and it is unlikely I will do so in the future,” he said.
Dr. Cindy Trimm, a motivational speaker and author based in Georgia, confirmed she was attending the meeting in a Facebook post on Saturday but stressed was not going to endorse anyone.
“I have not yet endorsed any candidate for the presidency of the United States. I am attending this meeting for a greater cause—unity,” she wrote.
Orrin Pullings Sr., presiding pastor of the United Nations International Church Fellowship, also took to Facebook to declare he wasn't heading to Trump Towers to endorse the mogul.
“A local NBC News Crew just left my office inquiring about the Donald Trump Pastors meeting that will be held this Monday in New York City,” he wrote Saturday. “I made it clear to them that this meeting is NOT a TRUMP ENDORSEMENT, instead an opportunity to express my community's issues and concerns in America.”
In response to a question from The Daily Beast's Goldie Taylor on Twitter, Bishop Victor Couzens, an Ohio-based minister, tweeted he was meeting with Trump for the “same reason early leaders met with oppressive voices. We can't speak to the narrative from outside the room.”
He later tweeted, “politically nothing draws him to Trump He puts people down. He's vague with his policies. Not substantive.”
Still, Scott said he expected there would be “a number” of pastors endorsing Trump, but did not know who or how many. He described his own reasons for endorsing Trump as personal, political, and spiritual.
He considers Trump a friend and said that his message resonates with him personally. Scott also said that Trump has never offered him money, as many have suggested, nor would he accept it.
“If God raises up somebody who can speak the word of God to Trump who he will listen to, and God feels I can help provide an avenue for him to have a dialog with African Americans, then I embrace that position,” Scott said. “If that does happen, it's God that did it.”
Contributing: Jackie Kucinich and Goldie Taylor
An Israeli policeman clear the spot where, according to Israeli police spoksperson, at least 10 Israelis were stabbed, in the popular Jaffa port area of Tel Aviv, Israel March 8, 2016. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
TEL AVIV (Reuters) - At least one person was killed and nine others were wounded by a Palestinian wielding a knife in the popular Jaffa port area of Tel Aviv on Tuesday, authorities said, while U.S. Vice President Joe Biden was in a meeting a few kilometers away.
The attack took place along a boardwalk near a beach popular with tourists. The Magen David Adom ambulance service said four of the wounded had severely injuries.
"A terrorist, an illegal resident who came from somewhere in the Palestinian territories, came here to Jaffa and embarked on a run ... along the boardwalk. On his way he indiscriminately stabbed people," Tel Aviv mayor Ron Huldai told Army Radio.
He said a police officer had eventually caught up with the attacker and shot him dead.
Biden arrived in Israel late on Tuesday for a two-day visit, and was meeting former Israeli president Shimon Peres in Jaffa around the time of the boardwalk attack.
Three Palestinian assailants were killed earlier on Tuesday after carrying out separate attacks against Israelis.
(Reporting by Rami Amichay; Writing by Ari Rabonovitch; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
Recent Messages
2/26/2019 9:25:25 PM
Notify NYC - LIRR Suspension
Notification issued 02-26-2019 at 9:27 PM. Due to a train collision, LIRR service to Ronkonkoma and Huntington/Port Jefferson is suspended in both directions. Consider alternate routes and allow for additional travel time. For more information, please visit www.mta.info. To view this message in American Sign Language (ASL), العربية, বাঙালি, 中文, Français, Kreyòl Ayisyen, Italiano, 한국어, Polski, Pусский, Español, اردو or ייִדיש : http://on.nyc.gov/2gFqaVT.
2/26/2019 8:24:05 PM
Notify NYC - Unplanned Road Closure
Notification issued 02-26-2019 at 8:23 PM. Due to an unstable scaffolding, all lanes of 5th Avenue will remain closed between East 71st Street and East 79th Street in Manhattan. Consider alternate routes and allow for additional travel time. To view this message in American Sign Language (ASL), العربية, বাঙালি, 中文, Français, Kreyòl Ayisyen, Italiano, 한국어, Polski, Pусский, Español, اردو or ייִדיש : http://on.nyc.gov/2gnTjHH.
2/26/2019 4:50:50 PM
Notify NYC - Traffic Delays
Notification issued 02-26-2019 at 4:50 PM. Due to a vehicle collision, expect extensive traffic delays southbound on FDR Drive at East 96th Street in Manhattan. Consider alternate routes and allow for additional travel time. To view this message in American Sign Language (ASL), العربية, বাঙালি, 中文, Français, Kreyòl Ayisyen, Italiano, 한국어, Polski, Pусский, Español, اردو or ייִדיש : http://on.nyc.gov/2hjFYBK.
2/26/2019 3:33:20 PM
Notify NYC - Traffic Delays
Notification issued 02-26-2019 at 3:33 PM. Due to a vehicle collision, expect extensive traffic delays on eastbound Grand Central Parkway at Clearview Expressway in Queens. Consider alternate routes and allow for additional travel time. To view this message in American Sign Language (ASL), العربية, বাঙালি, 中文, Français, Kreyòl Ayisyen, Italiano, 한국어, Polski, Pусский, Español, اردو or ייִדיש : http://on.nyc.gov/2hjFYBK.
2/26/2019 1:45:30 PM
Notify NYC - Silver Alert
Silver Alert issued 02-26-2019 at 1:45 PM. A Silver Alert has been issued for Earl Chapman, a 78-year-old black male from the area of 102nd Avenue and Brisbin Street in Queens. The missing has dementia and may be in need of medical attention. Description: 6'0" tall, 185 lbs, with salt and pepper hair. Last seen wearing a multi-colored shirt, black pants, brown jacket, and a green baseball cap. Last Seen: 102nd Avenue and Brisbin Street in Queens at approximately 12:45 AM on 02-26-2019. If you see the missing person, please call 9-1-1. A photo of the missing is available here: https://flic.kr/p/Rbmn7K To view this message in American Sign Language (ASL), العربية, বাঙালি, 中文, Français, Kreyòl Ayisyen, Italiano, 한국어, Polski, Pусский, Español, اردو or ייִדיש : http://on.nyc.gov/1ZlUYf1.
Asked by: Martin Egan, Ireland
Advertisement
Lobsters and other shellfish have harmful bacteria naturally present in their flesh. Once the lobster is dead, these bacteria can rapidly multiply and release toxins that may not be destroyed by cooking. You therefore minimise the chance of food poisoning by cooking the lobster alive.
That's great for us but what about the lobster? It has been argued that lobsters do not possess a true brain and so can't feel pain. It is fair to say that they are not self-aware in the same way that we are, but they do react to tissue damage both physically and hormonally, so they are obviously capable of detecting pain on some level. In fact, the hormone that they release into the bloodstream, cortisol, is the same one that humans produce when hurt. But the most visible sign of distress is the twitching tail, which evolved as an escape reflex.
Researchers at the University of Maine found that putting the lobster on ice for 15 minutes before dropping it into boiling water produced the shortest tail-twitching interval (20 seconds). Contrary to the popular urban myth though, placing the lobster in cold water that is then slowly brought to the boil does not anaesthetise the animal and appears to extend its suffering.
Advertisement
Subscribe to BBC Focus magazine for fascinating new Q&As every month and follow @sciencefocusQA on Twitter for your daily dose of fun science facts.
In a simple oversized grey sweater, relaxed navy culottes and ballet flats, Diane Kruger quietly arrives at Dawnridge, design icon Tony Duquette's over-the-top 1949 Hollywood Hills home and the site of our September-issue cover shoot. Kruger's well-known reserve is especially apparent today. As carpets are being laid down, boxes are being unpacked and a tech crew specializing in virtual-reality video set up their sci-fi-looking cameras, the 39-year-old actress is the calm in this fashion-and-tech storm.
But perhaps this quiet focus explains how the German-born actress has been able to make 34 films (in both English and French) in only 13 years. Her preference for taking on characters with complex inner worlds (Lily Sometimes, Farewell, My Queen, The Better Angels) is telling, but what Kruger seems most interested in is staying real.
Case in point: When I chat with the actress over the phone a few weeks later, she has just arrived home from Cannes (a.k.a. one of the most glamorous events on the planet) but would much rather talk about the new house she has just bought with her long-time boyfriend, Canadian actor Joshua Jackson.
Between running errands in L.A. (she spent the morning picking out a washer and dryer), Kruger tells me about her upcoming roles, the freedom that fashion has given her and why choosing to become an actress is still the best thing she has ever done.
You've been living in L.A. for five years now, but are there still times when you feel especially German? “Oh, all the time! I feel more German when I'm here than when I'm in Germany. My work ethic alone feels very different. I fill my days with lists of things I need to do. My friends always say ‘You're the most German person I've ever met!' But in Germany, I feel more French. I'm always like, ‘I'll come when I come, maybe I'll be home,' which drives my family nuts.”
Let's talk about that work ethic. You started modelling when you were 15 and worked for Chanel, Saint Laurent and Armani, and since becoming an actress in your mid-20s, you've been in 34 films. Do you sometimes feel like you barely have a chance to catch your breath? “I think this year has been unusually busy for me, and I'm not sure why. But I have to take a break now—I've been away from home for six months, and that's not good. I have to stop and actually live life. I feel like I'm becoming stupid and silly; you live in this bubble when you are on-set—you don't get to live real life.”
You've said that in the past as well—that you're not interested in living in Hollywood's bubble. Do you think this comes from growing up in a small town [Algermissen]? “You don't forget where you come from. I come from the countryside and a very typical middle-class background. I really look up to my mother; she raised my brother and me alone. She's the one who instilled such a strong work ethic in me.”
Did your childhood influence the roles you've chosen to play? [Kruger grew up watching her father struggle with alcoholism before her parents finally divorced when she was 13; she then moved to Paris on her own at 16 to model.] “I think my role choices have been more inspired by my time in France. I was exposed to a lot of art and culture, and French cinema is really the reason I wanted to become an actress. One of my favourite actresses is Romy Schneider; I discovered her work when I moved to Paris. I am still inspired by French film; Michael Haneke's Amour is my favourite movie of the past 10 years. In Europe, the stories—especially for women—are so much more interesting than in the United States.”
But you've played some pretty interesting characters in North America, like Sonya Cross, the detective struggling with Asperger syndrome on FX's The Bridge. “I think television has always been great for women, but with movies, we still have a ways to go. Maybe I don't have the same opportunities that other actresses have here, but I think it's such a rarity to find really good female- centred films.”
In the upcoming French film Disorder, you play a trophy wife dealing with the bodyguard her husband hired to protect her and their son while he is away. What attracted you to this character? “Well, when you first meet her, she seems very cold. But as the weekend goes on, that facade slowly crumbles. I thought it was really interesting to take that journey with the character—this idea that you believe someone to be a certain way, only to discover she is quite different.”
You also have Sky with Lena Dunham coming out in 2016, and it has already been generating a lot of buzzes. “I co-produced Sky with one of my best friends, director Fabienne Berthaud. She's very near and dear to my heart. I've known her since I was 16—she gave me my first job, so we have this really intense relationship! It's a story about a couple who travels to the United States on holiday to save their marriage, and it doesn't go so well. I love the way it looks at relationships and the self-discovery that happens when you are forced to go through a certain set of circumstances.”
Both of those films seem fitting—your Instagram bio says that you love peculiar people! Do you consider yourself a peculiar person? [Laughs] “No! I actually find myself quite boring, so I'm always drawn to people who are unafraid of being peculiar and strange. A lot of my friends are very, very funny, bizarre people—and I'm forever attracted to that.”
Are there any people in particular who you just love for their strangeness, and have they inspired you to be a little strange? “Well, in general, actors are pretty weird! In one of my first movies [The Piano Player], I worked with Dennis Hopper; I could listen to his stories forever. The way he lived his life in the '60s and '70s was just so extreme. I always admire people who are unafraid to go to extremes. I don't know if I have the courage to do that. But these people, they'd rather die than not live, you know?”
People like that have such a strong sense of self, but I think you do as well—I can see that even in your personal style. Would you agree? “I would agree, but I really think that that comes from working in the fashion industry for a long time. When you work in fashion, you learn not to be afraid of it. I don't really care what anyone thinks, so it takes away the anxiety of thinking ‘Oh, my God, what is everyone going to say?' Women in Hollywood are constantly being judged by what they wear, which is very silly, so there is this fear that you always have to wear the glitter see-through princess gown or you're going to get hammered!”
You still have ties to the fashion world—you're the face of Hugo Boss and Chanel—so it's interesting that you've chosen not to work with a stylist. “When I first started out, I had the whole thing, because when you first move to L.A., that's what you think you should do. So you get the stylist and the makeup artist and the hairstylist and the publicist. But I didn't recognize myself in those early pictures because I ended up looking like everyone else. And there were just too many people around all the time, so I decided to cut some people out. And since I have a lot of long-standing relationships with designers, it just became easier for me to call them myself. And they've all been nice enough to make things for me or send things from the runway that I like.”
So I have to bring up that Tim Blanks interview you did a few years ago, when you called him an ass for suggesting that your looks might stand in the way of people taking you seriously— “Mm hmm.”
Well, I love how adamant you were that an actress should never be judged based on her looks. Do you still encounter this type of thinking? “It just gets a h bit boring. Yes, I read fashion magazines and, yes, I enjoy fashion, but I didn't become an actress to talk about clothes.”
And yet people talk about your style all the time, and the general consensus is how perfect it is. So often I've heard people say “Oh, Diane Kruger is perfect.” “I don't know if people really say that about me. It's impossible to go after perfection—it doesn't exist.”
Perhaps people are confusing perfection with restraint. You don't seem to share a lot of yourself with the public. “I don't know. I'm on Instagram and I am sharing a certain version of myself that I want to share with people.”
I noticed on Instagram that you share a lot of in­spirational quotes about love, confidence and never giving up. “Do I? It's so immediate; most of the time I just see things that I like and repost. I don't know; I don't think about it quite that hard.”
Do you feel any pressure to share more? So many actresses share so much of their private lives with the public nowadays. “I don't feel the pressure, no. But I think that has a lot to do with how I grew up. Germans are naturally a little more reserved. But, at the same time, I don't have anything to hide. I don't know the people on social media, so I wouldn't share everything that goes on in my life with them anyway.”
So why did you want to become an actress? What are you hoping to convey to people who watch your films? “I try to make it a reflection of real life. What I enjoy most about a performance is that you can identify with the emotions and the people being portrayed. There are beautiful people who can act, and there are unattractive people who become so beautiful when you watch them because you empathize with them fully. To me, that is the beauty of acting—it's a reflection of what it is to be a human being.”
It sounds like you're also deeply interested in story­telling. “I think it started a little bit more unconsciously but kind of egotistically. [Laughs] I mean, to become an actress, you have to be quite narcissistic—it's all about ‘Here I am, please watch me!' I started as a dancer, and without knowing it I was able to express these really confusing emotions I had as a kid through dance—and be rewarded for it when I performed onstage. I had a very tumultuous upbringing, and I didn't realize how lucky I was to get everything out through dance. I feel like I've been searching for that my entire life—to connect with a medium that makes me connect.”
You've said that you left modelling because acting allowed you to show your vulnerabilities and doubts. After 13 years, does it still fulfill you in the same way? “You personally just gain so much as an actress. You feel. You live those emotions, and that can be very extreme. But, if you allow yourself, you can go on a personal journey as well. It can be unsettling, but it becomes a high you crave.”
Our first-ever Virtual Reality Cover Film will premiere during the Toronto International Film Festival at the Tastemakers Lounge on September 9. Guests of the Tastemakers Lounge and Nikki Beach Toronto at the Spoke Club will be able to watch the film courtesy of Samsung Gear VR and smartphones.
Watch the cover shoot in 3D: Coinciding with the release, our Virtual Reality Cover Film will be available to download on September 9 in the app store viaand. Check back here for updates!
READ MORE:
Watch the behind the scenes video of our 3D cover
The making of our 3D cover
Diane Kruger on set of Elle Canada's 3D cover
The Football Association contacted Sunderland AFC to seek permission to speak with our manager as part of what was supposed to be a confidential discussion process with potential candidates for the position of England manager.
At Sam Allardyce's request, we agreed to this.
Sam is very much key to our plans. After what was an extremely challenging season, we are keen to see a period of stability, both on and off the field, and we want him to remain as manager of our football club.
The ongoing speculation over Sam's position is extremely damaging to Sunderland AFC, particularly at this crucial time of the season and we urge the FA to respect the disruption that this process is causing and bring about a swift resolution to the matter.
Recently, I started on a project to migrate JavaScript to TypeScript in one of Lucidchart's Angular 2 applications. This application has several components, each with its unique view. For those not familiar with Angular 2, a component is merely an encapsulation of a view on a webpage with its associated functionality and styling; e.g., HTML + JS + CSS. In our application, these components use the same data received from the backend, but present a unique view in each of them. The application's performance and usability relies on the fastest possible availability of data. Since some of these components are rendered simultaneously, effective data-sharing was a good solution to greatly improve the user-experience.
Naive implementation
Let's prototype this data-sharing service using TypeScript (JavaScript would look the same):
class SharingService { private data1: CustomType1; getData1():() => Promise { if(goog.isDef(this.data1)){ return Promise.resolve(data1); } return Net.fetch().then(data => { this.data1 = data; return data; }); } } @Component({ templateUrl: ' .html', selector:'custom-comp-foo', }) export class CustomComp implements OnInit { data1: CustomType1; constructor(private sharingService: SharingService) {} ngOnInit() { this.sharingService.getData1().then(d => { this.data1 = d; }); } }
There are several things to note in the above code snippet.
There is a class SharingService which acts like the data-sharing service.
The SharingService class is injected into a component CustomComp using Angular 2's dependency injection framework.
The data is obtained from the SharingService by the CustomComp during its initialization ( ngOnInit ).
The idea of a sharing service here is quite simple. It has a method getData1 that returns a Promise of the data you are interested in and a member variable data1 to store the data. Any other component that's interested in data1 will have a resolved Promise ready to serve up data1 . The following figure better explains the flow of data:
Data-Flow between back-end services and components
While this implementation is straightforward, it's not perfect. When data1 is fetched by a component (say component A) once, it remains the same throughout the lifetime of the component. When the sharing service fetches the data again for another component (say component B), this new data is not available for component A, unless component A polls for it or if component A is restarted. Communication between components A and B to know if the data needs to be loaded again can be painful, complicated, and difficult to scale.
Observables: Promises on Steroids
While a Promise represents a value to be resolved in future, an Observable represents a stream of values throughout. An Observable may be completed, which means it won't emit any further values. An Observer subscribes to these Observables. These Observers are essentially callbacks to emissions of the Observable. This paradigm supports asynchronous operations naturally. In our application, the Angular 2 components have functions which act as Observers, while the data-sharing service can act as an Observable.
Defining Data Sources with Subjects
But since the data-sharing service is not the actual source of the data, Observables are not enough. Our data-sharing service would need to observe the data source (in our case, some HTTP module) while emitting the fetched data. Hence, we need Subjects. A Subject is both an observer and an observable. This is how it works:
class SharingService { private data1= new Subject (); getData1():() => Observable { return this.data1.asObservable(); } refresh() { Net.fetch().then(data => { this.data1.next(data); }); } } //In Component CustomComp ngOnInit() { this.sharingService.getData1().subscribe(d => { if(goog.isDefAndNotNull(d)){ this.data1 = d; } }); }
This sharing service has a Subject. We only need the Observable portion of the subject for our components: The asObservable method is used to get the data. We also have another method called refresh . This method uses the Net module to fetch the data from the back-end service and pipes it into the Subject using the next call, to which it reacts by emitting the same value.
Storing the Last Value with BehaviorSubject
The data reaches the component when refresh is called on the sharing service and when the component subscribes using the method getData1 . However, this solution still isn't quite right. A normal Subject will emit only future events to an Observer after subscription. For example, if component B subscribes to the data after it is refreshed once, it might not get any data at all unless it's refreshed again or it subscribed before data was fetched by the Net module. But there is an easier solution to this problem.
BehaviorSubject solves our last problem; it is a type of Subject which always emits the last emitted value to any new subscriber. Unfortunately, BehaviorSubject needs an initial value. Since our data source is a back-end service, there is no synchronous value to initialize with. Hence, we live with using an undefined as the initial state. The key benefit in this approach is that when component B initiates a refresh, component A will automatically receive the new data. Component A doesn't need any kind of messaging system to be informed about new data. The data in component A is ever-changing throughout its lifetime.
Dealing with Update Propagation
There is still one more problem left to be addressed. Since none of the components talk to each other, it's pretty hard to know when a refresh needs to happen. There is no reason to fetch the data before it's actually necessary. At the same time, each component shouldn't need to refresh again and again unless it's necessary. The simplest solution might be to add a flag to the SharingService , to indicate the availability of data. However, this solution requires that the components know about the internals of our SharingService . A better approach might be to expose a different API to the components that takes care of handling the refresh internally. Here is what it looks like:
class SharingService { private data1 = new BehaviorSubject (undefined); private fetching: boolean; private getData1() { return this.data1.asObservable(); } awaitData() { if(!goog.isDef(this.data1.getValue()) && !this.fetching){ this.refresh(); } return this.getData1(); } refresh() { this.fetching = true; Net.fetch().then(data => { this.fetching = false; this.data1.next(data); },err => { this.fetching = false; this.data1.error(err); }); } } //In CustomCompB ngOnInit() { this.updateData(); // Function that changes data1 this.sharingService.refresh(); }
Several improvements have been made in the above snippet. The awaitData method is a better solution to the last problem—it decides whether or not it is necessary to fetch new data while returning an Observable of the data source. We also added error handling to the refresh method. The below sequence diagram helps visualize the interactions between all the pieces from our final example:
Sequence Diagram with BehaviorSubject
How Can You Benefit From Observables
To summarize, using the Observable pattern provides the following key benefits while developing complex web applications:
Public Views of the Divide between Religion and Politics
Recent comments by presidential candidate Rick Santorum have brought renewed attention to the role of religion in politics. In both 2010 and 2008, narrow majorities said that churches and other houses of worship should keep out of political matters rather than express their views on social and political questions, according to polls by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press and the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life.
That represented a change from earlier in the 2000s and the 1990s, when more Americans supported churches and other houses of worship speaking out on political matters. However, opinions in 201o were nearly identical to those in a 1968 Gallup survey, when 53% said churches should keep out of political matters.
While support for churches' involvement in politics has fluctuated, there has been consistent agreement over the years that houses of worship should not directly endorse political candidates. In 2010, 70% said churches and other houses of worship should not come out in favor of one candidate over another; just 24% say they should. These opinions have changed little over the past decade.
The public has been divided over the amount of expressions of religious faith by politicians: in 2010, 37% said there had been too little expression of religious faith by political leaders while 29% said there had been too much, and 24% said political leaders expressed religious faith the right amount. These opinions also had shown relatively little change from previous Pew Research Center religion and politics surveys.
More Oppose Churches Expressing Political Views
From 2004 to 2008, there was a sharp increase in the percentage of Americans saying that churches and other houses of worship should keep out of political matters. Notably, much of this change came among conservatives. (See “More Americans Question Religion's Role in Politics,” Aug. 21, 2008.)
In 2004, just 30% of conservative Republicans said houses of worship should keep out of political matters. But in 2008, 48% of conservative Republicans expressed this view; that percentage fell to 40% in 2010.
Democrats' opinions about the role of churches in politics changed less during this period. In 2010, 56% said they should keep out of political matters, which was comparable to opinions in 2008 (52%) and 2004 (51%).
White evangelical Protestants are more supportive of an active political role for churches and other houses of worship than are members of most other religious groups. In 2010, 39% of white evangelicals said churches should stay out of political matters; that compared with 60% of white mainline Protestants and 56% of white Catholics. Still, the percentage of white evangelicals saying houses of worship should stay out of political matters increased from 28% in 2004 to 39% in 2010.
Church Endorsements, Politicians' Expressions of Faith
The public has consistently opposed churches making political endorsements: In 2010, 70% said that during elections churches and other houses of worship should not come out in favor of one candidate over another. Just 24% said houses of worship should endorse candidates. These opinions are little changed since 2004.
The percentage of Republicans supporting endorsements by churches has declined – from 39% in 2004 to 28% in 2010. Opinions among Democrats and independents have shown less change. In 2010, 21% of Democrats and 24% of independents favored churches endorsing candidates.
In 2010, more Americans said political leaders express religious faith too little (37%) rather than too much (29%); 24% said there had been the right amount of expression of religious faith by political leaders.
Republicans have long been more likely than Democrats to say there is too little expression of religious faith by political leaders. But both parties are divided over this issue.
Fully 60% of conservative Republicans said there was too little expression of religious faith by political leaders; just 25% of moderate and liberal Republicans agree. Among Democrats, 47% of liberals said politicians mentioned religious faith too much, compared with just 26% of the party's conservatives and moderates.
Among religious groups, a majority of white evangelical Protestants (56%) – and about the same percentage of black Protestants (51%) – said there was too little expression of religious faith by political leaders. Other religious groups are more divided. Among the religiously unaffiliated, 53% said there has been too much expression of faith by political leaders.
Parties' Friendliness to Religion
Since 2003, the GOP has consistently been viewed as more friendly to religion than the Democ ratic Party. In November 2011, 43% of Americans said the Republican Party was friendly to religion, while 30% said the Democratic Party was friendly to religion.
But the percentages saying each party is friendly to religion have declined in recent years. Last November, 43% said the Republican Party was friendly to religion, 26% said the GOP was neutral toward religion, while 19% said it was unfriendly. From 2003-2008, about 50% viewed the GOP as friendly to religion.
Opinions about whether the Democratic Party is friendly to religion have fluctuated in recent years. In the 2010 survey, 30% said the Democratic Party was friendly to religion. A plurality (40%) said the Democratic Party was neutral to religion, and 20% viewed it as unfriendly Fewer said the party was friendly to religion than did so in 2008 (38%) or 2003 (42%). (For more, see “Romney's Mormon Faith Likely a Factor in Primaries, Not in a General Election,” Nov. 23, 2011.)
I'm obsessed with football. I've got no problem admitting that.
It's an unhealthy obsession in a way. I've got my best friend's wedding coming up in the New Year, someone I've known all my life, but it's around finals time in the W-League. I'm weighing up what I'll do if my team is in the finals, when the simple answer should be, ‘Go to your best friend's wedding'.
Football is everything to me and the reason I love the game so much is because if I wasn't playing football, if it wasn't so important in my life, I don't know what kind of person I would've become.
I don't know what my pathway would have been. I've got a feeling it wouldn't have been a good one.
I know me. I know the kind of character I am. I was the sort of person who told people what I thought and didn't care about the consequences. But football taught me discipline and to think about the team and do the right thing.
It taught me how to communicate. It's still teaching me. I've learned skills – and I'm not talking about football skills now, but real life skills – I never thought I'd have.
Football gave me routine. When I was young, if you'd taken football away from me I wouldn't have known what to do. It kept me on the straight and narrow. Without it I reckon I would've run amok as a teenager.
When I play, I can just escape from the world. It's me, the ball and my team. It's like you give your all to something and just disappear within it.
The downside of it is that when you lose, it hurts. Bad. I don't sleep for days and it's not until I get the opportunity to get back on the field that I feel better, but that's how I see football. It has given me a life of doing something I love.
PAY PHONES & THE DOLE
I was 15 when I made the decision to leave home and follow my dream. I'd been identified by the Young Matildas and they needed me to be playing in the women's competition. But there wasn't a team at home in Western Australia. The nearest was in Adelaide, so that's where I went.
It wasn't like a proper competition, just a few states. The W-League hadn't been formed yet. I had to pay to be registered. I remember being 15, 16 years old, living away from home and with nothing in my bank account.
This was before mobile phones and back then I had to use a pay-phone and scrape together 50 cents here and there to call Mum back home to let her know I was still alive. I went on the dole to get some money.
I stayed with the coach or the manager, which was fine. Then I stayed with a player and she was quite wild. It wasn't like I was constantly in an environment where I was properly looked after, but it helped me grow up fast.
I was a baby, really, but I was thinking like a 21-year-old. I had to have the mentality of a young adult.
It's tough when you're out of school and you've got no friends or family around you, but I was chasing my dream. If I thought, ‘Why am I doing this?', the answer was, ‘I want to be a Matilda'.
Once I settled in I made good friends and the experience built character. I'd go back home in the off-season and try to study and catch up on all the schooling I'd missed, but I never got back to that properly. I wasn't very good at school anyway.
NEW PAY DEAL, NEW ISSUE
I look back now and I know I became the player I am because I had to develop that work ethic. The circumstances were never easy, but I still wanted it so badly and to get it I had to work my backside off.
That's why, as much as it's great, of course, for the women to get better pay and conditions, I hope it never reaches the stage where they feel entitled, where it gets too easy to survive. Because it's that mental toughness that is the key.
When you're mentally tough and resilient and you've got that belief, that's what creates a player. I had to fight for everything I wanted and that comes out in my playing style. I didn't have the typical teenage years, because I had to make all these sacrifices.
The downside of it is that when you lose, it hurts. Bad. I don't sleep for days and it's not until I get the opportunity to get back on the field that I feel better, but that's how I see football. It has given me a life of doing something I love.
I remember, being in Adelaide, my sister would ring me from back home and she'd be out with all of her friends having a good time and I was by myself. If I'd just lost a game I'd think, ‘What am I doing here?', but my heart always told me, ‘You know why you're doing it'.
Since my early 20s I've had a big profile, so clubs that did sign me were going to be paying the top range at the time. I've done all right out of football. I mean, I'm not rich, but I'm not poor.
I arrived in the era when they started with contracts and then I played overseas. The younger girls now will probably go on to make a lot more than I have in my career, but I'll be happy to see that. I'll be glad to have been a pioneer.
MY MESSAGE TO ‘STAJ'
I'll turn 33 in November and now that I'm getting older I take it step-by-step and I'm constantly communicating with Alen Stajcic.
I said to him straight up, ‘If there's any time you feel I'm not keeping up, you need to tell me', and he's like, ‘You can play until you're bloody 40', but I don't want to play until I'm 40.
I want to keep playing while I'm still doing it at a high level and I'm passionate for the team, but I don't want to ever be a token selection just because I might be playing reasonably well and I'm a leader.
I wouldn't let it get to that point anyway. When I leave, I want to do it on a high note. I want people to remember me as someone who left everything on the field right to the end and who could have possibly played on for an extra two years. I don't want any question marks.
There's a bit of a revolution happening with the Matildas now, as everyone can see. It was fantastic to play in front of a full house when we beat Brazil at Penrith on Saturday and we're looking forward to playing them in front of another big crowd in Newcastle on Tuesday night.
I arrived in the era when they started with contracts and then I played overseas. The younger girls now will probably go on to make a lot more than I have in my career, but I'll be happy to see that. I'll be glad to have been a pioneer.
Australians love winners and we're winning. But it's not just that. We're playing good football and fighting hard. Aussies love their teams to show heart and soul and that's the reason why we're hot property at the moment.
We've done the hard yards. We've had to fight for everything, from getting the right gear to being paid better, staying in a good hotel . . . We're now getting the sort of respect the male players do and, when you compare the two, we put in just as much effort as the guys.
CHASING TIM CAHILL
The goal I scored on Saturday was one of the best of my international career. I'd scored one like that for South Melbourne and I tweeted something about how it would be great to score a similar one for the Matildas, playing in front of a sell-out crowd.
Things happen if you want them badly enough. The ball came on to my foot really well and I just went, ‘You know what, I'm just going to hit this.' I knew from the way I connected it was going to be on target and probably go in.
I'm proud to have the all-time goal-scoring record for the Matildas. People tell me I'm only five behind Timmy Cahill's total for the Socceroos and I'd like to chase that. I'm always chasing goals, always chasing records and trophies. I always want to achieve and do my bit for the team.
The aim for all of us on Tuesday night will be to just keep winning and improve along the way.
I'll go in to play with a lot of energy, like I always do. I grew up playing with the local boys in my neighbourhood and they were rough, they were dirty, and if you wanted to win the ball you had to compete hard.
That's where I developed my competitive nature. It's been ingrained in me ever since.
The York school board's director of education — cited numerous times in a scathing report for his conduct and lack of leadership — has been given until Tuesday to respond to calls for his dismissal, but observers say even if he doesn't step down, his days are numbered. In J. Philip Parappally's 10-year contract with the board, which also has a subsequent “job for life” clause, the York Region District School Board has the right to fire him for cause, or, “in its absolute discretion, for any reason,” give him a year's pay and show him the door.
J. Philip Parappally, director of education for the York Region District School Board, has until Tuesday to respond to calls for his dismissal. ( Cole Burston / For Toronto Star ) Reviewers sent in by the education minister to probe the troubled York Region District School Board recommended a ban on international travel, among other things, in a report released Tuesday. ( COLE BURSTON / FOR TORONTO STAR )
An independent job performance appraisal is also on the horizon, after being ordered by the education minister, which is being completed by the end of May. In many ways, however, “the performance appraisal has already been done — in public,” said Charles Pascal, a former deputy minister of education who is now a professor in the University of Toronto's education faculty. The blistering report from two provincial reviewers slammed Parappally's unusually long contract and the promise of a supervisory position at the end, and noted most senior staff do not have confidence in him as a leader.
Article Continued Below
The reviewers heard from parents who say he treated them with disrespect, fostered a “culture of mistrust” among senior educators, ordered staff to spy on one another, and that overall “the administrative side of the school board is struggling . . . suffering from damaged relationships, low morale, mistrust and a lack of strong, principled leadership.” At a board meeting Wednesday night, sources told the Star that trustees voted unanimously in private to call on him to resign before they begin the “laborious and complex” process of firing him for cause. But before they could hand him the notice to dismiss in writing, he left the room, sources say. Parappally must respond after the Easter long weekend, by Tuesday's board meeting. His contract states that if he is dismissed for cause, it can be done so “without notice or pay.” He could not be reached Thursday for comment. Board spokesperson Licinio Miguelo said the director was “scheduled out of the office,” and had not replied to messages.
After the report was released, Education Minister Mitzie Hunter ordered the board to complete a “360” performance review of Parappally by the end of May. They were also told to create a clear process for the hiring and monitoring of the director position. “The trustees have the authority to address the director's contract; that is something that would be up to the trustees,” she told the Star Thursday when questioned about trustees' asking him to resign.
Article Continued Below
“My focus is on the board fulfilling the 22 directions that I have provided. I know they have already started on that, and I'm looking forward to them continuing to follow that path.” In the report, some of the interviewees said the controversial hiring of Parappally was believed to be “the cause of, and the beginning of, much of the difficulty the school board is currently facing.” Hunter has told trustees to renegotiate his contract and ‘job for life' clause, as well the independent performance appraisal. Pascal said the board, however, must do more than deal with issues around the director, given the myriad troubles outlined by the reviewers, including trustees who are unclear of their role and responsibilities, and who failed to act after high-profile incidents of anti-black racism and Islamophobia. “If the focus is just on the director and there's no real reflection . . . you can't transition to a better future unless the (trustees) really understand how they messed up in the hiring, monitoring and the contract itself,” he said. “I would put my money on, down the road, some form of supervision to reflect and just to ensure that the board as a whole really understands what good governance looks like.” He said Hunter has “been very patient . . . (and moving) step by step according to the Education Act.” Board Chair Loralea Carruthers said trustees are “united, working together on a clear path” and acting quickly. “We are committed to moving forward in an open and transparent manner to restore public confidence in our board and ensure we are providing our students with a safe, inclusive and welcoming learning environment,” she said in a statement. She has refused to comment on the director's future because it is a personnel matter. However, the board did report that in a private session, trustees “approved the motion regarding a personnel matter.” Parents continue to call for Parappally to resign, saying he must go if the board is ever to get past its difficulties. Parappally was given an unheard-of 10-year contract under then-chair Anna DeBartolo without any real performance review. Parappally was also guaranteed a job for life with the board after the deal expired, according to a copy of his contract obtained by the Star last April. Sources have told the Star Parappally was negotiating an exit strategy with the province before the report's release, though it fell through after he made unreasonable demands for a payout. Parappally, who was hired in 2014, still has seven years on his contract. He earned $259,000 last year.
Sleep loss in mice sends the brain's immune cells into overdrive. This might be helpful in the short term, but could increase the risk of dementia in the long run
Thanasis Zovoilis/Getty
Burning the midnight oil may well burn out your brain. The brain cells that destroy and digest worn-out cells and debris go into overdrive in mice that are chronically sleep-deprived.
In the short term, this might be beneficial – clearing potentially harmful debris and rebuilding worn circuitry might protect healthy brain connections. But it may cause harm in the long term, and could explain why a chronic lack of sleep puts people at risk of Alzheimer's disease and other neurological disorders, says Michele Bellesi of the Marche Polytechnic University in Italy.
Bellesi reached this conclusion after studying the effects of sleep deprivation in mice. His team compared the brains of mice that had either been allowed to sleep for as long as they wanted or had been kept awake for a further eight hours. Another group of mice is kept awake for five days in a row – mimicking the effects of chronic sleep loss.
Advertisement
The team specifically looked at glial cells, which form the brain's housekeeping system. Earlier research had found that a gene that regulates the activity of these cells is more active after a period of sleep deprivation.
Read more: So many reasons why sleep is too important to miss
One type of glial cell, called an astrocyte, prunes unnecessary synapses in the brain to remodel its wiring. Another type, called a microglial cell, prowls the brain for damaged cells and debris.
Bellisi's team found that after an undisturbed sleep, astrocytes appeared to be active in around 6 per cent of the synapses in the brains of the well-rested mice. But astrocytes seemed to be more active in sleep-deprived mice – those that had lost eight hours of sleep showed astrocyte activity in around 8 per cent of their synapses, while the cells were active in 13.5 per cent of the synapses of the chronically sleep-deprived animals.
This suggests that sleep loss can trigger astrocytes to start breaking down more of the brain's connections and their debris. “We show for the first time that portions of synapses are literally eaten by astrocytes because of sleep loss,” says Bellesi.
For all we know, this may be a good thing. Much of the remodelling was of the largest synapses, which are more mature and used more intensively. “They are like old pieces of furniture, and so probably need more attention and cleaning,” says Bellesi.
But the team also found that microglial cells were more active after chronic sleep deprivation.
This is a more worrying find, says Bellesi; excessive microglial activity has been linked to a range of brain disorders. “We already know that sustained microglial activation has been observed in Alzheimer's and other forms of neurodegeneration,” he says.
The finding could explain why a lack of sleep seems to make people more vulnerable to developing such dementias, says Agnès Nadjar of the University of Bordeaux in France.
It's not yet clear whether getting more sleep could protect the brain or rescue it from the effects of a few sleepless nights. The researchers plan to investigate how long the effects of sleep deprivation last.
Journal reference: Journal of Neuroscience, DOI: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.3981-16.2017
Read more: Mystery of what sleep does to our brains may finally be solved; How much sleep do you really need?
One of the lots up for sale is on Fourth Ave in the South End. / photo via Albany County Land Bank
The Albany County Land Bank is selling off a handful of vacant lots around the city of Albany for $100 each (plus a few other costs) in a program it's calling... "Spend a little, get a lot!"*
The application process starts today, June 1, and runs through June 30. Press release blurbage:
The Land Bank has identified 40 tax-foreclosed, vacant lots to participate in the program. Most of the lots are located in the Land Bank's Focus Areas: the Arbor Hill, Sheridan Hollow, South End, West End and West Hill neighborhoods in the City of Albany. To be eligible, buyers must be property owners located on the same block as the participating lot and must be current on all taxes, water/sewer bills, and have no outstanding code violations or unresolved foreclosures. Preference will be given to applications based on factors including proximity to the lot and ownership status. Buyers will have 30 days from the date of purchase to ensure the property meets all City of Albany codes and will be required to retain ownership of the property for a period of five years.
The land bank link above has a map of the vacant lots, along with a detailed info page explaining eligibility and some of the additional costs involved. (Though the purchase price is just $100, total costs will be at least $700.)
Vacant lots are kind of like missing teeth in a streetscape, especially in dense neighborhoods. Bringing some sort of activity to them -- a garden, a neighborhood gathering space, just some regularly-mown grass -- can be a big help to a street.
Land bank?
Land banks are a relatively new concept. The idea is that they serve as a bridge between when a vacant property is seized in tax foreclosure and when it's bought by a new owner for renovation and/or redevelopment. Land banks acquire the properties, stabilize them, and then market them for sale with the aim of finding buyers who will redevelop them responsibly. The orgs can also "bank" properties (thus the name) to group them or otherwise set them up for better chances of successful development.
The Capital Region has three land banks: Albany County Land Bank, Troy Community Land Bank, and Capital Region Land Bank (Schenectady and Amsterdam).
* (rimshot) They'll be here all week.
Ted Cruz: Donald Trump may encourage riots at contested GOP convention
Keep clicking for an explanation of what happens at a contested convention.
Sen. Ted Cruz said in an interview aired Sunday on CBS' Face the Nation that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump "may do everything he can to encourage riots" if he loses at a contested convention. less Keep clicking for an explanation of what happens at a contested convention.
Sen. Ted Cruz said in an interview aired Sunday on CBS' Face the Nation that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump "may do everything he can ... more Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Ted Cruz: Donald Trump may encourage riots at contested GOP convention 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
Anticipation continues to heat up for trouble — or disaster — at the Republican Party's national convention in Cleveland in July.
If no winner emerges in the primary vote, the assembly of delegates will pick a winner, and it may not be front runner Donald Trump.
RELATED: Prospect emerges for GOP convention chaos
For Sen. Ted Cruz, an upset win at the convention remains the only hope of nabbing the nomination. In an interview aired Sunday on CBS' Face the Nation, host John Dickerson asked Cruz, "won't that lead to riots" if the convention goes against the primary vote?
"No, it won't," Cruz said. "Although Donald may do everything he can to encourage riots."
In March, Trump predicted riots at the convention if he entered with the most delegates and left without the nomination. Many critics alleged that Trump's pronouncement amounted to subtle encouragement to his supporters.
RELATED: Speaker Ryan: Trump's riot predictions 'unacceptable'
Even before that, Cruz had said there would be a "manifest revolt" if the convention subverts the primary process. That was referring to a slightly different scenario — a "brokered," not just contested convention — and it was before Cruz needed a contested convention to win.
Now, the two leading GOP candidates have taken divergent paths toward the nomination. Trump aims to cross the 1,237-delegate threshold needed to win the nomination outright before the convention. Whether he can do that likely will remain in the air until the nation's last primary in California on June 7.
Meanwhile, the Cruz campaign has dominated the process of nominating convention delegates, and it stands a good chance of winning if the convention goes to a second and third round of voting. Getting there means blocking Trump from an outright win.
RELATED: After N.Y. loss, Cruz officially aims at long slog to contested convention
The New York billionaire has assailed the delegate process in countless TV appearances, calling the system "rigged" against him and alleging that the candidate with the most delegates ahead of the convention — even if without the requisite majority — should win the nomination.
"Majorities matter and it's why Donald wants to change the rules and rig the system," Cruz said on Face the Nation, borrowing the rhetoric his opponent has used to make headlines.
RELATED: Divisive GOP presidential race ventures into unknown territory
He presented a football analogy: "If you're on the 30-yeard line, it's not a touchdown. Donald right now is on the 30-yard line and he wants everyone to say, 'hey the game is over because he's past the 50."
Party leaders stress that long-existing rules prescribe the delegate re-vote at a contested convention if no candidate wins a majority beforehand. They'll face an uphill climb countering the narrative of Trump, who overshadows every other figure in this race with his overwhelming TV air time. He continues to allege that the GOP system is broken and corrupt, and has previously encouraged his supporters to protest.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that a coalition of outside groups are fundraising and organize to bring as many Trump supporters as possible to Cleveland under a social media campaign called "Stop the Steal"--a reference to a possible upset win at the convention.
The City of Cleveland recently bought 2,000 sets of police riot armor and 2,500 interlocking steel barricades in preparation for the July convention.
Our last game had fallen apart, I had just set up a couple of underpowered encounters that didn't work. I think that the natural reaction to the DM falling flat on his face is to over-prepare, but looking back at things, I don't think that I did. We had talked about what we wanted to do, and I got permission to advance my orc time-line. For myself, since I had failed, I decided to take the game back to its very roots and run a hex-crawl. I created maps that I thought that I would need, and of course transferred data from our main TSR map to a blown up hex grid map. This is actually the first time that I have done this! A full color overland map? Yes, we were entering the fabulous world of 1e . . . well, not really, this is exactly what the 2e DMG says to do. I am used to playing at low to mid level games, and travel is rather limited, but at high levels this is no longer the case.
The goal that the players have set for themselves is to find the Orc Mine and shut it down so that the enemy can no longer create arms and armor. I had run a mine in the past that wasn't fully explored, that mine was simply a nightmare scenario that used the mine more as a backdrop or setting, an in and out kind of deal with horrible creatures that could not be, haunting the halls; so I had a basic map already done, I just needed to make this mine functional. I am glad that I had kept my rough draft of the mine, it was drawn in pencil, so I could erase sections and redraw it in a more functional manner.
The mine map is a bit strange, I have always found those giant poster maps to be impractical, so I always keep them on 1 page that can be covered by my screen, else a piece of paper. If I had drawn the place to scale, it would have gone off the paper, so I tend to draw abstract. Most rooms are to scale, however the halls and super large rooms are not, I can either write how long a hall really is on the map itself, and I always put the exact dimensions in the key. Some places, I really don't want to map at all! Such as the mine work area itself, it is massive but it isn't necessarily something that you want to actually draw in, first of all, it takes to long, and the second reason is that running an exact maze is boring on game day. For those areas, I do draw how special rooms interact with the rest of the map, but I create the fine details in the key.
It is always a decision if one really needs a map or not. Many encounters can be run better and more easily without one, but sometimes space is important. I decided that I needed one more map; the main entrance for the Orcs, this place should feature really tight security so I drew up a fort, and keyed that as well.
I wanted the mine to stretch for miles and miles, with multiple entrances which I added to my over-world map. I also had to beef up my orcs, so I created classed orcs of different levels. Spells are my current issue, so I knew that I needed orc spell casters, to simulate different spell lists I created some random tables of detailed spell lists that I can quickly roll up as they are encountered. I have all enemy spell casters the same level, and I can have up to 4 mages and 2 clerics, this list isn't as done as I wanted it to be, but I had so much to do that I just let it go at that. I placed major big baddies where they would normally hang out, and what they might be doing on my key, and set up the normal security for the place, which is really high because of all of the slaves toiling away down there. The population is way too big to list everything, so I created a random encounter list specifically for the mine.
For the over-world, I created even more Random Encounters lists! Two standard lists based upon similar land detailed in my Grayhawk boxset, but I did modify it some, I wanted creatures that really would be there, and wouldn't give the players any unintentional red herrings. This list turned out to be really great! The random scenarios worked smooth and it felt like the world was really alive. A third Random Encounter list which was only checked in areas under Orc control was my most advanced list; this one contained details, and sub-lists to roll which would make the encounter unique each time. Instead of just having Orc, it had a sub list of scenarios and activities that they are doing at the time.
A fourth list was just filler. Keywords that weren't all combat related, but just something that I could quickly roll against to provide details about what the party stumbles across while exploring an undetailed hex space. Typically I make this stuff up, and I still do, but I found that the little bit of effort that went into typing it up made running the game so much easier!
I had created a key to places on the overworld map, many of them didn't require any real map, I'd just make it up if the players went there. I had no idea of where they would go, so I just prepped a huge area so that they could go anywhere and I was ready.
I did modify the village of Halfhap, making it a Halfling community, with a few productive gnomes mixed in who would trek out in the foothills and mountains looking for gems. I added a lost gnome village that was only filled in via the key, I didn't need a map for it, even though it was an important place. I didn't know if the players would find it or not!
In short, I did not create any set piece encounters. No events . . . oh wait, I did do that. I wanted to know where the major orc forces would be, so I created a timeline so that I could track their general movements and activities in case the players stumbled into them. This was extremely helpful for obvious reasons.
GAME DAY!
Play was, for the most part, one of those nice leisurely games that are productive. I had enough done so I didn't feel over-whelmed, and it allowed me to get my confidence back! The party healed up in Halfhap, and followed cryptic leads to the lost gnome village of Mallowhep. They are currently exploring the deep underground passages of the old founder, a powerful gnome illusionist, whose spells are still active even after he has long expired.
We did have one exciting happening! I have beefed up my encounters, and I got to try one. During the night, a couple of trolls sniffed the party out, and the Ranger (who was on watch) decided to only wake up the Myrmidon who started the game all beat up from his escape from the mine which took place in backstory only. I had lied and told the ranger that he only saw 2 really big orcs, so when the two attacked them, they got the shock of their lives! The other players rolled to see if they woke up, but everyone failed, so it was 2 trolls vs. 1 full strength ranger and a myrmidon with low hp. The myrmidon was dishing out some heavy damage, but he was also taking it as well, he ended up falling. I didn't kill him because he had started the game in an unfair disadvantage and we had only been playing for 5 or 10 minutes before this happened, so I fudged a couple of dice rolls and judged him unconscious and a prisoner of one of the trolls who picked him up and carried him.
I had also beat the hell out of the Ranger, who wasn't dishing out much damage, he was rolling terribly and I was rolling awesome. Once it was just him vs. 2 very beat up trolls, I covered my map and took down my screen so everybody could see my rolls. He was able to kill one troll and get the other to drop his buddy, this troll had 6hp left, and the ranger was down to 3hp. If he failed, the party was looking at a TPK, and it all hinged on him winning initiative, and scoring a better than normal attack, because on its next attack the troll was going to kill him. He ended up just barely winning initiative, and then rolled a 20. His first damage dice was just a 1, but his second, which had to be at least a 5 was successful as well.
Afterwards we discussed if I had gone too far, but the player who played the Ranger said that the encounter was perfect. Even if he had lost, it was because of his own errors. He thought that I handled it fairly, granting unconsciousness to the myrmidon, and pointed out that the encounter would have been a different story if he would have woken everybody up like he should have.
And, one more technical note, before closing. I didn't want to waste time rolling up monster hp, so instead I decided low, med, or high and just used averages. This kept the game flow going and saved a ton of time! We all had fun.
NEW – 32m Maverick PRO-SYSTEM
Introductory offer – £170.00 (with FREE UK Mainland Shipping) ORDER HERE NOW
Maverick PRO-SYSTEM from Maverick Slacklines on Vimeo.
* Safe-Release-System (Smooth De-tensioning)
* 2 x Long Handle Ratchets
* 2 x 2.5m Round Slings
* 2 x Alloy Bow Shackles
* Ratchet Backup Cord
* Instruction Setup Guide & Duffle Bag
* Fully tested to European standards
* Easy to set up and take down
Highly anticipated, The New Maverick Pro-system has been developed to meet the changing demands of the modern slackliner. As slacklining evolves, the equipment must evolve with it and the pro-system is the next generation of slackline kits.
The kit has many features which improve performance, safety and durability and make for a more versatile system. Whilst this kit is perfect for more advanced users and serious trickliners, it is also a great, user-friendly choice for anyone wanting to invest in a high-quality slackline kit.
Webbing – Our new pro-system webbing has a great dynamic feel. It has more stretch and more power, meaning that you can get effortless air on dynamic tricks without such high impact forces being exerted on your body. At 32M long it is one of the longest kits available and the extra length makes it great for all sorts of situations – rigging waterlines, surfing, etc, and also gives the all-rounder a taste of longlining as you can easily rig 100ft lines, varying the tension to increase difficulty.
Hardware – The kit comes with 2.5M long, 2T spansets and 3.25T Bow shackles to connect to trees, this is much safer and more versatile than the traditional ‘choke' method and will greatly increase the lifespan of the gear. 2 long-handled Ratchets provide all the power you need without over-filling the spool.
Safe-Release-System – Strong, safe and easy to use, our ‘Safe-Release-System takes the stress out of releasing the line, making de-tensioning a more pleasurable experience. This system allows smooth, controlled release. Safer, easier to use and much kinder to you and your webbing.
Technical specification
* Mainline webbing – 32M X 50mm polyester 4000kgs MBS
* All other main components/connections rated to 5000kgs MBS minimum
* Ratchet back-up cord 1M X 750kgs polyester braid
* Optimal length for dynamic tricklining 18-22M
Order your Maverick PRO-SYSTEM here
If you're ordering from Highlands & Islands, Northern Ireland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Channel Islands or for Worldwide shipping please contact us at – orders@maverickslacklines.co.uk
We also can now take orders over the phone. Call us now on 0845 652 9990
International Shipping – By popular demand shipping to the United States, Mexico, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Portugal & Spain – have now been added to our online shop for the new Maverick PRO-SYSTEM here
Tweet
Reuters U.S. President Barack Obama faces steep odds of even getting his budget proposal looked at.
WASHINGTON--President Barack Obama packed his final budget proposal with more than $4.1 trillion in tax breaks and spending in a fiscal 2017 plan designed to find a few spots of bipartisan agreement now while also laying out a broader liberal policy agenda for a future Democratic administration.
The proposal, which also calls for more than $2.6 trillion in revenues over a decade, primarily from top earners and businesses, provoked partisan sniping even before he formally sent it to Congress on Tuesday.
It isn't unusual for such proposals in a president's final year to be declared dead on arrival on Capitol Hill, but Tuesday's blueprint appeared dead before arrival. Congressional Republicans last week announced they wouldn't invite the White House's budget chief to testify on the administration's proposals, breaking with longstanding protocol.
Also see: White House forecasts the fastest economic growth in a decade
This year's budget proposal also carries less weight because Obama prevailed on Republicans last fall to ease across-the-board spending caps known as the sequester, striking a two-year deal that raises spending limits through September 2017.
Instead, Obama is trying to shape the debate that his successor will inherit: What should the nation prioritize in a slowly growing economy when spending on programs to care for an aging population will crowd out other investments? And how will taxpayers fund those programs without adding to budget deficits?
An expanded version of this story is available at WSJ.com
Forest Laboratories and Pierre Fabre yesterday revealed that their investigational depression drug, levomilnacipran, was no better than placebo in a late-stage trial to treat major depressive disorder.
However, the companies appeared upbeat, saying levomilnacipran “consistently” showed improvement over placebo despite the results failing to reach statistical significance. They also point to an earlier Phase II study, which did demonstrate a significant improvement of the levomilnacipran group over placebo receivers.
Forest and Pierre Fabre say two additional Phase III studies of the serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor in MDD are underway, with results expected to be made available in the second half of the year.
MDD affects around 18 million people in the USA alone, costing the country's healthcare system in the region of $44 billion every year. The World Health Organisation predicts depression will become the leading cause of disability by the year 2020.
It's been revealed that major Hollywood movie studios including Disney, Paramount, Fox, Sony and Universal attempted to have torrent sites added to New Zealand's already controversial Internet child protection filter. Alongside ISPs' objections to the proposal, the Kiwi government rejected the request.
Website blocking has become one of the music and movie industries' favored weapons in their seemingly endless fight against online piracy. Blocks of torrent and other sharing sites are in place in many countries around Europe, mainly due to court injunctions forcing ISPs to take action against copyright infringement.
While legal action is one way of introducing a blockade, other methods require much less time, effort and money. This week the spotlight was placed on the UK, where the government has pressured ISPs to introduce default-on filtering for their subscribers, ostensibly for the protection of children. The result is huge overblocking and conveniently for the entertainment industries, hundreds – possibly thousands – of file-sharing sites wiped out with the correct settings.
With the right level of knowledge these filters can be turned off, but other more serious national anti-child abuse mechanisms cannot.
The UK's Internet Watch Foundation (IWF) maintains a blocklist of URLs that point to sexual child abuse content. Over in New Zealand the Department of Internal Affairs maintains DCEFS, the Digital Child Exploitation Filtering System. Both are run in cooperation with the countries' ISPs with the sole aim of keeping the most objectionable material away from public eyes.
Today, however, it's been revealed that Hollywood attempted to broaden the remit of New Zealand's DCEFS in order to protect their own interests.
The Motion Pictures Distributors Association (MPDA) has a familiar sounding name and unsurprisingly has some well-known backers. Fox, Sony, Paramount, Disney, Universal and Roadshow are all members of the group which coordinates the distribution of movies in New Zealand.
According to a RadioLIVE report, in order to prevent copyright infringement the studios requested access to the DCEFS child abuse filtering system.
After obtaining government permission, Hollywood hoped to add their own list of sites to DCEFS so that by default subscribers to New Zealand's main ISPs would be prohibited from accessing torrent and other file-sharing type sites.
But in the face of objections from both the ISPs and the Kiwi government, Hollywood was forced to scrap its plans.
“[The ISPs] were not prepared to agree to that extension and in any case it would have shifted the mandate somewhat from [the Department of Internal Affairs'] primary focus on preventing sexual abuse of young children,” Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne told the show.
There can be little doubt that Hollywood believes web filtering is an effective mechanism to reduce infringement – MPAA chief Chris Dodd explicitly said so during his speech at the International IP Enforcement Summit last month. But the notion that governments should treat the filtering of copyrighted content and child abuse in the same way is not only controversial but unlikely to win sympathy with the public.
Officials within the UN are pushing the notion that the human population should be reduced in order to effectively combat climate change.
The long standing notion has been continually pushed by Christiana Figueres, the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC). In 2013, Figueres had a conversation with Climate One founder Greg Dalton regarding “fertility rates in population,” as a contributor to climate change.
The comments are made at 4.20 into the following video:
“A related issue is fertility rates in population.” Dalton opined. “A lot of people in energy and environmental circles don't wanna go near that because it's politically charged. It's not their issue.” he added.
“But isn't it true that stopping the rise of the population would be one of the biggest levers and driving the rise of green house gases?” Dalton asked.
“Obviously fewer people would exert less pressure on the natural resources,” Figueres answered, also noting that estimates suggest the Earth's population will rise to nine billion by 2050.
Dalton then questioned whether that figure could in some way be stalled or halted.
“So is nine billion a forgone conclusion? That's like baked in, done, no way to change that?” he asked Figueres.
“There is pressure in the system to go toward that; we can definitely change those, right? We can definitely change those numbers,” Figueres said in response.
“Really, we should make every effort to change those numbers because we are already, today, already exceeding the planet's planetary carrying capacity.” she also claimed.
“So yes we should do everything possible. But we cannot fall into the very simplistic opinion of saying just by curtailing population then we've solved the problem. It is not either/or, it is an and/also.” the UN official also said.
Climate One is a self described public affairs forum which advocates extreme action to combat climate change. It is a branch of The Commonwealth Club of California based in San Francisco, essentially a talking shop visited regularly by heads of government and corporate business.
Figueres is no stranger to controversial statements when it comes to climate change. The UN official previously described the goal of the UNFCC as “a complete transformation of the economic structure of the world.”
She has also repeatedly said that a Chinese style communist dictatorship is better suited than the U.S. constitutional system to fight “global warming.”
Figueres told Bloomberg News last year that the Chinese government (which continues to enforce forced abortions, infanticide and compulsory sterilization) is “doing it right” when it comes to climate change, even though China is by far the biggest emitter of greenhouse gasses.
Figueres noted that a partisan divide in the U.S. Congress is “very detrimental” to passing climate related legislation, while the Chinese Communist Party, sets policies by decree. President Obama clearly agrees given that he continues to bypass Congress by issuing executive orders on climate change.
As InfoWars has continually noted, there is a fundamental flaw in associating climate change with overpopulation.
Populations in developed countries are declining and only in third world countries are they expanding dramatically. Industrialization itself levels out population trends and even despite this world population models routinely show that the earth's population will level out at 9 billion in 2050 and slowly decline after that. “The population of the most developed countries will remain virtually unchanged at 1.2 billion until 2050,” states a United Nations report. The UN's support for depopulation policies is in direct contradiction to their own findings.
Once a country industrializes there is an average of a 1.6 child rate per household, so the western world population is actually in decline. That trend has also been witnessed in areas of Asia like Japan and South Korea. The UN has stated that the population will peak at 9 billion and then begin declining.
In addition, as highlighted by the Economist, global fertility rates are falling.
Since radical environmentalists are pushing to de-industrialize the world in the face of the so-called carbon threat, this will reverse the trend that naturally lowers the amount of children people have. If climate change fanatics are allowed to implement their policies, global population will continue to increase and overpopulation may become a real problem – another example of how the global warming hysterics are actually harming the long term environment of the Earth by preventing overpopulated countries from developing and naturally lowering their birth levels.
Even if you play devils advocate and accept that humans do cause catastrophic warming and there are too many of us, and if you can skip past the eugenics connotations of population control and depopulation policies, those methods are fundamentally still not a valid solution to the perceived climate change threat.
The real solution would be to help increase the standard of living of the cripplingly poor third world, allowing those countries to industrialize, and seeing the population figures naturally level out.
Instead, the third world has seen a doubling in food prices owing to climate change policies such as turning over huge areas of agricultural land to the growth of biofuels.
In addition, Climate legislation continually pushed by the developed world has those nations taking on less of a burden than anticipated demanding more of poorer countries, despite the fact that any further cuts in CO2 emissions will further cripple their flimsy economies and poverty-stricken people.
Previous legislation, such as the Copenhagen agreement, allowed people in developed countries to emit twice as much carbon per head than those in poorer countries, who have not caused the rise in emissions said to be threatening our existence on the planet. The revelations have led third world leaders to accuse the developed world of “climate colonialism”.
Linking environmental policy to depopulation agendas opens the door to eugenics and it is no surprise that through that door have come pouring hordes of elitist filth just begging to be on the front line of the extermination policy.
One example is UK-based public policy group The Optimum Population Trust (OPT), which has previously launched initiatives urging wealthy members of the developed world to participate in carbon offsets that fund programs for curbing the population of developing nations.
In 2007, the group also published a report announcing that children are ‘bad for planet and ‘having large families should be frowned upon as an environmental misdemeanour in the same way as frequent long-haul flights, driving a big car and failing to reuse plastic bags.
The same talking point has been re-iterated again and again by public policy groups and environmentalists, as well as the most influential scientists in the US government.
While you may think ideas of sterilization and depopulation could never be accepted by the public, those very concepts are now being embraced and popularized by some as the way forward for humanity.
The head of the UN's leading climate change panel is providing a platform, and in some cases actively pushing for a policy enforced by a dictatorship that hunts down mothers who become pregnant with their second child, abducts them off the street and takes them to government controlled hospitals where they are drugged and their baby is killed – all in the name of saving the planet.
—————————————————————-
Steve Watson is a London based writer and editor for Alex Jones' Infowars.com, and Prisonplanet.com. He has a Masters Degree in International Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham, and a Bachelor Of Arts Degree in Literature and Creative Writing from Nottingham Trent University.
CLOSE A Lakewood man shot and killed his 16-year-old daughter then turned the gun on himself about 30 miles north of Fort Collins this week. The previous two years has seen one murder-suicide in each year in Larimer County. Johnny Hart/The Coloradoan
Buy Photo A man killed his daughter, and then shot himself north of Fort Collins, the Larimer County Coroner's Office said. (Photo: Coloradoan library)Buy Photo
A Lakewood man shot and killed his 16-year-old daughter on Sunday then fatally shot himself north of Fort Collins on Monday, according to the Larimer County Coroner's Office.
Robert Francis Wolf, 52, kept obsessive notes of the alleged homicide and his eventual suicide, which took place about 30 miles north of Fort Collins.
Larimer County sheriff's deputies discovered the notes along with the two bodies in a Subaru Legacy parked in the 3700 block of W. County Road 82E about 12:50 p.m. Monday, according to a release from the sheriff's office and information from Larimer County Coroner Investigator Greg Fairman.
SHOOTING: One jailed after officer fires on suspect
According to Fairman, Wolf shot his daughter, Denver Wolf of Colorado Springs, three times in the chest sometime in the early afternoon on Sunday after driving her from Colorado Springs to somewhere in Park County. Fairman said Wolf documented the alleged shooting on "seven, eight, nine pages" of notes.
"These are the cases that just break your heart," Fairman said, audibly upset during a Tuesday afternoon phone call.
According to Wolf's notes, Fairman said, the man then drove to a cabin in Livermore and later to West County Road 82E with his daughter's body in tow and shot himself once in the chest with a .22 caliber Beretta long rifle at 2 a.m. Monday.
CAMPUS: CSU police seek physical assault suspect
Larimer County sheriff's deputies found the bodies after the Colorado Springs Police Department contacted them at 9:40 a.m. Monday, asking them to check on the welfare of a male and female in the area of county roads 82E and 80C. The girl's mother called the police after getting "strange texts" from Wolf, Fairman said. Deputies found the car with the help of "concerned citizens" and are continuing to investigate.
Murder-suicides are uncommon in Larimer County. The last one happened in Fort Collins in April, when Darrell Hoyer shot his wife, Merta, and their two dogs before shooting himself.
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/1MzCWmY
By Andrew Gray - Analysis
A US soldier searches a house during a patrol in Baghdad November 10, 2007. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Before he has turned 30, U.S. Army Capt. Jaron Wharton has served two yearlong tours in the Iraq war, felt the severe strain on soldiers and seen the Army change the way it fights.
In many ways, Wharton's experiences mirror those of the Army as a whole in the five years since U.S. troops invaded Iraq and raced to Baghdad to topple Saddam Hussein's regime.
“Our patrols were treated like floats in a Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade,” Wharton recalled of the early days. “People were really, really thankful.”
But as the scenes of jubilation gave way to a deadly insurgency, Iraq has become the biggest test the U.S. military has faced without a draft since the fight for independence from Britain in the 1775-83 Revolutionary War.
Nearly 4,000 U.S. troops have died in Iraq, more than 3,200 of them killed in action. Almost 30,000 have been wounded.
When he returned to Iraq for his second tour in November 2005, Wharton found a tougher environment. One sergeant was hit by three bomb attacks during an 18-hour patrol, he recalled.
Some U.S. soldiers are now on their third or fourth tours. Deployments have been extended from a year to 15 months, with only a year at home between tours.
The long deployments take a heavy toll on personal relationships, said Wharton, whose wife is also an Army captain who has served two tours.
“In most of these deployments, the girlfriend, she's not there at the end,” said Wharton, 29, of Hoover, Alabama, who has also served in Afghanistan. “Fiancees are hit or miss. And sometimes even wives are gone.”
More than one in four soldiers on their third or fourth Iraq tours suffer mental health problems, an Army survey found.
MAJOR IMPACT
As well as the personal toll on soldiers, the war has had a major impact on the military as an institution, above all on the Army, which has done most of the fighting.
It exposed a medical system that was ill-equipped to provide long-term care for a large number of wounded warriors.
It has eroded the U.S. military's ability to fight another major war. Commanders have said the Air Force and Navy would likely have to take the lead if a new conflict arose, because ground forces are so stretched.
The strain has prompted the United States to start expanding the Army by 65,000 active-duty troops for a total force of 547,000. The Marine Corps is also growing.
Despite the war, the Army has continued to meet recruitment goals, although critics say it has lowered standards to do so.
It has offered cash incentives to attract recruits and hold on to mid-level officers like Wharton, who is now on a fellowship at a Washington think tank, the Center for a New American Security, but remains a member of the Army.
“Folks are amazed by the resiliency of our soldiers,” he said, sitting in a Pentagon cafeteria. “You've got to commend these soldiers because they're strong and they keep at it.”
FUNDAMENTAL DEBATE
Beyond the strains of the war, Iraq has also sparked a fundamental debate about the future of the Army.
“We have an Army that was designed to kill people and break things and we still need an Army that can do that,” said Lt. Col. John Nagl, the author of a book on fighting insurgencies called “Learning to Eat Soup With a Knife.”
“But we also, increasingly, need an Army that can help people and build things.”
That view has increasingly shaped U.S. strategy in Iraq, particularly since another counterinsurgency expert, Gen. David Petraeus, took command in Baghdad early last year.
Backed by a surge of 30,000 extra U.S. troops, Petraeus moved his forces off big bases to protect Iraqis and help provide essential services.
The extra troops and new approach have contributed to a steep decline in violence in Iraq since last summer.
Spurred by Iraq, senior officers have embraced the idea the military must be ready to do more “nation-building” — once a taboo in the Bush administration — to stabilize fragile states that could become a haven for Islamist militants.
“The greatest threat to international security has been states that are too strong,” Nagl said. “In the 21st century, I would argue that at least as great a threat, conceivably even a greater threat, is states that are too weak.”
Petraeus oversaw a new counterinsurgency manual, co-written by Nagl, that stressed the importance of noncombat missions and was issued in December 2006. The Army released a broader manual last month that also upgraded stability operations.
Some officers and analysts say the Army still needs much more reform to ditch Cold War thinking and embrace unconventional warfare. Nagl wants a 20,000-member corps created to train the militaries of friendly nations.
“Although we have an Army now that understands that it needs to be able to build and protect, we have not yet created the Army that can do those things,” Nagl said.
North Korea's latest missile test on Sunday was its most successful yet and proves that Kim Jong-un is outmaneuvering Trump in the ongoing saga of tension between the US and North Korea. US officials said the missile crashed near the eastern coast of Russia, around 60 miles from Russia's eastern border.
What Kim Jong-un has done with this latest missile launch is twofold; he has called Trump's bluff and pitted Russia against the US in this ongoing conflict. Trump's bluff was that the US would do something if Kim Jong-un kept up the advancement of North Korea's nuclear weapons program. He's sent aircraft carriers over there, Mike Pence dressed in a military jacket, and talked tough. All of that warning, and they just completely defied that by showing off their most advanced missile yet and the White House's response is basically nothing. Bluff called.
By firing a missile at Russia and crashing it in the ocean just before it would enter Russian territory, Kim Jong-un is putting Russia on edge and reminding them that their missiles can easily hit them. It sends a signal to Putin that should the US attack, North Korea might just shoot some missiles off and bomb Russia. It forces Putin to enter the situation on North Korea's side because they could be injured by war.
And low and behold, that's exactly what happened today as Russian President Vladimir Putin condemned the launch as “counterproductive, damaging, dangerous” but then warned against “intimidating” North Korea.
You see the problem here is that everyone in this situation basically has too much to lose, except North Korea. It's a backwards and poor country that is willing to sacrifice its population at a moment's notice. The US, China, South Korea, Japan, and Russia, all have something to lose.
The thing I worry about is that the only way to stop North Korea from advancing its technology is probably to attack it and wipe out the Kim Jong dynasty. Our government has been dealing with North Korea for decades now and the idea that Trump has some magical idea that hasn't already been thought of is pretty ludicrous. What worries me is what happens when Trump realizes that he is being completely outsmarted and his goal of a peaceful resolution to reduce North Korean nuclear weapons technology is impossible.
Comments
comments total
Terry Gibson suggests that the art of defending is not what it once was
Does La Liga have a problem with defending? After 34 goals were scored in nine La Liga games over Saturday and Sunday, Terry Gibson discusses modern football's issue with defending in the latest La Liga Weekly Podcast...
The art of defending, the determination to keep clean sheets, the organisation and the coaching, should be systematic right throughout football at the moment.
We talk about so many clubs whose main onus is to score goals, and the amount of money we see change hands for half-decent defenders in recent seasons leads you to believe there are a lack of defenders around at present.
Changing a team's mentality or style of football is so straightforward. It's so easy for any coach to go into a club and set up a shape - a basic defensive, midfield or attacking shape - and be hard to beat. That's the easiest way to coach; being hard to beat and pragmatic.
To be a coach like Real Betis boss Quique Setien - changing style, encouraging players to flourish, to enjoy being in possession and to want to take possession - that's the art of coaching in my opinion.
Quique Setien is a balanced coach, according to Gibson
So I don't understand why all these elite coaches are struggling to coach the easiest part of defending, which is set pieces.
Making them concentrate, focus, making them aware how important it is not to give away free-kicks in dangerous positions. If you're a team that has a half-decent defensive set up, and a coach like Setien who can encourage players to flourish, then you've got a good chance of success. It's a balance.
It doesn't have to be hell-for-leather attacking football, pressing high up the pitch and then "seeing what happens" at the other end. There has to be a better balance.
Has there been a change in defending over the years? Are defenders different types of players now compared with the big solid stoppers of yesteryear?
Fran Escriba was sacked as Villarreal manager on Monday following a 4-0 defeat by Getafe
It used to be a rarity for defenders to bring the ball out of the back, they'd stand out like a sore thumb. Over the seasons we've also seen the increase in both full-backs pushing on at the same time. That didn't use to be allowed. If one full back went, the other stayed.
Now we're seeing both, and it's forgiven these days if someone is good going forward but not a great defender. But first and foremost, you need to be a defender.
It's an area of the pitch where teams like to make the most of in terms of attacking play, whether it's a full-back arriving late and making the most of space up the pitch, they have to be athletic, and at the end of it, despite paying £50m or £60m for them, it's a bonus if they can actually defend!
Coaches should be able to make players better, too. It's quite straightforward to improve the basic art of defending. But so many coaches are not at the moment.
If you are using skysports.com you can comment below to get involved in the debate, but please adhere to our House Rules. If you wish to report any comment, simply click on the down arrow next to the offending comment and click 'Report'.
By WizardCrab
Check out all the champs and skins that'll be on sale this July. Like previous sales schedules, we're not posting the exact dates for each champ and skin, but they'll all be on sale sometime next month, so keep an eye out.
Just a heads-up – since we're publishing these in advance, we won't offer partial refunds on content bought before it's on sale.
Champion Sale Price Skin Sale Price Ahri 440 RP Karate Kennen 260 RP Darius 487 RP Atlantean Syndra 487 RP Diana 487 RP Bilgewater Swain 260 RP Ezreal 440 RP Blade Queen Lissandra 675 RP Galio 440 RP Dreadknight Nasus 487 RP Gangplank 395 RP Foxfire Ahri 487 RP Hecarim 487 RP Goalkeeper Maokai 375 RP Jayce 487 RP Hired Gun Graves 260 RP LeBlanc 395 RP Leprechaun Veigar 260 RP Nocturne 440 RP Mad Hatter Shaco 260 RP Quinn 487 RP Muay Thai Lee Sin 487 RP Rammus 395 RP Nemesis Jax 487 RP Rek'Sai 487 RP Neon Strike Vi 487 RP Riven 440 RP Nightblade Irelia 260 RP Rumble 440 RP Panda Teemo 487 RP Sion 292 RP Red Card Twisted Fate 375 RP Sona 395 RP Resistance Caitlyn 260 RP Syndra 487 RP Secret Agent Miss Fortune 487 RP Trundle 440 RP Siren Cassiopeia 260 RP Tryndamere 292 RP Spellthief Lux 375 RP Twisted Fate 292 RP Superfan Gragas 375 RP Twitch 395 RP Surfer Singed 487 RP Udyr 292 RP Surgeon Shen 487 RP Vayne 440 RP Sweeper Alistar 375 RP Viktor 440 RP Warring Kingdoms Xin Zhao 675 RP Yasuo 487 RP Woad Ashe 260 RP Zed 487 RP Woad Scout Quinn 487 RP
Atlantean Fizz managed to trickster his way onto the sale schedule again! Since Atlantean Fizz was on sale last month, we'll be replacing him with Karate Kennen in this month's regular skin sale.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis say the United States has "no interest" in regime change in North Korea, in a joint op-ed in the Wall Street Journal (AFP Photo/WIN MCNAMEE)
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned Monday that an attack by North Korea against the United States could quickly escalate into war, as he and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson moved to dial down tensions.
North Korea last week threatened to test-fire four missiles that would fly toward the small US Pacific island territory of Guam, following a promise from President Donald Trump to meet ongoing threats from Pyongyang with "fire and fury."
"If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly," Mattis told Pentagon reporters.
Mattis's comments came after he and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in an opinion piece in The Wall Street Journal that America has "no interest" in regime change in Pyongyang or the accelerated reunification of the two Koreas, and stressed the importance of a diplomatic solution to the crisis.
The two statesmen decided to write the piece a couple of weeks ago, and it had not been in response to last week's heated rhetoric, Mattis said.
"We were thinking it would be wise to put out something that shows how the State Department and the Defense Department work together, it's not one or the other, it's the two working together," he said.
Mattis and Tillerson said the United States favors a diplomatic solution to the nuclear stand-off, especially with help from China, though they stressed diplomacy is "backed by military options."
"The US has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea," Mattis and Tillerson wrote.
"We do not seek an excuse to garrison US troops north of the Demilitarized Zone. We have no desire to inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people, who are distinct from the hostile regime in Pyongyang."
Mattis and Tillerson called on China, which is North Korea's main trading partner and ally, to take advantage of an "unparalleled opportunity" to assert its influence on Pyongyang.
"If China wishes to play a more active role in securing regional peace and stability -- from which all of us, especially China, derive such great benefit -- it must make the decision to exercise its decisive diplomatic and economic leverage over North Korea," the US officials wrote.
Mattis and Tillerson also credited UN efforts and said the United States was willing to negotiate with North Korea, but said Pyongyang should indicate a desire to show good faith by halting weapons and nuclear tests.
General Joseph Dunford, who chairs the US Joint Chiefs of Staff and is the nation's top uniformed military officer, met Monday with South Korea's defense minister Song Young-Moo and defense chief General Lee Sun-Jin.
He "conveyed America's readiness to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the US homeland," said spokesman Captain Darryn James.
In the aftermath of what was likely the most spectacular failure among state-run Affordable Care Act health exchange site launches, the state of Oregon has filed a lawsuit against Oracle America Inc. over the total failure of the Cover Oregon exchange. “Oracle's conduct amounts to a pattern of racketeering activity that has cost the State and Cover Oregon hundreds of millions of dollars,” Oregon Attorney General Ellen Rosenblum wrote in a civil complaint filed August 22. The lawsuit seeks over $5.5 billion in damages from Oracle, plus legal fees.
The complaint comes after Oracle filed its own lawsuit against the state's health exchange for failure to pay for services rendered in early August. Oracle's attorneys claimed that Oregon Governor John Kitzhaber had defamed the company in a “smear campaign” while failing to take responsibility for the failure of state management of the project and not paying Oracle for additional work done.
The 126-page complaint, filed by Rosenblum in Oregon's Marion County Circuit Court on August 22, claims that Oracle pushed the state to not hire a systems integrator for the project, giving the company total control over the development of the site and allowing company executives to conceal problems with the software. “According to a former Oracle employee, Oracle advanced a ‘planned' behind-the-scenes effort' to convince the State 'that a Systems Integrator would just cause delay,'” Rosenblum wrote in the complaint. “The former employee explained that ‘the message was 'we've got to make sure that [the State] doesn't bring [a Systems Integrator] in because it's just going to cause us trouble.'”
The lobbying resulted in Oregon officials giving Oracle the system integrator role, which allowed the company to conceal problems with software and essentially bill for fixes to the software that should have been covered under the license agreements for the software itself, the attorney general asserted. In the filing, she said, “Oracle repeatedly breached contracts by failing to deliver on its obligations, overcharging for poorly trained Oracle personnel to provide incompetent work, hiding from the State the true extent of Oracle's shoddy performance, continuing to promise what it could not deliver, and willfully refusing to honor its warranty to fix its errors without charge.”
As a result, Rosenblum claimed, “Over the last three years, Oracle has presented the State and Cover Oregon with some $240,280,008 in false claims under those contracts.”
Oracle, for its part, claims that the state is using the company as a scapegoat for its own gross mismanagement of the project. “Cover Oregon and public officials could have done two things in the face of those press reports: (a) own up to the management and technical challenges they had encountered and commit to a plan for resolving them; or (b) blame someone else,” Oracle's attorneys wrote in their August 5 filing. “They chose the latter, and they fixed their sights on Oracle. While flogging Oracle publicly, Cover Oregon continued privately to ask for Oracle's help.”
As a result of the failure of the Cover Oregon site, the state has abandoned its own planned exchange and has shifted to using the federal site. It's likely that much of any award Oregon's suit would be returned to the Federal government, which provided a grant for the site's development under the Affordable Care Act.
If you're anything like us, then you think that dogs are the best animals in the world. Way better than cats.
You'll have been enraged by the story about the dog apparently being forced into the water for A Dog's Purpose, and moved to tears by the story of the dog released from his kennel after 15 years.
Now comes a tale of heroism and one dog saving the life of his partner in crime Córdoba, Argentina, by Rafael Franciulli.
A man out walking with two dogs threw a stick for one of them at the top of a waterfall. Despite being pulled down by the force of the water, the black dog kept a firm grip of his stick – and that's what saved his life.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
If New Yorkers fantasize that doing business here in Los Angeles would be less of a headache, forget about it. This city is fast becoming a job-killing machine. It's no accident the unemployment rate is a frightening 11.4 percent and climbing.
I never could have imagined that, after living here for more than three decades, I would be filing a lawsuit against my beloved Los Angeles and making plans for my company, Creators Syndicate, to move elsewhere.
But we have no choice. The city's bureaucrats rival Stalin's apparatchiks in issuing decrees, rescinding them, and then punishing citizens for having followed them in the first place.
I founded Creators Syndicate in 1987, and we have represented hundreds of important writers, syndicating their columns to newspapers and Web sites around the world. The most famous include Hillary Clinton, who, like Eleanor Roosevelt, wrote a syndicated column when she was first lady. Another star was the advice columnist Ann Landers, once described by "The World Almanac" as "the most influential woman in America." Other Creators columnists include Bill O'Reilly, Susan Estrich, Thomas Sowell, Roland Martin and Michelle Malkin—plus Pulitzer Prize-winning political cartoonists and your favorite comic strips.
From the beginning, we've been headquartered in Los Angeles. But 15 years ago we had a dispute with the city over our business tax classification. The city argued that we should be in an "occupations and professions" classification that has an extremely high tax rate, while we fought for a "wholesale and retail" classification with a much lower rate. The city forced us to invest a small fortune in legal fees over two years, but we felt it was worth it in order to establish the correct classification once and for all.
After enduring a series of bureaucratic hearings, we anxiously awaited a ruling to find out what our tax rate would be. Everything was at stake. We had already decided that if we lost, we would move.
You can imagine how relieved we were on July 1, 1994, when the ruling was issued. We won, and firmly planted our roots in the City of Angels and proceeded to build our business.
Everything was fine until the city started running out of money in 2007. Suddenly, the city announced that it was going to ignore its own ruling and reclassify us in the higher tax category. Even more incredible is the fact that the new classification was to be imposed retroactively to 2004 with interest and penalties. No explanation was given for the new classification, or for the city's decision to ignore its 1994 ruling.
Their official position is that the city is not bound by past rulings—only taxpayers are. This is why we have been forced to file a lawsuit. We will let the courts decide whether it is legal for adverse rulings to apply only to taxpayers and not to the city.
We work with hundreds of outside agents, consultants, independent contractors and support services —many of whom pay taxes to the city of Los Angeles. This spurs a job-creating ripple effect on the city's economy. Yet I suspect many companies like ours already have quietly left town in the face of the city's taxes and regulations. This would help explain the erosion of jobs.
Regardless of the outcome of our case, the arbitrary and capricious behavior of some bureaucrats is creating a lose-lose situation for everyone involved. If we win in court, the taxpayers of Los Angeles will have lost because all those tax dollars will have been wasted on needless litigation.
If we lose in court, the remaining taxpayers in Los Angeles will have lost because their burden will continue to swell as yet another business moves its jobs—and taxpayers—to another city.
As long as City Hall operates like a banana republic, why is anyone surprised that jobs have left the city in droves and Los Angeles is teetering on the brink of bankruptcy?
Rick Newcombe is the president of Creators Syndicate. You can read more about him here. A version of this also ran in The Wall Street Journal.
Democrats won popular vote in the Senate, too
CLOSE Donald Trump's success on election night helped Republicans win control of the House and Senate down the ticket. USA TODAY NETWORK
The White House may not be the only institution in Washington that Democrats lost on Tuesday despite getting more votes than Republicans.
It turns out that Democrats also got more votes for the U.S. Senate than Republicans, and yet Republicans maintained their majority on Capitol Hill.
In results that are still preliminary, 45.2 million Americans cast a vote for a Democratic Senate candidate, while 39.3 million Americans voted for a Republican. (In the White House race, as of Thursday afternoon, Clinton had 60.1 million votes and Trump had 59.8 million.)
The problem for Democrats is that, much like the Electoral College, the number of votes matters less than where those votes are cast.
In California, for example, there were two Democrats — Kamala Harris and Loretta Sanchez — competing for an open Senate seat, with no Republican on the ballot. Together, they received 7.8 million votes. If you count only Harris' winning vote total of 4.9 million, Democrats still tally 42.2 million votes. Had a Republican Senate candidate in California captured as many votes as Sanchez did — about 2.9 million — the total for the two parties nationwide would have been about even.
The vote totals for Senate are also a bit arbitrary because each state gets two senators no matter how few people live there. Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska was re-elected with 111,000 votes; Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York was re-elected with 4.8 million votes.
Louisiana also complicates the calculations because there were 24 candidates running for a Senate seat and nobody got a majority of the votes. Republican candidates in that race collected 1.2 million votes while Democrats collected just under 700,000 votes. That race will be decided in a Dec. 10 runoff between the two top vote-getters, Democrat Foster Campbell and Republican John Kennedy.
Until that race is settled, Republicans have 51 Senate seats for the Congress that will convene in January; Democrats have 46, plus two independents who generally align with them.
Republicans captured the majority of the "popular vote" for the House on Election Day, collecting about 56.3 million votes while Democrats got about 53.2 million, according to USA TODAY calculations. With a few races still undecided, Republicans so far hold a 239-193 majority for the next Congress.
Contributing: Brad Heath
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fhLymu
Jennie Finch to make history by managing independent league baseball team
Mark Cunningham/MLB Photos/Getty Images Jennie Finch is a national champion and an Olympic gold medalist, and soon she'll be manager of the Bridgeport Bluefish -- even if it's just for a day.
Jennie Finch will be back at the ballpark this weekend but in a different role than she's used to. She will be assisting from the dugout rather than standing on the mound.
The USA Softball star is set to make professional baseball history this Sunday as the first woman to manage a men's team. Finch will guest manage the Bridgeport Bluefish, an independent Atlantic League team, as they take on the Southern Maryland Blue Crabs.
The fast-pitch softball legend won't be the first big name to act as guest manager for the Bluefish. The team has also had Pete Rose and Paul O'Neil do the honors, with Roger Clemens slated to manage on Aug. 5.
Finch, who will also throw out the ceremonial first pitch and participate in a pregame meet-and-greet with fans, expressed her excitement over the opportunity over social media:
"She is an incredible athlete and a wonderful person, and we hope our fans will enjoy seeing her in a Bluefish uniform for the day," Bluefish GM Jamie Toole said in a news release.
Publicity stunt or not, this could be the beginning of JF's baseball coaching career. Just sayin'.
See something entertaining on social media that you think deserves to be shared? Let me know on Twitter @Tory_Barron.
While clearly inspired by Japanese Anime, RWBY (an American animated series from the Rooster Teeth stables) could never be mistaken as a product of that genre. But that hasn't stopped Anime building master Mike Dung from adapting his signature style to depict Ruby, Weiss, Blake and Yang in full 3D….
I'll admit that my first reaction upon seeing the show was “Anime-skinned Red vs Blue”. Which is not surprising since it's made by the same team that gave us Red vs Blue. But its snappy dialogue, rock soundtrack, great fight choreography, and short episodes seem to be winning combination within the RT community.
Personally, I'd love to see Mike break from his trend of only building female characters, and perhaps try his hand at some of the guys from this show as well, like Roman or Junior!
1.9k SHARES Facebook Twitter
Weddings are and will always be one of the building blocks of a successful relationship.
But for the couple who ordered this cake, that building blocks was presented literally.
Meet the LEGO inspired/modeled wedding cake.
According to sources, this cake was designed by Cupcakes by SJ for a family member.
The cake contains LEGO builders who appear to be in the process of covering the LEGO cake with icing.
The wedding makers also included a LEGO version of the bride and groom that they put on top as wedding cake toppers.
Here's what the bakery owner/manager told HuffingtonPost in an interview concerning the Lego inspired cake.
“They had a LEGO theme for what was to be a relaxed, low-key wedding,” Sam of the London-based bakery told The Huffington Post in a Facebook message. “My cousin [the bride] gave my father the idea and the LEGO men, as she wanted them as a keepsake of the day. Then we set to making it a reality for her with no idea of what would happen from there.”
I am quite sure that the kids (and kids at heart) at the wedding reception are quite thrilled and amazed seeing the cake design.
The attention to detail is quite awesome and the uniqueness of it is truly remarkable.
Awesome right?
Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED) has published its annual telecom price comparison study.
Put together by telecom digital media strategy organization Nordicity, the 10th annual Price Comparison Study of Telecommunications Services in Canada and Select Foreign Jurisdictions compiles and compares the various prices of telecom services in Canada and around the world.
Overall, the study once again confirmed a fear that many Canadians have vocalized: Canada's telecom prices, including mobile wireless, mobile internet fixed broadband, and even bundle services, are some of the highest in the world.
Mobile wireless
Nordicity's study focused on eight countries: Canada, U.S., Italy, Japan, Germany, U.K., France and Australia.
The report found that France, Italy, Australia and the UK were among the lowest priced wireless telephony markets, while Canadian rates were among the highest along with the U.S., Japan and Germany.
The study compared pricing by segmenting the types of mobile plans into six different tiers or levels, which are as follows:
Level 1: 150 minutes
Level 2: 450 minutes and 300 SMSes
Level 3: 1,200 minutes, 300 SMS and 1GB of data
Level 4: Unlimited minutes, SMS and 2GB of data
Level 5: Unlimited minutes, SMS and 5GB of data
Level 6: Unlimited minutes, SMS and 10GB of data with three lines
Canada topped the charts as the most expensive nation for mid-level plans, coming in first place for levels 3, 4 and 5, which range from 1GB to 5GB of data. In the high and low tiers, it also remained in the top three.
Canada's average prices at the lowest tier are $30.53, coming in second to the U.S.'s $36.31. Canada's pricing is $22.71 more than Australia, which offers plans at that tier for an average of $7.82.
At the most data-heavy tier, level 6, Canada takes the second slot with $264.65 on average, just behind Germany's $291.53. The country with the lowest rates at that tier is the UK with $91.42.
While Canada's prices are undoubtedly high, averages have actually decreased for the lower tiers. At level 1, there's been a significant 25.7 percent decrease, at level 2 there was a 16 percent decrease and at level 3 there was a 5.3 percent decrease.
Unfortunately, those declines weren't enough to drastically change Canada's standing as one of the most expensive places in the world to use wireless services. While the country managed to edge itself out of first place for level 1 service, it stayed at third for level 2 and jumped from second to first place for level 3.
Nationally, Nordicity studied six Canadian cities, applying the same six service levels. The results showed the lowest prices occur in provinces where there's a strong regional player in the market to contend against Rogers, Bell and Telus.
Regina, Saskatchewan, where crown corporation Sasktel operates, was the most inexpensive city to purchase wireless telephony services in at levels 2, 4, 5 and 6. Montreal, Quebec – which is catered to by Videotron – had the lowest level 1 plans. Meanwhile, Winnipeg, Manitoba had the lowest level 3 plans. Manitoba no longer has a large independent fourth carrier after Bells' acquisition of MTS, but the carrier's unique plans are still having a competitive influence on the market.
Across all other segments, three cities rotated between having the highest prices: Toronto, Vancouver and Halifax.
Mobile wireless internet
The report also looks at mobile wireless internet by itself, focusing on three main service levels. Level one consists of 2GB to less than 5GB, for which Canadians pay a monthly average of $43.01. Level 2 consists of 5GB to less than 10GB, for which Canadians pay an average of $60.79. Finally, level three consists of 10GB and more, which comes in at $82.28.
Canada topped the charts for level 1 and came in second place in level 2 and 3 to the U.S. Japan took third position for all three tiers, while the lowest-priced countries included Australia, France and the U.K.
Within Canada, Toronto and Winnipeg were the cities with the highest-priced mobile wireless internet, while Regina and Montreal offered the lowest prices.
Fixed broadband internet
It's interesting to note that, in certain categories of internet speed, Canadian broadband internet prices are on the lower end of the spectrum.
In the 3 to 9Mbps range, for example, Canadians pay, on average, the second-least for their internet — $41.83. The only country that pays less is Italy, at $41.18.
However, it's in the higher speed brackets that one starts to notice how much more Canadians pay.
In the 41 to 100Mbps range, Canadians pay the third-most, $82.54. That's in comparison to Australia, which pays $89.98, and the U.S., which pays $114.81.
In the 100 to 1,000Mbps range, Canadians pay the second-most, $95.10. The only country that pays more for its ultra-high range broadband internet is the U.S., $145.15.
Bundled services
As cutting the cord becomes more and more common, subscribers purchasing services bundled together have become less common.
Still, Nordicity's study included an analysis of the different prices that subscribers pay for bundled services, breaking down bundles into three categories.
In the first category — comprised of wireline telephone, wireless mobile phone and fixed broadband service — Canadians paid the most, $191.08.
In the second category — comprised of wireline, fixed broadband and television — Canadians paid the second-most, $120.99. Only subscribers in the U.S. — who paid an average of $138.41 — were charged more for this category of bundle.
Finally, in the third category — comprised of wireline, wireless, fixed broadband and television — Canadians paid the most, $199.19.
A brief note on the subject of methodology
In addition to Canada, the study analyzes telecom prices in the U.S., as well as Australia, Japan, the U.K., France, Germany and Italy.
It's important to mention that the study examines telecom prices in six Canadian cities, four American cities, but only one city from the six other countries — typically the largest or most populous city in the country.
Nordicity says it gathered information by consulting telecom service provider websites for pricing information during April and May 2017, while also consulting with customer service representatives when the need arose. Nordicity also stated that it only used the lowest price available for any of the aforementioned categories.
Finally, Nordicity converted global prices into Canadian dollars, using the Bank of Canada's May 2017 monthly average exchange rate to make the comparison.
Check out the full pricing study here.
Mi Laik Kisim Win Liklik or I would like to catch my breath a little
Climbing Enduwa Kombuglu or Mt Wilhelm (4507m) , the highest peak in Oceania, August 2001
I was aboard a rattled up 4wd packed to the gills with locals returning from the market heading from the highland town of Mt Hagen towards village of Kegsugal. I intended to climb Mt Wilhelm, also known as Enduwa Kombuglu in the local Kuman language, which at 4507 metres is the highest peak in Oceania. The unpaved road up to the road head at Kegsugal clings precariously to the steep slopes of the verdant mountains of the Chimbu Province. The drive was hairy enough on its own, let alone when the excited driver is trying to have an animated conversation with me. We were discussing “bride price” and he wanted to know how many pigs I had paid for my wife in Australia. He had three Mary's or wives and they had cost him quite a few pigs each.
The amazingly green slopes are speckled with brown dots of remote highland villages. We stop every now and again to load and unload goods and passengers. Green bunches of bananas, lengths of sugarcane, Marys burdened with bulging bilums (bags) of kowkow (sweet potato), excited pikininis (children) and men with unsheathed machetes. Every man in the Highlands of PNG casually walks around armed with a machete. What they intend doing with them, I am not sure.
Friends, who I was staying with, had warned me not to take much money and had also sent along a couple of burly locals armed with machetes to act as my bodyguards because there was a high risk of being waylaid by “Raskols” or highway robbers. Seeing all these unsheathed blades around didn't fill me with too much confidence. I really didn't want to be around if things heated up. Having an adventure is one thing, but getting into a machete fight….
After a bone-jarring ride through the spectacular mountains, we finally lurched to a halt at the tiny town of Kegsugal. I had barely hopped off the PMV at the disused ples balus (airstrip) and shouldered my pack when a bearded local emerged from the bushes and offered his services as a guide. After a bit of haggling we settled at the “numba to prais” of 45 kinas for the trip.
The ascent from Kegsugal begins at an altitude of 2470 meters with a well-defined track that climbs through the town and disappears into the leafy bowels of the dense tropical jungle. We cross the gushing Komanemambuno Creek and climb steeply through the ocean of green. New Guinea is a land of a billion shades of green.
While I keep an eye out in the hope of spotting a bird of paradise, my companions chat loudly in Pidgin. We stop every so often and share hand-rolled “brus” cigarettes. The guide has long strips of dried tobacco leaf and squares of newspaper that he rolls between his palms to make eight-inch long cigarettes. I offer him a Dutch cigarillo which he dismissed it, “Too many chemicals.” Maybe someone should tell him about the ingredients of newspaper ink.
After a couple of hours of climbing a steep muddy staircase, the track emerges at the lower reaches of the grassy Pindaunde Valley at about 3200 metres. Tall fern trees and tussocks of grass shrouded in a heavy mist give the valley a very Jurassic Park look. You could easily picture a T. rex thumping across the grassland. Unfortunately I see no sign of any wildlife, present or prehistoric.
My boots squelch in the black boggy ground as we make our way up the valley. In a veil of mist and cold rain we climb past the cascading Nigledembuglokuglo waterfalls, up a couple of rock steps and reach a small A-frame hut at shores of Lake Piunde.
The emerald waters of the lake are set like a gem in a deep glaciated cwm. Heavy forest line the shores and a waterfall tumbles into the northern end of the lake. This waterfall is fed by the run off from Lake Aunde, which is located higher up the valley.
After a quick meal of two-minute noodles and canned luncheon meat we light a fire and my companions smoke more “brus” cigarettes. I settle down for the night in the hut while the other three curl up by the fire and continue talking till late into the night. They have bought no blankets along and keep the fire going all night.
At two in the morning I am woken by a rough shake and am blinded by torchlight. “Morning. We go up,” the guide says.
I fumble around in the dark and pull on every bit of clothing I am carrying. Outside a brilliant full moon renders the world in black and white. The crisp mountain air cuts like a blade. I switch on my head-torch and stumble down the track after the guide. We skirt the left bank of the lake and climb a steep slope to the shores of the considerably larger Lake Aunde. My eyes have adjusted well to the moonlight and I can now see both lakes perfectly. What I can also see ahead of me is a very steep climb.
The altitude makes me gasp like a goldfish out of water. The guide strides ahead and has to stop every so often to wait for me. There is no way I can keep up with him as he is well acclimatised where as I have just come straight up from a height of 1000m to 3000m and am I heading to 4500m. I begin to realise that I should have spent an extra day at Lake Piunde to acclimatise. After a relentless climb the track eases off considerably as we gain the shaley south ridge of the mountain. Here are my torch flickers and dies. Luckily, by now we are out of the jungle and the full moon shines like a silver sun.
At the top of the ridge, nearly 4000 metres above sea level, we pass the wreckage of a B-24 bomber from the Second World War. Unrecognisable bits of metal litter the mountainside. Apparently, aviation maps of that era wrongly indicated the PNG's peaks were all well below the 4000 metre mark.
As we get higher and climb out of the steep glaciated valley, the view improves considerably. The rugged high country begins to emerge from the darkness as dawn begins to break. Bare rocky ridges rise up from the darkness to meet at distant mountain tops and remote valleys conceal their secrets under a heavy shroud of low lying clouds. The guide points out the distant summit of Mt Elimbari. The track now settles into a gentle climb and traverses along the base of a number of subsidiary peaks. Huge sweeps of grey granite tower over us; tussocks of coarse brown grass and low shrubs cover the stony mountainside.
Soon even the grass stops growing and splotches of leathery lichen are the only signs of life. A freezing wind cuts straight through the layers of my clothing and numbs me to the core. My boots crunch through the icy skin of puddles on the narrow path and my gloveless hands begin to feel like clumsy stumps.
The track flattens out as we gain the barren summit ridge and traverse along the top. Finally, we round a corner on the ridge and I can clearly see the summit. A white survey marker atop a grey granite crag indicates the highest point.
I struggle up an easy scramble over the large boulders that guard the summit. The altitude is really starting to get to me and a throbbing headach makes my head feel like it's going to explode. After unceremoniously dragging myself over the top I shake the guide's rough hand and sit in the warm light of the rising sun.
The freezing morning air is amazingly clear and the rising sun paints the eastern horizon gold. I can see islands far out in the Bismark Sea and the shadowy profile of the Finisterre and Saruwaged Ranges. The impressive gorge of the Ramu River slashes the landscape like a deep wound. The summits of Mt Giluwe, Mt Hagen and Mt Herbert stick out like islands through a blanket of heavy white cloud which smothers much of the low lying country. Directly below me, brown treeless slopes drop away into nameless valleys.
It is still very early in the day but the cloud, stirred by morning thermals, has already begun to rise. It moves like thick cappuccino froth, filling valleys and pouring over ridge tops. In another hour or so there will be nothing left of the view, and in another two it will be raining again.
Now that summit fever has worn off all I want to do is get out of the biting wind. We reverse the final scramble and eagerly begin the descent. Lower down, once we are well out of the wind, we take a break on a sun-warmed rock. As I savour the sweetness of an orange flake, the first delicate wisps of cloud sweep up the grassy slopes towards us. Soon we are descending in near white out conditions and it is only 10 o'clock in the morning.
Every now and again a window in the cloud opens to reveal either the blueness of the August sky above or green depths of the jungle below. I hurry to keep up with the guide. It will be raining soon and neither of us wants to be caught out.
Route map
I took all these photographs on a Minolta x300 with a Corsina lens using slide film.
It has its own fashion boutique and tropical garden, has hosted weddings and has been likened to a giant house of cards - now Miami parking garage 1111 Lincoln Road by architects Herzog & de Meuron has been named the World's Coolest Car Park.
The striking building in Miami Beach has come top of a shortlist of 10 cool car parks in the competition run by Stress Free Airport Parking and FX magazine.
Described as the most radical work they've ever done by the Swiss architecture firm - whose projects also include Beijing's Bird's Nest stadium (designed in collaboration with artist Ai Weiwei) - 1111 Lincoln Road went up against some of the world's most spectacular places to park, including one in Detroit that has given new life to part of the beautiful, abandoned Michigan Theatre and a subterranean car park in Lyon that uses a giant revolving mirror in its base to harness light from the sun.
Completed in 1926, the Michigan Theatre closed in the Seventies and is now a car park. Photo: Bob Jagendorf
Parc Des Célestins in Lyon. Photo: © Daniel Buren
Other contenders for the title included The Eureka Tower Car Park in Melbourne where signs painted directly onto the walls and floors in the style of Swiss artist Felice Varini are legible only from certain angles, so that they come into view at the precise moment motorists need to see them.
Miami's Ballet Valet Parking Garage by Arquitectonica. Photo: Dan Forer
Miami - twice voted the US city with the rudest drivers - can at least be proud of its car parks: it was the only city in the world to have two in the top 10.
But the UK didn't lose out: Birmingham's blue-glowing Millennium Point by Urban Design (now Acivico) and Sheffield's RIBA award-winning Charles Street car park - AKA the 'Cheese Grater' - by architects Allies & Morrison both made the shortlist.
The 'Cheese Grater', Sheffield's Charles Street car park by Allies and Morrison Architects. Photo: Dennis Gilbert
FX assistant editor and DesignCurial editor Jamie Mitchell, who helped choose the winner, said: 'With more than a billion cars on the world's roads, it's hardly surprising that some of our best architects have turned their talents on the humble car park.
'While most of us still have to settle for parking our cars in utilitarian concrete hulks, the 10 car parks in this shortlist show how imaginative and innovative these buildings can be.'
Birmingham's blue-glowing Millennium Point by Urban Design (now Acivico)
Veranda Car Park in Rotterdam by Paul de Ruiter
Mitchell continued: 'The winner - Herzog & de Meuron's 1111 Lincoln Road - is a brave work of architecture that shows off its function rather than attempting to hide it. With no exterior walls, the cars parked inside become an ever-changing feature of the building - and the open design means it also gives great views over the city.
'But as well as being a bold, striking structure, this is also a carefully thought-out, multi-faceted work of architecture that brings together retail, parking and leisure facilities. Much more than a car park, it is now an architectural icon that's beloved of those who use it - there have even been weddings and yoga classes there.'
1111 Lincoln Road. Photo: ©Hufton + Crow
©Hufton + Crow
Completed in 2010 the open-air structure has no exterior walls; instead its concrete floor plates are supported by buttresses and cantilevers, with floor heights varying from 8 to 34 ft. Lifts and a central winding staircase take drivers to and from their cars. A glassed-in fashion boutique, sits on an edge of the fifth floor and there's more retail space at street level. Developer Robert Wennett even built himself a penthouse apartment in the buildng that also features a pool and gardens.
©Hufton + Crow
©Hufton + Crow
©Hufton + Crow
©Hufton + Crow
The top 10 in full:
The top 3:
1111 Lincoln Road
Location: Miami
Architects: Herzog & de Meuron
Parc des Celestins
Location: Lyon, France
Architects: Michael Targe, Jean-Michel Wilmotte, Daniel Bure
Parc Des Célestins in Lyon. Photo: © Daniel Buren
Charles Street, Sheffield
Location: Sheffield, UK
Architects: Allies and Morrison Architects
Photo: Dennis Gilbert
The seven finalists:
Michigan Theatre
Location: Detroit, USA
Architects (of original theatre): Rapp & Rapp
Veranda Car Park
Location: Rotterdam, Holland
Architects: Paul de Ruiter
Photo: Rien van Rijthoven
Cordova Parkade
Location: Vancouver, Canada
Architects: Henriquez Partners Architects
Car Park Plaza
Location: Ca¡novas, Spain
Architects: Teresa Sapey Estudio de Arquitectura
Photo: Teresa Sapey Estudio de Arquitectura
Ballet Valet Parking Garage
Location: Miami, USA
Architects: Arquitectonica
Photo: Dan Forer
Eureka Tower Car Park
Location: Melbourne, Australia
Design: Emerystudio/Axel Peemöller
Millenium Point, Birmingham
Location: Birmingham, UK
Architects: Urban Design (now Acivico)
Afghan National Army (ANA) soldiers keep watch near a building in which the Loya Jirga (or grand council) is holding a committee session, in Kabul November 22, 2013. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A new U.S. intelligence estimate predicts that gains the United States and allies have made in the Afghanistan war in the past three years will be significantly rolled back by 2017, even if some U.S. troops remain, the Washington Post reported on Saturday, citing officials familiar with the report.
The National Intelligence Estimate also predicts that Afghanistan will quickly fall into chaos if Washington and Kabul fail to sign a security pact to keep an international military contingent there beyond 2014, the newspaper said. The pact must be signed for the United States and its allies to provide billions more dollars in aid to the impoverished country.
The newspaper cited officials who have read the classified report, which includes input from the 16 U.S. intelligence agencies, or were briefed on its conclusions.
“In the absence of a continuing presence and continuing financial support,” the intelligence assessment “suggests the situation would deteriorate very rapidly,” the newspaper quoted one U.S. official familiar with the report as saying.
But the newspaper said some officials felt the report on the potential outcome of the longest war in U.S. history was overly pessimistic and did not take into account progress made by Afghanistan's security forces.
“I think what we're going to see is a recalibration of political power, territory and that kind of thing,” the paper quoted one official as saying. “It's not going to be an inevitable rise of the Taliban.”
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has balked at signing the security pact that would permit U.S. forces to stay in the country beyond 2014, and U.S. officials have said that unless a deal is reached to keep perhaps 8,000 U.S. troops, the Taliban insurgents might stage a major comeback and al Qaeda could regain safe havens.
Republican congressional candidate Warren Davidson just won a primary to take John Boehner's old seat. (John Minchillo/Associated Press)
We originally wrote this story in March, when tea party candidate Warren Davidson won a 15-way Republican primary to fill John Boehner's seat. On Tuesday, Davidson officially won the seat in a special election. It wasn't necessarily a surprise given how Republican the district is, but it's still notable that the tea party will officially be taking over Boehner's seat. An updated version of the story follows:
It was one of the tea party's few highlights in March's congressional primaries. But laying claim to former GOP House speaker John Boehner's old seat is a big one, both for the bragging rights and the momentum it gives House conservatives in their ongoing fight to purify their party ideologically.
Warren Davidson, a businessman and former Army Ranger, won a 15-way Republican primary in March in the special election for Ohio's 8th Congressional District. The tea party candidate rather easily bested more moderate candidates, including two state lawmakers, in a campaign that quickly became ground zero for the party's ongoing identity struggle in the House that Boehner used to run.
On Tuesday, Davidson easily won the special election in the deep-red district, which will allow him to serve out 2016 in Boehner's seat.
Let's step back and assess why this matters. Sure, adding one lawmaker to the ranks of the hard-line House conservatives who have made life difficult for their moderate, pro-business Republican colleagues won't single-handedly change the outcomes of most intra-party dramas. Davidson also won in large part thanks to a crowded primary; he took less than one-third of the vote.
(His general election victory was much smoother. On Tuesday, the Associated Press called the race after Davidson won 75 percent of the vote of 48 precincts reporting.)
But you can imagine how good it feels for the conservatives to get to say they took the former speaker's seat, especially after spending the past few years directly challenging Boehner and, eventually, forcing him out. Congressional conservatives and their outside backers can now reasonably claim they won two battles against Boehner: They played a role in forcing his retirement last fall, and then they won the seat he vacated this spring.
House Speaker John A. Boehner's career in Congress spanned 24 years and included many quotable moments. Here are some of the most memorable ones. (TWP)
Boehner's successor, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.), is also trying to work with or around an estimated 30 to 40 hard-line conservatives who are expressing the same intransigence over budget and social issues that Boehner struggled with.
Davidson's win could give those lawmakers more reason to dig their heels in as things escalate. They can make their case to Republican leaders that, sure, putting their foot down on a proposed budget that increases spending might hinder Republicans' goal of passing a budget on time. But what they're doing is really in the interest of a growing number of Republican voters. Look no further than this highly symbolic seat they just won.
The head of the conservative Club for Growth predicted to Politico before the primary, the first big open House primary this year, that Boehner's seat would be “a bellwether for what Republican primary voters are looking for now.”
Speaking of outside groups, several of them sensed the momentum that could come from a win and tried to factor heavily in this race. The Club for Growth spent a eyebrow-raising $1 million on TV ads to prop up Davidson and attack his rivals. And a new nonprofit aimed at supporting moderate conservatives, Right Way Initiative, spent $450,00 backing state Rep. Tim Derickson, who came in second. Boehner did not endorse anyone, though many of his allies were backing more establishment-oriented candidates.
Taking you back to March's primary, we'll point out again that the size of the primary field probably didn't help any candidates' chances by splitting the ticket. And the Cincinnati Enquirer talked to several voters on election night who couldn't remember who they voted for in the huge field.
But whether you credit Davidson's victory to the TV ads from outside groups or a groundswell of support among conservative Republican voters — or just plain confused Republican voters — matters less than the fact that the conservative guys won one of the most-coveted congressional Republican primaries. And they can rightly brag about it.
(CNN) North Korea has test-fired a brand new intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which experts said shows a major advance in technology and threat.
Photos of the Hwasong-15 released Thursday by North Korean state media showed a large, tall missile that appears to be significantly wider than the Hwasong-14, previously Pyongyang's most-advanced missile, which was launched over Japan twice in July.
"They wanted (to be able) to hit all of the US and they wanted something big to hit it with," said David Schmerler, a research associate at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies (CNS). "This seems on the surface level to be that missile."
The US military has begun referring to the missile as a "KN 22" -- a new designation signaling that the US is increasingly seeing the recent launch as involving a new type of ICBM, according to two US defense officials.
The two launches in July were categorized as KN-20s.
Experts have been analyzing and studying the images since their release, so what can we learn from them about North Korea's new weapon?
An image released Thursday, November 30 purports to show the Hwasong-15 missile launched Wednesday.
It's really big
"This isn't just a big missile for North Korea this is a big missile in general," Michael Duitsman, also research associate at CNS, told CNN. "There are not a lot of countries who could build a missile this big and have it work."
Schmerler said it was "a lot bigger width wise, especially the second-stage, than the previous ICBM."
ICBMs use multiple stages, each containing its own engines and propellant, to carry their payloads up into space, around the earth, and then down towards their target.
Photos released by North Korean state media show Wednesday's launch of the Hwasong-15 ICBM.
While North Korea has demonstrated significant potential range in previous missile tests, some experts have cast doubt on whether the same distance could be achieved by a rocket carrying a heavy nuclear warhead.
Pyongyang seemed to clap back at those skeptics in a statement after Wednesday's launch, which said the Hwasong-15 was "capable of carrying a super-heavy nuclear warhead."
"This system has much greater advantages in its tactical and technological specifications and technical characteristics than (the) Hwasong-14," a government statement said.
The missile was launched just before 3 a.m. on Wednesday, November 29 via a mobile launcher.
While Schmerler cautioned that it was "hard to look at something and know there's a heavy object" on top of it, he said North Korea's claims should be taken seriously and Wednesday's test likely was conducted with a dummy warhead equivalent in weight to a nuclear bomb.
"They're going to try to maximize the amount of (information) you can get out of each test," he said. "They're not going to launch something for the sake of it, it makes much more sense for them to try and field a realistic decoy payload."
Shea Cotton, also a CNS research associate, said he didn't "see why they wouldn't test something with a heavy payload, when we're pretty sure they already have a missile that can hit the US."
Japanese defense minister Itsunori Onodera said Thursday the Hwasong-15 appeared to be a "new type of ICBM-class ballistic missile ... with considerable capability."
"We have never sought war with North Korea, and still today we do not seek it. If war does come, it will be because of continued acts of aggression like we witnessed yesterday," she said. "And if war comes, make no mistake, the North Korean regime will be utterly destroyed."
Experts agreed the Hwasong-15 appears to be larger than any missile North Korea has built previously.
It has a brand-new engine system
The Hwasong-14 , previously North Korea's most advanced ICBM, uses one primary engine with four steering thrusters to guide the missile where it needs to go.
Tuesday's launch however appeared to use two engines, without any supplementary thrusters. "This is certainly a big adjustment," said Schmerler. "It means they've probably gimbaled the engines ... something we've never seen the North Koreans do."
"Gimbaling is something we've never seen in North Korea before, (if we're right) then this would be brand spanking new for North Korea," he said.
In a gimbaled system , rather than having fins or thrusters guide the rocket, the exhaust nozzle of the engine itself can be moved from side to side, adjusting its course.
North Korea's most advanced intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), the Hwasong-15 (left) and Hwasong-14.
Schmerler said that while all countries draw on foreign designs for their weapons systems to some extent, and learn from what competitors and allies do, this would represent a major advance for the domestic North Korean missile program.
"They're looking at the rest of the world and seeing what works and what doesn't and applying this to their own program," he said.
On Twitter, several analysts compared the Hwasong-15's engine to that of the Titan II , a US missile developed during the Cold War and retired in 1987.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un inspects the Hwasong-15 before its launch Wedneday.
There's likely another test to come
Following Wednesday's launch, a North Korean official told CNN Pyongyang was not interested in diplomacy with the US until it had fully demonstrated its nuclear deterrent capabilities.
Reiterating remarks made in the past, the official said one step was to conduct an above-ground nuclear detonation or "large-scale hydrogen bomb" test. The other was the "testing of a long-range ICBM," the implication being this had been achieved with the most recent launch.
A government statement said the Hwasong-15 "is the most powerful ICBM which meets the goal of the completion of the rocket weaponry system development set by (North Korea)."
But Schmerler said this does not mean the North Korean program will not continue advancing, especially if relations with the US do not improve: "They may feel the technological development they've achieved is not sufficient to bring the Americans to the table."
Even if the Hwasong-15 fulfills the end goal of years of missile development, Duitsman said, Pyongyang will likely want to test the system "at least one more time" before it is satisfied with its effectiveness. Two tests of the Hwasong-14 were carried out within weeks of each other in July.
"They also might still conduct practice launches," said Cotton. "To get good at launching (the missiles) in the event they have to launch them really quickly.. so we could see a few of those."
Juanfran remains convinced Atletico Madrid can win the Champions League after the LaLiga side suffered painful defeats in two of the last four finals.
Real Madrid proved to be too strong for their city rivals on both occasions, denying Diego Simeone's men the chance to claim their maiden title in the competition.
Atletico have made a poor start to this season's edition, drawing away to Roma and losing at home to Premier League champions Chelsea, leaving them third in Group C ahead of a double-header with bottom side Qarabag.
Although Atletico have a lot of work to do if they are to make it into the knockout rounds of the tournament, right-back Juanfran is sure Atletico will win the Champions League one day.
"Yes, I remain convinced," Juanfran told Marca. "I do not say this to be deceitful or create false hope in people's minds, but I am convinced that our captain will one day lift the trophy.
"We hope to have a good group stage, qualify to the knockout stages and from there we will gain belief with every round closer to the final."
Today is @diegocosta birthday!
We wish you the best! pic.twitter.com/EDEsblJcUS — Atlético de Madrid (@atletienglish) October 7, 2017
Should they reach the last 16, Atletico's squad will be boosted by the January signings of Vitolo and Diego Costa, with their deals set to be formally completed when the club's transfer ban expires at the turn of the year.
But Juanfran, whose contract expires at the end of the campaign, says Atletico cannot get distracted by the impending arrivals of the Spain internationals.
"The goal today cannot be to think about Diego and Vitolo," Juanfran added, with Costa training at the club after completing his return from Chelsea, while Vitolo is on loan at Las Palmas after leaving Sevilla in a contentious deal.
"We have to think about the players we have at this moment, we will think about signings when the time comes.
"Together with the coach, we are the players who have to deliver right now and we have to get the fans excited.
"Our goal has to be to win matches now and not be desperate for January."
Juanfran is no longer an automatic selection for Simeone at right-back, competing with Sime Vrsaljko and Lucas Hernandez among others for a place, but the 32-year-old is keen to extend his six-year stay at the club by signing a new deal.
"During the year we will continue negotiations, I do not wish to renew for the sake of it. If I sign, it is because I feel important to the team and I can continue performing," Juanfran said.
"I also want the club to trust me for more years and believe I can be a major player, I do not want anybody to simply give me anything."
There are a million different ways to design a JavaScript module. Standard patterns like the singleton and custom type are widely adopted, and provide a dependable feature-set. Some other patterns, however, push the limits of what a module can (and should) actually be. The first group is often encouraged, while the second is denounced without further thought. This post will attempt to explore that second group.
Before jumping in, I want to explicitly point out that almost all of the concepts explained below should be avoided in production. These patterns have the potential to cause nightmares for you or your team down the road, with hidden bugs and unexpected side-effects. But they exist for a reason, and when used properly (read: very carefully) they can solve real problems that other, safer patterns can't. But just… you know… with those terrible, dangerous side effects.
Monkey Patches
JavaScript is a dynamic language, which - when paired with its prototype-based nature - gives the developer free range to modify objects and classes across entire applications. So when you one day find yourself building a pig-latin generator and wishing that JavaScript strings handled this conversion themselves, you can do something like this:
String . prototype . pigLatin = function () { /* ... */ } 'Is this actually a good idea?' . pigLatin () // 'Is-ay is-thay actually-ay an ood-gay idea-ay?'
Modifying already-existing methods can be a little trickier. You can simply overwrite them, but if you want to leverage the original function you'll need to save it first. Using a more practical example than the one above, you may want to attach data to every every template that gets rendered in an Express application:
// Save the original render function to use later res . _render = res . render ; // Wrap the render function to process args before rendering res . render = function ( view , options , callback ) { options . global = { /* ... */ }; this . _render ( view , options , callback ); }
This practice is called monkey patching, and it is generally considered to be a terrible idea. Monkey patches pollute your application's shared environment. They can collide with other patches, and be impossible to debug even when working properly. The pattern is a powerful hack, but luckily its adoption and use is generally limited.
But desperate times can call for desperate measures, and sometimes a monkey patch is necessary. If the situation allows it, building your patch as a separate module will help keep the hack quarantined and decoupled from the rest of your application. Organizing your monkey patches in one place can also make it easier to find when/if debugging is needed.
The first thing you'll want to do is make as many assertions about the environment as possible. Assert that the method you're adding/modifying hasn't been added/modified yet. Check that its version is correct. Check that everything exists exactly as you expect. Check all of this first, and throw an error if any of it doesn't look right. While this might sound over-the-top now, it could save you days of debugging later if you fail to catch some subtle collision.
You should also consider exporting your monkey patch as a singleton, with a single apply() method that executes the code. Applying the patch explicitly (instead of as a side effect of loading it) will make your module's purpose clearer. It will also allow you to pass arguments to your monkey patch, which might be helpful or even necessary depending on your use case.
// some-monkey-patch/index.js module . exports = { apply : function () { /* check environment/arguments & apply patch */ } } // later... require ( 'some-monkey-patch' ). apply ();
Polyfills
Polyfills are most commonly found on the client-side, where different browsers have different levels of feature support. Instead of forcing your application down to support the lowest-common denominator (looking at you, IE) you can use a polyfill to add new features to old browsers and standardize across platforms.
As a server-side developer, you might think that you're safe from this problem. But with Node's long v0.12 development cycle, even Node.js developers will find new features that aren't fully available to them yet. For example, async-listeners were added in v0.11.9, but you'll have to wait until v0.12.0 before you'll see them in a stable build.
Or… you could consider using an async-listener polyfill.
// load polyfill if native support is unavailable if ( ! process . addAsyncListener ) require ( 'async-listener' );
The polyfill is still a monkey patch at heart, but it can be much safer to apply in practice. Instead of modifying anything and everything, polyfills are limited to implementing an already-defined feature. The presence of a spec makes polyfills easier to accept, but all the same warnings and guidelines for monkey patching still apply. Understand the code you're adding, watch out for collisions (specs can always change), and make sure you assert as much as possible about your environment before applying the patch.
JSON Modules
JSON is the data format of choice for Node.js, and native JSON support makes it easy to load and then interact with static data files as if they were actually JavaScript modules. The original http-status-codes-json module, for example, was entirely represented by a static JSON file. And because of Node's JSON support, the module became an interactive dictionary of HTTP status codes.
// http_status_codes.json { "100" : "Continue" , "200" : "OK" , /* ... */ // later... var httpStatusCodes = require ( 'http-status-codes-json' ); console . log ( httpStatusCodes [ res . statusCode ]); // 'NOT FOUND'
This feature can be powerful, but don't refactor your code just yet. Modules are loaded synchronously, which means nothing else can run while the file is loaded and parsed. And once parsed, the result is saved and persisted in your module cache for the rest of your applications lifetime. Unless you intend to actually interact with the object as a module, stick to fs.readFile() and/or JSON.parse() , and save yourself the performance hit and added complexity.
Compile-to-JS Modules
Node supports JSON right out of the box, but require() will throw an error if you try loading anything else. However, if you roll up your sleeves and start poking around, you'll find that Node can be made to support any number of file types, as long as you provide the parsers.
Here's how it works: Node holds a collection of “file extensions” internally, which are responsible for loading, parsing, and exporting a valid representation of a given file. The native JSON extension, for example, reads the file via fs.readFileSync() , parses the results via JSON.parse() , and then attaches the final object to module.exports . While these parsers are private to Node's Module type, they are exposed to developers via the require() function.
CoffeeScript is probably the most popular compile-to-js language, but to properly use it with Node you'll need to compile it down to JavaScript after every change. Using the technique described above, fans could instead build CoffeeScript support right into Node.js, handling this extra step automatically:
module . exports = { apply : function () { // Load your new CoffeeScript extension into Node.js require . extensions [ 'coffee' ] = function coffeescriptLoader ( module , filename ) { // Read the contents from the '.coffee' file var fileContent = fs . readFileSync ( filename , 'utf8' ); // Compile it into JavaScript so that V8 can understand it var jsContent = coffeescript . compile ( fileContent ); // Pass the contents to be compiled like a normal JavaScript module module . _compile ( jsContent , filename ); }; } } // Later... require ( 'require-coffee' ). apply ();
Note: This feature was deprecated once everyone realized that processing your code into JS and JSON before run-time is almost always the better way to go. Parsing directly during runtime can make bugs harder to find, since you can't see the actual JS/JSON that gets generated.
MP3… Modules?
CoffeeScript was built with JavaScript in mind, so requiring a CoffeeScript module makes a lot of sense. But since Node.js leaves the file representation up to the developer, you can really require any file type you want. In this last section, lets see how this would work with something completely different, like an MP3.
It would be too easy to just load and return the file contents as an MP3 module, so lets go one step further. In addition to getting the MP3 file contents, the file extension should also generate song metadata (such as title and artist) via the audio-metadata module.
var audioMetaData = require ( 'audio-metadata' ); // A custom type to represent the mp3 file and its metadata function MP3 ( file ) { // Attach the file contents this . content = file ; // Process and attach the audio id3 tags this . metadata = audioMetaData . id3v2 ( fileContent ); } // Attach your new MP3 extension require . extensions [ 'mp3' ] = function mp3Loader ( module , filename ) { // Read the contents from the '.mp3' file var fileContent = fs . readFileSync ( filename ); // Export a new MP3 instance to represent the module module . exports = new MP3 ( fileContents ); }; // Later... var song = require ( '/media/i-believe-in-a-thing-called-love.mp3' ); console . log ( song . metadata . artist + ': ' + song . metadata . title ); // 'The Darkness: I Believe in a Thing Called Love'
Depending on the use case, this extension could be built to add even more functionality like streaming, playing, and otherwise interacting with the song, all automatically supported at load time.
Conclusion
This post isn't meant to endorse or approve of any of the above patterns, but it isn't a blanket denouncement either. What makes these modules dangerous is the same thing that makes them so powerful: they don't follow the normal rules. Polyfills can update your feature set without actually updating the framework, while File Extensions change the idea of what a Node.js module can actually be. Understanding how any of this is possible will help you make smarter decisions when it comes to module design, and allow you to spot potential problems before they happen.
And one day, when you find yourself in a jam, one of these patterns might just help you out.
There's a reason why folks like Getter and Skrillex are stuffing their sets with tracks from Edinburgh-based producer, Tisoki. His fresh take on dubstep and its ancillary sounds is more than welcome in an increasingly resurgent bass music market in the United States, and Tisoki's spot on balance between superior sound design and melodic awareness makes him a serious contender for dubstep's next star.
With a release out this week on Never Say Die's Vol. 4 compilation, we reached out to the UK producer to take over the NEST HQ MiniMix and answer a few questions about his goals for 2016, thoughts on the current state of dubstep, and some background on his approach to this mix. Read on and listen in below.
__
What were the best and worst things about 2015 for you?
Best things about 2015 were definitely traveling a ton more for music, collaborating with more diverse artists, and getting support from my idols. Worst things were definitely how little sleep I got as well as doing paperwork and all that boring shit.
You have a track coming out this week on Never Say Die. Can you tell us a bit about the collaboration and how it came together?
Basically me and Topi had jammed on some ideas in the past and nothing ever really came of them, he's a super good producer and working with him on this song for NSD Vol. 4 was really seamless. We finished the track right around the time I played at Ergh in London for Halloween and TJ (the head of NSD) was there and the rest is history.
What are three words/phrases made famous last year that you'd like to personally retire for the rest of the world in 2016?
Ok so I'm probably gonna get some stick for this (sorry Tanner hahaha) but “suh dude”, not because it's a bad phrase but because it's so catchy and it sticks in my head for like a week. “Fam” needs to dissipate as well, I grew up around people from London saying it and hearing some people in American accents saying it makes my skin crawl. I actually can't think of any more I wanna abolish so the best phrase for me of 2015 is “it's lit”… it's lit.
Not sure how it is across the Atlantic, but there's a growing sentiment in the US that dubstep is set to increase in popularity again this year. Did you ever notice a dip in retention from your perspective in past years, and if so, what do you feel is the catalyst for its recent uptick?
There's always been such a fine line around talking about dubstep in the UK because “it comes from here” and there's a ton of purists who still won't let Skream do his own thing. From what I can tell it's still quite big in London but the majority of the time it's when there's international acts being flown in. For the other places in the UK outside of London, it honestly seems dead. I haven't seen or heard of a dubstep show that's had more than 50 people at it outside of London / the south of England in 2015 (Other than Skrill's Manchester Warehouse Project – again, an international act). I think it's on its way back though because people just haven't stopped making / pushing it, you've still got awesome labels doing their thing and sticking to what they love even though mass market just wants house and techno at the moment.
What is the biggest goal you've set for yourself as an artist going into the new year?
My biggest goal is to make more content and actually release more. I've been so caught up with OCD and I've even had moments where I wanted to just delete everything from my Soundcloud and start again. I watch quite a lot of YouTube and my favourite vlogger is Casey Neistat, he mentioned a phrase which was something along the lines of “don't let perfect ruin good.” I've been trying to stick by that in my productions, if a snare is not punchy enough but changing it ruins the whole vibe then fuck it… it's been such a hard mindset to adopt though after being completely focused on “perfection” haha.
Finally, what's the vibe you aimed for with this mix? Any standouts in here that we should listen in for specifically?
In this mix, I wanted to fuse some of my weird music taste with some of the techniques I use in my DJ sets — fast mixing and sometimes obnoxiously out of key transitions because at the end of the day, drunk people in a club aren't going to care about the circle of fifths. The first track is something I've found recently, a remix of my good friend Josh (Diamond Eyes) by a dude named Froogle, it's so unique and feelsy.
Tracklist:
Diamond Eyes – U&I (Froogle Remix)
Jackal – Animal Style (Ray Volpe & Tucker Kreway Remix)
Alex Clare – Up All Night (Nadastrom Remix)
ID – ID
Skrillex – Recess (Reid Stefan Remix)
Eptic – The End (Breaux VIP)
NOAHPLAUSE – Runnin'
Reid Stefan – For The Birds (Ray Volpe Bootleg)
Skrillex & Jauz – Squad Out
Barely Alive – Rough And Rugged
JOYRYDE – Hari Kari
David Heartbreak – Acid Youth (SteLouse & Oliverse Remix)
Oliverse – ID
Habstrakt – Gimme ft. Badjokes
Maxx Live – EDM Jungle
Must Die – Hellcat
Shayne – You Know The Deal
Oliverse – Hold It Down
Oliverse – Hold It Down (Tisoki Remix)
Flux Pavilion – Emotional ft. Matthew Koma (Panda Eyes Remix)
Valentino Khan – Lunchbox
Ray Volpe – Make Me Feel
Ray Volpe – Make Me Feel (Tisoki VIP)
Brillz & Ghastly – Hawt (Getter Remix)
Jack Ü – Febreeze ft. 2Chainz
Tisoki & Grabbitz – Pretty Much LA (Live Mix)
Krumpt – This Much Power
Tisoki & Grabbitz – Nah Nah Nah ft. Mikey Ceaser
Tisoki & WATGOOD – How About It (Tisoki VIP)
Tisoki & WATGOOD – How About It (Quest Remix)
MaxD – Liable (Panda Eyes Remix)
SOPHIE – Lemonade
I AM ROBOT – Ambush Dem (Tisoki Remix)
Wax Motif & Neoteric – Go Deep (Astronomar Remix)
JOYRYDE – FLO
__
More from Tisoki on:
Soundcloud
Facebook
Twitter
Last month in the student newspaper, Protess accused the university of waging a "war" against him. And this week, the university told students that Protess won't be teaching his investigative reporting course for the upcoming spring quarter as expected. Students planning to take the course signed a petition asking university officials to reconsider and threatening to drop the class.
At the center of the dispute are memos written by students during their investigation of the McKinney prosecution --documents Protess turned over to McKinney's lawyers at Northwestern Law School's Center on Wrongful Convictions so they could try to win his freedom. Led by Protess to believe that only limited information had been shared, university officials said, they spent almost a year and hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal expenses fighting prosecutors' bid for all the student records.
As NBA training camps open Tuesday, one of the league's most important players has already been placed on disability.
Drexel Hamilton analyst Tony Wible downgraded Disney stock on Monday in response to “a massive increase in NBA costs” for ESPN.
Disney's deal to televise NBA games, with its increase in step-up costs over last year, could shave as much as 5 percent off pre-tax profits.
ESPN and Turner Sports renewed their TV deal with the NBA for $24 billion in October 2014.
The agreement, which takes effect in October and lasts through the 2024-25 season, works out to $2.7 billion a year — an annual increase of 190 percent over the $930 million-a-year agreement it replaces.
The media-rights windfall has created a new financial reality for the NBA, most notably by boosting the salary cap for each team to $94 million.
The $24 million increase from last year's cap — the biggest jump the league has seen — has, in turn, created sticker shock.
On July 1, the first day of free agency for eligible NBA players, Mike Conley re-upped with the Memphis Grizzlies for five years.
His $153 million contract was the richest by total value in NBA history, according to ESPN Stats & Information.
And its annual salary of $30 million-plus put him in a league with Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant — NBA players who, unlike Conley, had at least made the All-Star team.
Few general bookstores have as large a cookbook section as Brookline Booksmith in Brookline, Mass. And few people know the cookbook market better than the store's co-owner Lisa Gozashti, who's also been the store's cookbook buyer for the past 18 years. With this in mind, we asked Gozashti for the fall titles she's most excited about.
The Palestinian Table (Oct., $39.95 hardcover, Phaidon) by Reem Kassis
Kassis, who was born in Jerusalem, but lives in the U.S., learned to cook from her grandmothers, mother, and aunts. In this photo-filled cookbook, she writes about food and family and the culinary traditions passed down to her. “We've had other Palestinian cookbooks, but this book is unique and physically amazing. It's like a treasure trove of memories, hopes, and wishes, and an offering into the heart of the Palestinian culture.”
Smörgåsbord: The Art of Swedish Breads and Savory Treats (Sept., $17.99 hardcover, Ten Speed) by Johanna Kindvall
In her first book Fika (with Anna Brones), the Swedish illustrator and food blogger brought the Swedish tradition of twice daily coffee breaks, or fika, to an international audience. Her first solo book is “beyond beautiful. She's a wonderful artist and illustrator. It's got all the elements of hygge in it, and it offers a new way of thinking about small plates.”
Myers+Chang at Home: Recipes from the Beloved Boston Eatery (Sept., $32 hardcover, HMH) by Joanne Chang with Karen Akunowicz Chang's earlier cookbooks, Flour and Flour, Too, offered recipes for baked goods featured at her Boston bakeries and cafes of the same name. But her new cookbook focuses on Asian comfort food and is based on the food that she serves at Myers+Chang, a Boston restaurant that she and her husband, Christopher Meyers, opened a decade ago. “It's like Flour in the sense that Chang's language and their story comes through. She brings to life the Chinese cooking of her childhood.”
Sweet (Oct., $35 hardcover, Ten Speed) by Yotam Ottolenghi and Helen Goh
Ottolenghi, who owns an eponymous group of restaurants and the high-end spot Nopi in London, has had no trouble translating his cooking style for an American audience. All five of his previous cookbooks have been New York Times bestsellers. “People are definitely ready for one more Ottolenghi cookbook, and this one is insanely beautiful. There's not a region not represented in the recipes. He's so good with his melding of flavors. It looks accessible; baking can sometimes be intimidating.”
Half Baked Harvest Cookbook: Recipes from My Barn in the Mountains (Sept., $29.99 hardcover, Clarkson Potter) by Tieghan Gerard
Gerard first came to home cooks' attention five years ago when she started a food blog, Half Baked Harvest, after her family moved from Ohio to Colorado. The recipes were good and the dishes beautiful. The fact that she was just a teenager didn't hurt, either. “She started reading food blogs when she was 13, and she has an incredible blog. The food is beautiful to look at, amazing to eat, and she's [only] 21."
Homegrown: Cooking from My New England Roots (Oct., $35 hardcover, Artisan) by Matt Jennings
“He's the beloved local chef of Townsman [in Boston] and honors classic New England ingredients and traditions, in both heartening and innovative ways.” Jennings has four James Beard Foundation Award nominations for Best Chef: Northeast, and also earned a spot on Food & Wine's 40 Under 40 Big Thinkers in America list.
Smitten Kitchen Every Day: Triumphant and Unfussy New Favorites (Oct., $35 hardcover, Knopf) by Deb Perelman
Perelman, who has no training as a chef, started a food blog a decade and a half ago, that appealed to readers because it incorporated stories about her life as a mom of two young children trying to get dinner on the table. She developed such a strong following--one reader even became her husband--that her first cookbook debuted at #2 on the New York Times list. “I think this will reach a wider audience than her first title, The Smitten Kitchen Cookbook (2012). [That one] is unstoppable.; it's a constant bestseller. Even now I sell two or three a week.”
An earlier version of this story incorrectly listed the name of Matt Jennings's restaurant; the correct name is Townsman.
Barcelona, Spain (CNN) Catalan leaders have insisted they will reject any attempt by Madrid to impose direct rule on their autonomous region, as a political crisis escalates over Catalonia's threats to declare independence from Spain.
On Saturday, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy announced his plans to dissolve the Catalan parliament under a never-before-used article of the Constitution, vowing to remove the region's elected leaders as soon as possible and hold new elections.
It is the most serious threat Rajoy has made since Catalonia held an independence referendum on October 1, triggering Spain's worst political crisis in decades.
Madrid dismissed the vote as illegal but Catalan leaders saw it as a mandate to announce a split from the country.
What will direct rule mean?
On Sunday, Spanish Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis gave a glimpse into what Catalonia under direct rule might look like.
"We are going to establish the authorities who are going to rule the day-to-day affairs of Catalonia according to the Catalan laws and norms," he told the BBC's Andrew Marr.
Demonstrators march in Barcelona on Saturday.
He called on the Catalan people to ignore the current regional authorities, including the police, once Madrid declared direct rule and said that new elections should bring in new leaders.
"They wont have any legal authority, so they will be equal to a group of rebels trying to impose their own arbitrariness on the people of Catalonia," he said.
He said that the regional police could resume their duties once they had been placed under the authority of Madrid or newly elected Catalan leaders.
Dastis denied that Madrid would need to send in large numbers of police or the military to impose direct rule.
"We hope the regional police, once put under the control of people who respect and who uphold the Catalan rules and Spanish rules, everything will be fine."
'Attack on democracy'
On Saturday, nearly half a million people protested in Barcelona, Catalonia's biggest city.
Demonstrators shouted "Freedom! Freedom! Freedom!" and "Rajoy, Rajoy, so you know we are leaving!"
Catalan President Carles Puigdemont was among the throngs, but he stopped short of declaring independence, as he had threatened to do earlier in the week.
"The Catalan institutions and the people of Catalonia cannot accept this attack," he said later in a televised statement, accusing Madrid of seeking the "humiliation" of the Catalan people.
"What is being done with Catalonia is directly an attack on democracy that opens the door to other abuses of the same kind anywhere, not just in Catalonia."
Protesters hold signs reading "Freedom for the two Jordis" on Saturday, referring to two jailed Catalan activists.
Other Catalan politicians were similarly defiant. Catalan parliamentary leader Carme Forcadell accused Rajoy of "enormous political irresponsibility" that "trespassed all limits."
"He announced a de facto coup d'etat with which he aims to take over Catalan institutions," Forcadell said Saturday.
"We will not take a step back. We were chosen by the people of this country as legitimate representatives, and as public servants we owe ourselves to them."
Rajoy calls for new elections
Rajoy is seeking to employ Article 155 of the constitution, which would allow the national government to suspend the autonomy of the Catalan regional administration. Rajoy said the measure would be sent to the Spanish Senate within the week.
New elections should be called for Catalonia within six months, Rajoy said, adding that he wants it to happen as soon as possible.
Under the measures proposed Saturday by Rajoy, Puigdemont, his vice president and ministers would be suspended and replaced by the administration in Madrid, where necessary.
JUST WATCHED How Catalonia's independence crisis unfolded Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How Catalonia's independence crisis unfolded 02:24
"The government had to enforce Article 155. It wasn't our desire, nor our intention. It never was," Rajoy said. "But in this situation, no government of any democratic country can accept that the law is ignored."
In undertaking these steps, the government has four goals, Rajoy said -- to return to legality; to restore normality and coexistence in Catalonia; to continue the region's economic recovery; and to hold elections under normal conditions.
Spain's FM denies excessive use of force
Catalan media reacted Sunday to Rajoy's announcement with editorials goading Puigdemont to declare independence soon.
The Catalan daily Diari Ara published photos of the march under the banner "Freedom," while the daily El Punt Avui showed a photo of Rajoy in black and white overlooking the colorful protests under a headline: "Returning to the past." It also ran an editorial under the headline: "An unacceptable attack."
Every move Madrid has made to ward off an independence declaration, the Catalan people appear to have responded to with more vigor.
Spanish police officers try to disperse voters at a polling station in Barcelona on October 1.
Madrid sent thousands of police into Catalonia to stop the October 1 vote, but officers were seen using what many called excessive force, shooting rubber bullets at protesters, dragging voters from polling stations by their hair and restraining elderly people.
Even though members of the Spanish government eventually apologized for the police's force that day, Dastis defended the police Sunday, saying that the use of force was "limited" and "provoked," and that many of the images had been doctored and constituted "fake news."
Implications of independence
Nearly 7.5 million people live in Catalonia, an economic powerhouse in the northeast of Spain. Spain's population is almost 49 million.
More than 2.25 million people turned out to vote, with the regional government reporting that 90% of voters favored a split from Madrid. But the turnout was low -- around 43% of the voter roll -- which Catalan officials blamed on the central government's efforts to stop the referendum.
An independent Catalonia would be outside the European Union and its single market, which is essentially a free-trade zone.
EU leaders have backed the Madrid government in its handling of the crisis, which Rajoy insists is an internal matter.
Catalonia would also sit outside the World Trade Organization, which could have consequences for the region's economic health.
HARRISBURG — State Sen. Jim Ferlo figured it was time to say something.
Ferlo, D-Highland Park, disclosed that he is gay during a news conference Tuesday about legislation that would expand the state's hate crime law to include lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
“I'm gay. Get over it. I love it. It's a great life,” Ferlo said during the news conference.
Ferlo, 63, is the first openly gay member of the Senate.
In the state House, Rep. Mike Fleck, R-Huntingdon, disclosed in 2012 he is gay. He lost the May primary. Rep. Brian Sims, D-Philadelphia, has said he is gay.
The statement wasn't planned, Ferlo said later in an interview.
“It was totally impromptu. I've never denied it. I've never felt the need to talk about it,” he said.
Ferlo said he was heterosexual through his teens and early 20s.
“Somewhere along the line … I decided I preferred to be homosexual and preferred to be with men.”
“I've encouraged folks to be open if they can,” Ferlo said.
Ferlo is leaving office Nov. 30.
Once he leaves the Senate, Ferlo, who was elected in 2002, plans to focus on his health and fitness, and on rebuilding neighborhoods and enhancing economic development in Pittsburgh. “I'll be the volunteer supreme,” he said.
Kevin Acklin, chief of staff for Mayor Bill Peduto, serves on the city's Urban Redevelopment Authority board with Ferlo.
“We don't always see eye to eye, but the senator is a good man and a faithful public servant. Obviously, his announcement doesn't change the way I think about him one bit,” Acklin said. “Being gay is no longer a barrier to public service. I think it's a testament to the progress we're making as a culture.”
Staff writer Tom Fontaine contributed to this report. Brad Bumsted is Trib Total Media's state Capitol reporter. Reach him at 717-787-1405 and bbumsted@tribweb.com.
If there's a team with as many troubles as USF1 it's Campos Meta1. Now sources tell us USF1 may team up/acquire Meta1. Are two struggling teams better than one?
The buzz we've been told by a key supplier source is USF1 is having quite a lot of trouble with FIA crash testing and the team is caught in a battle between older F1 engineers wanting to talk about the problem and younger engineers just wanting to do it. The solution? Combine the Campos Meta1 team and the USF1 team and hope against hope one of the cars, two of the drivers and some combination of remaining sponsors can get enough together to make a few races.
We wonder if maybe it isn't the other way around since it seems Campos has a better sponsorship setup than USF1 right now. Also, ESPN is reporting Campos will announce a new funding solution soon. Could their funding solution be YouTube founder and possibly former USF1-sponsor Chad Hurley, thus creating a rumor that USF1 is buying Campos?
Granted, this is all a crazy rumor, but crazy rumors are all we have right now.
As for their website being down overnight, USF1 insisted through their Twitter account it's nothing to look into:
The US F1 Team web server is down and is being repaired as this is written. We are not gone, as many have reported. More news soon.
Advertisement
We'll be waiting.
New Delhi: Kicking up a storm, BJP leader Subramanian Swamy on Tuesday said that the BJP's position on homosexuality is that it is a ‘genetic disorder'.
His comments come at a time when support is pouring in from around the country for the LGBT community after US legalised gay marriage.
Swamy was responding to a question about Law Minster Sadananda Gowda's comment on homosexuality. Gowda is reported to have said that the Narendra Modi-led government was considering of scrapping Section 377 of the IPC that criminalizes gay sex.
However, Gowda said that he had been misquoted and never mentioned of scrapping Section 377.
"I have ben totally misquoted. When I was asked about the judgment that was given by the US court, I said that it is not an easy task in our country. So, we have no idea of scrapping or doing anything about [Section] 377," Gowda said in an interview to ANI. said," he added.
Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved
Matt Grubs - SANTA FE (KRQE) - The Office of Governor Susana Martinez is refusing to comment on a late-night phone call made by the governor to Santa Fe police following a noise complaint involving a party for the governor's staff held at a posh Santa Fe hotel.
Recordings of the phone call obtained by KRQE News 13 reveal a conversation between emergency dispatchers and the governor, as she tries to convince police that there's no need for them to respond to the complaint.
Listen to the recordings, story continues below:
No report was filed by police. A spokesman for the city of Santa Fe told KRQE News 13 that the officers who arrived on scene spoke to the governor, state police and hotel staff. After receiving "assurances" from staff and hotel security that the matter was under control.
The episode began with a phone call at 1:31 a.m. from the front desk at the four-star Eldorado. The front desk attendant told police she'd received several complaints from hotel guests about a fourth-floor room that had been "partying" and throwing bottles off the balcony. The attendant said hotel staff had warned the partiers and told them to leave and now wanted the guests to be kicked out.
The dispatcher sent police.
Three minutes later, the front desk attendant called the Regional Emergency Communications Center again: "Um, I actually have, uh, someone that would like to speak with you," the front desk attendant says.
The governor's voice comes on the line: "Hello?"
The dispatcher identifies himself.
"Hi. This is Governor Susana Martinez," the governor says as the dispatcher asks how he can help. "Yes, tell me what the complaint is."
The dispatcher, unaware that the governor was at the hotel for a holiday staff party, seems confused by the fact that the governor is on the other end of the line. The conversation continues as the governor begins a several-minute-long effort to find out what room had been complaining about the noise from here fourth-floor room.
KRQE News 13 is transcribing audio of the conversation and will update this story shortly.
Drifters are marine micropneumonopteres that spend most time of their lives on the water surface; their fur is water-repelling and prevents them form sinking. Remarkable are the long hairs on the sides of the fourth leg pairs that are used mainly for propulsion. They are mostly found around coastal regions and feed on smaller flying micropneumonopteres that fell into the sea or small aquatic animals living close to the surface. A typical trait of drifters is their strong, expandable lips that are used to catch their prey and show characteristic wrinkles when retracted. While their name comes from the upwards-held wings that remind of sails, it is mostly done to keep the breathing slits away from the water surface. Drifters usually only return to land to reproduce; some species use floating objects as a surface instead.
Common fishing drifter: Belongs to a group of long-tailed drifters that use said tails as baits to attract prey. Nocturnal species usually use scent glands to attract their prey while the diurnal species use colors and movement. One nocturnal species is remarkable for catching a small photoplancton animal, impaling it on it's tail spines and baiting with the glow.
Bristlediver: An active swimming group that lost its ability to fly and uses the space under its wings as air storage and hydrostatic device.
FLAT ROCK, Mich./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co (F.N) said Tuesday it will cancel a planned $1.6 billion factory in Mexico and invest $700 million at a Michigan factory, after President-elect Donald Trump had harshly criticized the Mexico investment plan.
Ford Motor Co. president and CEO Mark Fields makes a major announcement during a news conference at the Flat Rock Assembly Plant in Flat Rock, Michigan, U.S. January 3, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
The second largest U.S. automaker said it would build new electric, hybrid and autonomous vehicles at the Flat Rock, Michigan plant and add 700 jobs.
Ford Chief Executive Mark Fields said the decision to cancel the new Mexico factory was the result of sagging demand for small cars in North America and not because Trump was elected president. He told Fox Business that the automaker would have made the same decision even if Trump had not been elected.
“There was no quid pro quo because there was no negotiation” with Trump over the decision to cancel the plant, Fields said.
Fields told reporters the decision related to the need to “fully utilize capacity at existing facilities” amid declining sales of small and medium sized cars such as the Focus and Fusion.
Fields also endorsed “pro growth” tax and regulatory policies advocated by Trump and the Republican-led Congress. “This is a vote of confidence for President-Elect Trump and some of the policies he may be pursuing,” Fields said.
Trump repeatedly said during the election campaign that if elected he would not allow Ford to open the new plant in Mexico, which he called an “absolute disgrace” and would slap hefty tariffs taxes on imported Ford vehicles.
Ford executive chairman Bill Ford Jr. told reporters he spoke with Trump to notify him of the decision. The company said the decision was influenced by Trump's policy goals such as lowering taxes and regulations but that there were no negotiations over the decision announced on Tuesday.
By contrast, Trump's team held talks with United Technologies Corp (UTX.N) in November before the company agreed to keep about 800 jobs at its Carrier air conditioning unit in Indiana out of 2,100 set to go to Mexico. Trump has also held high profile meetings with the chief executives of Boeing and Lockheed Martin to talk about the cost of military contracts.
Also on Tuesday, Trump threatened to impose a “big border tax” on General Motors Co (GM.N) for making some of its Chevrolet Cruze cars in Mexico.
The New York businessman, who has vowed to bring back American jobs that have been outsourced overseas and be tough on illegal immigration from Mexico, takes office on Jan. 20.
Fields said Ford will build a battery electric SUV with a 300-mile driving range at the Michigan plant by 2020 — taking on companies like Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA.O), Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and GM — and will launch production there by 2021 of a fully autonomous vehicle without a steering wheel or a brake pedal for use in ride services fleets.
Ford also plans new hybrid versions of its F-150 pickup truck, Mustang and police vehicles by 2020 as the auto industry faces rising fuel efficiency mandates.
Ford will add 700 jobs at the Flat Rock plant, Fields said, to cheers from union workers gathered at the factory for the announcement.
TRUMP PREDICTION
Ford in April announced it would invest $1.6 billion in the new plant in San Luis Potosi, Mexico to build small cars. The company said it will shift production from Michigan of its Focus to an existing plant in Hermosillo, Mexico.
When Trump announced his campaign in June, 2015, he said Ford would cancel its planned Mexico investments. “They'll say,'Mr. President we've decided to move the plant back to the United States — we're not going to build it in Mexico.' That's it. They have no choice,” Trump said.
Trump tweeted a link on Tuesday to a story about the decision.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Ford shares rose 3.3 percent to $12.54, up $0.41 a share, while the Mexican peso fell on Tuesday to touch its weakest level in seven weeks.
Ford said it will add two new unnamed products at its Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne, Michigan, where the Focus is manufactured today.
WINCHESTER , Va. - A local woman now has a published book to her name, which is currently available internationally on Amazon.com. In “A Child of Royalty,” Diana Ketterman writes about her experience growing up with two parents with mental illness.
She is the oldest of three children, who grew up with a mother who struggled for years with undiagnosed schizophrenia, and a father whose brain tumor affected his mental capacity. She started writing about her experience in a journal, but it quickly became something more.
"I didn't intend for it to be a book,” said Ketterman. “I didn't intend to ever tell my story. As a matter of fact, I worked really hard to keep my story a secret, because of the stigma associated with mental illness."
It's a stigma she is hoping to change. Ketterman volunteers with the United Way and helped co-author a regional community mental health report. But that's not all she's doing to bring more awareness to mental health issues. Ketterman says she is in contact with both West Virginia and Virginia lawmakers about reform.
"There's not one easy answer to say, this is the answer for everybody,” said Ketterman. “So what I know is missing as a child, I didn't have anyone in authority that could really take me seriously and really listen to me."
"Fathers of the Internet" named to new Internet Hall of Fame
By Mary Daily
In 1969, Professor Leonard Kleinrock and Vinton Cerf M.S. '70, Ph.D. '72, who was his grad student, transmitted the first message between computers hundreds of miles apart.
On October 29, 1969, something happened in Boelter Hall that changed the world. On that day a team of computer scientists, including grad student Vinton Cerf M.S.'70, Ph.D.'72 and led by Professor Leonard Kleinrock, transmitted the first message between two computers hundreds of miles apart. It was the birth of the Internet.
Now, 43 years later, Kleinrock, a distinguished computer science professor in the Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science, and Cerf, vice president and chief Internet evangelist for Google, are among the first inductees into the Internet Hall of Fame. Administered by the Internet Society, the Hall of Fame recognizes leading visionaries who contributed to the development and advancement of the global network. The names of Kleinrock and Cerf were among those announced in Geneva, Switzerland, on April 23, 2012.
Both men previously received the Charles Stark Draper Award as “fathers of the Internet.” Kleinrock pioneered the mathematical theory of packet networks that underpins the Internet and was a developer of ARPANET, which grew into the Internet. A month before the historic transmission, his lab's UCLA Host computer became the first ARPANET node. Cerf, who received a master's degree and Ph. D. in computer science, worked with Kleinrock to develop ARPANET.
The message the team intended to send (the recipient was the Stanford Research Institute) was “Login,” but the system crashed after the “O.” “Hence,” remembers Kleinrock, “the first message on the Internet was ‘LO' – as in ‘Lo and behold!' We didn't plan it, but we couldn't have come up with a better message: short and prophetic.”
Cerf recalls that he “jumped and shouted, ‘It works!'”
Today, the refrigerator-sized Interface Message Processor (the “IMP”) that made the transmission is housed in Boelter Hall, in the Kleinrock Internet Heritage Site and Archive, a historical reconstruction of the birthplace of the Internet. Visitors to campus can see where it all started.
Read about the 40th anniversary of the Internet and what some of UCLA's top thinkers predicted for the next 40 years.
Kleinrock Internet Heritage Site and Archive, 3420 Boelter Hall, 420 Westwood Plaza. Free. For more information, see www.internethistory.ucla.edu. To arrange a visit, send an e-mail to Internet History.
Dear Robert,have you seen that? I printed your logo on the front of my helmet, and the Polish flag on the side. I wanted you to see that and to let you know that I'm thinking of you. I wanted to show your fans that you are a part of Formula 1 and of this team. This 3rd place is also yours! During the race I had often been thinking of you. Crossing the finish line, happiness totally flooded my head. I know what you are thinking right now: "Lotus-Renault has built such a wonderful car this year. I want to get back as soon as possible and drive it!" You can do it, I wish you all the best for your rehabilitation. Get well soon!YoursNickCheck out Nick's letter also in "BILD" or at bild.de
Virginia's Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe just handed GOP Senate candidate Ed Gillespie a gift. The Post reports:
Senate Republican candidate Ed Gillespie speaks during the Northern Virginia Technology Council Technology Town Hall Forum at the Microsoft Offices on Sept. 8 in Reston, Va. (Photo by Amanda Voisard/For The Washington Post)
In August, McAuliffe announced a $2.4 billion projected budget shortfall that he largely blamed on cuts in defense spending mandated by sequestration. Virginia is among the first states to attribute the loss of thousands of jobs and billions in revenue to sequestration, the mandatory across-the-board spending cuts that took effect in 2013 as part of an earlier impasse over the federal budget.
Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.), Gillespie's opponent, supported the Budget Control Act of 2011 that originally mandated the cuts. Worse for Warner, he has supported tax increases, to close our federal budget gap, something his Democratic governor refused to do at the state level:
A gaping $2.4 billion hole in the state budget brought a rare moment of bipartisan unity to the Capitol on Monday as the Democratic governor and Republican legislative leaders unveiled a plan to tap the rainy day fund and trim most spending by 3 percent.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D), House Speaker William J. Howell (R-Stafford) and budget leaders from the House and Senate announced that they had privately worked out a way to bring state spending in line with a revenue shortfall largely attributed to federal defense cutbacks.
Gillespie commented to Right Turn: “Mark Warner voted for sequestration, making arbitrary and harmful cuts to our defense budget, which are proving devastating in Virginia. I would fight to repeal sequestration, which won't happen with a Democratic majority in the Senate.” He added, “We need to budget to meet our national defense needs, not set defense priorities based on a random budget number.”
This isnt the firsy time Gillespie has raised defense cuts in the campaign. The Virginian-Pilot reported earlier this month when Gillespie traveled around the state with Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.):
“I do not believe that sequestration will ever be repealed as long as the Democrats control the majority in the United States Senate,” Gillespie said after he and the former GOP presidential candidate headlined a rally at Norfolk's Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 4809. When asked about the differences on defense issues between himself and U.S. Sen. Mark Warner, a Democrat who is seeking re-election, Gillespie said the automatic cuts are the “biggest thing.” … McCain, who would likely become chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee if the GOP retakes the Senate, said he would see that Gillespie is appointed to the panel. “Ed and I will work to end this disgrace,” he told the cheering crowd. “I'm here because I've known Ed Gillespie for more than 20 years.”
The Warner campaign lamely said Warner had criticized the sequester. But he voted for the BCA. The eventual BCA deal resulted in $492 billion in planned cuts (for fiscal 2013-2021); about $31 billion was later added back in, according to the House Budget Committee. Moreover, Warner's contribution to the 2011 budget talks was the Gang of Six plan, which cut defense spending even more, some $866 billion. (At the time, House Armed Services Committee chairman Buck McKeon blasted the plan.)
Now Gillespie has a boost from McAuliffe in making the argument with voters that Warner helped cut defense that not only hurt national security but also hurt Virginia economically. Even (or especially?) Virginia Democrats supportive of state spending should be peeved at Warner.
Right now Gillespie trails in public polls by double digits, but he's got a couple of months to get up on the air against Warner and battle it out in debates. It may be that those defense spending cuts Warner supported wind up cutting into his lead. He'll need to come up with something better than “I voted for it and I wanted to cut even more, but then I criticized it.”
(Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
A month before Donald Trump clinched the Republican nomination, one of his closest allies in Congress — House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy — made a politically explosive assertion in a private conversation on Capitol Hill with his fellow GOP leaders: that Trump could be the beneficiary of payments from Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“There's two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump,” McCarthy (R-Calif.) said, according to a recording of the June 15, 2016, exchange, which was listened to and verified by The Washington Post. Rep. Dana Rohrabacher is a Californian Republican known in Congress as a fervent defender of Putin and Russia.
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) immediately interjected, stopping the conversation from further exploring McCarthy's assertion, and swore the Republicans present to secrecy.
Before the conversation, McCarthy and Ryan had emerged from separate talks at the Capitol with Ukrainian Prime Minister Vladi­mir Groysman, who had described a Kremlin tactic of financing populist politicians to undercut Eastern European democratic institutions.
News had just broken the day before in The Washington Post that Russian government hackers had penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee, prompting McCarthy to shift the conversation from Russian meddling in Europe to events closer to home.
Some of the lawmakers laughed at McCarthy's comment. Then McCarthy quickly added: “Swear to God.”
Ryan instructed his Republican lieutenants to keep the conversation private, saying: “No leaks. . . . This is how we know we're a real family here.”
The remarks remained secret for nearly a year.
[Read the transcript of the conversation among GOP leaders obtained by The Post]
The conversation provides a glimpse at the internal views of GOP leaders who now find themselves under mounting pressure over the conduct of President Trump. The exchange shows that the Republican leadership in the House privately discussed Russia's involvement in the 2016 election and Trump's relationship to Putin, but wanted to keep their concerns secret. It is difficult to tell from the recording the extent to which the remarks were meant to be taken literally.
The House leadership has so far stood by the White House as it has lurched from one crisis to another, much of the turmoil fueled by contacts between Trump or his associates with Russia.
House Republican leaders have so far resisted calls for the appointment of an independent commission or a special prosecutor to investigate Russian interference, though pressure has been mounting on them to do so after Trump's firing of FBI Director James B. Comey and the disclosure that the president shared intelligence with Russian diplomats.
Late Wednesday, Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein announced he had appointed Robert S. Mueller III, a former prosecutor who served as the FBI director from 2001 to 2013, as special counsel to oversee the Russia probe.
[Deputy attorney general appoints special counsel to oversee probe of Russian interference in election]
Evan McMullin, who in his role as policy director to the House Republican Conference participated in the June 15 conversation, said: “It's true that Majority Leader McCarthy said that he thought candidate Trump was on the Kremlin's payroll. Speaker Ryan was concerned about that leaking.”
McMullin ran for president last year as an independent and has been a vocal critic of Trump.
When initially asked to comment on the exchange, Brendan Buck, a spokesman for Ryan, said: “That never happened,” and Matt Sparks, a spokesman for McCarthy, said: “The idea that McCarthy would assert this is absurd and false.”
After being told that The Post would cite a recording of the exchange, Buck, speaking for the GOP House leadership, said: “This entire year-old exchange was clearly an attempt at humor. No one believed the majority leader was seriously asserting that Donald Trump or any of our members were being paid by the Russians. What's more, the speaker and leadership team have repeatedly spoken out against Russia's interference in our election, and the House continues to investigate that activity.”
“This was a failed attempt at humor,” Sparks said.
Ken Grubbs, a spokesman for Rohrabacher, said the congressman has been a consistent advocate of “working closer with the Russians to combat radical Islamism. The congressman doesn't need to be paid to come to such a necessary conclusion.”
When McCarthy voiced his assessment of whom Putin supports, suspicions were only beginning to swirl around Trump's alleged Russia ties.
At the time, U.S. intelligence agencies knew that the Russians had hacked the DNC and other institutions, but Moscow had yet to start publicly releasing damaging emails through WikiLeaks to undermine Trump's Democratic challenger, Hillary Clinton. An FBI counterintelligence investigation into Russian efforts to influence the presidential election would open the following month, in late July, Comey has said in testimony to Congress.
Trump has sought to play down contacts between his campaign and the Russians, dismissing as a “witch hunt” the FBI and congressional investigations into Russian efforts to aid Trump and any possible coordination between the Kremlin and his associates. Trump denies any coordination with Moscow took place.
Presidential candidate Trump's embrace of Putin and calls for closer cooperation with Moscow put him at odds with the House Republican caucus, whose members have long advocated a harder line on Russia, with the exception of Rohrabacher and a few others.
Among GOP leaders in the House, McCarthy stood out as a Putin critic who in 2015 called for the imposition of “more severe” sanctions for its actions in eastern Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea.
In May 2016, McCarthy signed up to serve as a Trump delegate at the Republican National Convention, breaking ranks with Ryan, who said he still was not ready to endorse the candidate. McCarthy's relationship with Trump became so close that the president would sometimes refer to him as “my Kevin.”
Trump was by then the lone Republican remaining in the contest for the nomination. Though Ryan continued to hold out, Trump picked up endorsements from the remaining GOP leaders in the House, including Rep. Steve Scalise, the majority whip from Louisiana, and Republican Conference Chairman Cathy McMorris Rodgers (Wash.) — both of whom took part in the June 15 conversation.
Ryan announced on June 2 that he would vote for Trump to help “unite the party so we can win in the fall” but continued to clash with the candidate, including over Putin. While Trump sought to cast Putin as a better leader than then-President Obama, Ryan dubbed him an “aggressor” who didn't share U.S. interests.
On the same day as Ryan's endorsement, Clinton stepped up her attacks on Trump over his public statements praising Putin. “If Donald gets his way, they'll be celebrating in the Kremlin,” she said.
Ukrainian officials were unnerved by Trump's statements in support of Putin. Republicans, they had believed, were supposed to be tougher on Russia.
When Trump named Paul Manafort as his campaign manager in April 2016, alarm bells in Kiev started ringing even louder. Manafort was already well known in Ukraine because of his influential role as a political consultant to Viktor Yanukovych, the country's former Kremlin-friendly ruler until a popular uprising forced him to flee to Russia. Manafort had also consulted for a powerful Russian businessman with close ties to the Kremlin.
“Ukraine was, in a sense, a testing ground for Manafort,” said Ukrainian political scientist Taras Berezovets, who became a grudging admirer of Manafort's skills in the “dark arts” of political stagecraft while Berezovets was working for one of Yanukovych's political rivals.
At the urging of Manafort, Yanukovych campaigned with populist slogans labeling NATO a “menace” and casting “elites” in the Ukrainian capital as out of touch, Berezovets said. Trump struck similar themes during the 2016 campaign.
The FBI is now investigating whether Manafort, who stepped down as Trump's campaign manager in August, received off-the-books payments from Yanukovych's party, U.S. officials said. As part of that investigation, FBI agents recently took possession of a newly discovered document that allegedly details payments totaling $750,000. Ukrainian lawmaker Sergii Leshchenko, who first disclosed the new document, declined to comment on his contacts with the FBI.
A spokesman for Manafort has said that Trump's former campaign manager has not been contacted by the FBI. Manafort has also disputed the authenticity of the newly discovered document.
Groysman, on an official visit to Washington, met separately with Ryan and McCarthy on June 15 at the Capitol.
He told them how the Russians meddled in European politics and called for “unity” in addressing the threat, according to U.S. and Ukrainian officials. Ryan issued a statement after the meeting saying, “the United States stands with Ukraine as it works to rebuild its economy and confront Russian aggression.”
Later, Ryan spoke privately with McCarthy, Rodgers, Scalise and Rep. Patrick T. McHenry (R-N.C.), the deputy whip, among others.
1 of 41 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × As Paul Ryan opts out of reelection bid, we revisit his career in photos View Photos A look at the Wisconsin Republican's life and career in politics. Caption A look at the Wisconsin Republican's life and career in politics. Feb. 2, 2016 House Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin speaks in Washington. J. Scott Applewhite/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Ryan mentioned his meeting with Groysman, prompting Rodgers to ask: “How are things going in Ukraine?” according to the recording.
The situation was difficult, Ryan said. Groysman, he said, had told him that Russian-backed forces were firing 30 to 40 artillery shells into Ukrainian territory every day. And the prime minister described Russian tactics that include “financing our populists, financing people in our governments to undo our governments.”
Ryan said Russia's goal was to “turn Ukraine against itself.” Groysman underlined Russia's intentions, saying, “They're just going to roll right through us and go to the Baltics and everyone else,” according to Ryan's summary of the prime minister's remarks in the recording.
“Yes,” Rodgers said in agreement, noting that the Russians were funding nongovernmental organizations across Europe as part of a wider “propaganda war.”
“Maniacal,” Ryan said. “And guess, guess who's the only one taking a strong stand up against it? We are.”
Rodgers disagreed. “We're not . . . we're not . . . but, we're not,” she said.
That's when McCarthy brought the conversation about Russian meddling around to the DNC hack, Trump and Rohrabacher.
“I'll guarantee you that's what it is. . . . The Russians hacked the DNC and got the opp [opposition] research that they had on Trump,” McCarthy said with a laugh.
Ryan asked who the Russians “delivered” the opposition research to.
“There's . . . there's two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump,” McCarthy said, drawing some laughter. “Swear to God,” McCarthy added.
“This is an off the record,” Ryan said.
Some lawmakers laughed at that.
“No leaks, all right?,” Ryan said, adding: “This is how we know we're a real family here.”
“That's how you know that we're tight,” Scalise said.
“What's said in the family stays in the family,” Ryan added.
Andrew Roth in Moscow, Michael Birnbaum in Brussels and Robert Costa in Washington contributed to this report.
Read more:
Political chaos in Washington is a return on investment for Moscow
White House offers shifting explanations of Trump's disclosures to Russians
Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister and ambassador
A father of six-year-old twin boys – one of whom is now living as a girl – has revealed he first noticed differences between his sons when they were just 18 months old.
Matt Downes, 37, from St Albans, said he and his wife Rosie found that Olly would kick a ball around and buy Thomas The Tank Engine magazines, but Joe, who is now called Lily, opted for pink outfits and books about fairies.
Matt, a CEO, also revealed that although the family has supported Lily's decision, Olly has struggled to come to terms with his brother now being his sister.
Scroll down for video
Rosie and Matt Downes have supported their child Joe to become transgender and now call her Lily, far right, pictured with twin Olly and sister Bella
Twin Olly has struggled to deal with the loss of his 'brother' but is coming to terms with the change
He said the little boy has been acting 'overly boyish' to compensate to his peers.
Matt told FEMAIL: 'He started to get quite sad and said to Rosie one day in tears that he had lost his brother.
'Around other kids he's been acting overly boyish and says things to demonstrate he's not a girl.
'He's coming to terms with it.'
Olly has received counselling from the school and is now much happier.
Matt described how Lily showed signs of being transgender from 18-months-old and is now living as a girl.
When his wife Rosie fell pregnant with twins, the couple were thrilled.
Lily was always more into pink toys and dolls than brother Olly from an early age
Lily would get in from school and get dressed in princess fancy dress outfits
After they were born, they were very close but from the age of 18 months, the parents started to see differences between their children.
Matt said: 'My earliest memory of it is at one and a half. My parents had them once a week from when they were born.
'Mum and dad used to take them down to the shops to pick a magazine. Olly would get Thomas The Tank Engine, or more "boy" magazines. She picked something pink with fairies.
'From the age of two she was drawn towards pink toys and babies. She asked for baby dolls and wanted girly fancy dress while Olly had a Batman outfit.'
And Matt explained that Lily's ‘girly' behaviour continued when she went to nursery.
He said: 'It really hit at three when she went to preschool. In the first three weeks, we asked the teacher how they were settling in.
'She said Olly has been outside playing in the sandpit, playing with the boys.
Lily, centre, was upset when she had to wear boy's clothes and found it difficult when her sister Bella was born
Lily liked wearing fancy dress costumes for girls and her friends saw her wear them on play dates
'While Lily has been in the fancy dress all day. She was drawn towards girls and built bonds and friendships with them.'
The couple felt maybe she was just more creative as a child.
Matt said: 'I'm more of a sporty person who loves all kinds of sports and Rosie's a hairdresser and has always been more of a creative.
'Joe was more into arty stuff and Playdoh so we thought she was more creative and Olly likes kicking a ball.'
But she would come home and then change into feminine fancy dress outfits.
Matt admits he found the transition more of a struggle than his wife.
He said: 'I found it more challenging. I was like "You should wear a football kit."
'Rosie has a more open background after working in hairdressing and meeting more people with various styles.'
The parents did try to resist and were worried whether they were encouraging her too much.
He said: 'We had a bit of resistance when Lily was three, we were concerned we were fuelling situation and she was too young to understand.
Parents Matt and Rosie worried they were fuelling the idea by buying 'girly' toys but Lily was unhappy to be given toys stereotypically for males
On holiday, she introduced herself as Lily and wore swimsuits for girls, pictured
Lily wanted to wear hair clips and a girl's outfit for her ballet class
With sister Bella, left, who has accepted Lily as her big sister and her family have been supportive
'That Christmas, we bought more stereotypically "boy" toys for her but we ended up taking them back because she didn't want them.
'We had a bit of a challenge getting friends and family to buying the Christmas and birthday presents she wanted.
'My brother did say things like "Do I have to buy her a princess fancy dress outfit, can't I buy her Lego?"
'But by the time she was four, everyone was fine with it.'
By aged four, Matt said of Lily: 'Literally everyday she'd come in from school and put on a princess dress.'
When the couple had another baby, Bella, now two, that year it led to Lily becoming more vocal.
Matt said: 'She saw Bella had girl bits when she was having a bath and said "Why can't I have one of those?"
'She saw all the toys for the baby being pink rather than blue and would see Bella's pink babygrows.
'She did ballet and would ask why she couldn't have the girl's outfit of a leotard and tutu rather than a white top and black leggings.'
But Bella has quickly adjusted to having an older sister.
Lily wears personalised shorts for her gymnastics class and a leotard
Lily has started school in girl's uniform at the new term in September after discussing her transition with the school
The twins usually had birthday parties together but when they celebrated their sixth birthday early this year, they had their own parties with Olly holding a football-themed party and Lily having an arts and crafts party
Lily wore a fancy dress outfit to look like Elsa from Disney film Frozen and didn't have a 'care in the world' about wearing the dress in front of her friends.
Matt said: 'She never tried to hide it at all. People who were really friends with her had seen her dressed up on playdates.
'At certain discos and school fetes she would go in more girly stuff.
'But it was the first time parents had seen her dressed like that in a full-on Elsa dress.
'There were a few funny looks and a few people weren't quite sure what to say.
'We were aware of a few whispers but nothing was said to Rosie and I.'
It was when they went on holiday in April to Sharm El Sheikh to celebrate their 10-year wedding anniversary they realised she was serious.
He said: 'Lily refused to wear anything other than girl's clothing and was vocal about her desire to be a girl.
'It really hit me and Sophie then, this is something we need to do something about.'
When they returned they booked an appointment at Tavistock and Portman Centre, which specialises in gender dysphoria, but had to wait six months to be seen.
The twins play dress up with Lily wearing butterfly wings and a headband and preferred to wear princess outfits
In a dress, Lily looks comfortable and is now growing her hair
Matt struggled initially to lose Joe but loves his daughter and supports her through the transition
In July, the family went on holiday to Menorca and Lily began to introduce herself with the new name she came up with.
Her parents had previously told her when she was younger if she had been a girl she would be called Lily-Rose as they liked the name.
'The change of name hit me hard,' Matt admitted.
On holiday she was in a girl's swimsuit around the pool, that was quite challenging
'There was a big feeling of loss for me, that I've lost a son. It was a different kind of loss to someone dying.
'It's not Joe anymore. I look at old photos of her and it's hard for my brain to process.'
Using her new moniker and wearing female swimsuits, Matt admits he struggled initially.
'On holiday she was in a girl's swimsuit around the pool, that was quite challenging.
'One thing is remembering to call her Lily not Joe and call her "her" instead of he.
'Even coming back from Majorca through passport control, the officer was confused because her passport is male but she's female.'
WHAT IS GENDER DYSPHORIA? The first signs of gender dysphoria can appear at a very young age. For example, a child may refuse to wear typical boys' or girls' clothes, or dislike taking part in typical boys' or girls' games and activities. The NHS says treatment for gender dysphoria aims to help reduce or remove the distressing feelings of a mismatch between biological sex and gender identity. This can mean different things for different people. For some people, it can mean dressing and living as their preferred gender without surgery. For others, it can mean taking hormones or having surgery to change their physical appearance.
In September, the Tavistock and Portman centre advised the parents that if she is still on the same path by the age of 11 or 12, hormone blockers will be prescribed which will stop the onset of male puberty.
There is the option of taking female hormones at age 16, and at 18 Lily can decide whether or not she will have surgery.
Matt and Rosie discussed the centre's recommendation with the school and Lily started the new term in September in girl's uniform and is now growing her hair.
Matt said they were aware but he doesn't think they expected it to happen so quickly.
He said: 'But once we explained how far back this went and showed them pictures from aged one and a half to three to show this has been going on for a long time, they understood.'
Although other children have been very accepting, he worries for when she starts secondary school.
Matt said: 'There becomes cliques and bitchiness and she won't be able to develop at the same rate the other girls will without hormones.
POST A DEBUG LOG If you came here for support, do this one thing.
Design and Components
RetroPlayer: Code name of a new Kodi component that can play emulators, standalone games, and NVidia GameStream.
Controller support: Remote-friendly way to reconfigure controllers.
Future Components
Game provider add-ons: Stream tens of thousands of games directly from the Internet Archive Software Collection
Media readers: Cartridge adapters, like the Retrode, that give Kodi access to game
Game save manager: Manage savestates and SRAM saves. This enables "gameplay persistence" - the game restarts right where you left off.
Game library: What else other than the full Kodi experience? Box art, game trailers, gameplay videos, system intros, save states, and more.
Network play: I fully completed a netplay add-on. It was slow and buggy and basically needs to be rewritten from scratch.
Shaders: Let's start brainstorming what we want and how this could work. A CRT shader would be cool.
Update
Code: <advancedsettings>
<videoextensions>
<remove>.bin|.img|.iso|.zip</remove>
</videoextensions>
<musicextensions>
<remove>.cue|.zip</remove>
</musicextensions>
<pictureextensions>
<remove>.zip</remove>
</pictureextensions>
</advancedsettings>
RetroPlayer is a new player core for Kodi Entertainment Center. It is similar to the video player and audio visualizer, but it plays games instead of movies and music.After over four years of development, RetroPlayer was merged into Kodi v18 "Leia".Team Kodi doesn't ship emulators because they double the download size, and our add-on repo can't handle binary add-ons yet, so you'll have to get emulators from another source (such as my test builds) or compile them yourself LibreELEC is able to ship binary add-ons, so you can test RetroPlayer with one of their Leia builds. To enable RetroPlayer, insert the secret cheat code.And it's recommended that you change Kodi to identify some extensions as games using http://kodi.wiki/view/Advancedsettings.xml
Richard Smith , chair 1, Peter C Gøtzsche , director 2, Trish Groves , head of research 3 1Patients Know Best, London SW4 0LD, UK 2Nordic Cochrane Centre, Copenhagen, Denmark 3BMJ, London WC1H 9JR, UK Correspondence to: R Smith richardswsmith{at}yahoo.co.uk , T Groves tgroves{at}bmj.com
The BMJ no longer publishes research funded by tobacco companies. Richard Smith and Peter Gøtzsche say that research funded by drug companies is also flawed and published to encourage sales, but Trish Groves says that the industries are fundamentally different and that moves are afoot to increase integrity
Yes— Richard Smith and Peter C Gøtzsche The BMJ and its sibling journals have stopped publishing research funded by the tobacco industry for two main reasons: the research is corrupted and the companies publish their research to advance their commercial aims, oblivious of the harm they do.1 But these arguments apply even more strongly to research funded by the drug industry, and we suggest there is a better way to communicate the results of trials that would be safer for patients. Prescribed drugs are the third leading cause of death, partly because of flaws in the evidence published in journals. We have long known that clinical trials funded by the drug industry are much more likely than publicly funded trials to produce results favourable to the company.2 The reason is obvious. The difference between an honest and a less than honest data analysis can be worth billions of euros, and the fraudulent trials of some cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitors for arthritis and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for depression are good examples.3 4 5
Industry cannot be trusted There are many clever ways in which companies manipulate their research,6 and two recently published books give dozens of examples.3 7 Flaws in the coding of adverse events can distort results without leaving any trace of what has happened, as we cannot get access to the raw data the drug companies hold. Three large trials of prasugrel, rosiglitazone, and ticagrelor made by Daiichi Sankyo and Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, and AstraZeneca, respectively, published in the New England Journal of Medicine were shown to be seriously misleading.8 Such biased selection by the sponsor of “unclear cases” of serious adverse events for review by an independent adjudication committee also corrupts the evidence base.3 Less cleverly, the companies publish favourable results in major journals and bury unfavourable ones. Half of trials are never published.9 In contrast to tobacco funded research, which is comparatively rare, two thirds of the clinical trials published in major journals such as the Lancet or New England Journal of Medicine are funded by the drug industry.10 In addition, companies use ghostwriters to promote misleading trials in scores of secondary publications and reviews in major journals. These, just like the original research, often carry the names of opinion leaders, which seems to give the articles credibility.3 7 11 This common practice is scientific fraud.12 Readers of these journals are thus given a seriously corrupted view on the benefits and harms of drugs that they will be heavily persuaded to prescribe. The companies spend millions of dollars buying reprints of the studies they have sponsored, using the brand of the journal to promote their drugs.3 13 The journals make huge profits on these sales, a gigantic conflict of interest.3 10 14 15 Sadly, there are many examples of drug companies advancing their business while causing harm to patients by promoting their drugs in journal articles. Pfizer was fined $430m for fraudulent promotion of gabapentin (Neurontin) for unapproved uses.3 The drug was licensed for treatment resistant epilepsy but accumulated some 48 off-label uses. Kay Dickersin, director of the US Cochrane Center, analysed the studies used to promote gabapentin for migraine, bipolar disorder, and pain and found a “remarkable assemblage of evidence of reporting biases that amount to outright deception of the biomedical community, and suppression of scientific truth concerning the effectiveness of Neurontin.”16 Pfizer was convicted of organised crime and conspiracy.3 Merck scientists knew already in 1996 that rofecoxib (Vioxx) might cause thrombosis, but the company published numerous misleading studies in prominent journals to promote its licensed use and other uses, sometimes omitting cases of myocardial infarction in patients taking the drug.3 4 More generally, the dishonesty in the research literature on non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs is legion and has resulted in the deaths of hundreds of thousands of patients, many of whom didn't even need the drug.3 Another dire example is antipsychotics. Many recent drug industry crimes are related to off-label promotion of antipsychotics, and in the United States they were the most sold drugs in 2009.3 However, they are so dangerous that just one of them, olanzapine (Zyprexa), has probably caused 200 000 deaths.3
New model Fortunately, journals are no longer needed to communicate the results of trials to doctors; there are much better ways, without paywalls.17 Trial planning should begin with a systematic review of previous work, which would show whether a new trial was really needed—or whether it was simply promotion dressed up as science. The review would be posted on the web for anybody to comment, recognising that scrutiny by many eyes is better than scrutiny by a few. If a new trial was needed, the protocol would also be posted for anybody to comment. The statistical analysis plan would not be made up late in the trial, when the sponsor might already have evaluated some of the data behind closed doors,3 but would be posted with the protocol, and when the trial was done the entire anonymised dataset would be uploaded for everyone to analyse. It is a terrible misconception that drug companies can own trial data. According to the European ombudsman and other lawyers we have spoken to, the data belong to us all, not least the patients who have run an unknown risk by generating the data. The role of journals would be to publish the results from the systematic reviews and contrasting analyses of the trial data by independent groups, and everybody would be able to see every part of the evidence. The journals, to be respected, would free themselves entirely from drug companies, as the French journal Prescrire has done. The result? Drugs would no longer be the third leading cause of death, after heart disease and cancer.3
No—Trish Groves Several BMJ journals, including the BMJ, recently banned submissions of research partly or wholly funded by the tobacco industry.18 This prompted Christopher Proctor, chief scientific officer at British American Tobacco, to accuse us of being antiscience and of lacking confidence in our own peer review processes.19 Richard Smith, who was editor of the BMJ when we previously decided against such a ban, added, “So will the editors [also] stop publishing research funded by the pharmaceutical industry, and if not why not?”20 Here's why not. The drug and tobacco industries, notwithstanding the inescapable fact that both are out to make money, have very different aims. The drug industry makes and sells products aimed at improving health. Medical journals aim to publish research that will improve health. It's a good fit. The tobacco industry, meanwhile, makes and sells products that harm health. As Gro Harlem Brundtland put it in 1999, when she was director general of the World Health Organization, “It is rare—if not impossible—to find examples in history that match tobacco's programmed trail of death and destruction. I use the word programmed carefully. A cigarette is the only consumer product which when used as directed kills its consumer.”21 Whatever your concerns about the drug industry and the safety of drugs, you'd be hard pushed to make the same allegation.
Available evidence can be improved There are, of course, many concerns about drug industry funded research. Only about one in 10 newly approved drugs substantially benefits patients,22 not least because patients are too often excluded from identifying gaps in treatment and in setting research questions.23 Garattini and Chalmers argue that governments should work to improve the relevance and yield of drug research and to get better value for the substantial amounts of public money that already support industry led drug development.23 They propose four strategies: involving patients in shaping the research agenda, making transparency in drug evaluation a legal requirement, requiring and resourcing independent evaluation of drugs (by national institutes of health research and national drugs agencies), and requiring proof of added value for all new drugs. More openness could help to transform the drug industry's image and performance, they say, and perhaps in return governments could extend patent time. How much can we trust the evidence base for drugs in current use? It's hard to tell, given the woeful legacy of widespread non-registration, non-publication, and selective reporting of clinical trials.24 Much of this reporting bias also applies to investigator led trials,25 and the many steps now being taken to mandate prospective trial registration, ensure reporting of all results, and access patient level data on interventions' benefits and harms, as called for by the AllTrials campaign,26 must apply to them as much as to industry led trials. Moreover, new rules on transparency need to be applied retrospectively: laudable plans to provide access to data on new drugs aren't enough. That's why the BMJ is keen to publish papers from the RIAT (Restoring Invisible and Abandoned Trials) initiative, through which academics who find previously unreported trials can write them up and publish them if the original investigators decline to do so.27 We also welcome “negative” trials that find no evidence of benefit, as long as their research questions are important and their methods robust, and we're particularly interested in publishing trials of comparative effectiveness. Both these types of study can be much more useful to clinical practice than the placebo controlled trials that regulators demand. We have many policies aimed at maximising the scientific and ethical transparency of papers about drug trials (www.bmj.com/about-bmj/resources-authors/article-types/research), but a journal article can convey only so much detail. Hence the BMJ considers drug and devices trials only if the authors also commit to making the relevant anonymised patient level data available on reasonable request.28 This policy applies to any research article that reports the main end points of a randomised controlled trial of one or more drugs or medical devices in current use, whether or not the trial was funded by industry.
Taking a stand Couldn't we have come up with some similarly tough policies for tobacco funded research, rather than banning it from our journals? Yes, we could. But we have decided that the likely harms of publishing tobacco funded studies we can't trust18 greatly outweigh any possible benefits of publishing such research. And, until we can rely fully on academia or governments to conduct all the important drug trials that the pharmaceutical industry won't do (and perhaps shouldn't do),23 we will be happy to publish high quality, relevant studies from the industry while continuing to campaign for even greater relevance and more transparency. So is this the whole story? Or are we just taking the moral high ground in banning tobacco research from our journals? To some extent we are; but it's ground we're happy to occupy, given our ultimate mission to improve outcomes for patients. More worryingly, are we editors afraid or unable to extend the ban to pharmaceutical research because our journals receive advertising, reprint, and some sponsorship income from the drug industry (www.bmj.com/about-bmj)? No; that's not the reason. As Fiona Godlee, the BMJ's editor-in-chief, said in her response to Richard Smith's challenge, “If these efforts do not soon bring about a necessary sea change in the way industry funded trials are performed, the BMJ may well decide to stop publishing them. Whether an editor would survive such a decision is a question I may have to test.”29
Notes Cite this as: BMJ 2014;348:g171
Footnotes Competing interests: The authors have read and understood the BMJ policy on declaration of interests and declare the following interests: TG is editor-in-chief of BMJ Open and head of research at the BMJ, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the BMA. BMJ (the company) receives revenues from drug and device manufacturers in the form of advertising, reprint sales, and sponsorship. She receives a bonus based in part on the financial performance of the BMJ. The BMJ is an open access journal that charges author fees for publication of research articles, as does BMJ Open. She is responsible for encouraging authors to submit research to the BMJ. She chairs the BMJ's weekly manuscript committee meeting where we decide which research to publish. She helped to develop and, in some instances, coauthored some of the published guidance that she has cited in this article. RS was editor of the BMJ and receives a pension from the BMA, the owners of the BMJ. The pension fund is underfunded for its commitments, and the profits from BMJ are important for the finances of the BMA. Some of those profits depend on revenue made from pharmaceutical companies.
A few years ago I downloaded speed dating data from experiments conducted by Raymond Fisman, et al. (2005), which represents about 8,000 dates by 551 people. On each date, people scored each other on attractiveness, intelligence, ambition, and some other things, along with a yes or a no to seeing the other person again on a regular date.
Fisman, et al. noted gender differences in mate selection, such as: “Women put greater weight on the intelligence and the race of partner, while men respond more to physical attractiveness.” And this: “Men do not value women's intelligence or ambition when it exceeds their own.” Seemed like data worth checking out.
(Side note: Do people even speed date anymore?)
Three sections:
How the speed dating worked What women and men want in a partner Dating up the social ladder
How the speed dating rounds worked
In case you're unfamiliar with the speed dating process, here's how it works. There are two groups. Typically one group is women and the other is men. The point of it all is to match every woman with every man for a short period of time so that by the end, every one has gotten a chance to quickly know each other. The assumption is that you can learn a lot about a person in a short period of time.
In these speed dating sessions, the women stayed seated, and the men shifted each round. The pairs chatted for four minutes and then the men shifted again.
People scored each other on a 1-to-10 scale and indicated whether or not s/he wanted to date the other. So a few things can happen:
Man wants to date woman, but woman is not interested.
Woman wants to date man, but man is not interested.
Both are not interested.
Both are interested, so information is exchanged.
This also presented interesting dating styles. I won't go too in depth here, but it's fun to take a quick look.
Some people said yes to almost everyone, casting a wide net, whereas others were more stingy with their yeses. Some got a lot of yeses but only returned the favor a couple of times. Some people were really likable and ended up with a lot of mutual yeses.
For example, here are the one-way connections for the first dating session:
These are the mutual connections from the same session:
What women want vs. what men want
So what made one person more dateable than another? We can look at the pre-date surveys that asked others what they looked for in a partner and what they thought the opposite sex looked for. It was a 100-point scale, and participants were asked to divide those 100 points between attractiveness, intelligence, fun, sincerity, ambition, and shares the same interest.
The chart on the right compares the medians of what women said they want and what men said they want.
Women weighted the attributes more evenly than the men did, with intelligence on top and ambition on the bottom. In contrast, men weighted attractiveness more heavily. Ambition was also weighted the lowest by the men but a few points lower, which matches the results in the paper.
There's nothing unexpected here. Although I thought sharing the same interest would be higher.
The contrast between what one group says it wants versus what the opposite thinks the other group wants is interesting. For example, women think men place attractiveness much higher in priority at the expense of intelligence and sincerity. And men think women actually weigh attractiveness more highly, also at the expense of intelligence and sincerity.
This is just what people said they wanted though. Is that what they actually wanted? As you might expect, the higher the ratings for all attributes, the higher the yes rate (the proportion of daters who said yes at the end of a round).
The trend is most clear with attractiveness and fun, which are easier to judge than the others in four minutes. The yes rates kind of level off for ambition and sincerity towards the higher ratings.
Look at intelligence though. There was a slight drop in yes rate when someone was rated with a 9 in intelligence by their peers. I suspect this was partially due to the relatively low number of people with this rating (only 26 of them), and the small group of high-intelligence people collectively had lower attractiveness ratings.
The trends are roughly the same when you split the results by gender. Although I would have expected women's yes rates towards men to continue upward given women ranked intelligence higher than attractiveness. Instead, that's how the men's yes rates towards women look.
Dating up (and down) the social ladder
We see this in sitcoms and movies all the time. There's a character who is less (traditionally) attractive interested in someone more attractive. His or her friend who is a genius in relationships launches into a speech about how said character has no chance because he or she can't date up the social ladder. Some might say s/he is undateable.
How does this “rule” pan out?
In the previous distributions, people got higher yes rates when they were rated more attractive by their partners. Flip this around. The more attractive someone was, the more selective they got. It's like the dating pool decreased for an individual the more attractive s/he was.
This doesn't stop people from trying though.
We only really see the change in selectivity with attractiveness (and kind of with fun) when you look at the full distributions, but we see a little more when we compare dating up versus dating down. As shown below, for every attribute, the median yes rate was higher when daters scored their partners higher than themselves. For example, the yes rate was much higher given a dater thought the partner was more fun than her or him.
Again, the difference is most obvious with attractiveness and fun, which makes sense because those are easier to judge in four minutes. You can see the wider spread between the points. However, there's still a spread for intelligence, sincerity, and ambition.
You can also see that the women were more selective than men. It's hard to say from the data alone if this is because the women were actually more choosy, because the men were less desirable, or a little bit of both. I'm guessing it's the women being more selective.
If we go back to the pre-date survey, the actual dating for men is similar to what they said was desirable in a partner. For women though, the speed date results are fairly different from their pre-survey responses. Again though, I suspect the difference comes from the challenge of judging a person in four minutes. Or not. If the former, speed dating seems better suited for men, and if the latter, well, I'm not sure what to do with that, so I'll let the ladies weigh in.
Back to the original findings in the paper. It looks like women do put slightly more weight on intelligence than men, and men put slightly more weight on attractiveness. However, the chart above seems to go against the results that men don't value women's intelligence or ambition when it exceeds their own. If it didn't matter, the yes rates for less ambitious and more ambitious would be near equal. I'll have to dig a little more into the discrepancy, but I suspect we might see something closer to the results when you control for the other variables (mainly attractiveness).
In any case, it's definitely not a straightforward decision.
Another way to look at it is that we don't see any yes rates of zero in the chart above. At the end of the day, even if you are less attractive, less intelligent, less fun, and less ambitious, just remember: There's still a chance.
A little while ago I had the privilege of attending TEDx San Francisco, organized by the incomparable Christine Mason McCaull. One of the talks was by Mel Robbins, a riotously funny self-help author and life coach with a syndicated radio show. In it, she mentioned that scientists calculate the probability of your existing as you, today, at about one in 400 trillion.
“That's a pretty big number,” I thought to myself. If I had 400 trillion pennies to my name, I could probably build a decent-sized penny fortress with it.
Previously, I had heard the Buddhist version of the probability of ‘this precious incarnation'. Imagine there was one life preserver thrown somewhere in some ocean and there is exactly one turtle in all of these oceans, swimming underwater somewhere. The probability that you came about and exist today is the same as that turtle sticking its head out of the water — into the middle of that life preserver. On one try.
So I got curious: are either of these numbers correct? Which one's bigger? Are they gross exaggerations? Or is it possible that they are underestimates of the true number?
First, let us figure out the probability of one turtle sticking its head out of the one life preserver we toss out somewhere in the ocean. That's a pretty straightforward calculation.
According to WolframAlpha, the total area of oceans in the world is 3.409×108 square kilometers, or 340,900,000 km2 (131.6 million square miles, for those benighted souls who still cling to user-hostile British measures). Let's say a life preserver's hole is about 80cm in diameter, which would make the area inside
3.14(0.4)2=0.5024 m2
which we will conveniently round to 0.5 square meters. If one square kilometer is a million square meters, then the probability of Mr Turtle sticking his head out of that life preserver is simply the area inside the life preserver divided by the total area of all oceans, or
0.5m2/3.409×108x106m2 = 1.47 x 10-15
or one in 6.82×1014, or about 1 in 700 trillion.
One in 400 trillion vs one in 700 trillion? I gotta say, the two numbers are pretty darn close, for such a farfetched notion from two completely different sources: old-time Buddhist scholars and present-day scientists. They agree to within a factor of two!
So to the second question: how accurate is this number? What would we come up with ourselves starting with first principles, making some reasonable assumptions and putting them all together? That is, instead of making one big hand-waving gesture and pronouncing, “The answer is five hundred bazillion squintillion,” we make a series of sequentially-reasoned, smaller hand-waving gestures so as to make it all seem scientific. (This is also known as ‘consulting' – especially if you show it all in a PowerPoint deck.)
Oh, this is going to be fun.
First, let's talk about the probability of your parents meeting. If they met one new person of the opposite sex every day from age 15 to 40, that would be about 10,000 people. Let's confine the pool of possible people they could meet to 1/10 of the world's population twenty years go (one tenth of 4 billion = 400 million) so it considers not just the population of the US but that of the places they could have visited. Half of those people, or 200 million, will be of the opposite sex. So let's say the probability of your parents meeting, ever, is 10,000 divided by 200 million:
104/2×108= 2×10-4, or one in 20,000.
Probability of boy meeting girl: 1 in 20,000.
So far, so unlikely.
Now let's say the chances of them actually talking to one another is one in 10. And the chances of that turning into another meeting is about one in 10 also. And the chances of that turning into a long-term relationship is also one in 10. And the chances of that lasting long enough to result in offspring is one in 2. So the probability of your parents' chance meeting resulting in kids is about 1 in 2000.
Probability of same boy knocking up same girl: 1 in 2000.
So the combined probability is already around 1 in 40 million — long but not insurmountable odds. Now things start getting interesting. Why? Because we're about to deal with eggs and sperm, which come in large numbers.
Each sperm and each egg is genetically unique because of the process of meiosis; you are the result of the fusion of one particular egg with one particular sperm. A fertile woman has 100,000 viable eggs on average. A man will produce about 12 trillion sperm over the course of his reproductive lifetime. Let's say a third of those (4 trillion) are relevant to our calculation, since the sperm created after your mom hits menopause don't count. So the probability of that one sperm with half your name on it hitting that one egg with the other half of your name on it is
1/(100,000)(4 trillion)= 1/(105)(4×1012)= 1 in 4 x 1017, or one in 400 quadrillion.
Probability of right sperm meeting right egg: 1 in 400 quadrillion.
To that, we could add the probability that the one sperm and the one egg met one another because she wasn't in the mood, but let's not split hairs here. The numbers are getting plenty huge as it is.
But we're just getting started.
Because the existence of you here now on planet earth presupposes another supremely unlikely and utterly undeniable chain of events. Namely, that every one of your ancestors lived to reproductive age – going all the way back not just to the first Homo sapiens, first Homo erectus and Homo habilis, but all the way back to the first single-celled organism. You are a representative of an unbroken lineage of life going back 4 billion years.
Let's not get carried away here; we'll just deal with the human lineage. Say humans or humanoids have been around for about 3 million years, and that a generation is about 20 years. That's 150,000 generations. Say that over the course of all human existence, the likelihood of any one human offspring to survive childhood and live to reproductive age and have at least one kid is 50:50 – 1 in 2. Then what would be the chance of your particular lineage to have remained unbroken for 150,000 generations?
Well then, that would be one in 2150,000 , which is about 1 in 1045,000– a number so staggeringly large that my head hurts just writing it down. That number is not just larger than all of the particles in the universe – it's larger than all the particles in the universe if each particle were itself a universe.
Probability of every one of your ancestors reproducing successfully: 1 in 1045,000
But let's think about this some more. Remember the sperm-meeting-egg argument for the creation of you, since each gamete is unique? Well, the right sperm also had to meet the right egg to create your grandparents. Otherwise they'd be different people, and so would their children, who would then have had children who were similar to you but not quite you. This is also true of your grandparents' parents, and their grandparents, and so on till the beginning of time. If even once the wrong sperm met the wrong egg, you would not be sitting here noodling online reading fascinating articles like this one. It would be your cousin Jethro, and you never really liked him anyway.
That means in every step of your lineage, the probability of the right sperm meeting the right egg such that the exact right ancestor would be created that would end up creating you is one in 400 quadrillion.
So now we must account for that for 150,000 generations by raising 400 quadrillion to the 150,000th power:
[4x1017]150,000 ≈ 102,640,000
That's a ten followed by 2,640,000 zeroes, which would fill 11 volumes of a book the size of mine with zeroes.
To get the final answer, technically we need to multiply that by the 1045,000 , 2000 and 20,000 up there, but those numbers are so shrimpy in comparison that it almost doesn't matter. For the sake of completeness:
(102,640,000)(1045,000)(2000)(20,000) = 4x 102,685,007 ≈ 102,685,000
Probability of your existing at all: 1 in 102,685,000
As a comparison, the number of atoms in the body of an average male (80kg, 175 lb) is 1027. The number of atoms making up the earth is about 1050. The number of atoms in the known universe is estimated at 1080.
So what's the probability of your existing? It's the probability of 2 million people getting together – about the population of San Diego – each to play a game of dice with trillion-sided dice. They each roll the dice – and they all come up the exact same number – say, 550,343,279,001.
A miracle is an event so unlikely as to be almost impossible. By that definition, I've just proven that you are a miracle.
Now go forth and feel and act like the miracle that you are.
Think about it,
Ali
Popularity: 67% [?]
June 15th, 2011 | Tags: probability of being born, this precious incarnation | Topics: Insight | Comments (1)
Fascinating analysis by Rex Nutting of MarketWatch. This is perhaps the most interesting part.
Before Obama had even lifted a finger [on arriving in office], the CBO was already projecting that the federal deficit would rise to $1.2 trillion in fiscal 2009. The government actually spent less money in 2009 than it was projected to, but the deficit expanded to $1.4 trillion because revenue from taxes fell much further than expected, due to the weak economy and the emergency tax cuts that were part of the stimulus bill.
When Obama took the oath of office, the $789 billion bank bailout had already been approved. Federal spending on unemployment benefits, food stamps and Medicare was already surging to meet the dire unemployment crisis that was well under way. See the CBO's January 2009 budget outlook.
Obama is not responsible for that increase, though he is responsible (along with the Congress) for about $140 billion in extra spending in the 2009 fiscal year from the stimulus bill, from the expansion of the children's' health-care program and from other appropriations bills passed in the spring of 2009.
If we attribute that $140 billion in stimulus to Obama and not to Bush, we find that spending under Obama grew by about $200 billion over four years, amounting to a 1.4% annualized increase.
After adjusting for inflation, spending under Obama is falling at a 1.4% annual pace — the first decline in real spending since the early 1970s, when Richard Nixon was retreating from the quagmire in Vietnam.
There's reality, and there's Redmond, and if one thing marked the last few years of Steve Ballmer's tenure as the CEO of Microsoft, it was the sense that those were two distinct locales. In reality, Android (plus AOSP in China) and iOS were carving up the world phone market; in Redmond Ballmer doubled-down on the losing Window Phone bet by buying Nokia. In reality Office was losing relevance because of its absence on the mobile platforms that mattered; in Redmond Ballmer personally delayed Office on iOS until the Windows Modern née Metro version was finished. And in reality, all kinds of startups were taking aim at the Microsoft enterprise stack; in Redmond, Microsoft was determined to own it all, just as they had in the PC era.
This attitude was laid out clearly in Ballmer's One Microsoft memo that introduced his misguided reorganization of Microsoft:
We will reshape how we interact with our customers, developers and key innovation partners, delivering a more coherent message and family of product offerings. The evangelism and business development team will drive partners across our integrated strategy and its execution. Our marketing, advertising and all our customer interaction will be designed to reflect one company with integrated approaches to our consumer and business marketplaces.
The problem with an integrated approach for Microsoft in particular is that the company's bread-and-butter – enterprise software – was even then undergoing a dramatic transformation from on-premise software to cloud-based services. The benefits of cloud offerings are well known: flexibility, scalability, access from anywhere, automatic seamless updates, predictable operating expenses instead of lumpy capital expenditures, the list goes on and on. There is, though, in the penumbras and emanations of these well-known advantages, particularly flexibility and seamless updates, an even more significant – and disruptive – advantage to the cloud.
Consider your typical Chief Information Officer in the pre-Cloud era: for various reasons she has bought in to some aspect of the Microsoft stack (likely Exchange). So, in order to support Exchange, the CIO must obviously buy Windows Server. And Windows Server includes Active Directory, so obviously that will be the identity service. However, now that the CIO has parts of the Microsoft stack in place, she is likely to be much more inclined to go with other Microsoft products as well, whether that be SQL Server, Dynamics CRM, SharePoint, etc. True, the Microsoft product may not always be the best in a vacuum, but no CIO operates in a vacuum: maintenance and service costs are a huge concern, and there is a lot to be gained by buying from fewer vendors rather than more. In fact, much of Microsoft's growth over the last 15 years can be traced to Ballmer's cleverness in exploiting this advantage through both new products and also new pricing and licensing agreements that heavily incentivized Microsoft customers to buy ever more from the company.
The cloud, though, changes that. Once you remove the burden of support and maintenance – that's handled by the service provider – it suddenly doesn't necessarily make sense to buy from only one vendor simply because they are integrated. There is more freedom to evaluate a particular product on different characteristics, like, say, how easy it is to use, or how well it supports mobile. And it's here that Microsoft products, particularly the hated SharePoint, were found to be lacking.
This is the context to view yesterday's announcement from the Microsoft Office team:
We want Office to be the preferred way to work with documents no matter where they're stored. In November we announced a special partnership with Dropbox to make it easy to access, edit and share Dropbox files from the Office apps. And today, in addition to the existing Dropbox integrations, we're pleased to announce two new integration features for an even broader set of cloud services: First, file picker integration for the iPad and iPhone; and second, Office Online integration for viewing and editing.
The file picker is pretty straightforward: on iOS devices you can use the built-in picker to open, edit, and save documents from any storage service that is plugged in to the document picker extension, whether that be Dropbox, iCloud Drive, Box, or even Google Drive. The Office Online integration, though, is even more interesting: you could, for example, access your Box folder through any browser, click on a Word document, and edit and save it from Word online (just as you can do today through One Drive).
Continuing with the blog post:
While these may seem like small enhancements, these new features represent a big step forward for Office integration into the apps and services that are important to our customers.
This move is more than a big step forward for Office integration; it's a big step forward in Microsoft's fundamental positioning when it comes to the cloud. To date Microsoft's cloud strategy, particularly around Office 365, has mostly mimicked their behind-the-firewall strategy: leverage one service to drive usage (and revenue) from another. Thus, Office 365 only worked with SharePoint, for example. In the cloud, though, absent a CIO's desire for an integrated solution, this is a purely artificial limitation that instead of propping up SharePoint threatened to hold Office 365 back.
That is because there is in fact a need for an integrated solution on mobile. Look at Box, for example: the company obviously has a cloud component, but they also have multiple apps for every relevant – and non-relevant! – platform resulting in much better functionality than what Microsoft previously had to offer. Multiply that advantage across a whole host of services and it starts to make sense for the CIO to modularize her backend services in order to achieve integration when it comes to how those services are accessed:
Before today, though, Office was disadvantaged in two ways: first, the productivity applications couldn't fully partake in this new modularity because they weren't well tied-in to other services. Secondly, though, and most importantly, this limitation meant the mobile experience just wasn't as good as it could be. And to not be good at mobile is to not be good period.
Office 365 cannot afford to risk not being good on mobile, because there is one final piece to this puzzle: identity. The primary reason all of these modularized services work together is because access is tied to a centrally-managed identity store, and a very important feature of Office 365 is that it includes Azure Active Directory, the cloud-version of Microsoft's identity service. This is Microsoft's single best hold on the enterprise, and thus making Office 365 as useful as possible not only makes the service itself attractive but also positions Microsoft well to continue its hold on identity.
All that said, I must admit, as much as I think this move makes sense, I didn't see it coming. When Microsoft announced the previous deal with Dropbox I wrote in the Daily Update (members-only):
I highly doubt that Microsoft will ever strike a similar deal with Box: the company is simply too competitive with SharePoint, one of Microsoft's core offerings.
That sort of integration strategy is dead, though, killed by the cloud with an assist from mobile. And, fortunately for Microsoft, it seems the alternate reality that a mere year-and-a-half ago made said integration the company's stated strategy is just as dead.
There will be no Daily Update February 19-20 as I will be celebrating Chinese New Year
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
UNITED NATIONS, July 8 (Xinhua) -- Syria has invited the United Nations top Syrian chemical weapons investigator and the UN high representative for disarmament to Damascus following the discovery of enough rebel-held chemical weapons to "destroy a whole country, " the Damascus envoy to the world body said on Monday.
Bashar Ja'afari, Syria's permanent representative to the United Nations, told reporters the head of the team, Swedish scientist Ake Sellstrom who has been waiting to enter Syria to investigate the use earlier this year of chemical weapons by both the government and the opposition, was invited along with UN High Representative for Disarmament Angela Kane.
"This invitation proves once again the openness of the Syrian government with regard to cooperation with the United Nations in revealing the truth behind the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria," he said. "We as always have dealt with transparency in dealing with the UN and its agencies."
However, he side-stepped the question of whether the talks would be about investigation of all allegations or only those made by the Syrian government about the alleged use of chemical weapons by rebels.
The Syrian government in March accused the rebels in northern Syria of firing a chemical rocket at the town of Khan al-Asal that killed more than 26 people, while Britain, France and the United States alleged use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon then established the team to investigate all allegations.
Asked whether new Sellstrom-Kane talks with the Syrians would cover investigation of all allegations, Ja'afari replied, "We are here talking only about the agreement that we are intending to reach with the secretary-general because the secretary-general was the one who established the team. So we deal with the secretary- general."
A spokesman for Ban said he welcomed Syria's offer for discussions on the investigation.
"He remains seriously concerned about all allegations on the use of chemical weapons in Syria," said the spokesman in a statement.
"Sellstrom, will travel to New York this week to update the secretary-general on the status of his activities," the statement said. "Pending its on-site access in Syria, the mission has continued to monitor developments as well as to collect and analyze information made available by member states. The mission has also conducted fact-finding activities in a neighboring country."
"The secretary-general hopes that Syria will grant access to the mission to conduct its comprehensive on-site investigation," the spokesman said. "Cooperation from Syria in this regard will be essential for the mission to establish facts in a credible manner regarding any use of chemical weapons in Syria."
The talks would take place within the Foreign Ministry and involve "specialized, competent experts" and involve "the mechanism and terms of reference of the mission," Ja'afari said.
As for the latest trove of chemical weapons reported, Ja'afari said, they were just discovered Sunday.
"The Syrian authorities have discovered yesterday in the city of Banias 281 barrels filled with dangerous, hazardous, chemical materials .. capable of destroying a whole city, if not a whole country and the investigation is still undergoing," he said.
"These various other chemical materials were found in a secret storage controlled and monitored by the armed terrorist groups," he added.
The industrial chemicals were listed as 79 barrels of polyethylene glycol (PEG), 67 barrels of mono ethylene glycol, 25 barrels of mono ethanol (or ethanolamine) and 68 barrels of diethanolamine (DEA) and 42 barrels of triethanolamine (TEA).
In addition to the cache of chemicals finds in the coastal town of Bania, Ja'afari recalled that "Turkish authorities" announced about two weeks ago the arrests of 12 people he identified as terrorists headed for Syria "carrying with them 2 kilograms of sarin gas. These terrorists were coming from Libya and they had the gas, sarin, aboard the civilian airline that transported them from Libya to Turkey."
We Recommend:
U.S. presidents and their pets
Highlights of 50th Int'l Paris Air Show
Best photos of week (June 17 - June 23)
Venezuelan Army School boat visits Cuba
Afghan refugees at UNHCR registration center
Beauty contest held in Budapest, Hungary
Angelina Jolie visits refugee camp
'supermoon' hangs in the sky over Rotterdam
LA' Chinatown sets up statue of Bruce Lee
News
HGST, a Western Digital company, today announced that it is shipping a new family of high-performance, high-capacity, 2.5-inch small form factor (SFF), 15K RPM enterprise-class hard disk drives (HDD) - the Ultrastar C15K600 family. Delivering best-in-class performance and capacity in one streamlined solution, the new Ultrastar C15K600 family enables higher density and higher performing servers, blades and network storage arrays all while reducing space requirements, lowering cooling costs and improving total cost of ownership (TCO).
Enterprise Demands Necessitate Fast, Efficient Storage
The demand for more efficient storage continues to grow as IT and facilities collide, creating the need for a better balance between capacity, performance, physical space and energy usage. To bridge this gap, customizing and tiering infrastructure workloads and tuning HDDs and SSDs by application and function will help data center managers more efficiently handle ever-increasing amounts of data.
Supporting demanding 24/7 enterprise workloads like online transaction processing and intensive data analytics, the Ultrastar C15K600 delivers the highest 15K HDD performance in the industry. This is achieved through several innovations, including HGST's media caching technology, which provides a large caching mechanism for incoming data resulting in significantly enhanced write performance over solutions with limited NAND or flash-based non-volatile cache (NVC). The result is two times better random write performance than current generation 2.5-inch 15K drives, and two and a half times better performance than 3.5-inch 15K drives. It is also the only 2.5-inch enterprise-class HDD family to feature a SAS 12 Gb/s interface for reliable data throughput and a 128 MB cache buffer for optimized read/write response time for reliable high-performance computing.
By doubling the capacity of current generation 2.5-inch 15K drives, and matching the highest capacity point of 3.5-inch 15K drives, the Ultrastar C15K600 easily keeps pace with the need for improved storage density. Its 600 GB capacity match further enables enterprise customers to transition from 3.5-inch to 2.5-inch HDD platforms while benefiting from other gains such as higher performance and lower power. For example, when faced with power limitations, the Ultrastar C15K600 drive's 2.5-inch SFF, along with HGST Advanced Power Management technology, provides up to a 55 percent improvement in active power and 54 percent improvement in idle power consumption over HGST's current 3.5-inch 15K HDDs.
Continued Demand for Performance Enterprise Hard Disk Drives
Based on IDC industry data and customer feedback, HGST is seeing that by 2016, the Performance Enterprise (15K and 10K) HDD Total Available Market (TAM) will be more than two times the unit size of the Enterprise SSD TAM. Also, with many customers supporting both new and legacy systems, the 15K Ultrastar C15K600 family will be offered in 512e, 512n and 4K Advanced Format.
"A couple of factors are keeping the demand strong for 15K HDDs," said Brendan Collins, vice president of product marketing, HGST. "First, our customers continue to use 15K HDDs along with a complement of SSDs in tiered pools of storage, depending on their performance, capacity, and power efficiency requirements. Our new Ultrastar C15K600 fills a need for storage that is more cost effective than SSDs, and has the performance, reliability and capacity requirements needed by mission-critical enterprise applications. Also, we see that the industry is transitioning away from 15K 3.5-inch hard drives to smaller 2.5-inch drives to help reduce space requirements, while offering comparable capacities to the legacy 3.5-inch 15K products."
FIPS 140-2 Certification and Flexible Encryption Options
The new Ultrastar C15K600 SAS 15K HDD family offers the broadest range of security and encryption options depending on the customer's requirements, including Instant Secure Erase (ISE), Trusted Computing Group (TCG) enterprise SSC-compliant Self-Encrypting Drives (SED), and TCG enterprise SED with FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standard) 140-2 certification, Level 2.
Complementing the new Ultrastar C15K600 HDD family, HGST also announced today that its enterprise-class Ultrastar 12 Gb/s SAS SSDs are certified and conform to FIPS 140-2, Level 2. HGST's 12 Gb/s SAS SSDs are the industry's fastest and most advanced family of enterprise-class SAS SSDs designed for the most demanding applications such as high-frequency trading, online banking, cloud computing, and big data analytics. FIPS 140-2 is the standard in IT security for use in government and regulated industries such as financial and health institutions that collect, store, transfer, share and disseminate sensitive, but unclassified, information.
Availability
Backed by field-proven technologies and HGST's quality commitment, the new Ultrastar C15K600 family delivers leading enterprise-class specifications such as 2M hours MTBF, an annualized failure rate (AFR) of 0.44 percent and comes with a five-year limited warranty.
The 512n and 4Kn versions of the Ultrastar C15K600 hard drive family are now shipping, and are being qualified by select OEMs. The 512e version will be available this summer.
The newly FIPS 140-2 certified Ultrastar 12 Gb/s SAS SSDs are also now shipping.
BULLETIN: (7th Update 1:52 p.m. ET Jan. 7 U.S.A.) The Achieve Community says it has suspended “sign ups” and “repurchases” through iPayDNA, a credit-card processor based in Asia.
PP Blog reader “Secwatchin” first reported the news at 2:44 p.m. ET today. The Blog confirmed that orders for “positions” could not be placed by visiting the ReadyToAchieve website, clicking on the “Sign Up” tab and clicking again on a “Join Now!” button. The message we received is reproduced in the graphic at the top of this story.
Colorado-based Achieve co-founder Kristi Johnson reportedly advised Achieve members that its “merchant” — iPayDNA — needed to “get caught up.”
Why iPayDNA purportedly had fallen behind in processing credit-card transactions wasn't explained.
On Jan. 4, Johnson announced to Achieve members that Global Cash Card, which Achieve had claimed to be its new “payout” processor, “is not going to work with us after all.” On Dec. 18, Achieve had positioned its relationship with U.S.-based GCC as a done deal.
Why Achieve, a money-cycling “program” operating in the United States with a presence on well-known Ponzi-scheme forums, needed separate vendors to process “money in” and “money out” transactions has not been explained.
Here is what Johnson reportedly told members today (italics/carriage returns added):
Hello Achieve Community!
We are going to stop sign ups and repurchases for a few days beginning in about 30 minutes, so that our merchant can get caught up. And we won't be doing more sign ups until we have more information about payout options for us.
I hope to have some good news on that in the next few days! Thursday I'll be meeting again with the lawyers and that will give me a better time frame for when Achieve will be completely ready to go again. I will keep letting you know how things are going as the information becomes available to me.
In the meantime, while this process is going on, there is very little that I can tell you without risking hurting the entire process. So please, keep the speculation quiet, you will hear everything, just be patient please. Although we won't be doing sign ups, you all will still have access to the members area, your banners, the Forum, and your products. Thank you all for taking care of each other! Achieve is the best Community ever!
Kristi
Some Achieve members have turned to promoting other Ponzi-board “programs” such as Unison Wealth and Trinity Lines. Promos from Achieve members also promoting Unison Wealth show that Unison Wealth is beaming ads for HYIP schemes inside the back offices of its members.
Vaping is often touted as a cheaper alternative to smoking, but for some people, the common electronic cigarette is apparently too cheap. One Russian oil tycoon has recently ordered a one-of-a-kind e-cig decorated with gold, diamonds and Swarovski crystals, for which he paid £550,000 ($890,000).
Quitting smoking is not only extremely difficult, it can also be outrageously expensive. Take for example this anonymous Russian billionaire who approached British e-cigarette maker Shisha Sticks about a lavish custom vaporizer for his smoker girlfriend. According to sources from within the company, asked for the very best and made it clear that, within reason, money was no object on this project. For many vapers, the prices of mainstream e-cigarette companies like Green Smoke seem unreasonable, but for this special client, half a million British pounds seemed pretty fair. I know ladies, he sounds perfect, but apparently he is already taken, and judging by this extravagant gift, he's really into her.
“This was a dream brief for us,” Shisha Sticks' Anthony Mixides said. We were asked to design the ultimate shisha vaping device for class, style and luxury.” Once the design was approved by the client, they began sourcing the finest diamonds, yellow crystals and glass available. Makes perfect sense, you can't have style and class without spending a bit of coin, right? The world's most expensive electronic cigarette took four and a half months to create, but its makers are convinced it is the ultimate vaping device.
Wondering how an e-cig can go from just a few bucks to nearly a million dollars? Well, let's take a look at what makes it so special. Named the “Shisha Sticks Sofia”, this fancy e-cigarette is laden with 246 flawless two-karat clear crystal diamonds, each worth £1,800 ($2,900) as well as 46 yellow Swarovski crystals, and the battery features a six-karat oval diamond worth £46,000 ($75,000) on its tip and a gold button. Also, the clearomizer is made of authentic hand-blown Murano glass and has a solid gold base.
The original Sofia may cost more than most people earn in a lifetime, but the guys at Shisha Sticks can make bespoke devices for considerably smaller budgets, if you're into this sort of glittering, over-the-top stuff.
via Daily Mail
Millions of fans around the world are gearing up for another exciting season of The CW hot ‘Supernatural' and now a number of aspiring performers can gear up to have a chance at landing a role in one of the most exciting series on television today. Auditions for several fantastic roles in the all new season of The CW's mystery thrill ride will be taking place very soon and will continue through the season and actors of all ages can submit themselves today for their shot at primetime TV stardom.
Apply today for roles in the all new season of this hit CW series.
ABOUT ‘SUPERNATURAL':
‘Supernatural' stars Hollywood heartthrobs Jared Padalecki (Friday the 13th, Gilmore Girls, Cheaper by the Dozen) and Jensen Ackles (My Bloody Valentine, Smallville, Dark Angel) as Sam and Dean Winchester, a pair of brothers on an epic mission to find the supernatural being that killed their mother and root out countless evil beings along the way. This incredible series is part X-Files, part Vampire Diaries and all must see TV and the show just keeps getting better with each pulse-pounding season. In addition to Mr.'s Padalecki and Ackles the ‘Supernatural' cast is stacked with many talented performers including Misha Collins (Girl, Interrupted, Over Her Dead Body, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation), Jim Beaver (Justified, Breaking Bad, Deadwood) and Amanda Tapping (Sanctuary, Stargate: Atlantis, Life or Something Like It). This is the type of high quality series that can take up and coming actors careers to the next level and the chance for auditions is coming very quickly. (‘Supernatural' IMDb Page)
AUDITION INFO FOR ‘SUPERNATURAL':
The casting directors and producers for ‘Supernatural' are preparing their auditions now and will continue them throughout the duration of the season. Performers interested in these CW casting calls can submit themselves for consideration today by sending emails here supernaturalfilms@gmail.com.
As soon as more details for ‘Supernatural' auditions become available we will post them here so keep checking back for updates and speak your mind in the space below and tell us why you want to land a role in the hit CW series ‘Supernatural'.
SimpleDB is a service primarily for storing and querying structured data (can e.g. be used for a product catalog with descriptive features per products, or an academic event service with extracted features such as event dates, locations, organizers and topics). (If one wants “heavier data” in SimpleDB, e.g. video or images, a good approach be to add paths to Hadoop DFS or S3 objects in the attributes instead of storing them directly)
Unstructured Search for SimpleDB
This posting presents an approach of how to add (flexible) unstructured search support to SimpleDB (with some preliminary query latency numbers below – and very preliminary python code). The motivation is:
Support unstructured search with very low maintenance Combine structured and unstructured search Figure out the feasibility of unstructured search on top of SimpleDB
The Structure of SimpleDB
SimpleDB is roughly a persistent hashtable of hashtables, where each row (a named item in the outer hashtable) has another hashtable with up to 256 key-value pairs (called attributes). The attributes can be 1024 bytes each, so 256 kilobytes totally in the values per row (note: twice that amount if you store data also as part of the keys + 1024 bytes in the item name). Check out Wikipedia for detailed SimpleDB storage characteristics.
Inverted files
Inverted files is a common way of representing indices for unstructured search. In their basic form they (logically) contain a word with a list of pages or files the word occurs on. When a query comes one looks up in the inverted file and finds pages or files where the words in the query occur. (note: if you are curious about inverted file representation check out the survey – Inverted files for text search engines)
One way of representing inverted files on SimpleDB is to map the inverted file on top of the attributes, i.e. have one SimpleDB domain with one word (term), and let the attributes store the list of URLs containing that word. Since each URL contains many words, it can be useful to have a separate SimpleDB domain containing a mapping from hash of URL to URL and use the hash URL in the inverted file (keeps the inverted file smaller). In the draft code we created 250 key-value attributes where each key was a string from “0” to “249” and each corresponding value contained hash of URLs (and positions of term) joined with two different string separators. If too little space per item – e.g. for stop words – one could “wrap” the inverted file entry with adding the same term combined with an incremental postfix (note: if that also gave too little space one could also wrap on simpledb domains).
Preliminary query latency results
Warning: Data sets used were NLTK‘s inaugural collection, so far from the biggest.
Conclusion: the results from 1000 fetches of inverted file entries are relatively stable clustered around 0.020s (20 milliseconds), which are promising enough to pursue further (but still early to decide given only tests on small data sets so far). Balancing with using e.g. memcached could be also be explored, in order to get average fetch time even lower.
Preliminary Python code including timing results (this was run on an Fedora large EC2 node somewhere in a US east coast data center).
If I'm going to embarrass myself, I'm taking you with me.
I will probably spend the rest of my life trying to be less of an ass. I think this is a fine occupation for most people. But if you, like me, are a straight white man, my encouragement is that you try harder than most.
We have not distinguished ourselves lately, gentlemen. Even our attempts to be better often mess things up. We lurch into complex social discussions offering “why don't we just… ” as an answer. We write articles telling women, without irony, to just try to be more like men if they want to get ahead. Yes. That happens.
In general we are an embarrassment. It would be funny if it weren't so constantly terrifying.
Not All Men
And I know. I know. You're not a grotesque and evil bigot. You didn't vote for Trump. It hurts to try so hard to be a good guy, only to have someone paint you with the same brush as frat house idiots. I have felt that way, too. And it does hurt. But two things to consider before we get started:
There's still work for you to do. There always is. Take the complaints you hear in that context. Complaining about your hurt feelings makes the conversation all about you again. A conversation about the problems women face with sexism isn't about your feelings. A conversation about the problems people of colour face with racism isn't about your feelings. Don't make it about your feelings. It's hard, I know. It's hard work to listen through a critique that you feel is unfair to get to the thing at the heart of it that matters. Do the hard work.
Being painted with an unfair, overgeneralized brush is something other folks deal with every damned day. Every day they are treated differently (mostly worse) than you are because they aren't you. They are told to change who they are to be more like you. That keeps happening. How are you going to go into that conversation and make it about you? Really? Again?
I have no standing to tell a person of colour what they should do to survive our culture. I don't know what it's like to be a woman in tech. Or disabled, or queer, or an immigrant. But I know what it's like to be a straight, white guy in tech. I have lived that experience. And I know how embarrassing a lot of my own past beliefs have been.
So I'm going to talk about that. And in case you still believe any of these things, I'm gonna try to help scrub them off of your brain. I promise it'll make you a better leader. I strongly suspect it will make you a better human, too.
I used to believe in meritocracies
This one feels far away now, but I remember it. I remember how much I wanted it to be true. In one word, calling your group a meritocracy solidifies your own status as earned (you have merit!), and absolves you of discriminatory guilt (other people with merit will succeed equally). A meritocracy sounds like a nice thing. But the world has never seen that beast. And it sure as shit isn't in your organization.
I have no standing to tell a person of colour what they should do to survive our culture.
When you call yourself a meritocracy, what I hear is ignorance. At this point I have to believe it's deliberate. Mitch & Freada put it quite clearly:
If you are a woman or a person of color in tech, hearing a powerful gatekeeper deny that your color or gender (or both) has been a major factor in how you've been treated flies in the face of evidence and experience.
via charliebink.tumblr.com
The way we score merit is full of assumptions that work better for some groups than others. Meritocracies say “your github is your resumé.” Then they act surprised that their candidate pool doesn't include a lot of single moms without time to hack on hobby projects.
Meritocracies say all that matters is the work. And then Sarah Sharp walks away from a position of considerable “merit”, saying:
I finally realized that I could no longer contribute to a community where I was technically respected, but I could not ask for personal respect … I did not want to work professionally with people who were allowed to get away with subtle sexist or homophobic jokes.
I was a senior member of one of the largest, most successful open source communities around. We even had a female founder, Mitchell Baker, who is one of the most formidable people I've met. And still our “meritocracy” was full of people who looked an awful lot like me. And still people solved disagreements by tearing each other apart because what mattered were the ideas. I know Chris cares a lot about this and is working to change it. I'm hopeful for Mozilla, always. But I stopped using the word meritocracy a long time ago and so should you.
I used to ask, “Is that really gendered/racist?”
Someone would tell me a story about getting treated poorly, or passed over, or misunderstood. They'd tell me it was discriminatory. And I would ask that question. That naive question. Because to me it wasn't obvious. People have treated me poorly. People have misunderstood me. Why does it always have to be about race? Why does it always have to be about sexism?
Because it always is.
Yes, people of color can screw up for reasons having nothing to do with their color. Yes, women can make mistakes without it being a gender issue. Those things are possible. So you ask this question that feels benign and curious to you. But it's not benign and curious to them. Patient folks from under-represented groups have reinforced this over and over until finally I got it.
To someone who isn't straight and white and male and able-bodied and born locally, this question is the latest in a very long line of people doubting your experience.
Your casual intellectual challenge is part of the same aggressive suppression that follows them everywhere.
It is hard to let this into your brain. You want to be able to have an intellectual conversation about it. But instead you just became part of the pile on of doubt and undercutting. In that broader context, your casual intellectual challenge is part of the same aggressive suppression that follows them everywhere. You are part of the problem.
via wondermark.com
You're going to shake your head solemnly at reports that black men get racially profiled by police, and then challenge your black colleague who tells you his last performance review felt biased? Really? Why?
Because it's technically possible that this instance wasn't? Because you want to assume the best of his manager? Assuming the best of people is something you get to do because you haven't been kicked in the gut. This shit has been happening for his whole fucking life. He knows what it is. How about assuming the best of him and his judgement of the situation?
How about believing a woman who says that your colleague harassed her, even though you think he's a good guy? Where's her benefit of the doubt?
There's a lot of benefit to that doubt. It can entrench those with power or it can balance the scales. You get to decide where it goes. When you're making that call, err on the side of the people whose balance is light.
The hard work of understanding what happened and how we should do better is on us.
I used to ask people to explain why I was wrong
In the real world, there is more than just us. In the real world, the person who's challenged us on something we've said has done us a favour. But our ego is bruised. Because we think we're really quite woke. So we ask her to explain why what we've done is a problem. Partly because we want to learn, partly because we want to dispute the charges.
You've never had problems with philosophy or the theory of whatever but you are asking women to labour, "teaching" you feminism 101. — ndinda kioko (@ndinda_) November 17, 2016
She doesn't owe us that. We're the ones who screwed up. The hard work of understanding what happened and how we should do better is on us. She might help us get there or she might not. But understand that there are vast numbers of us out there. Screwing up, getting called on it, demanding a free education. A lot of us get that free education, too, despite the immense amount of unpaid labour it represents.
Engage with the syllabus. If you don't know where to start, Lauren Parker has done some more free work for you already:
I've still got a long way to go, and so do you
Anil is right. There are no good guys. There's just trying to do better than you have done.
One thing I always worry about when I write about this stuff is that it re-centers another white straight dude and his perspective. That's why this post is addressed to the one group I feel I can legitimately speak to. Even still, I'm no expert on anything except the places where I've personally screwed up. If you recognize some of those screw-ups, I hope I have your attention.
When I'm trying to get better at something, I find it helpful to fill my feed with it. If you do, too, I'll close with a list of the people who have taught me the most through their work. I find it uncomfortable to follow them sometimes. You should follow them, too.
Shanley Kane (twitter)
Ashe Dryden (twitter)
When you're done following them, get some of your straight, white, male friends to do the same. That will also be hard work. So do some hard work.
Metro Officer Ray Sutherland investigates accident involving bicycle (Photo: Courier-Journal)
Ronald Clayton was whizzing down Dixie Highway at 57 mph on June 24 when veteran Metro Louisville Police traffic Officer Ray Sutherland pulled him over for speeding.
But Clayton seemed to catch a break when Sutherland wrote him up for going only 5 mph over the limit in the 40 mph zone.
Four months later, his fortune continued when he got a letter from the court saying the charge had been dismissed and that his $179 in fines and court costs were being refunded.
It turned out that Clayton was one of 65 motorists whom Sutherland cited in June and July for exceeding the speed limit by a mere 5 mph — even if they were going much faster.
In what appears to have been some kind of protest by Sutherland, he omitted the posted speed and driver's speed from the citation, even though both are required by law.
As a result, the Jefferson County Attorney's office dismissed charges against 41 motorists, saying their citations were “deficient,” and the rest of the drivers had their cases dismissed for “low speed” by district court judges because they appeared to have barely violated the law.
In fact, according to a secret code used by Sutherland and recorded on each citation, some of the motorists exceeded the speed limit by as much as 35 mph — “dangerous speeds,” said First Assistant County Attorney Julie Lott Hardesty.
► READ MORE: JCPS grief counselors treat emotional wounds
► READ MORE: Millennials create conservative Ky. think tank
Sutherland, who joined the department in 1988 and was named its officer of the year in 2010, remains on active duty in the traffic unit but is under investigation by the Public Integrity Unit, spokeswoman Alicia Smiley said.
Sutherland didn't respond to calls and emails seeking comment, and neither did his supervisor, Lt. Joe Seelye.
David Mutchler, president of the River City Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 614, described Sutherland as a veteran officer with an “outstanding work ethic,” but he and Smiley, citing a state law that prohibits disclosures about pending police disciplinary matters, said they couldn't comment on the investigation or Sutherland's motives.
Some judges and lawyers, including District Judge Sean Delahanty, said they believe Sutherland was protesting County Attorney Mike O'Connell's Drive Safe Louisville program, in which motorists can avoid convictions by attending an online traffic school. Through the end of October, 24,848 drivers have participated over 3 ½ years, raising nearly $4 million, of which about $1.9 million went to the county attorney's office.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Delahanty, who opposes Drive Safe Louisville and has tried to shut it down, said Sutherland and other officers resent being a fundraising arm for O'Connell's office.
► ON THE GO? Download the CJ app for iPhone, Android and iPad
“He and other officers believe DSL is a glorified speed trap and do not appreciate their job being demeaned,” Delahanty said.
Attorney Paul Gold, who practices frequently in traffic court, said officers have told him they also oppose the program because it eliminates their discretion.
In an email, Hardesty said, “It's unclear what Ofc. Sutherland's motives are, but with traffic fatalities on the rise, the motives seem petty when weighed against the public safety.”
Buy Photo A citation issued by LMPD officer Ray Sutherland. (Photo: CJ Illustration )
She said the deficient citations were discovered during a routine review. They stood out in part because it is rare for officers to cite motorists for going anything less than 10 mph over the limit.
She said prosecutors felt it was their duty, “legally and ethically," to set aside the convictions, even though some of the fees refunded would have gone to Drive Safe Louisville and the office.
In an interview, Clayton, the motorist cited on Dixie Highway, said Sutherland didn't explain why he was cited for going only 5 mph over.
“He didn't say much of anything,” Clayton said in an interview. He said he was pleased to get his money back but that “the whole thing was kind of weird.”
Sutherland listed a four-digit code on each citation; the first two numbers apparently were meaningless, while the last two record the driver's actual speed.
Clayton's citation, for example, is marked “4357.”
Other drivers were going faster. The code for Angela Howard, who was cited for going 5 mph over on the Watterson Expressway on June 2, said she was going 87 mph, while the code for Arleatha Hayes said she was going 75 when she was stopped the same day. Neither could be reached for comment.
Officer Clarence Beauford, a prolific ticket writer who also works in the traffic unit, said in an interview that he didn't know what motivated him. Beauford said he has no problems with Drive Safe Louisville, which also has generated $621,000 for the circuit court clerk's office and about $1.2 million for the vendor that runs it. More than 90 county attorneys have similar programs, Hardesty said.
► READ MORE: Bowl game projections: Who ends up where?
► READ MORE: Done in by debt: Bankruptcy plagues Kentuckiana
► READ MORE: Less cash, more concerns in high school sports
Sutherland, who has worked in the traffic unit about 20 years, is considered one of the department's top accident reconstructionists, according to one of his former bosses, Doug Sweeney, now Audubon Park's police chief.
Sweeney nominated him as Metro Louisville's officer of the year based on his “wide range of success” in educating fellow police officers, prosecutors and the public and his loyalty to the men and women of the department.
“I've always tried to be there for the younger officers that are coming into the traffic unit,” Sutherland said at the time. “Sometimes they'll get cases and ask, ‘What do you think about this?' ”
Reporter Andrew Wolfson can be reached at (502) 582-7189 or awolfson@courier-journal.com
Metro Officer Ray Sutherland investigates accident involving bicycle (Photo: Courier-Journal)
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/2gyEA9V
Although Sony Mobile may not be a stellar name in the United States, the company continues to tempt the market with new products every so often. Sony Xperia XZ, the latest flagship from the Japanese company, just went on sale in the U.S. for $699.99.
Sony announced a little more than a week ago that Xperia XZ was up for pre-orders, without relying on U.S. carriers to distribute the phone. Instead, the company partnered with online retail giant Amazon to market the handsets.
It is notable, however, that Amazon removed the Forest Blue variant from its offerings, despite including the model in its list during the pre-order phase. It is not quite clear why Sony or Amazon would narrow down the color options for consumers in the U.S., leaving only the Graphite Black and Platinum variants in stock.
As a reminder, Sony Xperia XZ sports a Gorilla Glass 4 5.2-inch full HD display and packs a Snapdragon 820 processor, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage under the hood. It boasts a 23MP rear camera and a and IP65/68 water resistance feature.
The handset also features a USB Type-C port, though the fingerprint sensor that's present in international models is missing in the U.S. version. As Brian Reigh notes in another post, it is quite odd that Sony would decide to leave out the fingerprint scanner at a time when almost all other phone makers are slapping it onto their products.
The absence of a fingerprint scanner, plus the hefty price tag of Sony Xperia XZ, might not help uplift Sony Mobile's lackluster business in the U.S. After all, U.S. consumers already have cheaper options of devices with the same or even superior features.
Would you be buying Sony Xperia XZ now that it is up for sale through Amazon? Let us know your thoughts in the comments.
Taylor Swift is a 10-time Grammy award winner
United States Grand Prix organisers have turned to singer Taylor Swift in an attempt to attract new fans and sell out the October race.
The Austin race was in doubt because of a 20% cut in Texas state funding but has now been confirmed for 2016.
Circuit of the Americas chairman Bobby Epstein said signing up Swift was crucial to keeping the race on the calendar for a fifth year.
"How do we expand our audience? That's what this headliner does," he said.
Swift, a 10-time Grammy award winner whose fifth album 1989 sold almost 1.3m copies in its debut week last year, will be the headline act after qualifying on Saturday, 22 October.
"In the past, we have chosen headliners that are a great match with our existing demographic," added Epstein.
"But I don't need our existing demographic alone. We need the future.
"We think we will sell every ticket that we have got and it is because of the combination of both Formula 1 and Taylor Swift."
Bad weather hit the race's revenues significantly last season.
Saturday's final practice was held behind closed doors due to flooding and, when fans were admitted, qualifying was postponed until Sunday.
But Epstein is confident last year's weather was a freak event.
"They say it was a once in 2,500 year event," he said. "So we've got a few years of good weather ahead. We've got 2,499 years to go."
At the stroke of midnight tonight, the world's biggest party will begin, as more than 1.3 billion people across China pour on to the streets and light fireworks to usher in the Year of the Snake. During the following fortnight they will visit temple fairs, watch dragon dances and make dumplings shaped like silver ingots. They will each, on average, spend a month's salary on pyrotechnics.
This year's celebrations will have a serpentine theme. Performances of the Peking opera Madame White Snake will run on repeat, red paper snakes will be pasted on doors, and shops will stock up on traditional snake wine, as well as goods more in keeping with the country's economic prowess, such as £3,000 Bu lgari Serpenti watches.
With everyone in a holiday mood, New Year is an atmospheric time to visit. But if you cannot make it during this period, there are plenty of other events coming up in China. Here's a sneak preview of what the Year of the Snake has in store:
The Shanghai International Literary Festival invites leading writers to talk in the delightful setting that is M on the Bund ( m-restaurantgroup.com ), a modern European restaurant with some of Shanghai's best views. This year's event takes place from March 1-17 and features the likes of Simon Armitage and A D Miller, alongside the bestselling Chinese-born author Da Chen.
The Hong Kong Sevens (hksevens.com) (March 22-24) is one of rugby union's premier sevens tournaments. As 24 international teams descend on the island, the whole of Hong Kong takes on a party atmosphere; the streets and the stadium fill with fans in fancy dress.
Mount Kailash
April
While most of the country celebrates New Year in February, in China's Xishuangbanna region festivities are held from April 13-18. Here the Dai minority, who are culturally closer to Thais than to the Chinese, greet their New Year with a Water-Splashing Festival. Grab a water pistol, balloon or bucket and join in the fun.
From April 12-14 Formula One comes to Shanghai. At the Chinese Grand Prix, you can watch Lewis Hamilton race for under £45 – a quarter of the price of the cheapest Silverstone tickets.
At the end of the month – exact dates to be announced – PhotoSpring brings world-class photography to Caochangdi, the art community in Beijing founded by the dissident artist Ai Weiwei. Elsewhere in the city, the four-day Art Beijing fair (artbeijing.net) from April 30 is given over to classical and contemporary Asian and European art, while Surge (affordableartchina.com) is the perfect place to pick up a bargain – 50 per cent of the works at this fair sell for under £1,500.
May
Mao Tse-tung said you are not a real man until you have climbed the Great Wall. Why not really prove yourself to the Great Leader by running it? In May there are two Great Wall Marathons, the better organised of which takes place on May 18 ( great-wall-marathon.com).
Saga Dawa, the holiest day in the Tibetan calendar, is on May 25. Tibetans celebrate the birth and enlightenment of Buddha through pilgrimages, most notably to Mount Kailash, where a symbolic flagpole is festooned with prayer flags and celebrants toss colourful prayer papers into the wind.
Dragon boat racing at the Duanwu Festival
June
Forget Henley, forget Cowes Week, the ultimate boating event – in terms of sheer spectacle, at least – is the dragon boat racing held during China's Duanwu Festival. This year, Duanwu falls on June 12; it is celebrated across the country but the grandest boat races are held in Hong Kong and Chengdu, the southern city also known for its panda reserve.
July
Visit China's Inner Mongolia province during N adaam and you will see how the Mongol nation produced a leader such as Genghis Khan. These traditional ethnic Mongolian games, which run into August, include archery, wrestling and horse-riding competitions involving some of the toughest men you'll ever meet.
August
From July 31 until August 3, the Torch Festival of the Yi minority groups who live in China's Sichuan and Yunnan provinces is a thrilling spectacle. Dancers light foot-long torches to drive away evil spirits and then form a chain to create the appearance of a fiery dragon. The terrifying part is when they throw sawdust at each other's torches to create giant fireballs.
Equally rambunctious, but perhaps less dangerous, the Qingdao International Beer Festival takes place from August 10-25. The local brewery Tsingtao, founded in 1903 by German settlers, is of course well represented, as are international stalwarts such as Carlsberg, Asahi and Heineken. Ganbei (cheers)!
September
Xian, home to the Terracotta Warriors, puts on an Ancient Culture and Art Festival throughout September. Expect drum and dragon processions, shadow puppet shows, and acrobatics. Can be combined with a visit to Pingyao, a 14th-century walled city which stages an International Photography Festival.
October
The Beijing Music Festival (bmf.org.cn) takes place at the atmospheric Forbidden City Concert Hall, with operatic, orchestral and choral concerts, as well as a performance, over seven days, of all 32 of Beethoven's piano sonatas by the Austrian pianist Rudolf Buchbinder .
Not to be outdone, Shanghai holds a world-class jazz festival in late October.
The Forbidden City
November
The focus in the Chinese capital shifts to the International Dance Festival which in its inaugural year in 2012 featured the likes of the Stuttgart Ballet and Sylvie Guillem. The venue is likely to be the spectacular giant glass and titanium dome that is Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts.
December
Despite China's officially atheist status, services for Christmas are held in cities such as Guangzhou and Beijing, in centuries-old churches and cathedrals built by missionaries. But for most, this is a purely commercial holiday with lots of Santa hats and trees. In Dali, Yunnan province, residents even create their own “white Christmas” by holding a mass shaving-cream fight on Christmas Eve.
January 2014
Harbin's Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival starts on January 5 and runs throughout the month. Sculptors from China and beyond fashion a winter wonderland with ice palaces reaching several storeys high, slides and even working escalators erected alongside some of their creations. Just make sure you bring your thermals – temperatures can drop as low as -40C.
If Harbin leaves you cold, there's an International Surfing Festival in Hainan, China's only tropical island.
February 2014
The next Chinese New Year celebrations, for the Year of the Horse, begin on January 31 and continue for the first two weeks of February.
China guide
For a list of specialist China operators and expert tips on what to see and do, see our guide on China for beginners: telegraph.co.uk/chinaguide
In the magazine
Sara Wheeler and family head off the beaten track in China.
Ask the concierge
Concierges from three of Beijing's best hotels on what to see and where to celebrate: telegraph.co.uk/ultratravel
Doctors are calling her a 'miracle baby' - the little girl who was delivered alive and well after growing in her mother's ovary instead of the womb.
For nine months, Meera Thangarajah and her husband Ravi were completely unaware their baby was anything but normal.
It was only during the birth, at just before full term, that midwives realised they were dealing with a medical phenomenon.
Her parents have called the little girl 'Durga' meaning Goddess, because 'she is our little deity', a beaming Mr Thangarajah said today.
British experts say the chances of a baby being carried for so long in this way and both mother and child surviving unharmed are a million to one.
A Million to one: Ravi Thangarajah cuddles her miracle baby daughter Durga who grew inside her ovary for almost nine months
Professor James Walker, spokesman for the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, said Mrs Thangarajah was 'very lucky'.
'Not a lot of them will get to term - no more than one in a million and maybe even less than that,' he said.
An ovarian pregnancy is one of the rarest variations of ectopic - or out of the womb - pregnancies, which can have life-threatening consequences for the mother.
'This form of pregnancy is rare enough, but to have it go full term is unheard of,' said obstetrician Andrew Miller who delivered the child by caesarian section in Australia's Northern Territory.
'I have never come across it in any hospital.'
As an overjoyed Mrs Thangarajah, 34, cuddled her special baby in hospital last night, Dr Miller added: 'It truly is a miracle she got a living baby out of it - she's extraordinarily lucky.'
He said he was astonished that, as the child grew, the mother's ovary did not stretch and break which could have caused deadly internal bleeding.
Healthy: The baby has been called Durga meaning Goddess because her parents believe she is 'their little deity', so small were the chances of her survival
Durga was born at 38 weeks, just two weeks earlier than full term, weighing 6lbs 3 oz (2.8kg). Both she and her mother are completely healthy.
The extraordinary birth was the culmination of an apparently normal pregnancy, with the parents and doctors never suspecting that anything had gone wrong.
Mr and Mrs Thangarajah, who emigrated to Australia from India several years ago, drove to the Darwin Private Hospital at 6.30 in the morning to have a planned Caesarean operation for their second child.
There had been no complications during the pregnancy and even regular ultrasound tests had shown nothing unusual.
But as Dr Miller began performing the operation he could not believe his eyes - the baby was squeezed into the right ovary.
The skin was stretched so thin that he could see the baby's hair and facial features through it.
He admitted later it was almost impossible to believe because an ectopic pregnancy, which occurs when a fertilised egg develops outside of the uterus, usually ends in miscarriage.
If it is discovered, doctors bring about a termination because of the threat it can cause to the mother.
But here was a woman who had carried the 'out of womb' child to a full term.
'She was very lucky that the ovary had not ruptured as the baby grew and stretched the skin,' said the obstetrician.
'The ovary could have ruptured at any moment, leaving both mother and baby's lives at risk.
'This is indeed a medical phenomenon.'
Dr Miller explained that Mrs Thangarajah's egg did not travel down the fallopian tube and into the uterus in the normal way, remaining instead in the ovary for the full term.
'Most women whose egg begins to fertilise outside of the womb present themselves to hospital with severe pain and bleeding in the early weeks of their pregnancy and they have no choice but to abort the baby - or risk their own life,' he said.
Yet curiously Mrs Thangarajah had no symptoms apart from the usual morning sickness, discomfort and nausea.
Added to the chances of the rare pregnancy remaining undiscovered was the failure of the ultrasound monitor to show anything unusual, despite the mother-to-be's regular check-ups.
'If we'd detected this in the early stages, she would have been advised to abort,' said Dr Miller.
Mrs Thangarajah was spellbound to hear of her attention-grabbing pregnancy last night.
Fighting back tears of happiness she said: 'I had no idea my pregnancy was abnormal.
'I didn't know anything about it until I woke up after the Caesarean and the doctors told me.
'I'm feeling like the luckiest woman in the world.'
The same words were expressed by her husband.
Mr Thangarajah said: 'Not only do I feel lucky - the doctors have told me I'm one of the luckiest of men at the moment.'
Baby Durga is a little sister for the couple's other daughter, six-year-old Gayatri.
Hospital spokeswoman Robyn Cahill said only 1 in 40,000 fertilisations implant in the ovary and unusual for one of those fetuses not to be born prematurely, before 37 weeks.
'It is extremely rare -- I have never seen a case that progresses until foetal viability,' said Mark Erian, a specialist in high-risk obstetrics at the University of Queensland.
'She was absolutely lucky to have her pregnancy progress.'
Prof Walker said: 'The vast majority of pregnancies like this will end either with the loss of the baby because it cannot survive or with it being removed because there are risks to the mother.
'The chances of survival are very slim. It was not that the woman was at risk all along. It must have implanted in the right place and not caused problems.
'She was very luck that this occurred, allowing her to carry this baby to term. In most cases she would not have died, but the pregnancy would have been lost.'
Ovarian pregnancies are a one in 40,000 occurrence and are usually terminated before 10 weeks.
The Thangarajahs had 'taken a little while to absorb the gravity of the news', Ms Keogh said. 'I think they are just so very grateful for the outcome.'
THE DEADLY TRUTH ABOUT ECTOPIC PREGNANCIES
An ectopic pregnancy happens in the wrong place - and the consequences can be deadly.
The fertilised egg implants outside the womb, often in one of the two fallopian tubes or by attaching to the abdominal wall, and starts to grow.
It is often not diagnosed for several weeks until symptoms develop into a medical emergency that can be life-threatening.
The baby must then be removed surgically, sometimes with the fallopian tube as well, which makes it more difficult to get pregnant again.
The condition kills at least four women every year out of 3,000 sufferers in the UK, usually though massive loss of blood.
Consultant obstetrician Dr Maggie Blott, spokesman for the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, said the Australian case was a rare occurrence.
She said: 'We have seen abdominal pregnancies that have gone to term but an ovarian pregnancy that has gone almost to term is very, very unusual.
'Implanting in the ovary ensured a blood supply for the growing fetus, which would have been supported in the normal way by the placenta.
'But the mother was extremely lucky as the ovary could have burst. If the embryo had implanted in only a slightly different position then it might have been a very different outcome as the consequences can be life-threatening.
'Ectopic pregnancies can be very difficult to spot in advance even in London hospitals which are equipped with the latest scanners.'
Among high-profile sufferers are Sophie, the Duchess of Wessex, and actresses Nicole Kidman and Amanda Redman, who also suffered the loss of ectopic babies.
Cases in the UK are going up from the rate of one in 200 pregnancies found 20 years ago to one in 60 for women in their 30s.
Experts blame the rising age of motherhood and pelvic infection which causes damage to the tubes, making it more difficult for the embryo to reach the womb.
Existing tests for the condition include blood screening and ultrasound but these are not accurate in the early stages of pregnancy, although new tests are being developed.
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- It is only the first day of March, over five weeks until opening day, and the Cactus League scheduled hasn't even started yet, but it's hard not to want to skip ahead to the part where Julio Urias is pitching in the major leagues. The 18-year-old prospect turned several heads on Sunday, facing hitters for the first time since last season.
Urias did not disappoint, striking out four in two simulated innings while facing Joc Pederson, Alex Guerrero, Chris Heisey and O`Koyea Dickson.
Several scouts descended upon Field 3 at Camelback Ranch, kind of tucked away behind the other, more visible practice fields, more toward the minor league facilities. They were joined by several reporters along with various Dodgers brass, including general manager Farhan Zaidi, pitching coach Rick Honeycutt, hitting coach Mark McGwire, and special assistant to the chairman Sandy Koufax.
Up first was Pederson, who took two strikes before swinging and missing through a fastball for strike three.
"He's 18 and he's throwing 96," Pederson said. "It's not normal."
Guerrero followed with a three-pitch swinging strikeout of his own, one of two times he would strikeout against Urias.
"He's nasty, nasty, nasty," said Guerrero, per Jorge L. Ortiz of USA Today.
Heisey was able to hit a ground ball toward second base, followed by Dickson working a walk to end the simulated frame. Despite the successful result against Urias, Dickson left the batters box shaking his head.
"Jesus, he's got some good stuff," Dickson said, to nobody in particular.
There are moments in spring training when you can tell something important is happening by the rush of the crowd. It's usually reserved for when Koufax is around, or maybe Tommy Lasorda or Magic Johnson, with fans clamoring to get an autograph, or even a glimpse.
Sunday felt similar with Urias, though because this was on a relatively private field the rush of people felt even more impressive, because it was mostly baseball people who get paid to make or influence baseball decisions. And they all wanted to see the kid.
Urias, who seemed surprised by the roughly a dozen reporters waiting at his locker, said he was not fazed by those watching him.
"I just figured I would do my work and forget about who was behind me or in front of me," Urias said.
Drawing a crowd From left to right: Sandy Koufax, Ricky Honeycutt and Farhan Zaidi line up to watch Julio Urias pich
Urias wasn't exactly facing a murderer's row lineup, with Heisey the only one of the four with more than a cup of coffee in the majors, though Pederson is considered major league ready and a highly-regarded prospect in his own right, and Guerrero's roster woes have little to do with his bat. These are still four hitters good enough to be in major league camp, including three on the 40-man roster.
"They are experienced hitters, and I'm still learning," Urias said. "It is special, and I still feel like I have some work to do."
What this was was an 18-year-old holding his own against mostly major league hitters, and looking dominant while doing so. Heisey said if he didn't already know Urias was 18 he wouldn't have guessed he was so young.
"I was impressed with his command," Heisey said. "That change-up, away to righties would be devastating. I was really impressed with what I saw from him.
"As long as he stays healthy and I don't know anything about his work ethic but seems like a pretty good kid from what I've seen. I think he's definitely got a bright future ahead of him."
Both Zaidi and manager Don Mattingly have said this spring it would be unlikely that Urias pitches in the majors this season. The most prudent path is to let Urias, who only pitched 87⅔ innings in 2014, continue to develop in Double-A, with an eye toward making an impact in the majors at some point in 2016.
It is likely the correct path, but it's hard not to get caught up in the hype every time Urias takes the mound. For instance:
I'm pro patience/development, but it's hard to resist handing Julio Urias No. 34 & just let him run amok feasting on the goo of NL hitters — Eric Stephen (@truebluela) March 1, 2015
Sunday was the first time for Urias facing live hitters since 2014. He will get his chance again on Friday, slated to pitch in one of the Dodgers' split squad games, per Dylan Hernandez of the Los Angeles Times.
This time fans will get to see Urias, and don't be surprised if they want to keep seeing more of him.
Remember those pictures of parched lawns and bone-dry unplanted fields when it seemed that Californians could only pray for rain and snow?
Now thanks to one of the wettest winters on record, scientists say that the snowpack along the Sierra Nevada mountain range is a whopping 183 percent of average (updated Thursday). The snowpack over most of the Sierra is on track to surpass the El Niño winter of 1982-83, currently the state's wettest on record. That's important because the runoff from the Sierra snowpack provides one-third of all of California's water.
NPR's Kirk Siegler was up in the mountains Wednesday near the Sierra-at-Tahoe ski resort, at about 7,000 of elevation, one of many locations where surveyors take their measurements. As he told All Things Considered, "I've been here around this time of year for this for past three years, one year no snow, last year, some and this year it's staggering."
Siegler watched as Frank Gerhke, the state's chief snow surveyor, took his reading with the help of a long cylindrical gauge. Gehrke says it's the first time since 2011 that he's had to add an extension to the aluminum tube to measure snow depth.
"Gehrke and his team take manual measurements here and combine it with electronic data from monitoring sites across High Sierra and they hand that over to reservoir operators and farms and cities downstream in the form of a forecast to know just how much water they'll get out of this snow in coming months," said Siegler.
30 SHARES Share Tweet Share Share Print Send
Two weeks after Bart Chilton, a member of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, said that “I am hopeful and expect the silver investigation to conclude in the not-too-distant future, hopefully in September or October…It has already taken far too long,” the probe by the CFTC into silver price manipulation is coming to an end. The CFTC will not investigate allegations that the silver price is manipulated by major financial powerhouses, in particular JPMorgan, whose death-by-a-thousand-cuts year might see their Too Big To Fail status tested and endure.
Chilton has come out hinting at the truth, having said that he has seen “repeated attempts” to influence prices. Any follower the price of silver is well-aware with the at times very predictable behavior of the silver price which does not fall in-line with natural trading. In concert, floods of paper will overwhelm the futures market, causing the silver price to fall dramatically. The only commodity cheaper today than it was in 1980, silver came under intense manipulation by international finance as the Hunt brothers tried to corner the markets at banks hedged the loans they provided the brothers with short positions in silver. They've kept these positions ever since, and it has caused a deep influence in the way the metal trades.
“There have been fraudulent efforts to persuade and deviously control that price,” Chilton said at an October 2010 hearing in Washington. “Any such violation of the law in this regard should be prosecuted.” But, JP Morgan will not prosecute. The bank has a long heritage behind the veneer of democracy in the United States, and has developed well-enrenched influence over the nation's political processes. JP Morgan himself sat on the board of upwards of 50 corporations in the second half of the 19th century, and this sort of insidious influence has put made JP Morgan invincible.
The Financial Times released the story today that the four-year investigation into the possible manipulation of the silver market looks like it is going to be dropped after US regulators did not find enough evidence to support a legal case, in spite of the fact that none of the audited information has been made public. The secrecy of the silver manipulation suggests that this scandal is more at the heart of the global financial system is as the LIBOR fixing scandal. In other words, it is more important that the poor man's gold remains volatile, risky and controlled so as to avoid a reorientation of global savings. The war on silver is a well documented reality, as the United States experienced in the Crime of 1873, again with silver nationalization in 1933, and enunciation by the Silver Users Association – an association of major industrialists and other businesses whose businesses are dependent on silver – in the early twentieth century indicating that hoarding by India of the metal was a concern.
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission began investigating “complaints of misconduct in the silver market” in September 2008, and along the way renowned silver investors like Bill Murphy of GATA testified about the abuses against free markets:
[youtube height=”400″ width=”550″]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wIMpe9SjfQ[/youtube]
In 2010, Bart Chilton, a CFTC commissioner, believed that there had been “fradulent efforts” to “deviously control” the silver price. But, after being consulted by two “external consultancies,” CFTC has determined it does not have sufficient evidence to move forward with a case. The agency's five commissioners have not come forward with their outcome, which leaves open the possibility of future actions. A CFTC spokeman indicated that the investigation had not yet been concluded, though he declined to go further into the case. “I'm sure it will be met with some concern from a certain group of aggressive silver speculators,” said one person close to the case.
According to the Financial Times, the CFTC has analysed over 100,000 documents and interviewed dozens since it began probing the allegations in 2008. The evidence apparently included records from JPMorgan. But, having been paidoff and threatened or told to ignore this, the CFTC has epically failed to produce any evidence, even though it does not take much imagination to realize that considering the vast assaults on pricing mechanisms world wide via central bank policy, derivative speculation and interest rate manipulation and insider trading, of course the silver price is affected. Bring in the socio-historical dynamic, that it has been before money, the money of the people, and you see that it is a dangerous asset as a competition to the dominant medium of control, the Federal Reserve Note.
A class-action lawsuit still pends against the Morgue. Lawyers for the bank have asked a judge to dismiss it. There is no evidence of a single manipulated trade, they claim. The CFTC has been pressured to go after potential silver manipulators on multiple occasions, such as in 2005 and 2008. They “found no evidence of wrongdoing.” But, the custodian of the COMEX, where SLV silver holdings are held, it is very clear that the role JP Morgan plays is major. HSBC already got off the hook of the investigation in the fall of last year, but JP Morgan was kept around for the ride, for the distraction, for whatever reason. Now, their fate is similar to HSBC.
The coming conclusion of the silver probe is not a surprise at all. Of course silver will remain manipulated. THE CFTC, the COMEX, JP Morgan, the CME are all unaccountable to the people. Money talks, and what is too sensitive to remain for too long in the public light will be silenced until it is convenient to let the information surface. The facade of the dollar is what must remain, and so all precious metals – again, especially the “poor man's gold” – must be pushed to the periphery of economic insights. They are not a viable option to save money in. The banks do not want to starve. So, the mainstream press outlets they control tell us that conservative mutual funds, despite that billions in investor money has been lost, and cash are where to best store value. The fundamentals of the precious metals markets clearly spell a long-term bull market. Silver is expected by most to outperform gold, but they have been disappointed at an outcome that was hard wired into the pricing mechanisms of the metal. There is no freely traded silver market, and we will not be seeing one for some time to come. The silver price today is off nearly 50% from its 1980 and 2011 highs. It trades in a range so narrow, it is as if the metal is traded in a ghosttown. Algorithmic handcuffs have been placed on silver and the key will not be turned any time soon. The false supply of paper silver, as anyone who follows the future markets, has successfully managed the silver price in a way so as to not psychologically stimulate the buying public. The “commercial hedgers” in the paper markets of unallocated accounts, a.k.a financiers in disguise, have led to an illusion of silver supply, while in the process creating a shortage. JP Morgan and other banks have oversold the amount of silver in the world. This scam will not be politically unraveled, this time. One day, though, the magnitude will be realized by the markets and public, and the demand for silver willoverwhelm the artificial suppression. The Silver Liberation Army best start organizing.
Cary Edmondson-USA TODAY Sports
Fans and media members alike know about defensive end Justin Smith and linebackers Patrick Willis, NaVorro Bowman and Aldon Smith. Those four aforementioned players are the heart and soul of the San Francisco 49ers defense.
However, it takes more than four high-profile names to build a championship defense. It takes an experienced coaching staff and a core group of complementary players. When it comes to the Niners, there's no better complement to the big four than seven-year veteran cornerback Tarell Brown.
Brown has never been an All-Pro selection nor has he ever been invited to Hawaii. Yet, All-Pro selections and Pro Bowl appearances are hardly the be-all and end-all. Anyone who has watched or has extensive knowledge of the game knows the fifth-round pick out of Texas is one of the best corners no one talks about.
According to the analysts at Pro Football Focus (subscription required), Brown was the fourth-best cover corner in the NFL last year. Richard Sherman, Casey Hayward and Charles Tillman were the three who received better coverage grades.
Despite being targeted 90 times by opposing quarterbacks, Brown only allowed 53 receptions for 719 yards. In addition, he didn't surrender a touchdown pass during the regular season, and he led the 49ers with 14 passes defended.
Here's how defensive coordinator Vic Fangio feels about Brown, and his overall play, according to Kevin Lynch of the San Francisco Chronicle. “He's done a very nice job for us. He learns from his mistakes. He's very professional in his approach.”
Fangio is right. Brown has approached the game the right way, and it shows. Let's go to the tape and analyze what makes the 28-year-old, top-notch corner an underappreciated technician.
No matter which game of Brown's you watch, it's easy to see he has a high football IQ and notable instincts. On this play against the Chicago Bears this past season, his know-how to anticipate and jump a route was on full display.
Chicago's offense was in “11” personnel. Brown was lined up over the flanker in off-man coverage. Based on the fact the Bears need more than 10 yards for a first down, Brown knows Devin Hester is going to break off his route between 13 and 15 yards downfield.
Throughout the entirety of Hester's comeback route, Brown did a great job pacing his back-pedal and staying on top of the route with the proper spacing. This, in turn, allowed him to freely move downhill on the comeback.
As Hester came out of his break, Brown was so well-positioned, he knew he had a clear path to the football. Once he was along the sideline on Hester's outside shoulder, it proved to be all over for quarterback Jason Campbell.
Campbell's ball placement was good. Brown just made a heads-up play; it's that simple. He gambled by jumping the route, and the gamble paid off. Kudos to Brown, he was technically sound from the beginning of the play until the end.
Even though Brown is short at 5'10”, this second play highlights his physicality. At times it's clear, he plays with an assertive edge. The assertive edge grants him the toughness he needs to take on the stiffest competition.
As you can see in the screenshot above, Brown was matched up against four-time All-Pro receiver Larry Fitzgerald. Instead of playing off-man coverage like last time, he came up to the line of scrimmage and played press-man coverage.
Fitzgerald's stature didn't stop Brown from winning the back-and-forth battle after the ball was snapped. Brown was textbook in his execution of proper press-man coverage. He disrupted Fitz's release off the line by striking him in the chest and not opening his hips.
If Brown had opened his hips, Fitzgerald would have run right through his punch.
As the play developed, Brown maintained his superb coverage and almost took Fitzgerald out of the play completely. Quarterback Brian Hoyer had two receiving options, yet it was obvious whom he was keying in on.
Rather than dumping the ball off in the flat to running back LaRod Stephens-Howling, Hoyer forced the ball into tight coverage to Fitzgerald, and Brown knocked the ball away. Despite the fact all Brown received for his effort was a pass defended, he did so much more than any box score could ever measure.
The last break down will focus on Brown's fantastic ball skills. When a defensive player tallies 14 passes defended, it's not a fluke. It takes impeccable timing and flawless execution. Here's one of the 14.
Brown was shadowing flanker wide receiver Andre Roberts on the right side of the defensive formation. Additionally, this snap called for off-man coverage with safety help from Donte Whitner on the back-end.
Roberts tried to catch Brown off-guard and turn him around with a “7” route. Fortunately for the 49ers defense, Brown's approach to the “7” route was spot on. When Roberts started to break off his route at the 8-yard mark, Brown knew he was in store for a double move.
As soon as quarterback John Skelton let go of the rock, Brown was in perfect position to stop the play dead in its tracks. He had his hips open, and he had correctly identified his help by staying outside of Roberts' shoulder.
The end result was a beautiful pass breakup. Brown's positioning and 35.5-inch vertical jump helped him complete the task at hand. Magnificent coverage from start to finish, you couldn't have drawn it up any better than that.
Even if that was a small sample size, it's pretty apparent by the numbers and the film that Brown is a top talent in the NFL. His career was remade when head coach Jim Harbaugh and his position coaches took over prior to the 2011 season.
Before they took over, one could have described his journey through the NFL as average at best.
Moving forward, it will be interesting to see whether or not San Francisco's front office rewards his high level of play with a contract extension at the end of the season. He carries a cap number of $1,907,312 this year. To put that into perspective, kicker Phil Dawson and defensive lineman Glenn Dorsey will both make more than him in 2013.
To reap the benefits of a lucrative deal and shed the label as the NFL's best cornerback you don't know about, Brown's play has to continually grade out positively on a weekly basis. For some, it takes longer than others, but eventually, his hard work and exceptional play will help him garner the praise he deserves.
Over the past few months, General Motors and its Chevrolet dealerships have been selling the 2015 Corvette with an interesting feature called Valet Mode. Valet Mode records audio, video, and driving statistics of the person in the driver's seat when the driver isn't around, thus keeping low-life valets from being too loose with their filthy mitts while inside a Corvette owner's fancy car.
Trouble is that in a handful of states, using Valet Mode might be considered a felony.
Federal wiretapping laws generally require only one party to consent to a recording of an interaction. But in California, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, Oregon, Pennsylvania, and Washington, all parties involved in the recording must either consent to a recording or at least be aware that the recording is happening, depending on the state. So if a Corvette owner turns on Valet Mode in California and turns the car over to the unknowing attendant, that Corvette owner could be committing a felony.
There are exceptions to the law—as the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press notes, “It is always legal to record or film a face-to-face interview when your recorder or camera is in plain view. In these instances, the consent of all parties is presumed.” But GM seems to be worried that the audio recording equipment in particular is sufficiently unnoticeable in its cars as to constitute a legal problem.
GM sent letters to its Chevrolet dealerships this week, urging sales people to tell 2015 Corvette owners not to use the Valet Mode function until an update has been issued, which will come “in the near future.” GM has also sent letters to people who have already purchased 2015 Corvettes, in which it writes, “To help you use the Valet Mode consistent to legal requirements that pertain to audio recording devices, we will be issuing a very important update to your system in the near future. We plan to provide additional details about this update in the coming weeks.”
Corvette Blogger speculates that the update might notify the valet of the recording equipment. “We can imagine that the update will have some sort of notice, either audible or on-screen, that will notify whoever is in the vehicle that the car is in valet mode and what they say is being recorded. We might even see some sort of consent that would need to be given by an occupant in the vehicle like clicking an OK box on the infotainment center's screen for the audio portion of the system to work as designed.”
Ars has contacted GM and Chevrolet but has not yet received a response.
Inconsistency in recording laws across the United States is often a source of confusion and sometimes dramatic fines. In 2011, Police in Massachusetts argued that recording from a cell phone constitutes a “secret recording.” In another notable case, a Nebraska mother and grandfather were fined $120,000 for bugging their child's teddy bear, which the child took to a day care center where none of the recorded persons (including the child) had consented to the recordings.
While new Corvette owners may not get the thrill of discovering that the kid at the valet pulled a Ferris Bueller (although sure, that was with a Ferrari), the system will still likely work as a deterrent to too much fun being had.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (Dec. 8, 2015) — This past Sunday afternoon a group of concerned Hmong Americans participated in a community vigil hosted by Minnesotans for Syrian Refugees and Committee in Solidarity with the People of Syria outside of the Governor's residence in St. Paul.
“In light of the recent Paris shootings and the national conversation as well as polarizing rhetoric regarding the Obama administration's decision to accept 10,000 Syrian refugees, we stand in solidarity with our Syrian refugee brothers and sisters who seek a safe haven in this country, and in the state of Minnesota,” said Fue Lee, 24, a graduate of Carleton College and a local Hmong American grassroots activist leader who organized the Hmong American group. Lee was born in a refugee camp in Thailand and came to the US when he was 1 year old.
While Minnesota's Governor Mark Dayton has made clear he will not join the more than 30 states to refuse resettlement of Syrian refugees in their state, he told the local press, “I wouldn't say we would welcome, but I trust our churches and nonprofit refugee organizations to make the determination about what's appropriate and the social costs involved with bringing in people who are indigent refugees.”
In a letter to the Governor two weeks ago, Minnesota House GOP Speaker Kurt Daudt called for a halt to accepting Syrian refugees to the state.
“Most of us are here in the U.S. today because of the refugee resettlement policies back in the 70s and 80s, thanks to leaders like Vice President Walter Mondale. Imagine if these restricted measures were put in place then, our parents and grandparents wouldn't have been able to come here to escape the certainty of capture, torture and even death due to their roles in helping this country in the war in Southeast Asia,” Lee continued,
Today, Hmong Americans make up the largest Asian Pacific American population group in Minnesota, numbering 66,000, according to the 2010 Census. Since the first Hmong family arrived in Minnesota this month in 1975, many Hmong American refugees have become a permanent fixture of the larger Twin Cities community with their own shopping malls, health clinics, law offices, non-profit organizations, places of worship, and cultural centers and events to serve the needs within their own community and at large.
Jay Xiong, 32, who was born in St. Paul to refugee parents from Laos, said, “Hmong Americans, once refugees, have also established a growing list of Hmong Americans who have been elected to public office, including six who are currently serving as a school board member, city councilmen, and a state legislator.” Xiong was formerly a Minnesota legislative aide, co-founder and the former Executive Director of Asian American Organizing Project, and currently a specialist for the Office of Family Engagement & Community Partnerships of the St. Paul Public Schools.
Among the more than 100 supporters who attended the vigil was St. Paul's first Hmong American City Councilman Dai Thao who spoke to the crowd about the Hmong refugee experience. He urged Minnesotans to “stand fearlessly to fight for our Syrian brothers and sisters.”
“I am the son of Hmong refugees. I cannot turn my back on Syrian refugees,” said Cheng Zeng Vang of St. Paul. Vang is a student at Century College in White Bear Lake, Minnesota.
ANDRE Villas-Boas has been warned not to spend Gareth Bales 100m Euro transfer fee all in one go.
The Spurs manager has been frantically adding Xbox games, Converse trainers and One Direction picture discs to his Amazon wish list since the transfer was negotiated.
Chairman Daniel Levy said: This club has a reputation for spunking transfer funds and Im not sure a 50-foot bouncy castle in the shape of Wolverine is going to dispel that.
Real Madrid placed the world record bid for Gareth Bale after seeing him on the television, being unable to believe thats what he actually looked like and paying for the privilege of seeing him up close for themselves.
Their initial cash-only offer was rejected after Villas-Boas insisted that any deal must include the ride-on lawnmower he saw being used at the Bernabéu, and a penknife.
Spur fans hope he does not emulate previous managers profligacy. Juande Ramos used the £30M Berbatov fee to have The Gipsy Kings wake him up each morning with Bamboleo, while Harry Redknapp spent his entire 2009 transfer budget on a really nice sheepskin coat.
Vilas-Boas said: and a speedboat, and an iPad and a lightsabre and Edin Dzeko and a BMX, and 
Brian McDermott on Reading's failed bids to re-sign Gylfi Sigurdsson Brian McDermott on Reading's failed bids to re-sign Gylfi Sigurdsson
Iceland international Sigurdsson, 23, started his professional career with the Royals before moving to Hoffenheim in 2010.
"We tried to bring him back. We had spoken to Spurs and we made three offers," said McDermott. "I thought at one stage we had a real chance of doing a deal, but unfortunately, we couldn't manage to do it.
"Gylfi is a Tottenham player, but we've known him since he was 12/13 years old and it would have been great to bring him back."
Tottenham signed Sigurdsson on a permanent deal last summer after the player had impressed during a loan spell with Swansea last season and he has made 30 appearances for Spurs this campaign, scoring two goals.
He played 51 games for Reading between 2008 and 2010, scoring 22 goals.
McDermott also admitted that Reading had lodged a bid for winger Ince before the transfer deadline but this was rejected by Blackpool.
Al-Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria on Sunday released seven members of a US-trained rebel group abducted last month, in a highly unusual move described by the group's leadership as a gesture of good will.
The moderate rebel group, known as Division 30, is the first faction to graduate from a US-led training programme in Turkey which aims to forge a fighting force on the ground in Syria to fight against Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (Isil).
Last month, al-Qaeda-linked Jabhat al-Nusra kidnapped Colonel Nadim al-Hassan, Division 30's commander, and at least several of his companions only a few days after they had crossed from Turkey to the town of Azaz on the Syrian-Turkish border.
Nusra Front then stormed Division 30's headquarters, killing five members and wounding 18 others in an offensive that left the group all but crippled.
The Nusra Front said at the time it abducted the rebels because they were allied with the US.
The Division 30 statement made after the release described Nusra Front fighters as "brothers" in a sign the US allies are capitulating to the Islamist group.
It said Division 30 is on the "same page with all holy warriors in Syria".
The kidnapping and attack on Division 30, came a few days after the US and Turkey announced the outlines of a deal to help rebels push Isil back from a strip of territory it controls along the Syrian-Turkish border, replacing it with more moderate rebels backed by Washington and Ankara.
Photo: REUTERS
In an interview with the Telegraph in the southern Turkish town of Gaziantep on Sunday, Division 30 spokesman Ammar al-Wawi confirmed that it was detainees' eleased on Sunday, adding that the deal was brokered by the father of one of the detainees.
“[The father] communicated with Jabhat al-Nusra, and his son and those with him were released,” said al-Wawi.
Division 30 was to be the nucleus of new Syrian national army, composed of groups deemed more “moderate” by Western nations who fear the dominance of Islamist rebels in Syria.
The $36 million (£23 million) programme, however, has been beset by troubles from its inception eight months ago.
Elsewhere in Syria, government unleashed a series of airstrikes on the rebel-held suburb of Douma, killing 82 people and wounding more than 250, in one of the deadliest single incidents in the four-year conflict.
Rami Abdul Rahman, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a pro-opposition watchdog based in the UK, accused the government of deliberately targeting civilians.
“The strikes hit the marketplace, and when rescue crews and others came in to help people, the warplanes targeted the market again,” he said.
Douma, one of the first towns to rise up against President Bashar al-Assad, has suffered under a three-year siege by government forces.
It is quite often the case that reverse code engineering a software product is teetering on the border of legal and illegal. Note that reverse engineering a competing car or a weapon is never legally challenged, nor was reverse engineering software a few decades ago. So as a reverse engineer, you should know your rights and the rights of the software owner. This chapter will focus on just that, exploring issues surrounding patents, copyrights, and licensed software. Even if you play by the rules, you are not immune to harassment lawsuits. (NB: The material here reflects the legal position in the USA. Other juridictions may have different laws.)
Patented Software [ edit ]
Explain the rights of the software owner under the patent law
Copyrighted Software [ edit ]
There are laws about the copyright that someone who reverse-engineers must take care of in open source projects, and the common approach to this problem is to divide the programmers into 2 groups:
The one who disassembles the code of the program/firmware and writes the specifications. The second group that makes a program using these specifications.
Fair Use [ edit ]
Under a few circumstances, fair use allows the reproduction of copyrighted material without the owner's permission. The Copyright Act of 1976, 17 U.S.C. § 107 states specifically:
“ Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright. In determining whether the use made of a work in any particular case is a fair use the factors to be considered shall include— the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes; the nature of the copyrighted work; the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole; and the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work. The fact that a work is unpublished shall not itself bar a finding of fair use if such finding is made upon consideration of all the above factors. ”
In terms of reverse engineering and fair use, the law tends to favor the reverser. However, negatively affecting the value of the original product will almost never result in it being categorized as "fair use." Also keep in mind that fair use does not permit breaking the user license terms.
It needs to be noted that fair use is not black and white. The line between fair use and copyright infringement is very gray. Unless you are very confident about what you are doing, you shouldn't do it.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act [ edit ]
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act was put into place in 1998 in order to make any service or device with purpose of undermining or removing DRM (Digital Rights Management) copyright infringement. The act forbids any service or device from being designed to circumvent, or even being marketed to circumvent any DRM.
There is, however, an exception in the DMCA stating that reverse engineering can be done under the purposes of inter-operability between software components.[1] It states the following:
“ REVERSE ENGINEERING.— Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(1)(A), a person who has lawfully obtained the right to use a copy of a computer program may circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a particular portion of that program for the sole purpose of identifying and analyzing those elements of the program that are necessary to achieve interoperability of an independently created computer program with other programs, and that have not previously been readily available to the person engaging in the circumvention, to the extent any such acts of identification and analysis do not constitute infringement under this title. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (a)(2) and (b), a person may develop and employ technological means to circumvent a technological measure, or to circumvent protection afforded by a technological measure, in order to enable the identification and analysis under paragraph (1), or for the purpose of enabling interoperability of an independently created computer program with other programs, if such means are necessary to achieve such interoperability, to the extent that doing so does not constitute infringement under this title. The information acquired through the acts permitted under paragraph (1), and the means permitted under paragraph (2), may be made available to others if the person referred to in paragraph (1) or (2), as the case may be, provides such information or means solely for the purpose of enabling interoperability of an independently created computer program with other programs, and to the extent that doing so does not constitute infringement under this title or violate applicable law other than this section. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘interoperability' means the ability of computer programs to exchange information, and of such programs mutually to use the information which has been exchanged. ”
Fair use does still apply. However, it is not fair use to gain unauthorized access to copyrighted work.[2]
End User License Agreement [ edit ]
An end user license agreement (or EULA) is a legal contract between the software manufacturer and the user. It explains the terms under which the user may use the software, giving a list of conditions of what the user may and may not do. This contract can state anything from the number of copies that can be made to conditions under which it can be reverse engineered.
EULA and Fair Use [ edit ]
Fair use seems to be safe ground for reverse engineers, almost always using it as a defense. However, an EULA is a legally binding contract. If a user agrees to terms which are in conflict with fair use, the user has effectively waived their rights to fair use.
In the case of Davidson & Associates v. Jung [3], Ross Combs, Rob Crittenden, and Jim Jung reverse engineered Blizzard's protocol language to allow gamers to play pirated video games online. In this case, the reverses agreed to an EULA and TOU (Terms of Use) prohibiting reverse engineering. The judge found the EULA and TOU to be enforceable by law and that a user's right to reverse engineer a product can be contractually waived.
Famous Cases [ edit ]
[4] Atari Games Corp. v. Nintendo of America Inc. [ edit ]
When Nintendo came out with the Nintendo Entertainment System, they designed a program, the 10NES, to prevent unauthorized video games from working on the NES. In order to make an authorized game, you had to become licensed with Nintendo, and the license agreement essentially stated that a company could make up to five games per year and prevented them from selling the same games to other home entertainment systems.
Atari attempted to crack the 10NES to bypass the restrictive licensee agreement. In 1986, they purchased some NES units and started reverse engineering. By chemically dissolving top layers of the chip containing the 10NES, they could use a microscope to physically look at the bits and accrue some of the object code. The object code was then decompiled to source. However, Atari was unable to completely reverse the 10NES using this method.
In 1988, Atari requested a copy of the 10NES source code from the Copyright Office by falsely saying they were involved in an infringement lawsuit with Nintendo. After completely understanding the 10NES program, they built a program to defeat it. In 1989, Nintendo filed charges against them for unfair competition, patent infringement, copyright infringement, and trade secret violations.
One of Atari's defenses was that reverse engineering was fair use under the copyright law. In the end, the courts decided the act of chemically peeling back the chip and looking at the bits to get the object code on systems they purchased was fair use. It was expected that the courts would find Atari at fault for copyright infringement for stealing the source from the Copyright Office. However, in 1994, Atari and Nintendo settled out of court.
[5] Sega Enterprises Ltd. v. Accolade Inc. [ edit ]
This case concerned Sega's video game console and cartridges. The cartridges had a 20-25 byte code segment which was interrogated by the console, as a security measure.
Accolade disassembled the code which was common to three different Sega games cartridges, to find the security segment, and included it in competing games cartridges.
The Ninth Circuit held this disassembly to be a permitted "fair use" of the copyright in the games' programs. The disassembly of copyrighted object code, as a necessary step in examination of the unprotected ideas and functional concepts embodied in the code, is a fair use that is privileged by section 107 of the Copyright Act: because disassembly was the only means of gaining access to those unprotected aspects of the program, and because Accolade has a legitimate interest in gaining such access (to determine how to make its cartridges compatible with the Genesis console).
Jon Johansen Case [ edit ]
Give a description of this case
Further Reading [ edit ]
"The Law and Economics of Reverse Engineering", Pamela Samuelson and Suzanne Scotchmer, Yale Law Journal 111, May 2002, 1575-1663.
This section builds upon the previous examples to show you how lambda expressions can improve your code. Lambdas should provide a means to better support the Don't Repeat Yourself (DRY) principle and make your code simpler and more readable.
A Common Query Use Case
A common use case for programs is to search through a collection of data to find items that match a specific criterion. In the excellent "Jump-Starting Lambda" presentation at JavaOne 2012, Stuart Marks and Mike Duigou walk though just such a use case. Given a list of people, various criteria are used to make robo calls (automated phone calls) to matching persons. This tutorial follows that basic premise with slight variations.
In this example, our message needs to get out to three different groups in the United States:
Drivers: Persons over the age of 16
Persons over the age of 16 Draftees: Male persons between the ages of 18 and 25
Male persons between the ages of 18 and 25 Pilots (specifically commercial pilots): Persons between the ages of 23 and 65
The actual robot that does all this work has not yet arrived at our place of business. Instead of calling, mailing or emailing, a message is printed to the console. The message contains a person's name, age, and information specific to the target medium (for example, email address when emailing or phone number when calling).
Person Class
Each person in the test list is defined by using the Person class with the following properties:
10 public class People { 11 private String givenName; 12 private String surName; 13 private int age; 14 private Gender gender; 15 private String eMail; 16 private String phone; 17 private String address; 18
The Person class uses a Builder to create new objects. A sample list of people is created with the createShortList method. Here is a short code fragment of that method. Note: All source code for this tutorial is included in a NetBeans project that is linked at the end of this section.
128 public static List < Person > createShortList ( ) { 129 List < Person > people = new ArrayList < > ( ) ; 130 131 people. add ( 132 new People. Builder ( ) 133 . givenName ( " Bob " ) 134 . surName ( " Baker " ) 135 . age ( 21 ) 136 . gender ( Gender.MALE ) 137 . email ( " bob . baker @ example . com " ) 138 . phoneNumber ( " 201 - 121 - 4678 " ) 139 . address ( " 44 4th St , Smallville , KS 12333 " ) 140 . build ( ) 141 ) ; 142 143 people. add ( 144 new People. Builder ( ) 145 . givenName ( " Jane " ) 146 . surName ( " Doe " ) 147 . age ( 25 ) 148 . gender ( Gender.FEMALE ) 149 . email ( " jane . doe @ example . com " ) 150 . phoneNumber ( " 202 - 123 - 4678 " ) 151 . address ( " 33 3rd St , Smallville , KS 12333 " ) 152 . build ( ) 153 ) ; 154 155 people. add ( 156 new People. Builder ( ) 157 . givenName ( " John " ) 158 . surName ( " Doe " ) 159 . age ( 25 ) 160 . gender ( Gender.MALE ) 161 . email ( " john . doe @ example . com " ) 162 . phoneNumber ( " 202 - 123 - 4678 " ) 163 . address ( " 33 3rd St , Smallville , KS 12333 " ) 164 . build ( ) 165 ) ; 166
A First Attempt
With a Person class and search criteria defined, you can write a RoboContact class. One possible solution defines a method for each use case:
RoboContactsMethods.java
1 package com.example.lambda; 2 3 import java.util.List; 4 5 6 7 @author 8 9 public class RoboContactMethods { 10 11 public void callDrivers ( List < Person > pl ) { 12 for ( Person p:pl ) { 13 if ( p. getAge ( ) >= 16 ) { 14 roboCall ( p ) ; 15 } 16 } 17 } 18 19 public void emailDraftees ( List < Person > pl ) { 20 for ( Person p:pl ) { 21 if ( p. getAge ( ) >= 18 & & p. getAge ( ) <= 25 & & p. getGender ( ) = = Gender.MALE ) { 22 roboEmail ( p ) ; 23 } 24 } 25 } 26 27 public void mailPilots ( List < Person > pl ) { 28 for ( Person p:pl ) { 29 if ( p. getAge ( ) >= 23 & & p. getAge ( ) <= 65 ) { 30 roboMail ( p ) ; 31 } 32 } 33 } 34 35 36 public void roboCall ( Person p ) { 37 System.out. println ( " Calling " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getPhone ( ) ) ; 38 } 39 40 public void roboEmail ( Person p ) { 41 System.out. println ( " EMailing " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getEmail ( ) ) ; 42 } 43 44 public void roboMail ( Person p ) { 45 System.out. println ( " Mailing " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getAddress ( ) ) ; 46 } 47 48 }
As you can see from the names ( callDrivers , emailDraftees , and mailPilots ) the methods describe the kind of behavior that is taking place. The search criteria are clearly conveyed and an appropriate call is made to each robo action. However, this design has some negatives aspects:
The DRY principle is not followed.
Each method repeats a looping mechanism.
The selection criteria must be rewritten for each method
A large number of methods are required to implement each use case.
The code is inflexible. If the search criteria changed, it would require a number of code changes for an update. Thus, the code is not very maintainable.
Refactor the Methods
How can the class be fixed? The search criteria are a good place to start. If test conditions are isolated in separate methods, that would be an improvement.
RoboContactMethods2.java
1 package com.example.lambda; 2 3 import java.util.List; 4 5 6 7 @author 8 9 public class RoboContactMethods2 { 10 11 public void callDrivers ( List < Person > pl ) { 12 for ( Person p:pl ) { 13 if ( isDriver ( p ) ) { 14 roboCall ( p ) ; 15 } 16 } 17 } 18 19 public void emailDraftees ( List < Person > pl ) { 20 for ( Person p:pl ) { 21 if ( isDraftee ( p ) ) { 22 roboEmail ( p ) ; 23 } 24 } 25 } 26 27 public void mailPilots ( List < Person > pl ) { 28 for ( Person p:pl ) { 29 if ( isPilot ( p ) ) { 30 roboMail ( p ) ; 31 } 32 } 33 } 34 35 public boolean isDriver ( Person p ) { 36 return p. getAge ( ) >= 16 ; 37 } 38 39 public boolean isDraftee ( Person p ) { 40 return p. getAge ( ) >= 18 & & p. getAge ( ) <= 25 & & p. getGender ( ) = = Gender.MALE; 41 } 42 43 public boolean isPilot ( Person p ) { 44 return p. getAge ( ) >= 23 & & p. getAge ( ) <= 65 ; 45 } 46 47 public void roboCall ( Person p ) { 48 System.out. println ( " Calling " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getPhone ( ) ) ; 49 } 50 51 public void roboEmail ( Person p ) { 52 System.out. println ( " EMailing " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getEmail ( ) ) ; 53 } 54 55 public void roboMail ( Person p ) { 56 System.out. println ( " Mailing " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getAddress ( ) ) ; 57 } 58 59 }
The search criteria are encapsulated in a method, an improvement over the previous example. The test conditions can be reused and changes flow back throughout the class. However there is still a lot of repeated code and a separate method is still required for each use case. Is there a better way to pass the search criteria to the methods?
Anonymous Classes
Before lambda expressions, anonymous inner classes were an option. For example, an interface ( MyTest.java ) written with one test method that returns a boolean (a functional interface) is a possible solution. The search criteria could be passed when the method is called. The interface looks like this:
6 public interface MyTest < T > { 7 public boolean test ( T t ) ; 8 }
The updated robot class looks like this:
RoboContactsAnon.java
9 public class RoboContactAnon { 10 11 public void phoneContacts ( List < Person > pl, MyTest < Person > aTest ) { 12 for ( Person p:pl ) { 13 if ( aTest. test ( p ) ) { 14 roboCall ( p ) ; 15 } 16 } 17 } 18 19 public void emailContacts ( List < Person > pl, MyTest < Person > aTest ) { 20 for ( Person p:pl ) { 21 if ( aTest. test ( p ) ) { 22 roboEmail ( p ) ; 23 } 24 } 25 } 26 27 public void mailContacts ( List < Person > pl, MyTest < Person > aTest ) { 28 for ( Person p:pl ) { 29 if ( aTest. test ( p ) ) { 30 roboMail ( p ) ; 31 } 32 } 33 } 34 35 public void roboCall ( Person p ) { 36 System.out. println ( " Calling " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getPhone ( ) ) ; 37 } 38 39 public void roboEmail ( Person p ) { 40 System.out. println ( " EMailing " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getEmail ( ) ) ; 41 } 42 43 public void roboMail ( Person p ) { 44 System.out. println ( " Mailing " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getAddress ( ) ) ; 45 } 46 47 }
That is definitely another improvement, because only three methods are needed to perform robotic operations. However, there is a slight problem with ugliness when the methods are called. Check out the test class used for this class:
RoboCallTest03.java
1 package com.example.lambda; 2 3 import java.util.List; 4 5 6 @author 7 8 public class RoboCallTest03 { 9 10 public static void main ( String[] args ) { 11 12 List < Person > pl = Person. createShortList ( ) ; 13 RoboContactAnon robo = new RoboContactAnon ( ) ; 14 15 System.out. println ( "
= = = = Test 03 = = = = " ) ; 16 System.out. println ( "
= = = Calling all Drivers = = = " ) ; 17 robo. phoneContacts ( pl, 18 new MyTest < Person > ( ) { 19 @ Override 20 public boolean test ( Person p ) { 21 return p. getAge ( ) >= 16 ; 22 } 23 } 24 ) ; 25 26 System.out. println ( "
= = = Emailing all Draftees = = = " ) ; 27 robo. emailContacts ( pl, 28 new MyTest < Person > ( ) { 29 @ Override 30 public boolean test ( Person p ) { 31 return p. getAge ( ) >= 18 & & p. getAge ( ) <= 25 & & p. getGender ( ) = = Gender.MALE; 32 } 33 } 34 ) ; 35 36 37 System.out. println ( "
= = = Mail all Pilots = = = " ) ; 38 robo. mailContacts ( pl, 39 new MyTest < Person > ( ) { 40 @ Override 41 public boolean test ( Person p ) { 42 return p. getAge ( ) >= 23 & & p. getAge ( ) <= 65 ; 43 } 44 } 45 ) ; 46 47 48 } 49 }
This is a great example of the "vertical" problem in practice. This code is a little difficult to read. In addition, we have to write custom search criteria for each use case.
Lambda Expressions Get it Just Right
Lambda expressions solve all the problems encountered so far. But first a little housekeeping.
java.util.function
In the previous example, the MyTest functional interface passed anonymous classes to methods. However, writing that interface was not necessary. Java SE 8 provides the java.util.function package with a number of standard functional interfaces. In this case, the Predicate interface meets our needs.
3 public interface Predicate < T > { 4 public boolean test ( T t ) ; 5 }
The test method takes a generic class and returns a boolean result. This is just what is needed to make selections. Here is the final version of the robot class.
RoboContactsLambda.java
1 package com.example.lambda; 2 3 import java.util.List; 4 import java.util.function.Predicate; 5 6 7 8 @author 9 10 public class RoboContactLambda { 11 public void phoneContacts ( List < Person > pl, Predicate < Person > pred ) { 12 for ( Person p:pl ) { 13 if ( pred. test ( p ) ) { 14 roboCall ( p ) ; 15 } 16 } 17 } 18 19 public void emailContacts ( List < Person > pl, Predicate < Person > pred ) { 20 for ( Person p:pl ) { 21 if ( pred. test ( p ) ) { 22 roboEmail ( p ) ; 23 } 24 } 25 } 26 27 public void mailContacts ( List < Person > pl, Predicate < Person > pred ) { 28 for ( Person p:pl ) { 29 if ( pred. test ( p ) ) { 30 roboMail ( p ) ; 31 } 32 } 33 } 34 35 public void roboCall ( Person p ) { 36 System.out. println ( " Calling " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getPhone ( ) ) ; 37 } 38 39 public void roboEmail ( Person p ) { 40 System.out. println ( " EMailing " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getEmail ( ) ) ; 41 } 42 43 public void roboMail ( Person p ) { 44 System.out. println ( " Mailing " + p. getGivenName ( ) + " " + p. getSurName ( ) + " age " + p. getAge ( ) + " at " + p. getAddress ( ) ) ; 45 } 46 47 }
With this approach only three methods are needed, one for each contact method. The lambda expression passed to the method selects the Person instances that meet the test conditions.
Vertical Problem Solved
Lambda expressions solve the vertical problem and allow the easy reuse of any expression. Take a look at the new test class updated for lambda expressions.
RoboCallTest04.java
1 package com.example.lambda; 2 3 import java.util.List; 4 import java.util.function.Predicate; 5 6 7 8 @author 9 10 public class RoboCallTest04 { 11 12 public static void main ( String[] args ) { 13 14 List < Person > pl = Person. createShortList ( ) ; 15 RoboContactLambda robo = new RoboContactLambda ( ) ; 16 17 18 Predicate < Person > allDrivers = p - > p. getAge ( ) >= 16 ; 19 Predicate < Person > allDraftees = p - > p. getAge ( ) >= 18 & & p. getAge ( ) <= 25 & & p. getGender ( ) = = Gender.MALE; 20 Predicate < Person > allPilots = p - > p. getAge ( ) >= 23 & & p. getAge ( ) <= 65 ; 21 22 System.out. println ( "
= = = = Test 04 = = = = " ) ; 23 System.out. println ( "
= = = Calling all Drivers = = = " ) ; 24 robo. phoneContacts ( pl, allDrivers ) ; 25 26 System.out. println ( "
= = = Emailing all Draftees = = = " ) ; 27 robo. emailContacts ( pl, allDraftees ) ; 28 29 System.out. println ( "
= = = Mail all Pilots = = = " ) ; 30 robo. mailContacts ( pl, allPilots ) ; 31 32 33 System.out. println ( "
= = = Mail all Draftees = = = " ) ; 34 robo. mailContacts ( pl, allDraftees ) ; 35 36 System.out. println ( "
= = = Call all Pilots = = = " ) ; 37 robo. phoneContacts ( pl, allPilots ) ; 38 39 } 40 }
Notice that a Predicate is set up for each group: allDrivers , allDraftees , and allPilots . You can pass any of these Predicate interfaces to the contact methods. The code is compact and easy to read, and it is not repetitive.
Resources
The NetBeans project with the source code is included in the following zip file.
RoboCallExample.zip
Chaunte Ott hugs his sister, Tami Ott, in front of the Hitching Post Restaurant in Portage after he was released from Columbia Correctional Institution in 2009. The city settled a wrongful conviction suit for $6.5 million with Ott. (Photo: Journal Sentinel Files)
Police misconduct has cost Milwaukee taxpayers at least $17.5 million in legal settlements since 2015, forcing the city to borrow money to make the payouts amid an ever-tightening budget.
That amount jumps to at least $21.4 million when interest paid on the borrowing and fees paid to outside attorneys are factored in, a Milwaukee Journal Sentinel analysis found.
In some cases, the costs pile up as the city continues to fight the cases for months or years, even after officers have been fired or criminally convicted in the same misconduct case. The costs far outstrip the $1.2 million the city sets aside each year for settling all of the claims it faces.
And they likely will keep rising.
The price of police misconduct has come under scrutiny as city officials face a daunting budget and consider closing six fire stations and cutting jobs in the police and fire departments. At budget hearings, Common Council members have repeatedly pressed police officials and the city attorney's office on what more could be done to ward off lawsuits.
"Better training, better screening of applicants, all kinds of factors that could enter into the picture," Ald. Robert Bauman said in an interview.
"But clearly, for acts that have already occurred, we're on the hook," he said. "Just have the police stop violating civil rights, and we'd have plenty of money for fire houses."
RELATED: Appeals in police misconduct suits, including in case tied to serial killer Walter Ellis, cost city millions
In the past, aldermen have attempted to tie the lawsuits to the police budget, exploring options such as reducing the cost from the Police Department's budget, but the city attorney's office advised against it, Common Council President Ashanti Hamilton said.
“I wish we could really center our discussion around just protecting the constitutional rights of the citizens that the Police Department is sworn to protect and serve,” Hamilton said.
“But there's actually a real financial impact of violating people's rights."
NEWSLETTERS Get the NewsWatch Delivered newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Todays top news delivered to your inbox Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7103. Delivery: Mon - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for NewsWatch Delivered Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Legal costs mount
City Attorney Grant Langley's office recently recommended paying $2 million to settle a wrongful imprisonment lawsuit.
The city also has two other high-profile lawsuits looming: one related to the 2011 in-custody death of Derek Williams and a class-action suit from the American Civil Liberties Union of Wisconsin accusing the department of illegal stop-and-frisk practices and racial profiling.
Derek Michael Williams holding his daughter Ta'Nijah Williams age 9 mos in the photo. (Photo: family photo)
RELATED: Milwaukee appeal could delay trial in civil rights lawsuit over Derek Williams' death in police custody
RELATED: ACLU sues Milwaukee police over profiling, stop-and-frisk
The pending wrongful imprisonment settlement could push the total payouts to settle lawsuits so far this year to $9.4 million. That would be the most the city has paid out in a single year since at least 2008, according to the Journal Sentinel analysis.
The city is self-insured, meaning taxpayers bear the costs of any settlement.
Because the city only budgets $1.2 million a year for claims and lawsuits, it has resorted to borrowing to pay for the large settlements. Aldermen have approved borrowing $16.3 million to settle four lawsuits, and will soon vote on whether to borrow another $2 million to pay a fifth.
Those settlements alone will cost an extra $2.6 million in interest and borrowing costs over the next decade.
The city deals with hundreds of legal disputes a year, many related to property damage, collisions with city vehicles, personal injury claims or employment disputes. From 2008 to 2014, it paid an average of $2.5 million per year in settlements and court judgments. Most claims were settled for less than $2,000.
In 2015, a series of multi-million-dollar judgments and settlements related to police misconduct started to dramatically increase the costs of claims and lawsuits.
The city settled a wrongful conviction suit for $6.5 million with Chaunte Ott, who spent 13 years in prison for a homicide later connected to serial killer Walter Ellis.
RELATED: Suspected serial killer slipped through the cracks
RELATED: Innocence Project pushes to exonerate man caught up in serial killer's wake
Then came a $5 million settlement that covered dozens of illegal strip search cases, a $2.5 million settlement paid to a woman who was raped by an on-duty police officer, and the $2.3 million payment to the family of Dontre Hamilton, who was shot and killed by an officer in Red Arrow Park.
RELATED: Milwaukee Common Council approves $2.3 million settlement for Dontre Hamilton's son
The city's most recent seven-figure settlement stems from the wrongful imprisonment of William Avery for another murder that was later linked to Ellis. The Common Council has yet to vote on the $2 million settlement.
RELATED: $1 million verdict against city reinstated
The police claims are a significant portion of $41 million paid by the city in legal claims against all departments since 2008, according to the Journal Sentinel's analysis.
Langley said his office last year devoted at least four attorneys, two paralegals and one office assistant entirely to police-related cases last year.
"It's certainly a significant allocation of resources," he said. "I'm hoping that as we move forward, that is reduced. But, we still have some significant cases to deal with."
In some of the most complex cases, the city has also hired outside attorneys, which has resulted in substantial legal fees.
For example, the city paid the Crivello Carlson law firm $1.5 million from 2014 to 2015 to defend the city in the illegal strip search lawsuit, which involved 74 plaintiffs suing the city.
"It was, to say the least, more than this office could handle," Langley said.
The city has hired the von Briesen and Roper law firm to defend it against the illegal stop and frisk lawsuit filed this year by the ACLU. Payments to the firm so far this year have totaled $159,000.
Fighting the cases
Some judges and attorneys have criticized the city's handling of the police misconduct lawsuits, saying city attorneys unnecessarily drag out cases involving clear wrongdoing on the part of police officers.
The result is higher costs to taxpayers.
When the city loses or settles such lawsuits, the city can be held liable for the plaintiff's attorney's fees, in addition whatever it costs the city to fight the suit.
In a hearing last month, U.S. District Judge J.P. Stadtmueller Jr. chided a city attorney for repeatedly fighting the Avery wrongful imprisonment case, even after a $1 million payout to Avery had been reinstated by a federal appeals court.
The judge questioned why the city refused to resolve the cases and instead continued to take a "strident approach" of appealing "everything" when it did not seem to have the desired effect.
“These cases have all been around for a long time, and the media has given few of them considerable attention. But, the amount of payouts is staggering,” Stadtmueller said.
“And it does not appear to be in any sense abated as a result of all this litigation," he said. "So, for plaintiff's counsel, it looks like the cottage industry will continue.”
In addition to the $1 million judgment paid to Avery, the city will pay $987,000 for his attorney's fees.
If there is a legitimate legal avenue to defend the city, attorneys are obligated to pursue it to "ensure that taxpayer money is not spent inappropriately," said Deputy City Attorney Jan Smokowicz.
"We do not file appeals to the U.S. Supreme Court lightly," he said of the Avery case, which he worked on. "It certainly was not simply a delay tactic."
Smokovicz pointed to the $6.5 million Ott settlement as evidence the city doesn't fight lawsuits just to fight them.
"We do try to asses each case on the merits, and we do try to resolve cases where appropriate," Smokovicz said.
Ben Elson, one of Avery's attorneys in the civil case, said the city's approach to appealing the case amounted to a waste of taxpayer money.
"The longer the case drags out, the more money the city ends up having to pay," he added. "It's a bad financial decision and even more importantly, it unnecessarily delays justice for the victims."
Elson's firm, the Chicago-based People's Law Office, has worked on many civil rights cases against the Milwaukee police.
"Filing frivolous motions and appeals is a stalling tactic they often use," he said. "It shows a stubborn unwillingness on their part to ever acknowledge egregious police misconduct."
Milwaukee attorney Jonathan Safran, who has sued the city in civil rights cases, said the city has a track record of fighting every case, even when there's clear wrongdoing on the part of its employees.
Safran was part of the team representing Hamilton's family, as well as several clients suing the city in the illegal strip search cases. The officer who killed Hamilton was fired. Four officers in the strip search case were criminally convicted.
The family of Dontre Hamilton, Maria Hamilton, his mother, left, Dameion (cq) Perkins, right, brother, stand by, Nate Hamilton, center, who becomes emotional while talking about the lost of his brother Dontre at press conference for the family at Red Arrow Park. The Common Council Wednesday approved a $2.3 million settlement with the family of Dontre Hamilton, who was shot and killed by a Milwaukee police officer in Red Arrow Park. About a year ago, his family filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against the city over his death. Hamilton was fatally shot on April 30, 2014. Last month, a federal judge ruled in the family's favor on one of their claims, that now-fired officer Christopher Manney violated Hamilton's constitutional rights when he conducted a pat-down after confronting him. (Photo: Angela Peterson / Milwaukee Journal Sentinel)
"I suspect most taxpayers think there is somehow some insurance involved," Safran said. "It's just massive amounts of money."
Milwaukee has long been self-insured and for many years the total payouts for claims had been relatively stable.
Some Wisconsin cities, including Madison, do have outside insurance. The family of Tony Robinson, who was shot and killed by a Madison police officer in 2015, reached a $3.35 million settlement with the city's insurer in February. The city of Madison has typically paid insurance premiums ranging from $364,000 to $436,000, according to media reports.
Milwaukee's budget office has researched insurance in the past and found most insurers are not willing to cover a city the size of Milwaukee and the plans from those that do are cost-prohibitive, said budget director Dennis Yaccarino.
How police officials manage risk
Policing a major city is an enormous source of risk for governments and potential civil lawsuits, Police Chief Edward Flynn said.
“It's baked into the business,” he said during a recent budget hearing.
"It's not something we like, but it's a high-hazard occupation," Flynn said. "It takes place frequently in violent and ambiguous circumstances, and sometimes people make the wrong decision, and sometimes people do the wrong thing.”
Flynn said his department is working hard to address misconduct and focusing on three main fronts.
"Did we supervise them appropriately? Did we train them appropriately? And when they engaged in wrongdoing, did we do the right thing?" Flynn said.
To that end, the department created a Risk Management Bureau in 2013 that focuses on training as well as regular officer evaluations to identify problems in their early stages.
One area of improvement is that Internal Affairs data is now available to supervisors and captains, said Inspector Terrance Gordon, who heads the bureau.
"That was a significant area of risk because once upon a time, a captain could have a problem employee and not know it," Gordon said. "Those records were kept confidential."
The department now analyzes every use of force complaint, Gordon said, and officers who receive too many are flagged for intervention, usually a discussion with a supervisor. That conversation makes officers aware of a problem and puts them on notice they are being watched – and it's often enough for those officers to decline their use of force, he said.
The department received 152 citizen complaints last year, a 48% drop compared to the seven-year average of 291, and the frequency of officers' use-of-force has declined every year since 2013, according to the Police Department's 2016 annual report.
Critics of the department have argued complaints have declined because people don't understand the process or because they don't believe a complaint will lead to a fair resolution.
Most of the officers who were sued in the most recent set of misconduct settlements had not gone through all of the training Gordon outlined. That's because most of the events leading to the lawsuits settled in 2015 through 2017 occurred before the Risk Management Bureau was created, officials said.
“The things that we have in place now hopefully will identify those officers a lot sooner than we had been able to do in the past,” Gordon said.
Several council members are pushing for more accountability and monitoring of how the department addresses risk from the city attorney's office and the Fire and Police Commission, the civilian oversight board.
One of them is Ald. Milele Coggs, who chairs the Finance and Personnel Committee, who said lawsuits and attorney's fees shouldn't be the city's only concern.
The council also needs to focus on "the damage that it does to citizens along the way," she said.
Journal Sentinel reporters Gina Barton and Mary Spicuzza contributed to this report.
Read or Share this story: https://jsonl.in/2yJso2F
WHO SAYS MONEY can't buy happiness? According to the ESPN The Magazine/Sportingintelligence Global Salary Survey, the 2013 Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks spent an average of $2.3 million per player last season, the second-highest total in the NFL. Though the franchise spent more per player than 30 other NFL teams, it ranked No. 116 overall, behind all 30 NBA teams, all but two major league baseball clubs and 13 of 20 English Premier League squads.
"A lot of people think because the NFL has great ratings, the players must be the wealthiest," says Sportingintelligence editor Nick Harris. "A list like this over time shows the disconnect."
The NBA is the highest-paying league in the world, as roughly $2 billion was paid to 441 players, for an average salary of $4,522,283 per player. The 2013-14 Brooklyn Nets, thanks largely to Russian billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov's desire to build a contending team immediately, have the highest average payoll at $6.8 million per player, up from $5.5 million last season. The offseason acquisitions of Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce increased the overall team payroll from $82,726,245 to $102,211,009, a jump from No. 16 to No. 6 on the overall list. The larger payroll is costing Prokhorov more than $80 million in luxury taxes alone.
Other notable items in the survey include Serie A behemoth A.C. Milan's dropping 21 spots, from No. 6 to No. 27. A.C. Milan's team payroll declined from $177,909,000 in 2011-12 to $155,928,000 in 2012-13. Back in the NBA, the Los Angeles Lakers fell from No. 7 to No. 19 in team payroll, due in large part to the departures of Dwight Howard and Metta World Peace, whose combined salary was $26.8 million.
In addition to the yearly salary data, Harris compiled a list of 198 teams that are ranked by the total salary an average player made over the past five seasons. Of these 198 teams, 49 had an average player who has earned $20 million or more since 2009. La Liga's Barcelona tops this list with an average five-year spend of $37,975,600 per player. Real Madrid comes in at No. 2 at $37 million, followed by the New York Yankees' $35.8 million, Manchester City's $31.7 million and Chelsea's $31 million to complete the top five. Over the span, the Lakers were the NBA's highest-paying club, coming in at No. 7 overall, having spent $29,883,100 on the average player over the past five years. The NFL's highest-paid team, the Dallas Cowboys, doesn't land until No. 93, and the average Cowboy was paid $11.8 million over the five years.
The results of the survey reveal the spending trends of 294 teams in 15 leagues in seven sports across the globe. The total wages of the 8,663 athletes surveyed amounted to $16.15 billion. Figures exclude endorsements, appearance fees and sponsorships and have been converted to U.S. dollars. The lists include money paid in salaries to players who form the "first-team squad" or active roster across a season. Salaries for the survey are taken from the following years:
MLB, MLS: 2014
NBA, NHL: 2013-14
NFL, CSL (Chinese Super League, soccer), NPB (Nippon Professional Baseball), AFL (Australian Football League) and CFL (Canadian Football League): 2013
EPL, La Liga, Serie A, Bundesliga and SPL: 2012-13
IPL (Indian Premier League, cricket): Annual pay extrapolated from 2013 tournament
See more about the methodology here.
Editor's note: A different methodology was used for the nine IPL clubs on the list. Those clubs -- Mumbai Indians, Kolkata Knight Riders, Royal Challengers Bangalore, Delhi Daredevils, Chennai Super Kings, Pune Warriors, Sunrisers Hyderabad, Kings XI Punjab, Rajasthan Royals -- play a six-week season. Because the season is so short, Harris derives their placement by determining the amount a team pays out on a weekly basis and then multiples that figure by 52 weeks. Therefore, the average annual pay for these nine IPL clubs is not an amount of money that the club actually pays, but a reflection of what they would pay out to their players if the IPL had more of a year-round season.
PrimeNG 1.0.0-beta.10 Released
PrimeTek is pleased to announce the new beta for PrimeNG, the open source rich UI component suite for Angular2.
Templating Changes
Components having support for custom templates such as dropdown, autocomplete, datalist have changed the way they handle templates. Instead of requiring a wrapper element, they only need the content itself.
<p:dropdown> <template let-option> <li> {{option.label}} </li> </template> </p:dropdown> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 <p:dropdown> <template let - option > <li> {{option.label}} </li> </template> </p:dropdown>
becomes;
<p:dropdown> <template let-option> {{option.label}} </template> </p:dropdown> 1 2 3 4 5 <p:dropdown> <template let - option > {{option.label}} </template> </p:dropdown>
Having the repeating the element in the context of PrimeNG component is a major improvement, instead of accessing the dom directly we can now do things more in the way of angular and many reported issues have been fixed as a result. The components having this change are;
Dropdown
AutoComplete
Listbox
DataList
DataScroller
Carousel
PickList
OrderList
Full Changelog
Roadmap
We are now initiating the intense development mode for PrimeNG and will do a new release every week. To begin with, we'll work on the github issues and pull requests followed by new components such as fileupload and spreadsheet. New layouts including Icarus and Omega will be ported from PrimeFaces as well. No major breaking changes are expected as APIs are quite stable as of beta10.
PrimeNG has been a success so far with increasing number of PrimeNG PRO users and premium layout-theme purchases, as a result PrimeTek has decided invest even more to the PrimeNG.
Kasthuri Munirathinam's family said her arm was chopped off by her employer.
Riyadh police on Friday said that an Indian woman lost her arm due to a fall from a building and not because of an attack by her Saudi employer as was reported in India and elsewhere.According to media reports earlier this month, Kasthuri Munirathinam, 58, was allegedly attacked by her employer, for whom she worked as a domestic help.The incident was widely condemned including by India's External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj."Chopping of hand of Indian lady - we are very much disturbed over the brutal manner in which Indian lady has been treated in Saudi Arabia," the minister tweeted.In a statement, Riyadh police said the woman made a rope ladder out of cloth in order to escape from the window of her employer's apartment on the third floor of the building.However, she lost her balance and fell down, hitting the edge of an electricity generator located in the lower part of the house. This resulted in her arm being severed, police said.Kasthuri arrived in Saudi Arabia nearly two months ago. She was "suffering from mental disturbances" and therefore tried to flee the employer's house, the statement added. The spokesman rejected "false and differing reports" in various media outlets about the woman, stressing that all people in Saudi Arabia are equal and enjoy all their rights guaranteed by the law.
Image caption Finance Minister Michael Noonan is expected to announce funding to increase the number of teachers and a package of measures to encourage house-building
Ireland's finance minister is due to deliver the country's first non-austerity budget in seven years.
Tax rises and spending cuts of about 30bn euros (£23.7bn) been had imposed since 2007 in response to the country's financial crisis.
However, a strong economic performance over the last year means no further austerity measures will be introduced.
It is widely expected that the top rate of income tax - 41% on earnings over 32,800 euros (£25,958) - will be cut.
The Irish government is also expected to announce it will phase out the controversial "Double Irish" tax loophole.
It has allowed large multinationals like Facebook to legally shift huge profits from Ireland to countries that are considered tax havens.
It works by allowing one Irish registered subsidiary to make payments, for using intellectual property, to another subsidiary which is tax resident in a country like Bermuda or the Cayman Islands.
Ireland has used its tax advantages as a major selling point for multinationals, so it is expected that measures to compensate for the closure of this loophole will be introduced.
These are likely to include a "patent box" regime similar to the one operating in the UK.
This is a reduced level of corporation tax on profits attributed to patents and similar types of intellectual property.
Finance Minister Michael Noonan is also expected to announce funding to increase the number of teachers and a package of measures to encourage house-building.
Mr Noonan is presiding over the fasting growing Eurozone economy. He expects growth of 4.5% this year, a forecast thought conservative by some commentators.
Image copyright Ciaran McCauley Image caption Thousands of people protested against water charges in Dublin on Saturday afternoon.
However, unemployment remains high at just over 11% and many people feel they are not sharing in the recovery.
The introduction of water charges, which was a condition of the country's EU/IMF bailout, is hugely unpopular.
An anti-water charges rally in Dublin on Saturday was one of the biggest protests the city has seen in years.
A Trotskyite candidate standing on an anti-water charges platform was also the surprise winner of a by-election to the country's parliament on Saturday.
On Oct. 27, police used armored vehicles and assault rifles during the arrests of more than 140 demonstrators in Cannonball, N.D. (Photo by Unicorn Riot )
The armored vehicles used during mass arrests of water protectors last week likely came from a controversial Defense Department program.
Widely circulated images showed police using rifles and armored vehicles to confront protesters in Ferguson, Miss. following the killing of Black teenager Michael Brown. Now, local police are employing similar gear against the resistance movement led by the Standing Rock Sioux.
Last Thursday, hundreds of police and sheriff's deputies from eight states moved in to break up an encampment of demonstrators seeking to block construction of the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline near Cannonball, N.D. Hours of livestream and images from the scene show police officers driving massive armored vehicles and brandishing assault rifles. They also used pepper spray, rubber bullets and Tasers on demonstrators and pursued them in ATVs.
By the end of the day, more than 141 people had been arrested. They later reported being locked up in what appeared to be dog kennels. “It goes back to concentration camp days,” Mekasi Camp-Horinek, a Ponca tribe member who was among those detained, told the Los Angeles Times.
Following the incident, Standing Rock Tribal Chairman David Archambault II called for the Justice Department to investigate police tactics. The demonstrators, who frequently refer to themselves as “water protectors,” have for weeks accused the Obama administration of standing by while local police and private security intimidate and attack them.
That's not the only way the federal government may be enabling the crackdown. Police likely obtained much of the heavy equipment used to remove protesters through a Department of Defense (DOD) program that ships surplus military gear to local law enforcement departments nationwide.
The controversial system of military transfers, known as the 1033 program, has previously been scrutinized in conjunction with aggressive policing of Black Lives Matter demonstrations. In 2014, widely circulated images showed police using rifles and armored vehicles to confront protesters in Ferguson, Miss. following the killing of Black teenager Michael Brown, raising concerns about growing police militarization. In addition to the 1033 program, federal government agencies including the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security provide support to local law enforcement through grants or excess equipment transfers. Police departments can also use their own funding to buy equipment directly from manufacturers, though the hefty price tag for items like armored vehicles often precludes this.
Now, local police are employing similar gear against the resistance movement led by the Standing Rock Sioux and other Native nations and tribes. According to In These Times' review of available data, the sheriff's department in Morton County, N.D., which is coordinating law enforcement efforts against demonstrators, has received $300,000 worth of Pentagon hardware since 2006. Data from the DOD's Defense Logistics Agency, which manages the 1033 program, shows that the sheriff's office has received a Humvee, 19 assault rifles and a vehicle called a “tracked excavator,” among other gear. At least 15 out-of-state agencies have travelled to North Dakota at the request of the Morton County sheriff, many of which have also been repeat recipients of military gear from the DOD.
As In These Times reported in September, the federal giveaways to local police have continued unabated in the last year, despite pledged reforms. Following a public outcry over militarized policing in the wake of Ferguson protests, President Obama announced changes to the program in May 2015, including a ban on the distribution of items such as grenade launchers and weaponized aircraft to police.
But critics charged that these changes were no more than window dressing, in part because most of the banned items were rarely handed out to police to begin with. Unless real reforms were made, they warned, police would be free to continue using military-grade equipment against demonstrators and vulnerable communities.
The chaotic scenes coming out of Standing Rock appear to validate this concern. The extent of the involvement of the North Dakota National Guard, which deployed alongside local police, was initially unclear. A public affairs specialist told In These Times that while all of the Humvees at the scene were the property of the Guard, the other equipment was not.
Among the other equipment in use during last week's mass arrests was a mine-resistant armor-protected vehicle (MRAP), which In These Times confirmed is the property of the sheriff's department in Stutsman County, N.D. According to DLA data, Stutsman County received this vehicle through the 1033 program in 2013, when it was valued at $658,000.
MRAPs are 15-ton vehicles originally designed to withstand roadside bombs in warzones. As of September, at least 84 police departments had received surplus armored vehicles from the DOD this year. More than 100 other departments have been approved and are waiting to receive MRAPs, even though they are on a list of “controlled” items that law enforcement agencies must take special measures to receive.
Tara Houska, an activist affiliated with the Native environmental justice group Honor the Earth, was in the crowd last Thursday and says that militarized policing aggravated an already tense situation. “Directly across from us there was a police officer sitting on top of the MRAP with his gun trained right at us the entire time,” she recalls. Mounted on the MRAP was a long-range acoustical device (LRAD), a sound canon that can cause long-term hearing loss.
Stutsman County sent personnel and equipment, including the MRAP, to Standing Rock in late September as part of a call for assistance made through an interstate agreement called the Emergency Management Assistance Compact. Law enforcement agencies from seven states responded by sending their personnel and equipment. Some of them stayed for up to two weeks, with North Dakota taxpayers footing the bill for all associated costs, including overtime, food and lodging. That bill totaled $6 million, and the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services is now requesting an additional $4 million in order to continue the police operation.
A spokesperson at the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services told In These Times that at least 15 out-of-state agencies have sent assistance to the protest site, including the Wyoming State Patrol, the sheriff's office in Hennepin County, Minn. and the Nebraska Highway Patrol. Data shows that many of these agencies have received substantial quantities of gear through the Pentagon's giveaway program.
That includes the South Dakota Highway Patrol, which sent troopers to North Dakota for two weeks. The patrol is one of the 1033 program's biggest beneficiaries in the Midwest. Since 2006, it has received more than $2 million worth of military gear, including dozens of assault rifles, five armored vehicles—including an MRAP—two bomb disposal robots, a pair of helicopters and more. In an email to In These Times, a public information officer for the South Dakota Department of Public Safety said he could not confirm whether any of this specific equipment was used by South Dakota troopers who travelled to Standing Rock.
According to media reports, the Lake County Sheriff's Office in northwest Indiana also sent four deputies to North Dakota. The sheriff's department has obtained nearly $1.5 million worth of military gear since 2006, including three helicopters, two armored trucks and nearly 100 assault rifles and “riot-type shotguns.” The office did not respond to a query about whether these deputies brought any of this gear to Standing Rock. At least one Lake County deputy brought a rifle to North Dakota, because media reports note that he accidentally shot himself in the foot while preparing the weapon.
At least six other out-of-town law enforcement agencies involved in last week's arrests also received assault rifles through the 1033 program. They include the Pennington County sheriff's office in South Dakota, the Anoka County sheriff's office in Minnesota and the Griffith, Ind. police department.
Honor the Earth's Houska notes that many protesters are disturbed by the now-standard sight of “officers and Dakota access pipeline security folks carrying assault rifles.”
Nevertheless, Eryn Wise of the International Indigenous Youth Council tells In These Times that the water protectors will not be deterred: “Whatever they plan for us, whatever intimidation tactics they plan to use, we're going to be here with our feet on the ground and our hands to the sky protecting the earth.”
Editor's note: This article has been updated to clarify that police departments can obtain grants or excess equipment through several federal agencies, in addition to the 1033 program.
Four Christians have been beaten up in Berlin, Germany's capital city, in the early hours of Saturday morning.
German media reports that four men were leaving the Adagio venue in the bustling Potzdamer Platz area when they were challenged by a man who exclaimed: “I am a Muslim! What are you?” before setting upon the four 20-somethings. He was reportedly assisted by four, older accomplices.
Police are now investigating the incident as a politically motivated attack, and at least five people are thought to have been injured in the melee, including one passer by who tried to settle the dispute.
The injured apparently refused medical treatment, and police records indicated they were from Serbia and Montenegro, and are Orthodox Christians.
According to the Tagespiegel newspaper, the venue in the heart of Berlin was hosting a “Balkan Party” in the evening on Christmas Day.
The assailants fled the scene before police arrived, and there have been no reports yet as to their whereabouts.
In an amazing coincidence, Search giant Google offers up €150 million euro and more to "help" European media outlets become more sustainable.. this in advance of a major EU anti-trust case...
Just in time for the European Union's anti-trust case against search giant Google, the Mountain View company announced a groundbreaking (trust cohesive) media “assistance” program worth €150 million euros. According to Germany's Zeit (THE TIME), Google aims to put in place a so-called “Digital News Initiative” to work hand-in-hand with publishers Zeit, and 7 other major European news players.
The report from Zeit goes on to spell out just how Google will work with the German political magazine and others to create a more “sustainable model” for developing news. Zeit, along with the Financial Times, the Guardian, Les Echos in France, El Pais in Spain, and the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung are the core of an Initiative Committee of eight founding members of the new Google News cadre, cohort, cartel, shoot!... group I mean. However Google and these founders frame the announcement, sane individuals have to asking; "Are you serious?”
Zeit Online - Google News mashup - Google making controversial moves in the influence space
€150 million euro. That's €18.75 million euro each if my math is correct. Where Zeit is concerned, I guess Germany's most influential online mouthpiece can now “develop in the right way?” My question is How? How should these media outlets adjust their output, their infrastructure, their monetization and business plans to be more sustainable? From my perspective Google has solved the problem with their bank card – instantly! Just do and say what we want, and we give money! Or am I wrong?
Sure Google has done a lot to further technology and business online over the years, but how is another high tech Google News innovation coming out of all this? Or is Google simply that worried about this anti-trust thing? Certainly the 19 companies that filed complaints with the EU must have taken note of the “revolutionary” way in which Google is attempting to upscale European news. Honestly now, does Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager have wind of this latest competition sustainability windfall?
An EU Commission infographic depicting how Google "might" be favoring Google
Of interest to Russia's search giant Yandex, this Android competitiveness aspect will certainly play a role in its suit against Google on grounds the US company played unfairly in mobile. Now I am wondering if the complaining companies might want to ante up, Uh… bribe their own, Eh… make media companies offers they cannot afford to refuse? Excuse me, I mean that maybe Yandex or the others can “help” media companies not supported in Google's new matrix of excellence to compete? I mean if Google can buy, Uh… help build a new media template for Zeit, surely EU competitive rules can ensure everybody has a fair shot at some easy media money?
Since we've arrived at this uneasy juncture of journalistic sustainability, here's my mashup of how "MAYBE" Zeit Editor Giovanni di Lorenzo could be eye-balling bags and bags of euros from Google's Larry Page - MAYBE
What do you think of Google's new initiative to ensure Europe gets the news right?
OAuth2 is easy - illustrated in 50 lines of Clojure
July 30, 2015
I have recently released a product that uses OAuth2 in a way that is somewhat off the beaten path. Besides, it's written in Clojure. After a weekend of hunting for a working library, I had a revelation - which I'm happy to share - that OAuth2 is super easy to understand and to support without any third-party libraries.
State of OAuth2 in Clojure
A quick search for oauth2 in Clojars finds a formidable number of libraries, starting with the legit sounding clj-oauth2. Unfortunately, it hasn't been updated in three years, has a dozen forks and, of course, it's hard to choose one that works. The other libraries didn't work for my providers (Automatic and Fitbit), either. (Clojars is a bit inconvenient, but that is another topic.)
Then there's the Scribe Java library which has stellar OAuth 1 support and, formally, supports OAuth2, but I had to hack around to support the aforementioned providers and even the official wiki says that OAuth2 isn't a priority for Scribe.
OAuth2 explained in 50 lines of code
OAuth 1 is a complicated protocol, mostly because of the request signing. Implementing an OAuth 1 client is far from trivial.
OAuth2, on the other hand, relies upon HTTPS: all API requests, including authentication, always go over HTTPS. As HTTPS already verifies the server and provides a secure, encrypted connection, the only thing remaining to do is user identification.
Here is a full annotated implementation of OAuth2 authorization for Fitbit.
There are some settings that specify every OAuth2 client: the API client key and secret, URIs, and authentication scope. Scope is the set of permissions your app needs. ( def oauth2-params { :client-id ( System/getenv "FITBIT_CLIENT_ID" ) :client-secret ( System/getenv "FITBIT_CLIENT_SECRET" ) :authorize-uri "https://www.fitbit.com/oauth2/authorize" :redirect-uri ( str ( System/getenv "APP_HOST" ) "/connect/fitbit/success" ) :access-token-uri "https://api.fitbit.com/oauth2/token" :scope "activity profile" }) To authorize, you redirect the user to the sign in / grant page. It can be a simple redirect to a constant URL, but ideally you should include a CSRF token (called “state”) and check it upon redirect. ( defn authorize-uri [ client-params csrf-token ] ( str ( :authorize-uri client-params ) "?response_type=code" "&client_id=" ( url-encode ( :client-id client-params )) "&redirect_uri=" ( url-encode ( :redirect-uri client-params )) "&scope=" ( url-encode ( :scope client-params )) "&state=" ( url-encode csrf-token ))) After the user signs in to the provider server, and grants your application access, he is redirected back to your application with a unique code in a GET parameter. To avoid GETting the code into wrong hands, the redirect URL is explicitly predefined in the application settings rather than in the authentication request. Ideally your redirect page should also use HTTPS, and some providers require it so. The application checks the CSRF token, and then sends the code, along with the application token and secret, through a back channel to the provider server, and receives an access token and usually a refresh token. None of the parameters are hashed or encrypted because, again, we are using HTTPS. ( defn get-authentication-response [ csrf-token response-params ] ( if ( = csrf-token ( :state response-params )) ( try ( -> ( http/post ( :access-token-uri oauth2-params ) { :form-params { :code ( :code response-params ) :grant_type "authorization_code" :client_id ( :client-id oauth2-params ) :redirect_uri ( :redirect-uri oauth2-params )} :basic-auth [( :client-id oauth2-params ) ( :client-secret oauth2-params )] :as :json }) :body ) ( catch Exception _ nil )) nil )) Once you have the “access token”, you send it as a client identifier in API requests. You don't have to sign the request or hash anything - it's just a GET parameter or an HTTP header - in plain text, again, thanks to HTTPS. In clj-http, the ability to send a token header is built in. ( defn get-user-info "User info API call" [ access-token ] ( let [ url ( str api-base "/1/user/-/profile.json" )] ( -> ( http/get url { :oauth-token access-token , :as :json }) :body :user )))) Because the access token could be exposed, e.g. on a browser-based application page, it is customarily short lived. This is why you also have a “refresh token” which is more closely kept, and is only used to request a new access token from the provider when the current access token expires. With some providers, you receive a new refresh token every time as well. ( defn get-fresh-tokens "Returns current token pair if they have not expired, or a refreshed token pair otherwise" [ access-token refresh-token ] ( try+ ( and ( get-user-info access-token ) [ access-token refresh-token ]) ( catch [ :status 401 ] _ ( refresh-tokens refresh-token )))) ( defn- refresh-tokens "Request a new token pair" [ refresh-token ] ( try+ ( let [{{ access-token :access_token refresh-token :refresh_token } :body } ( http/post ( :access-token-uri oauth2-params ) { :form-params { :grant_type "refresh_token" :refresh_token refresh-token } :basic-auth [( :client-id oauth2-params ) ( :client-secret oauth2-params )] :as :json })] [ access-token refresh-token ]) ( catch [ :status 401 ] _ nil )))
The problem with OAuth2
The problem with OAuth2 is that it's more of a set of guidelines than a rigid protocol. Thusly, different vendors have subtle differences that make implementing a generic OAuth2 client complicated and rife with options and configurations.
However, making a specific OAuth2 client takes less than 50 lines of code, with hash and crypto functions nowhere to be seen. Truly a breath of fresh air in the age of complicated authentication libraries.
Liked the post? Help me write the next one
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
UPDATE: I should have made clear that to get a subpoena to force her to come in and be questioned a federal grand jury needs to be empaneled. That requires a decision by the Justice Department to empanel a Grand Jury, a decision I can only assume would, in a case of this magnitude, one that is so politically charged, be bumped up to at least the Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, who may very well pass the buck to the President. The FBI may still be able to recommend an indictment and the DOJ might still indict Clinton using a grand jury, absent an interview with her, but I doubt they would take that step. They would want to question her first, just to cover all their bases in such a high profile case. Thus, this refusal to grant an interview is a power play move by Clinton. You want to talk to me, she is saying, then get a subpoena. You want a subpoena, empanel a Federal Grand Jury. It's leads to the proverbial question: What are you, Justice Department, prepared to do to get Clinton? How far are you willing to take this?
This is the same reason Clinton - through the State Department - is seeking to squash any deposition of her in the Judicial Watch lawsuit, as that would, again, be under oath, and whatever she says could be used as grounds to indict her.
# # #
It may appear incomprehensible to some why Hillary Clinton would have her lawyer send a message to the FBI yesterday that the agency will have to effectively obtain a subpoena to question her with respect to the ongoing investigations regarding her private email server, etc. But when you dig a little deeper, one starts to discover a pattern as to why now, after months of pledging full cooperation, she has decided to play hardball with James Comey, the FBI Director and the Justice Department. Let's begin with this report by David Shuster on Al Jazeera America on March 30th (video and transcript posted at Mediaite), two months before his tweet last night:
The FBI, led by Director James Comey, has now finished examining Clinton's private emails and home server. And the sources add that Comey's FBI team has been joined by the Justice Department prosecutors. Together, they are now examining the evidence, analyzing relevant laws, and attempting to arrange interviews with key figures in the investigation. Those interviews, according to attorneys, will include former State Department aides Philippe Reines, Former Clinton Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills, and Clinton herself. Soon after those interviews — in the next few days and weeks — officials expect Director Comey to make his recommendation to Attorney General Loretta Lynch about potential criminal charges.
So, months ago, before Shuster tweeted that Hillary's lawyer, David Kendall, made it clear Clinton would not cooperate with the FBI, his sources were telling him that the FBI's investigation was nearing completion and that Justice Department prosecutors were working with Director Comey and his agents. All they needed to do interview two of Hillary's aides, and Hillary herself. If Clinton truly was unconcerned about the result of this investigation and wanted to end the cloud hanging over her that it had created, she should have been more than willing to speak to the FBI as soon as possible. Instead, she chose the path of resistance. That doesn't square with her many public proclamations that she would cooperate and that the concerns regarding the use of a private server in her own home to manage her email use while Secretary of State was all a big to-do about nothing.
However, there were quite a few indications prior to last night that the Clinton camp was taking this matter far more seriously than they portrayed publicly. For example, we now know that Cheryl Mills, Clinton's former Chief of Staff, raised the attorney client privilege to avoid answering numerous questions during her deposition in the Judicial Watch civil lawsuit held last Friday. As has been reported, Mills raised that privilege to refuse to answer a number of questions by the attorneys for Judicial Watch and otherwise gave vague and incomplete responses (i.e., "I cannot remember" or "I have no recollection," etc.) to those questions she did answer in what has been described as a "contentious deposition." Excerpts from her deposition transcript can be found at The New York Times.
Now recall that Mills was designated by Hillary Clinton to decide which of her emails to turn over to the State Department months after Clinton left office, and which of them Clinton could retain as not having any connection to her official duties (the 30,00m plus "private" emails Clinton deleted shortly thereafter). This is the time frame when Mills claim she began acting as Hillary Clinton's legal counsel:
“I began representing the Secretary, when she departed from the department, on a number of matters,” Ms. Mills said about her legal work for the former secretary of state. Ms. Mills represented Mrs. Clinton on the matter of what emails got ultimately turned over to the government after Mrs. Clinton left office—a key issue in the Judicial Watch lawsuit. [...] In her testimony, Ms. Mills declined to elaborate on how and why the server was set up, saying that was information she learned while representing Mrs. Clinton as her attorney. Legal ethics rules forbid attorneys from disclosing certain information about their clients, a privilege often protected in state and federal law. “The knowledge that I have has come through my representation of her as counsel,” Ms. Mills said.
Now recall that Mills walked out of her interview with the FBI earlier in May when she asserted the very same attorney client privilege to refuse to answer certain questions, as reported in The Washington Post on May 10th. The Post's story paints her actions in as positive light as they can, referring to Mills as a cooperative witness. That report further blames the FBI agent for Mills abrupt exit from the interview room, going so far as to state that, according to unnamed law enforcement officials, "[Justice Department] prosecutors were somewhat taken aback that their FBI colleague had ventured beyond what was anticipated." Nonetheless, Mill's actions are consistent with a clear pattern by Clinton aides to hide knowledge regarding Clinton's emails, and whenever possible refuse to answer questions in the various investigations and lawsuits that have focused on the Clinton's private, unauthorized email server and Clinton's use of it to conduct official State Department business.
Also recall that several of Hillary's top aides, "Cheryl Mills, Deputy Chief Jake Sullivan, Mills' deputy Heather Samuelson, and Clinton spokesman Philippe Reines," hired the same attorney to represent them, an unusual development. As Jonathan Turley, renowned law professor, scholar and lawyer, noted, using a single attorney to represent all four of Hillary's aides was an odd choice by them as potential targets of a criminal investigation, unless they were doing so to present a united front to protect their boss, the former Secretary of State.
The joint representation is an extremely important development, which is likely to reassure Clinton's personal counsel. It is however a curious choice for the individual clients in an investigation that covers a large number of emails and actions over a long period of time. They could have serious potential conflicts of interest in the mishandling of classified evidence or the circumvention of security protocols and rules. There is little reason why all four would prefer the same counsel unless they wanted to present a uniform account. Generally, it is clearly to a person's advantage to have a single lawyer who is solely and exclusively pursuing your own interest. Moreover, there is little question that the Clinton campaign would prefer key witnesses to be represented jointly. [empahsis added]
And then of course, we know that none of Hillary's top aides, nor Secretary Clinton herself, spoke to, or cooperated in any way with, the Office of the Inspector General for the State Department in its independent review, as detailed in the OIG report (scroll down to bottom of page to see the text of the complete report) issued last week. Suffice it to say that everything that could be done by Secretary Clinton and her top advisers and staff to stall these multiple investigations - those being conducted by the FBI, the Judicial Watch FOIA civil lawsuit, and the Inspector General's investigation - has been done.
Thus, for months all the signs have indicated that, despite Hillary's repeated claims she would fully cooperate with the FBI, and further, her many statements that she violated no laws, civil or criminal, was pure political theater meant to deceive a gullible media and the public at large. No doubt, these delaying actions were taken in the hope that Obama's Justice Department would call off its "FBI dogs" and end or suspend the agency's multiple investigations. Certainly, Bernie Sanders' refusal to make an issue over her "damn emails" and the media obsession with whatever preposterous thing Donald Trump said or did on a daily basis worked to her advantage. However, because the the FBI investigation was not suspended, and the time to avoid "cooperating fully" with the FBI investigation is running out (i.e., Secretary Clinton and her remaining top aides agreeing to interviews by Federal agents), we are seeing that her goal all along was to stonewall this scandal.
And the spinning still continues. Here is what Turley had to say about his appearance on the Diane Rehm Show on NPR only hours before Shuster's tweet that revealed the Hillary's lawyer basically indicated the FBI will have to get a subpoena in order to interview Secretary Clinton to complete its investigation:
I was on NPR yesterday on the Diane Rehm Show to discuss the Clinton email scandal. Appearing on the show was Brian Fallon, spokesperson for Hillary Clinton, who offered a new and rather implausible spin on the worsening scandal. Fallon said that Clinton was relying on her knowledge that Colin Powell used a personal email account as the reason that she thought her server was approved. [...] As I noted at the time, this is a new explanation. After the report said uncategorically that Clinton never asked for approval and would never have received approval for her unsecure personal server, she has switched from claiming that her server was “allowed” to she “believed it was allowed.” First, this does not square with repeated concerns raised by security staff that were dismissed by Clinton aides. Second, it does not square with policies signed by Clinton herself telling people not to use personal email for State Department business. Finally, it does not square with the fact that Clinton resisted turning over her phone to go into secure areas and was repeatedly seen using the device in secure area (a major breach of security). However, the biggest problem is that the new spin suggested that Clinton knew that Powell had used personal email years before her tenure. That seems highly dubious. Indeed, Clinton only started discussing the Powell emails after a disclosure from the State department that it found two classified emails had been sent by Powell (emails retroactively identified as classified). Now the campaign is claiming that Clinton knew the details of Powell's email system (in the early days of email use) and was relying on that knowledge.
Before Shuster learned that David Kendall, Hillary's lawyer, essentially told the FBI to shove their request for a Clinton interview where the sun don't shine, this is what he said on air about where the FBI investigation into Clinton stood:
[T]here is now every sign the Clinton email investigation is quickly headed towards a conclusion, whether it's her exoneration or indictment. In terms of timing, sources expect the conclusion to come in weeks, not months. And they add that Hillary Clinton's interview with the FBI, which could come in days, could be crucial.”
Well, it now appears that Hillary is not operating on the same timetable as the FBI. Instead of acting to help the FBI conclude this matter as expeditiously as possible, she has chosen to delay the investigation as long as possible. Remember all those stories that stated an indictment of Hilary was considered highly unlikely, and that "investigators have found scant evidence tying Clinton to criminal wrongdoing?"
I guess the Clinton campaign, and her own legal team is not as sanguine in their assessment of potential criminal charges being brought against her as they have publicly led us to believe. Otherwise, why put off an interview that would bring this matter to a conclusion prior to the Democratic Convention? Why force the FBI's hand to seek a subpoena? Does Clinton expect that President Obama and/or Attorney General Lynch will refuse to authorize the FBI from obtaining a subpoena to force an interview, despite the President's public "guarantee that [he exerts] no political influence in any investigation conducted by the Justice Department or the FBI," because nobody "gets treated differently when it comes to the Justice Department, because nobody is above the law," or is this a brazen attempt by Hillary to force the administration to back off because she has, after all, already won the nomination?
One can only speculate, but it seems clear that Hillary Clinton is is much deeper legal and political trouble than she has claimed repeatedly on the campaign trail. To go from saying you will fully cooperate with a criminal investigation in which you are the primary target, to taking measures to delay the completion of that investigation, if not actively pressure the President and/or the Attorney General to shut it down, goes far beyond anything we have ever seen before in the modern history of U.S. presidential elections.
Lawyers for two young men in South Carolina say their clients were arrested by Richland County police and charged with marijuana possession—but that the cops only seemed interested in asking them about Michael Phelps.
Attorneys Joseph McCulloch and Dick Harpootlian seemed to confirm yesterday's report that Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott was targeting people connected to the infamous bong that was briefly held by the Olympics' greatest champion. But it also seems that he's not doing it just to punish these no-good punks—he's actually trying to build a case against Phelps himself.
Advertisement
Michael Phelps: Narc? The lamest party in South Carolina history continues to claim victims, months after the last ping… Read more Read
The two clients in question were renters at the house where the party took place, but were not actually at the party (what a drag!) and don't even live there anymore. Police issued a search warrant on their new home and then accused them of having marijuana there. (That's some great police work, boys.)
"After they arrested him, they didn't ask him, 'Where did you get the marijuana?' or 'Who sold it to you?' Almost all the questions they asked him were about Michael Phelps," Harpootlian said.
Advertisement
So far, however, it looks like no one is singing....
McCulloch, who said his client was out of town at the time, doubted that anything they told police would assist them in the case against Phelps. "Our clients answered questions but I don't know that their information would be helpful to law enforcement," McCulloch said. "It seems to me that Richland County has a host of its own crime problems much more serious than a kid featured in a photograph with a bong in his hand."
Advertisement
Actually, they do! According to the Sheriff's Department website there are 22 unsolved murders since 1996 (the year Sheriff Lott was elected) along with many other "undesirables" that appear to be on the loose. I don't see Michael Phelps' picture on the Most Wanted List, but maybe they just want to make him feel comfortable. You know, see if he tries to re-enter his life in South Carolina. That's when they make their move....
Attorneys say arrests made in Michael Phelps party case [USA Today]
A Bigger A-Hole than A-Rod* [Fenway West]
Holiday Parade (band at the party) interview [Idobi Radio]
China's central bank takes a step closer to creating a nationally recognized digital currency.
The People's Bank of China (PBOC) has reportedly been taking steps to develop a digital currency of its own. In 2014, China assembled a research team to study digital currencies and application scenarios by collaborating with experts from Citigroup Inc. and Deloitte LLP.
Although the team did not specify what technology the PBOC would use to issue digital currency, or how it would work in relation to the yuan, a later 2016 research paper did outline ways that a national digital currency could work:
The PBOC would create and transfer cryptocurrency to a commercial bank when more liquidity is needed
Using modified ATMs or bank tellers, the consumer would refill the digital currency that is stored in an e-wallet, mobile phone, or other device
For purchases, consumers would wire cryptocurrency from their personal wallet to a merchant's account
Merchants would then deposit cryptocurrency payments into their respective commercial bank accounts
Chinese consumers are already well-versed in executing transactions with their mobile devices through payment services such as Alipay or WeChat. Soft drink purchases can even be made from vending machines by scanning QR codes with smartphone applications that are linked to bank accounts. For merchants or private sellers, digital payments would be sent peer-to-peer, lowering transaction costs and cutting out middlemen like banks and third party brokers.
According to Bloomberg, the PBOC has initiated trial runs of its prototype cryptocurrency, in a steady advancement towards becoming one of the first major banks to issue digital money. While this move by the central back seems encouraging to some digital currency enthusiasts, the PBOC has also increased scrutiny of bitcoin, causing two of China's most popular exchanges (OKCoin and Huobi) to suspend bitcoin and litecoin withdrawals. This move that took place in early February 2017 was enacted by the PBOC as way to address money laundering, market manipulation, and capital flight (the transferring of Chinese money out of the country).
According to vice president of Beijing-based OKCoin, Duan Xinxing:
"Getting to know more precisely how many banks lend, where the money goes and the pace of credit creation is key to curbing money laundering and making monetary policy more effective.”
Other benefits of a digital currency include the reduction of costs associated with printing money, minting coins, and combating paper note counterfeiters. In a country of 1.4 billion people, managing and circulating physical money can get very expensive. Using digital currency to supplement the cash in circulation can improve speed and convenience, while providing unprecedented transparency of transactions.
Because of these benefits and China's willingness to adopt new technology, a national digital currency seems like a natural transition for tech savvy consumers and businesses seeking to lower expenses.
Larry Cao, director of content at the CFA Institute in Hong Kong, said:
"Cutting costs is an obvious benefit, but the impact of shifting to blockchain-based digital money from the current payment structure goes beyond that. There's a potential you can pay anybody in the system, any bank, and any merchant directly. Blockchain will change the whole infrastructure. This is revolutionary."
It's unclear exactly how a national digital currency might change the roles of PBOC and other central banks, but many experts have been speculating. William Gee, a risk assurance practice partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers China in Beijing, has said:
“I won't say banks and payment companies will disappear, but their role would definitely change. They need to find their new role in the new payment ecosystem, and we will probably see some innovative business model in this sector.”
Benefits to Central Banks
Using blockchain technology will allow the PBOC to trace transactions and collect authentic data in real-time, which can be used to compile precise monetary indicators, such as money supply growth and consumer spending habits. This will eliminate dependence on monthly surveys of businesses and collations of spending from the statistic authority. Monetary policies could therefore be adjusted on a day-to-day or hourly basis, providing a level of precision to money management like never before.
Duan went on to say:
“The transparency of economic activities in every corner in the country will significantly improve. The Central bank will have unprecedented knowledge of how the economy runs.”
In addition to China, countries like India, Singapore, Canada, and Germany, have begun to weigh these benefits. Some are experimenting with their own prototype cryptocurrencies, such as Germany's Deutsche Bundesbank.
Working in Tandem
Regardless of which country becomes the first to nationalize digital money, strong evidence provided to the PBOC supports the notion that a national cryptocurrency will become a part of China's standard financial landscape, coexisting with outstanding paper tender but not replacing it entirely. It's still too early to determine the rate and extent of this shift.
"Talking about the impact of digital money now is like trying to predict how the Internet would transform lives in the 1980s," Duan said. "We know it's going to be huge. It has the potential to change the entire economic infrastructure. We're just not sure about when and how."
Mr. Ross, one of the most conservative members of Congress and an enthusiastic defender of Mr. Trump's, was called a liar by participants in his town hall in Clermont, Fla., about 20 miles west of Orlando. They held signs reading “Disagree,” “Nyet My President” and “No Pipeline.”
Elected in 2010 as part of the Tea Party wave that challenged the political establishment and fought to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Ross has embraced Mr. Trump's agenda, including securing the nation's borders.
A few supporters of Mr. Ross's walked out of his meeting, saying they were upset that the congressman was unable to talk without catcalls.
One protester tried to reason with the passionate crowd, urging people to let Mr. Ross speak and adding that if they were angry, the correct response was to vote.
“But in the meantime, let him talk so we can hold him accountable,” she added.
“This is democracy in action,” Mr. Ross said at one point. “There are a lot of people who want to participate in the dialogue. I only ask that you give them that respect and civility.”
But most of the people in the crowd wanted to be heard, loud and clear, on a litany of issues. One woman said she could not understand how Mr. Ross could oppose the presence of undocumented immigrants, given that the district was dependent on agriculture. “It's so detrimental to our identity as a state and to the economy,” she said before disappearing into the crowd.
A health worker takes the temperatures of U.S. Marines arriving to help combat the Ebola outbreak in Liberia. (John Moore/Getty Images)
Laurie Garrett is a senior fellow for global health at the Council on Foreign Relations. Her latest book is “I Heard the Sirens Scream: How Americans Responded to the 9/11 and Anthrax Attacks.”
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has reportedly claimed close to 4,000 lives, and World Health Organization officials believe the true death toll could be far higher. An international response — including U.S. military personnel, as well as assistance from several other countries and nongovernmental organizations — has begun, yet global concern about the virus is spreading. How worried should we be? What are the risks? Let's separate fact from fiction in this crisis.
1. Ebola won't spread in rich countries.
Until nurse Teresa Romero Ramos contracted Ebola in Madrid, the wealthy countries of Europe, North America and Asia seemed confident that the virus could be contained in advanced medical facilities. As Tom Frieden, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, put it after the first U.S. Ebola case was confirmed in Dallas: “We're stopping it in its tracks in this country.” Such assurances help calm people's nerves but may be overstated. No system of protection is 100 percent. The Spanish government has concluded that Ramos got infected as she was removing her protective suit, touching her face before disinfecting her hands.
Like Ebola, the SARS virus spreads in hospitals, primarily through physical contact with contaminated fluids. As SARS spread across Asia in 2003, some hospitals, including in Hong Kong, had large numbers of health workers infected, while nearby facilities with similar populations of SARS patients had no employee infections.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has reached the United States, as officials confirm one case in Dallas. Here's how U.S. health officials plan to stop the virus. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Hubris is the greatest danger in wealthy countries — a sort of smug assumption that advanced technologies and emergency-preparedness plans guarantee that Ebola and other germs will not spread. It was hubris that left Toronto's top hospitals battling SARS in 2003, long after the virus was conquered in poorer Vietnam. It was hubris that led the World Health Assembly in 2013 to cut the WHO's outbreak-response budget in favor of more programs to treat cancer and heart disease. And it is hubris that causes politicians to routinely slash public health budgets every time the microbes seem under control, only to cry out in desperation when a new epidemic appears.
2. Post-9/11 emergency preparedness has the United States ready to fight Ebola.
In the years after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, and the anthrax mailings to political and military targets, the George W. Bush administration ordered a massive overhaul of bioterrorism preparedness. From the CDC and Defense Department down to rural community clinics, doctors, nurses, hospitals and rapid-response teams went through drills imagining the arrival of pandemics or terrorist bioattacks. Routines were put in place that supposedly prepared every health department in America for the arrival of a highly contagious disease. Military and health agencies were given billions of dollars to create rapid diagnostics, vaccines and cures for highly pathogenic organisms. On every list of biological organisms of concern was Ebola. So it is reasonable to assume that billions of dollars and countless exercises later, the United States is prepared.
But most of the training — both military and civilian — imagined the biological equivalent of an attack, in which something evil is found; responders from police, fire and health departments swoop in wearing hazmat suits; and boom: The infected people are identified, isolated and treated, and the danger to the community is gone. Even in 2005, when the White House feared that a highly virulent pandemic strain of bird flu would sweep across America, preparedness plans focused on isolating a germ and its carriers the way a bomb or chemical weapon might be isolated and defused. Missing was preparation for a long haul of contagious patient treatment, with health workers repeatedly exposed to possible contamination.
Today, in the face of requests for help in West Africa, the answer from the U.S. Agency for International Development is: “There isn't an existing cadre of people who have experience in treating this epidemic.”
3. It could go airborne.
1 of 18 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Myths of 2014 View Photos Fact or fiction? A collection from Outlook's popular Five Myths series. Caption Fact or fiction? A collection from Outlook's popular Five Myths series. MYTH: Sanctions never work. “The most complete academic studies on the matter show that sanctions lead to concessions from the targeted government in one out of every three or four cases,” writes Daniel W. Drezner in “ Five myths about sanctions . “That is a far cry from never working.” Here, President Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel leave a joint news conference at the White House in May. The leaders discussed additional sanctions to punish Russia for its incursion into Ukraine. Charles Dharapak/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Yes, the virus is mutating — a recent paper in Science shows that more than 300 mutations have occurred. But what is now a virus that latches onto receptors outside endothelial cells lining the circulatory system won't change into one that can attach to the alveolar cells of the lungs. That's a genetic leap in the realm of science fiction.
Viruses mutate for two reasons: random error and natural selection. Random transformation from a virus solely adapted to infect cells that line blood vessels into one that can attach to entirely different classes of proteins found in the lungs borders on the impossible. Natural selection can overcome the impossible if great pressure is put on a viral population, forcing it to alter or die out. But in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, there is no such pressure on Ebola: The virus is spreading readily and infecting thousands of people without any need to change into a radically new form.
Far more realistic and perhaps equally worrisome is that the outer coat of the virus — the parts that are recognized by the human immune system and trigger production of antibodies and killer cells that devour viruses — might respond to immune system attack by mutating their outer proteins. If Ebola made such an adaptation, it might mean that people who have survived the disease could be reinfected, and vaccines now in the pipeline could prove ineffective.
4. Travel bans would keep Ebola from spreading in the United States.
The only evidence that any travel ban in the 21st century slowed down viral spread occurred right after the 9/11 attacks, when airports in the eastern United States were shut down for days, and few Americans traveled far from home for several weeks. Possibly as a result, the influenza season was delayed about two weeks in 2001. But the flu eventually came.
Many nations have banned flights from other countries in recent years in hopes of blocking the entry of viruses, including SARS and H1N1 “swine flu.” None of the bans were effective, and the viruses gained entry to populations regardless of what radical measures governments took to keep them out.
The days of Ellis and Angel islands screening out diseases effectively disappeared with the jet age.
5. A vaccine is around the corner.
There are several vaccine candidates in development right now, two of which recently got green lights from a special WHO scientific panel. That go-ahead means the potential vaccines are now being tested on human volunteers. If after a few weeks of such testing the vaccines are shown to cause no undue side effects, the next phase of trials will be carried out, probably in the epidemic countries, to see if the vaccines can protect people from the virus. If it's obvious in that phase that the vaccine is protecting people from Ebola, the products move to the final, and most difficult, phase — a clinical trial comparing vaccine vs. placebo in hundreds of people, also in the epidemic area.
The No. 1 question I hear privately from vaccine manufacturers regarding Ebola is: How will people dressed like space aliens in their protective gear get terrified, healthy people in Liberia or Sierra Leone to stand still for a poke in the arm?
At best, a vaccine might be ready for final testing by spring 2015 — and that question of trust will still remain.
outlook@washpost.com
Five myths is a weekly feature challenging everything you think you know. Check out previous myths here.
Read more from Outlook:
What we need to fight Ebola
Follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.
Image copyright Getty Images
The Trump administration has barred the sale of a US technology firm to a Chinese-backed company, citing national security risks.
Since November, Chinese-backed Canyon Bridge Capital Partners has been seeking approval for a $1.3bn (£984m) deal to buy Lattice Semiconductor.
The firms said they were "disappointed" by the decision.
The order comes as the US has been toughening its stance on business dealings with China.
The US last month launched a formal review of China's intellectual property practices, which it says may force US companies to surrender valuable information.
US politicians and military leaders have also urged the administration to take a closer look at Chinese investments in the US, particularly in the technology industry.
'Excellent deal'
In its announcement, the Trump administration said it was concerned about the "potential transfer" of intellectual property from Lattice, which makes advanced computer chips.
It also cited the use of Lattice products by the US government.
Mr Trump's decision was in line with an earlier recommendation by the US government panel that reviews foreign transactions for national security considerations.
That step typically decides such matters, but the companies made the rare move to appeal directly to the president in an effort to win approval.
Oregon-based Lattice has faced falling revenue, with losses in 2016 and 2015. The proposal from Canyon Bridge offered a premium on its share price.
In a statement, Lattice chief executive Darin Billerbeck said the failed deal "was in the best interests of our shareholders, our customers, our employees and the United States".
Image copyright Pool Image caption Barack Obama also stopped sales to Chinese firms when he was president
The chipmaker, which makes about a third of its revenue in China, has shifted its business away from the military and said it did not think the deal posed a security risk.
It had also pledged to double the number of US jobs in a bid to win approval.
Canyon Bridge did not address the security concerns raised by the US government in its response.
The company, which is backed by the China Venture Capital Fund, said it would continue to pursue other investments. The China Venture Capital Fund is owned by state-owned entities, according to the US.
"We are obviously disappointed in today's decision by the President of the United States to forgo what we believe to be an excellent deal for Lattice's shareholders and its employees by expanding the opportunity to keep jobs in America," the company said in an emailed statement.
Growing Chinese investment
Mr Trump's decision is the fourth time a president has barred a private deal on national security grounds. President Barack Obama used that authority twice, in both cases against Chinese companies.
In 1990, President George HW Bush also blocked a Chinese company from acquiring a Seattle manufacturer,
The decisions have come as Chinese investment in the US surged, exceeding $46bn in 2016, triple the amount in 2015, according to the Rhodium Group.
Chinese investors are on track to surpass that number this year.
Other deals waiting approval include Jack Ma's Ant Financial bid to buy US money transfer company MoneyGram for $1.2bn.
China Oceanwide Holdings Group is also seeking approval of its $2.7bn acquisition of US insurance company Genworth Financial.
US politicians have urged rejection of other deals as well, including a bid to buy to the Chinese stock exchange.
Feb. 13, 1994, Temple coach John Chaney had to be pulled away from UMass's John Calipari following a minuteman win. You know this, and the images are part of our collective sports memory by now. But try to watch the incident with fresh eyes. Never forget how incredible it is that this happened.
Chaney actually had the moral high ground, before he squandered it by charging the dais. He was upset over Calipari haranguing the referees as they left the floor, reportedly telling them he'd make sure they'd never call a UMass game again.
Chaney:
"You've got a good ball club. But what you did with the officials out there is wrong, and I don't want to be a party to that. You understand?...You had the best officiating you could ever get here. And for you to ride them, I don't want to be a party to that."
Calipari played it cool. Chaney did not. In the ensuing scrum, he promised to kick Calipari's ass and repeatedly yelled "I'll kill you." He received a one-game suspension, which is roughly 19 games fewer than what he'd get if this happened today. (It is also horrifying to consider the thinkpieces this would have spawned had it occurred in the internet era.)
Advertisement
The two never held any grudges, even posing for this photo a couple years back:
In a 2013 interview, Chaney said no one cares that they're buddies now.
"They'd much rather laugh and pick on my ass about that because they keep showing it on television," Chaney said. "I don't care where I go, somebody hollers out at me 'I'm going to kill you.'"
Advertisement
The great UMass-Temple rivalry is no more than of last year, thanks to the machinations of realignment—Temple is on the Island of Misfit Toys that is the American, while UMass stayed with the gutted remnants of the A-10. Since that 1994 blow-up, Calipari went on to become one of the premier coaches in the college game, finally winning his first national title in 2012. Chaney would retire in 2006, his exit hastened by sending out a "goon"—just what he threatened Calipari he'd do the next time his Owls faced Massachusetts.
Last year, Microsoft and Canonical partnered up to create Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL). With it, you could run Ubuntu and Bash on native Windows 10. Starting with the August 2016 release of Windows 10 Anniversary Update, anyone could use Ubuntu and Bash on Windows 10. Now, Hannes Kühnemund, SUSE Linux Enterprise senior product manager, has found that you can run openSUSE Leap 42.2 on Windows 10.
SUSE
This is not native Linux. WSL emulates a Linux kernel interface on top of the Windows NT kernel. For system programmers, that's not good enough, but for developers, it enables you to combine the best of Windows and Linux.
Before starting on this, you should know, as Microsoft Senior Program Manager Rich Turner recently explained, that WSL is still a work in progress: "We're not done yet. We have a long way to go yet until we can fully say that this thing is really comprehensibly compatible with the majority of [developer] tools that you want to use."
In addition, Turner said WSL is for shell-users and programmers. Microsoft doesn't object to you trying to run X Window graphic programs, but don't expect much help from them either.
One final word of warning: If you do this, you're replacing Ubuntu on WSL with SUSE. It's a one-way trip.
Now, on with the show.
First, boot up Windows 10, then turn on Developer Mode (via Settings > Update & security > For developers), and search for "Windows Features." Next, choose "Turn Windows features on or off" and enable Windows Subsystem for Linux (Beta).
After that, to install Bash, you must open the Windows Command Prompt and type "bash." You'll be asked to accept the terms of service and download Ubuntu. This download is a bit less than 1GB. Once installed, you'll be running a userspace version of Ubuntu 14.04 on top of WSL. With 2017's Windows 10 Creator Update, you'll be moving up to the newer Ubuntu 16.04.
You'll then need to create a non-root user. The first time you run Ubuntu, you'll be prompted to create this user and give it a password. This user ID and password has nothing to do with your Windows username and password.
You're now ready to run Ubuntu and Bash on WSL. Before moving on, you should update Ubuntu to the latest versions. To do that, run the following commands from the Bash shell:
apt-get update
apt-get upgrade
Run a few commands and make sure all's well with your newly refreshed Ubuntu system. Now it's time to give SUSE a try.
Start by downloading the openSUSE Docker userspace. You do this with the following command:
Now, create a new root file system and extract the openSUSE userspace with the following commands and then exit the shell.
$ sudo mkdir rootfs
$ sudo tar -C rootfs -Jxf openSUSE-42.2.tar.xz
$ exit
Next, open a Windows Command Prompt (cmd) to back up the Ubuntu rootfs and open the SUSE rootfs.
cd %localappdata%\lxss\
rename rootfs rootfs.ubuntu
move .\home\<linux_user>\rootfs .\
This SUSE Linux will not have the Ubuntu user, so you need to create a new one. For now, Kühnemund recommends just using root for the user. To do this, run the following command from cmd:
lxrun /setdefaultuser root
When you next run Bash, you'll now be running openSUSE Leap 42.2 environment on top of WSL.
Kühnemund also claims you can run SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES) 12 SP2 on WSL.
If this sounds to you like it may be possible to run other Linux distributions on WSL, you're right. You can.
There is a GitHub project, WSL-Distribution-Switcher, which seeks to enable you to switch Ubuntu on WSL with any other Linux distribution published on Docker Hub. These distributions include CentOS, Fedora, and Debian.
While Ubuntu will remain Microsoft's first choice for WSL, you should soon be able to run almost any Linux on top of WSL.
Related Stories:
Riyadh has confirmed the internal Internet network belonging to the Saudi Foreign Ministry has come under a cyber-attack.
According to Saudi media, Osama bin Ahmad al-Sanousi, a senior official at the kingdom's Foreign Ministry, made the announcement on Saturday, saying an investigation is underway into the details of the incident.
The Saudi official also downplayed the scale of the hacking incident, describing it as a limited attack.
The confirmation came days after media reports said a group of Yemeni hackers, dubbed Yemen Cyber Army, had published thousands of highly classified Saudi government data, including identities of spies, after declaring taking “full control” over 3,000 computers of Saudi Arabia's Interior, Defense and Foreign Ministries.
“We have gained access to the Saudi Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA) network and have full control over more than 3,000 computers and servers, and thousands of users. We also have access to the emails, personal and secret information of hundreds of thousands of their staff and diplomats in different missions around the world,” said the hacker group as cited in a report by Iranian Fars news agency.
Copy of reported identities of Saudi foreign ministry diplomats and operatives released by hackers and published online on May 23, 2015.
“We publish only few portions of the vital information we have, just to let them know that 'truly the flimsiest of houses is the spider's house',” the statement said.
Yemen Cyber Army first made headlines in mid-April when it hacked the website of a Saudi-owned al-Hayat daily based in London to protest Riyadh's deadly war on Yemen. According to a statement on the daily's website, the hackers wanted “to support Yemen revolution.”
A top secret Saudi Defense Ministry document reportedly released by hackers and published online on May 23, 2015.
Saudi Arabia began its military aggression against Yemen on March 26, without a UN mandate, in a bid to undermine Yemen's Ansarullah movement and restore power to fugitive former President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, who is a close ally of Riyadh.
According to UN, over 1,840 people had been killed and 7,394 others injured in the war on Yemeni since March 19. The escalating humanitarian crisis has already left millions short of food and fuel.
MFB/MKA/HRB
By Express News Service
With Diwali kissing distance away, here's a look at the firecracker industry in Tamil Nadu's Sivakasi, which provided the bang for your buck. Note the lack of even basic safety norms and the risks it takes for manufacture
In a brick-walled cubicle with a tin roof, four workers sit on a gunny sack, sifting through black powder and stuffing it in small paper rolls. Their bare bodies gleam with sweat and silver as they give the finishing touches to a cherry bomb consignment slated for shipment to Andhra Pradesh.
Like them, thousands of workers in the factories of Sivakasi in Virudhanagar district of Tamil Nadu work round the clock from months prior to Diwali making firecrackers to meet the humongous demand of the season.
To cater to the rising demand for pyrotechnics, the Sivakasi fireworks industry has been experimenting with high-risk chemicals. With very less or no training, the result is often disastrous for the labour force.
As many as 16 fireworks-related accidents in Sivakasi occurred during 2016-2017, killing 30 and injuring 28 — majority of them factory workers, according to a report by the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation. The worst took place in 2012 when 38 lives were lost after a massive blaze engulfed a factory.
However, the 7,00,000 workers in Sivakasi, a small town which accounts for 90 per cent of the fireworks production in India, have no other option but to depend on the hazardous industry for their livelihood.
Not only is this industry an immediate risk to factory workers but it also has long-term health risks embedded in it for the workers who are not given proper safety equipment.
Diseases like asthma and tuberculosis are prevalent among 90 per cent of the workers who are involved in gunpowder filling and thereby are in direct contact with the chemical ingredients.
Also prevalent is child labour, according to various studies. In fact, Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi had said that the Sivakasi fireworks industry employs to over 1,00,000 child labourers, though his claims have been contested by the Tamil Nadu Fireworks and Amorces Manufacturers' Association.
Name Portrayal Description
Orn Free Taa Jerome Blake (The Phantom Menace), Matt Rowan (Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith)
Voice: Phil LaMarr (The Clone Wars) Overweight Twi'lek who represents Ryloth in the Galactic Senate during the prequel trilogy.
General Cassio Tagge Don Henderson (A New Hope) Imperial officer aboard the Death Star in A New Hope; Tagge expressed concern over the vulnerability of the Death Star due to the missing plans being in the hands of the Rebel Alliance.[259] Tagge is revealed in Marvel's Darth Vader comic book series as surviving the Death Star explosion during the Battle of Yavin, and is promoted by Emperor Palpatine to Grand General of the Empire.[260]
Mother Talzin Voice: Barbara Goodson (The Clone Wars) Dathomirian leader of the Nightsister clans of witches before and during the Clone Wars. She possesses great magical powers, ranging from mind control, manipulating matter, and turning into mist. Following General Grievous' attack on Dathomir, she is the only Nightsister left, aside from Asajj Ventress. In The Lost Missions, Talzin manipulates a cult into stealing the living Force within other beings and collect it in an orb for her. When enough is collected, Talzin intends to absorb the Force and gain great strength beyond any other Jedi or Sith. However, she is defeated by the combined efforts of Mace Windu and Jar Jar Binks. In Darth Maul: Son of Dathomir, she ultimately dies at the hands of General Grievous on Dathomir in order to allow Maul, her son, to escape.
Wat Tambor Voice: Chris Truswell (Attack of the Clones), Matthew Wood (The Clone Wars) Skakoan Foreman of the Techno Union and Executive of Baktoid Armor Workshop before and during the Clone Wars. He serves on the Separatist Council during the Clone Wars and helps fund and supply the Confederacy of Independent Systems. He is one of the Separatist leaders killed by Darth Vader on Mustafar in Revenge of the Sith.[261]
Riff Tamson Voice: Gary Anthony Williams (The Clone Wars) Shark-like Separatist leader, known for his ferocity and brilliant mind. He leads the forces at one of the Battles of Mon Calamari, and is killed by a bomb.
Ahsoka Tano Voice: Ashley Eckstein (The Clone Wars, Rebels and Forces of Destiny) Anakin Skywalker's Togruta Jedi Padawan. Over time she develops greater skills and techniques, and becomes a trusted leader. Near the end of season 5 of The Clone Wars, Ahsoka is framed by her friend and fellow Padawan Barriss Offee for bombing the Jedi Temple. She is subsequently expelled from the Jedi Order and turned over to the Republic for trial, but her innocence is proven when Anakin exposes Barriss. Afterwards, Ahsoka is invited to rejoin the Jedi, but she refuses and leaves because she no longer trusts them. She is later revealed to be the mysterious "Fulcrum" in Star Wars Rebels, and is hunted by Darth Vader and the Inquisitors. Ahsoka's fate is left ambiguous after a duel with Vader, until Ezra Bridger rescues her from Vader by taking her into The World Between Worlds "environment" accessible, for a time, from within Lothal's Jedi Temple.
Tarfful Michael Kingma (Revenge of the Sith) Wookiee chieftain who, along with Chewbacca, commands the Wookiee warriors during the Battle of Kashyyyk, and later helps Yoda escape the clone troopers after Order 66 is given in Revenge of the Sith.
Jova Tarkin N/A Paternal great-uncle to Grand Moff Tarkin, acting as a permanent guide and mentor for future Tarkin family initiates on the Carrion Plateau on their homeworld of Eriadu.[218]
Captain Roos Tarpals Steven Spiers (The Phantom Menace)
Voice: Fred Tatasciore (The Clone Wars) Gungan captain in The Phantom Menace.[263] He later becomes a general by the time of the Clone Wars and dies trying to capture General Grievous.
TC-14 John Fensom (The Phantom Menace)
Voice: Lindsay Duncan (The Phantom Menace) Protocol droid who appears in the beginning of The Phantom Menace, serving drinks to Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn aboard the Trade Federation's flagship Saak'ak.[264]
Berch Teller N/A Former Intelligence officer in the Republic, turning against the Empire and later hijacking Moff Tarkin's personal ship, the Carrion Spike, in the 2014 novel Tarkin.[218]
Teebo Jack Purvis (Return of the Jedi) Leader of the group of Ewoks that captures Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, Chewbacca and the droids; later the one whom R2-D2 electrocutes upon being freed. Has a more prominent role in the novelization.[61]
Teedo Kiran Shah (The Force Awakens)
Voice: David Acord (The Force Awakens and Forces of Destiny) Scavenger native to Jakku, one of several of his species, known as Teedos.[265] This particular Teedo was trying to capture BB-8, before the droid was freed by Rey in The Force Awakens.
Mod Terrik Unknown actor (A New Hope) Captain of the Imperial stormtrooper Zeta Squadron, encharged of finding the Death Star plans and, later, of stopping the departing Millennium Falcon. He is killed by his fellow stormtrooper 1023, Davin Felth, during the attack to Han Solo's ship.
Lor San Tekka Max von Sydow (The Force Awakens) Former explorer and a devout follower of the Church of the Force, as well as an old ally of Luke Skywalker, living on the planet Jakku. He gives Poe Dameron a fragment of the map needed to find Luke in The Force Awakens, and is subsequently executed by Kylo Ren.
Petty Officer Thanisson Thomas Brodie-Sangster (The Force Awakens) First Order officer aboard the Resurgent-class Star Destroyer Finalizer. Thanisson reports the theft of the TIE fighter stolen by Poe Dameron and FN-2187 in The Force Awakens.
Inspector Thanoth N/A Inspector for the Galactic Empire; assigned to assist Darth Vader and investigate his actions during the events of the Star Wars: Darth Vader comic book series.[268]
Lieutenant Thire Voice: Temuera Morrison (Revenge of the Sith) Commander of the Clone Shock Troopers in Revenge of the Sith who tells Palpatine that they did not find Yoda's body on the Senate chamber's floor.
Grand Admiral Thrawn Voice: Lars Mikkelsen (Rebels) Chiss Grand Admiral of the Imperial Navy, known as a brilliant strategist.[269] He appears in the third season of Rebels, and the novel Thrawn.[270]
C'ai Threnalli Paul Kasey (The Force Awakens and The Last Jedi) Abednedo Resistance pilot that flies as Poe Dameron's wingman during the evacuation of D'Qar. Threnalli is also among the survivors escaping on the Millennium Falcon after the Battle of Crait in The Last Jedi.
Shaak Ti Orli Shoshan (Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith)
Voice: Tasia Valenza (The Clone Wars) Togruta Jedi Master and member of the Jedi Council in Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith who escapes The Great Jedi Purge. In a deleted scene from Revenge of the Sith, she is killed by General Grievous on the Invisible Hand.
Paige Tico Veronica Ngo (The Last Jedi) Older sister of Rose Tico, gunner and pilot on the StarFortress Bomber Hammer of Cobalt Squadron.[197] Paige is killed during the Battle of D'Qar after releasing the bomber's payload, destroying the Mandator IV-class Siege Dreadnaught Fulminatrix.
Saesee Tiin Khan Bonfils (The Phantom Menace), Jesse Jensen (Attack of the Clones), Kenji Oates (Revenge of the Sith)
Voice: Dee Bradley Baker (The Clone Wars) Jedi Master and member of the Jedi High Council in the prequel trilogy and The Clone Wars. He is one of the four Jedi Masters who die trying to arrest Palpatine. He uses a green lightsaber.
Bala-Tik Brian Vernel (The Force Awakens) Negotiator for the Guavian Death Gang, who confront Han Solo for swindling them aboard his freighter the Eravana in The Force Awakens. Bala-Tik informs the First Order that Solo is in possession of the missing BB-8 unit they are seeking.
Tikkes Separatist Council member and Senator of the CIS-allied Quarren Isolation League on Mon Calamari. He leads one of the Separatist assaults on Mon Calamari but is killed by Darth Vader on Mustafar.
Meena Tills Voice: Anna Graves (The Clone Wars) Senator of Calamari Sector in Revenge of the Sith and The Clone Wars.
Quay Tolsite Dee Tails (Solo: A Star Wars Story) The Pike Syndicate's administrator, who controls the operations on Kessel.
Bargwill Tomder Cloddogran Fathier stable master in Canto Bight on Cantonica in The Last Jedi. Tomder first appears in the short story "Hear Nothing, See Nothing, Say Nothing" in the anthology book Canto Bight.[275]
Wag Too Voice: Alec Medlock (The Clone Wars) Lurmen healer and the son of village leader Tee Watt Kaa. He is more grateful than his father when Ahsoka Tano, Aayla Secura, and Anakin Skywalker return to protect their village from the Separatists.
Coleman Trebor Vurk Jedi Master who participates in the Battle of Geonosis and is killed by Jango Fett while attempting to kill Count Dooku.
Admiral Trench Voice: Dee Bradley Baker (The Clone Wars) Harch Admiral of the Separatist Navy who commands the blockade of the planet Christophsis. He is one of the most skilled military tacticians at the time and supposedly has a history of being able to track cloaked ships. He seemingly dies in the episode "Cat and Mouse" of The Clone Wars, but reappears with cybernetics covering nearly half of his body in the first episode of season 6. He also appears in a 4-episode arc referred as "Bad Batch" in which he dies at the hands of Anakin Skywalker after his ship is infiltrated by the Republic.
Strono Tuggs Aidan Cook (The Force Awakens) Deformed Artiodac cook at the castle of Maz Kanata in The Force Awakens. Tuggs' backstory is explored in the short story "A Recipie for Death".[40]
Clone Trooper Tup Voice: Dee Bradley Baker (The Clone Wars)[10] Rookie clone trooper who has a teardrop tattoo on his face, and matching designs on his helmet.[276] During his time in the campaign on Ringo Vinda, Tup's biochip malfunctions, leading him to carry out Order 66 earlier than intended. Tup is captured, and dies on Kamino during the ensuing investigation.
Letta Turmond Voice: Kari Wahlgren (The Clone Wars) Radical activist against Jedi involvement in the Clone Wars, incited by the Jedi Order's use of her technician husband Jackar Bowmani to arm Republic gunships.[277]
Longo Two-Guns Voice: Tom Kane Crime lord and rival to Jabba the Hutt, recognized as the "fastest blaster on Tatooine".
Captain Gregar Typho Jay Laga'aia (Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith)
Voice: James Mathis III (The Clone Wars) Amidala's bodyguard in Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith.[278]
Nearly ten months after a brief two-week run on American big screens, Shin Godzilla is finally available to stream, and will be released on Blu-ray on August 1. It's a big moment for kaiju fans, whether they're re-watching the movie or seeing it for the first time.
The Blu-ray and DVD, which come with extras that include trailers and interviews, are on sale at Amazon. The internet superstore also has the movie for streaming devices. The Blu-ray is also available at Best Buy and other fine retailers.
The film is a complicated one, for many reasons. Shin Godzilla marks the latest reboot from Toho, the Japanese movie studio that has guided the monster through 29 movies over the last 63 years. The franchise has changed along with the culture and politics of Japan, and the new film reflects the seismic shifts felt in the country since the last Godzilla movie, Final Wars, which came out in 2004.
The movie, directed by Hideaki Anno, is more political than any previous Godzilla movies, which have, for the most part, preferred to sneak in political and cultural commentary in subtle ways. Shin Godzilla, on the other hand, is overtly about the government, its response to catastrophe, and Japan's military.
“The film shows the divide between. the old generation — who it suggests are washed up and don't know how to handle a crisis — and the younger and more idealistic generation,” Steve Ryfle, the author of the Godzilla encyclopedia Japan's Favorite Mon-Star and a book about original Godzilla director Ishiro Honda, told Inverse last year. “The young people are shown to have learned from the mistakes of their forefathers and also to have a more positive, proud attitude toward their country. They are willing to do anything to save it.”
Godzilla wreckin' Tokyo
Just as the original 1954 film was inspired by the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Shin Godzilla alludes to the Fukushima nuclear reactor meltdown, which rocked the country in 2011. The film is just as much political satire as it is a monster movie, as it mocks old government bureaucrats who can't get out of their own way. As Godzilla morphs from gigantic eel-like creature to massive radioactive monster that devastates Tokyo, government higher-ups waste time with endless meetings and silly bickering.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
It's a direct commentary on the inept response that a corrupt Japanese government mounted after Fukushima. But it's also an endorsement of the campaign being mounted by President Shinzo Abe to adjust the constitution to allow Japan to keep a larger standing army, which has been banned since World War II. Japan's Self-Defense Forces are limited in their capability, but in Shin Godzilla new weapons are key. It is also a portrayal of a strong Japan pushing back against a nuke-happy United States, which has long dictated the terms of the alliance.
Toys depicting the evolution of Godzilla in 'Shin Godzilla'
Godzilla evolves quickly through the film's two-hour run time, going from hunched, mutated dinosaur tadpole to a radioactive behemoth that's clearly in pain at all times. In all, there are [five versions of this monster](http://godzilla.wikia.com/wiki/Godzilladesign(2016_film)), each of them scarier than the next.
Ultimately, Shin Godzilla boasts the biggest version of the King of the Monsters yet. The radioactive iteration stands at 118.5 meters tall, a full 10 meters taller than the version in Legendary's 2014 movie. The original Godzilla was just 50 meters tall.
The different iterations of Godzilla over the years
Shin Godzilla was a smash hit in Japan, which was clearly ready for the return of its mightiest monster. It made over $75 million at the box office there, making it the number one live-action film of the year. It also became the most lucrative film in the entire franchise.
Not only was it a box office success, but the movie also won over critics and Anno's fellow filmmakers. (It even had a cameo from legendary director Kihachi Okamoto. Shin Godzilla would go on to win seven trophies at the Japanese equivalent of the Academy Awards, the Japan Academy Prize, which included Best Film and Best Director.
And no, it still doesn't answer whether or not Godzilla has a penis.
This is the web version of VoxCare, a daily newsletter from Vox on the latest twists and turns in America's health care debate. Like what you're reading? Sign up to get VoxCare in your inbox here.
2018 could be another year of steep Obamacare rate hikes.
Early data from state insurance departments, released over the past two weeks, shows that big health plans are requesting some pretty significant premium increases.
Anthem, which covers 35,000 people in the Connecticut marketplace, wants to raise premiums 33.8 percent. BlueChoice, a Maryland plan that covers 160,000 people, has asked for a 53.4 percent hike. And in Virginia, 295,000 individual market enrollees are on track for an average increase of 30.6 percent.
vox-mark VoxCare Vox's email explaining the biggest news in health care, edited by Sarah Kliff Subscribe By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy. For more newsletters, check out our newsletters page
Five states — Connecticut, Maryland, Oregon, Virginia, and Vermont — as well as the District of Columbia have so far released 2018 rate increase requests from Obamacare insurers. This is our first glimpse into how much coverage could cost next year, and it suggests that many Obamacare enrollees could be paying a lot more.
You can see the range of rate increases that insurance plans have requested in this chart I pulled together, using data from state insurance departments.
First things first: These are requested rate increases, not the final numbers. It's helpful to think of these numbers as health plans' opening bid in a negotiation with the state insurance department. This is how much insurance plans want to raise rates, and insurance commissioners will be charged with evaluating whether these rate increases are reasonable. So there is decent reason to believe some of the especially big numbers might decline a bit in the process of those negotiations.
Still, let's not beat around the bush: These are big, big rate increases that insurance plans are asking for. A 50 percent requested rate hike that falls to 40 percent or even 20 percent in the course of negotiations is still a big increase.
The big question: Why are insurance plans requesting such big rate hikes?
It is incredibly hard to pinpoint which part of the rate increases are a product of the instability and uncertainty the Trump administration has created around Obamacare's future — and which part reflects a marketplace that was already struggling.
There are some clear ways the Trump administration has driven up rates. For example: CareFirst, a big marketplace carrier in the DC area, has tacked 15 percent onto its rates because it does not expect the White House to enforce the individual mandate.
But other factors leading to the 2018 rate increases aren't so clear-cut. Lots of insurance plans have said in their rate filings that they are worried about a "shrinking market" or sicker enrollees that will drive up premiums. Here's what Anthem, for example, told regulators in Connecticut about why it wanted a 33.8 percent rate increase:
We are forecasting that the indiviudal market will continue to shrink and that those individuals with greater health care needs will be the most likely to purchase coverage and retain their coverage, thereby accelerating the trend of increased morbidity. ... This dynamic is driven by a guaranteed issue market with rating constraints and an individual mandate penalty that continues to be far less than the cost of coverage for most individuals.
It's true that before Trump's election, insurance plans worried that the people signing up for coverage were sicker than they had expected and that enrollment numbers weren't as robust as forecasters had expected. It's also true that the uncertainty around the law's future — whether the administration will, for example, continue doing outreach around Obamacare enrollment — has exacerbated those concerns.
At this point, it seems fair to say that some part of the 2018 rate increases are due to the Trump administration and some parts are due to the law itself. It seems clear to me that the Trump administration is making Obamacare more expensive, which I've written about at greater length here. Attributing a particular amount of the increase to Trump, however, is going to be awfully difficult, if not impossible.
A quick guide to following 2018 rate filings
There will be a lot of news stories in the next few months about the 2018 Obamacare premiums. This is a tough story to keep track of because there are 50 states that have 50 separate deadlines for turning in premiums! I wanted to highlight two resources that I think will be really useful for those who want to keep on top of the issue:
Here's a calendar of when each state's 2018 rate filings are due. (Hat tip to Emily Gee, who flagged me to this document on Twitter.)
Charles Gaba's ACASignups site continues to be an invaluable resource for all things Obamacare. One thing I've found incredibly helpful on Charles's site is his calculations of the weighted average rate increase for each state. This takes into account how much enrollment each plan has, to give a better sense of how many people the big rate increases will actually hit.
Chart of the Day:
There are 10,000 safety net clinics across the country that provide contraceptives to low-income women. The Kaiser Family Foundation's new brief explores the role these play in America's reproductive health care system.
Kliff's Notes
Your daily top health care reads, with research help from Caitlin Davis
Today's top news
"Bipartisan health care talks pick up steam in Senate" : "At least three moderate Democrats held an initial sit-down with half a dozen Republicans late Monday evening — the most tangible sign yet of centrists' interest in finding common ground. The prospect of a bipartisan fix could chip away at GOP support for Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's plan to repeal Obamacare and endanger Minority Leader Chuck Schumer's vow to maintain Democratic unity in opposition. But senators in both parties said their leaders knew about the meeting and made no moves to stop it." —Jennifer Haberkorn and Elena Schor, Politico
"At least three moderate Democrats held an initial sit-down with half a dozen Republicans late Monday evening — the most tangible sign yet of centrists' interest in finding common ground. The prospect of a bipartisan fix could chip away at GOP support for Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's plan to repeal Obamacare and endanger Minority Leader Chuck Schumer's vow to maintain Democratic unity in opposition. But senators in both parties said their leaders knew about the meeting and made no moves to stop it." —Jennifer Haberkorn and Elena Schor, Politico "Senate GOP defends writing its health care bill in private" : "[Senators] say it is unlikely that the bill will go through hearings and markups in committee, though they stress that a working group of lawmakers, as well as the entire Republican caucus, will have heavy input on the bill." —Peter Sullivan, the Hill
"[Senators] say it is unlikely that the bill will go through hearings and markups in committee, though they stress that a working group of lawmakers, as well as the entire Republican caucus, will have heavy input on the bill." —Peter Sullivan, the Hill "Price's remarks on opioid treatment were unscientific and damaging, experts say" : "Addiction experts say that Price's remarks are consistent with widespread but inaccurate views on the use of buprenorphine and methadone, also known as opioid maintenance therapy. They worry that the secretary's comments perpetuate those views. 'It's not replacing one drug for another, because we define addiction based on behavior, not on the absence or presence of a drug,' says Waller." —Jake Harper, NPR
"Addiction experts say that Price's remarks are consistent with widespread but inaccurate views on the use of buprenorphine and methadone, also known as opioid maintenance therapy. They worry that the secretary's comments perpetuate those views. 'It's not replacing one drug for another, because we define addiction based on behavior, not on the absence or presence of a drug,' says Waller." —Jake Harper, NPR "As states wage battles on high drug prices, drugmakers fight back": "Drugmakers oppose most of the bills, and have deployed officials and lobbyists to testify at legislative hearings and run advertising campaigns. The industry's biggest lobbying group, Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, says it is 'beefing up resources' to combat the state legislation." —Peter Loftus, Wall Street Journal
Longer reads and analysis
"Abortion is now an issue with no middle ground": "In order to win, the Republican and Democratic incumbents need to appeal to a broader spectrum of voters while still luring their base. And while there are moderate positions to be had on a whole host of issues, it's difficult-to-impossible to find a politician who will articulate a nuanced position on abortion rights." —Paige Winfield Cunningham, Washington Post
Season 1 | Episode 8 | “Ritchie” | Aired Apr 2, 2015
Surprisingly, The Slap was able pull off an engaging final chapter whose quality surpassed all previous episodes. This was partly due to its focus on Ritchie, who's easy to like and empathize with (unlike nearly every other character).
We open with another flashback (which, like Rosie and Gary's meet-cute last week, also gives no indication it's happening in the past, forcing viewers to figure it out for themselves from clues later in the episode): Ritchie is taking pictures of a carousel.
Then we're back in the present. At school, Ritchie is setting up his photographs for an art show—because The Slap cannot go more than 30 minutes without including at least one of those. Connie sidles up to him and tries to chat casually. At first, Ritchie is still upset with her, but they quickly make up.
When Ritchie gets home, a detective is waiting for him. The cop asks for his pictures of the barbecue, but Ritchie says he's already deleted them. His mother is clearly agitated that the detective is snooping around her son's life, but Ritchie stays calm. He hands over the drive the photos were on (from which, we assume, the police can recover them).
The next day, Thanassis and Harry meet to discuss the pictures, which have now been entered into evidence. They clearly show the bat on the ground when Harry slapped Hugo, a nasty little detail that Thanassis says could open up Harry to a nastier civil suit. For probably the first time in his life, Harry admits that this isn't about money. But Thanassis pushes for an offensive strategy: Get the photos thrown out based on faulty chain of evidence (the detective left the drive in his car when he went out to dinner), then intimidate Ritchie into not testifying. Harry looks uncomfortable, but doesn't say no.
Thanassis' plan to scare off Ritchie is the most vile moment of the series, and in this scene the lawyer emerges as The Slap‘s true villain: a man who will do absolutely anything to win, regardless of the harm he causes others. Thanassis reveals to Harry that he's done a little research on their teenage witness. Before Ritchie moved to Brooklyn last year, he was living in Pennsylvania. He had to move, however, after intimate photos of him and his boyfriend showed up online, and they were bullied and harassed so badly that both attempted to kill themselves. The boyfriend succeeded by jumping off a bridge. Thanassis' plan is to leak Ritchie's past to the press; all the unwanted attention will intimidate him into silence. (In addition to being absolutely heartbreaking, this plotline also closely resembles the true case of Tyler Clementi, a Rutgers student who committed suicide by jumping off the George Washington Bridge in 2010, after other students posted videos on the Internet of him kissing another man.)
Back at school, Ritchie's art show is going well. A reporter starts asking him questions, and at first Ritchie just thinks its about his work. But when the journalist brings up his old life in Pennsylvania, Ritchie knows someone has uncovered his secret, and panics. The next morning, Hector finds the article online: Ritchie has been outed and his troubled history revealed.
At school, Ritchie feels like a pariah. Everyone's gawking at him and, when he gets to his locker, someone has scrawled “faggot” across it in black marker. In study hall, kids physically move desks to get farther away from him. (This is the only time The Slap loses me this episode: Ritchie goes to high school in Brooklyn in the year 2015. I just don't buy his peers' reaction.) Connie finds her friend in study hall and runs up to him. She feels awful, and she's sad he never told her. She tries to comfort him by patting his arm, but Ritchie, obviously on edge, freaks out. He thinks she just wants to see the scars on his wrists, so he rolls up his sleeves and pushes them in her face, then holds them up for the whole class to see. Before he can rush out, an officer of the court shows up and hands him a subpoena to appear at trial.
At home, Ritchie's mother tells him she loves him and he doesn't have to testify. They'll move again. But Ritchie can't take that. He says he'll testify—but he also sneakily shoves a wad of cash into his pocket before leaving the house. He goes to a pharmacy, where he gets a prescription filled early. At this point, I don't know if he's planning to run away or to attempt suicide again.
Next, Ritchie goes to Hector and Gary's houses, dropping off photos for them. Uh-oh—giving away his possessions is not a good sign. Gary is not there to get his present, but later, when Connie calls the house saying she can't find Ritchie, Gary pieces it together and gets scared. He knows exactly where Ritchie is: the carousel.
Gary gets there as quickly as he can, and finds Ritchie already passed out, an empty bottle of pills and a jug of alcohol beside him. He calls 911 and forces Ritchie to stay awake. Ritchie starts apologizing, and Gary cuts him off. It's his own fault, Gary says. He's the one who brought Ritchie into this mess.
The ambulance gets there in time, and Ritchie is saved. He's able to appear in court later that week, and makes it clear that he's there of his own volition. He's ready to tell the truth: Hugo wasn't holding the bat when Harry slapped him.
Then Thanassis starts the cross-examination. He asks why Ritchie deleted the photos. Ritchie bravely explains that the photos showed people he loved and admired behaving badly—not just Harry slapping Hugo, but also Hector flirting with Connie, Gary drinking too much, and Rosie breastfeeding after consuming alcohol. Ritchie explains that someone once used private pictures to hurt him, and he didn't want to do the same thing to his friends.
But he has realized something: Those pictures, like the pictures of him and his boyfriend, told the truth. And sometimes, the truth is all we have.
After he finishes speaking, the judge makes her ruling: Harry is found guilty and sentenced to time served. But Rosie and Gary shouldn't celebrate just yet: Someone from Child Protective Services will be questioning them, and if Hugo is ever hurt or hurts anyone else again, there will be serious consequences.
The last scene of the series takes place a year later. Connie and Ritchie are both in college. (Ritchie is at The New School, majoring in photography. He's happy.) Aisha, Hector, Harry, Sandi, Manolis, and Koula are at Anouk's house, where Anouk is playing with her baby. Things didn't work out with Jamie, but she loves being a mom. The doorbell rings, and Rosie, Gary, and Hugo walk into the room. Suddenly, it gets awkward. But Hugo walks right up to Anouk and starts playing with her baby. He's gentle and loving. All is well.
The Slap aired on NBC.
Rosanni Lake Montero isn't your average teenager.
The Bridgewater College sophomore spends her leisure time training for the AAU Taekwondo national team.
Lake Montero won her weight division at the national tournament and got a spot on the team.
Beginning in February, she will travel the world with the team. They will train, spar, and fight other countries from all over.
She believes being on this team will help her reach her ultimate goal.
"I want to go to the Olympics in 2020. You think this will help get you there? Yes sir. It is going to give me the experience to like, go there," said Montero.
Montero says all the nights she spent training have paid off.
"You won't know until you try," she said. "I'm shorter than most of the girls in my division, and like, you feel like because I am shorter I am not going to make it, but you won't know until you try."
For many, being one of the top eight in the whole country at what you do would be enough. But for Lake Montero, she says she wants to be the best in the world.
Also, you can watch Montero take down WHSV's Janson Silvers in a video clip below:
The weirdest thing about Green Party Leader Elizabeth May's “bizarre” press gallery dinner speech is that she was right. Former Guantanamo Bay detainee Omar Khadr does have more class “than the whole f---ing cabinet.”
A speech by Elizabeth May, left, has been described by some as awkward and profanity-laced, but the Green party leader was telling it as she saw it, writes Thomas Walkom. ( FRED CHARTRAND / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
That's what May said to dining scribes and their political guests Saturday at the annual Parliamentary Press Gallery feast. For that she received a lot of flak. Her nine-minute speech was described by some present as bizarre, awkward, rambling and profanity-laced.
Article Continued Below
She has been mocked in editorial cartoons, attacked in print and subjected to intense interrogation on CBC Television. There have been suggestions that she should quit as Green party leader. May herself has apologized and said she was overtired. But here's the thing: in a strange way, she made a lot of sense. First, understand press gallery dinners. They are annual bashes where journalists accredited to cover Parliament invite guests (usually politicians or other luminaries) to a kind of jovial roast.
I haven't been at one since Justin Trudeau's father was prime minister. Except for the fact that they are no longer off-the-record, they don't seem to have changed much. For journalists, the ability to invite someone deemed important — like a cabinet minister or party leader — can be a mark of status
Article Continued Below
For backbench MPs and lesser aides, being invited at all can bestow importance. Usually, alcohol is consumed. A certain amount of sophomoric behaviour, such as bun-throwing, is considered acceptable. Party leaders, if they bother to attend (Prime Minister Stephen Harper doesn't), usually try to deliver witty, self-deprecating performances designed to show they are regular folk. New Democratic Party Lader Tom Mulcair's speech this year, for instance, took the form of a fake interview with a Tom Mulcair look-alike. Apparently that went over just fine. May's speech, it seems, didn't. As my colleague Tim Harper noted, she broke all of the unwritten rules. She wasn't funny; she wasn't particularly self-deprecating and she did make overtly partisan jabs. Her entire speech is available online. But here, in a nutshell is what she said. First she said she was surprised that previous speakers hadn't acknowledged that the dinner was taking place on land claimed by the Algonquins. “What the f--- was wrong with the rest of you,” she said. This, incidentally, was one of only two times she used vulgarity in what has been labelled a profanity-laden speech. Then she noted that the prime minister, as usual, wasn't attending. Maybe he fretted about being hit by flying bread rolls, she mused, before suggesting that such fears were unfounded because “there's got to be a closet here somewhere.” I confess I found that rather amusing, in a mean sort of way. Then May went into an extended riff about her artificial hips, one of which she said squeaks. I think that was supposed to be a self-deprecating reference to her age, which is 60. From that she segued into Harper's seemingly artificial hair and the Liberal decision to iron out Trudeau's curls. This was followed by an extended Freudian joke in which she said that, because she's allowed to take part in televised leaders' debates, she no longer suffers from the female complaint of debate envy. Finally, as Transportation Minister Lisa Raitt tried to manoeuvre her offstage, May made her most serious point. She praised an Alberta judge's decision to release Khadr on bail while he appeals war-crimes charges in the U.S. “Welcome back Omar Khadr,” she said. “It matters to say it. Welcome back. You're home. Omar Khadr, you've got more class than the entire f---ing cabinet.” And in fact he does. Khadr's response to being jailed almost half of his life for the crime of being a child soldier has been gracious and measured. The Harper government's response to Khadr has been anything but. This was one of the truths May told Saturday night. She may never make it on the after-dinner circuit. But in this instance, she did tell it as she saw it. Is that so awful? Thomas Walkom's column appears Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
Whether you believe its God's word, a historical relic, or a load of hogwash, there's no doubt that the Bible contains some interesting stuff. Like monsters, for example. All sorts of terrible creatures and mythical beasts can be found in its pages. Like…
10. The Behemoth
In Job, one of the Bible's oldest books, the Behemoth is described as a gigantic, powerful creature that can only be tamed by God. His tail is so large that it ‘moves like a cedar.' This description has led some Creationists to claim that Behemoth was in fact a Biblical-era dinosaur. However, carbon dating aside, the creature is mentioned as having a navel, which would rule it out as an egg-hatched lizard. In Jewish tradition, the Behemoth is a primal earth-monster, a symbol of chaos. Less imaginative scholars have suggested that the Behemoth is simply a poetic description of a real giant creature, like a hippopotamus.
9. The First Beast
If there's one place that's good for finding Biblical monsters, it's the book of Revelation. No one agrees on whether this book of ‘visions' contains descriptions of future events, or symbolic representations of the past, but everyone agrees that it sure has a lot of monsters. The ‘First Beast' of Revelation, so called because it's mentioned first and no one came up with a better name, is a monster with seven heads and ten horns that rises from the ocean. It also features the feet of a bear, the mouth of a lion, and the general appearance of a leopard. Theologians and Biblical scholars have interpreted this beast as symbolizing everything from the Papacy to the 1st Century Roman Emperor Nero.
8. The Second Beast
This beast, which unsurprisingly follows the first, rises up out of the earth. It has two horns and speaks ‘like a dragon.' Personally, I've never heard a dragon speak, but I imagine it must be scary. This guy's job is to perform false miracles that encourage people to worship the first beast. It also allows the first beast to kill anyone who doesn't worship it. Damn. Once again, interpretations are varied: it's been described as a symbol for everything from the prophet Mohammed to the modern United States.
7. Unicorns
Unicorns are mentioned nine times in the King James Bible, a medieval translation that remains popular to this day: ‘Will the unicorn be willing to serve thee, or abide by thy crib? Canst thou bind the unicorn with band in the furrow?' the book asks. Unfortunately, linguists have since discovered that the Hebrew word re'em, translated as ‘unicorn' here, actually refers to the aurochs, a distant ancestor of the modern cow which went extinct in the 17th century. Which is a shame, because unicorns are far more interesting than slightly-larger-than-usual cows.
In fact, a whole bunch of ‘mythical creatures' in the King James Bible are simply additions by medieval translators who were more interested in being poetic than in making sure their creatures existed. The cockatrice, a rooster-headed dragon mentioned in the book of Isaiah, has been scaled down in more recent translations to ‘viper.' Lilith, a female demon, has been downgraded to ‘screech owl', and mentions of satyrs (half-man, half-goat creatures) have been changed to ‘goats.' More linguistically accurate, maybe, but nowhere near as fun.
6. Abaddon's Locusts
These guys are ruled by Abaddon, an angel of the bottomless pit whose name means ‘Destroyer.' Because they appear in Revelation, they're of course not satisfied with being normal locusts: instead, they resemble war horses, have the stinging tails of scorpions, the faces of men, long hair like a woman's, and wear crowns of gold and armored breastplates. Their scorpion's tails are used to sting their victims, an experience that's apparently so painful that ‘men shall seek death, and shall not find it.' Ouch.
5. The 200 Million Horsemen
This epic army also appears in the visions of Revelation, although they're not to be confused with the far more famous Four Horsemen, the guys who symbolize Death, War, Famine and Pestilence. But these riders aren't to be messed with, either. Their horses have the heads of lions, tails like serpents, and spit smoke, fire and brimstone out of their mouths. Eventually, they're responsible for the deaths of a third of all mankind. The horsemen army is led by four fallen angels, which is never good.
4. Daniel's Beasts
Like Revelation, the book of Daniel is largely made up of visions which are meant to symbolize real-world events. In one of these visions, Daniel sees no less than four monsters emerge from the sea: one is a lion with eagle's wings, which is then transformed into a human-like creature and has its wings plucked off; one is a bear-like creature who is told to gorge himself on flesh; one looks like a leopard with four wings and four heads, and one has iron teeth and ten horns, with which it destroys the whole earth. And believe it or not, the vision actually gets weirder from there. These beasts are often said to represent four different nations that existed in Daniel's day.
3. The Dragon
Another beast from Revelation, the great Dragon is described as having seven heads and ten horns (those are very popular in Revelation.) He also has a tail capable of sweeping a third of the stars out of the sky. The author later identifies this dragon as Satan himself, who fights against God's angels and is cast into hell.
The King James Bible refers to ‘dragons' elsewhere, but like its mentions of ‘unicorns,' these are mistranslated. Most modern versions of the Bible identify them as jackals, hyenas, or snakes.
2. The Nephilim
Much confusion surrounds the Nephilim, or ‘fallen ones,' who pop up in Genesis and are described only as the offspring of ‘sons of god' and ‘daughters of men.' Some have interpreted this to mean the offspring of angels and human women. Another, less interesting explanation is that the passage refers to the mixing of two human tribes: ‘godly' people descended from the good-guy Seth and the somewhat less godly descendants of bad-guy Cain. If that seems too dull, don't worry: there's also a strong Internet community that believes that the Nephilim were in fact extraterrestrials.
1. Leviathan
The second of the great monsters described in the book of Job, Leviathan is a massive sea-monster who's impervious to human weapons, breathes fire, and emits smoke from his nostrils. Leviathan is probably related to another Ancient Near Eastern monster called Lotan, a seven-headed giant serpent who represented primeval chaos. As with many other Biblical creatures, there are some less exciting theories that insist that Leviathan is just a poetic depiction of a crocodile, although last time I checked crocodiles did not breathe fire.
Liked it? Take a second to support Toptenz.net on Patreon!
17 Shares
3
Other Articles you Might Like
Banks that made reckless home loans have been tiptoeing away from foreclosures in a tactic designed to cut their losses. The result: Orphaned, dilapidated homes dot the landscape from Kendall to Lake Worth.
There are no owners willing to claim and care for them.
A months-long Sun Sentinel investigation of property code violations involving abandoned homes uncovered case after case in which banks launched foreclosure lawsuits but then stalled or avoided taking ownership. In effect, the banks legally sidestepped responsibility for the empty homes, causing great harm to neighborhoods.
The real estate industry calls such properties "bank walkaways." They are no longer maintained by their legal owners, whether they were investors bailing out of unwise deals or families in financial ruin who decamped.
Nor are they being tended to by lenders, which have halted foreclosure proceedings because the remaining equity in the properties is deemed inadequate to cover the banks' costs to reclaim title and maintain, refurbish and sell them.
The practice has contributed to South Florida's foreclosure "limbo" problem in which thousands of vacant homes are stuck in unsettled court proceedings for years.
In Broward County, court officials estimate there are 8,000 dormant foreclosure cases in which there has been no movement for 120 days or more. In Palm Beach County, about 7,100 foreclosure actions show no activity in the past year and in Miami-Dade as many as 3,000 have had no movement in at least ten months.
"A lot of banks don't want the properties … that's the problem you find out," said John Phillips, a member of Fort Lauderdale's Unsafe Structures Board.
In mid-April, at the board's order, the city of Fort Lauderdale tore down a single-story house at 1604 NW 11th Court that had been in foreclosure for four years. Records show it had a dangerous pool and poorly constructed room additions that posed a "windstorm hazard."
CitiFinancial Services had won a ruling in its favor in the foreclosure case in September 2008 but never finished taking title to the property, saying it was trying to work out a loan modification with the owner.
"I'm going to vote to tear it down. I can tell you that right now, because it's gone on too long. I'm here to protect the people," board member Don Larson said last fall, when asked by the bank's attorney for a delay to repair the house.
Several months after the city ordered the house razed, the bank got a judge to dismiss the foreclosure suit altogether. That has left taxpayers with a demolition tab of about $16,000.
Neighborhood nightmare
In its investigation, the Sun Sentinel visited vacant properties in foreclosure limbo where windows are broken or boarded, refuse is strewn on yards and swales, and doors are papered with official warnings to keep away because a house has "no sanitary facilities, no electrical service" or is "unfit for human occupancy."
In Greenacres in central Palm Beach County, one resident got so fed up with the condition of the abandoned vermin-ridden duplex attached to hers, and the lack of response from Bank of America, the mortgage servicer, that she stuck a sign on its window last September that read: "House full of RATS & BANK don't care." The foreclosure case, filed on behalf of another bank, had been ongoing for two years by then.
Afraid, Lynn McGee, 62, took to sleeping with the lights on. "I thought, if nothing else, I'm going to shame the bank," she said of her protest.
Within days, Bank of America promised to address "the report of vermin problems" and soon ended the foreclosure process by unloading the duplex at public auction for $28,000.
McGee, an eyeglass sales manager, remains bitter. Her insurer rejected her requests for thousands of dollars to replace insulation and kitchen counters and cabinets gnawed by rats from next door. McGee blames the bank for her woes.
"I'm mad," she said. "If I had the money to take them to court, I would."
Even South Florida's political leaders can prove powerless when trying to compel lenders to accept some degree of responsibility for a neglected and unoccupied home. Broward County Commissioner Kristin Jacobs lives on a street in Pompano Beach where Wells Fargo sued to foreclose on a home in June 2010.
Squatters moved in. Jacobs said she had to appeal to the city and the Broward Sheriff's Office for aid in getting the putrid pool covered — so no child would fall in — and the windows and doors bolted shut to discourage the squatters.
Meanwhile, the court docket shows the bank has done nothing to claim title to the property since December 2010.
"It's been a nightmare," Jacobs said. "The bank didn't take it back."
For banks, no obligation
South Florida attorney Ben Solomon represents condos and community associations in foreclosure cases. "We see bank delays every day. They really continually have been getting worse. More and more time is going by."
Nationwide, the average foreclosure takes 348 days to complete according to RealtyTrac, a foreclosure tracking firm. In Florida, it's 844 days.
The Sun Sentinel found many cases begun as far back as 2007 and 2008 that dragged on far longer, some coming to closure only in recent months.
The longer the foreclosure process, the more likely owners are to abandon their homes, according to a study issued last November by the U.S. Governmental Accountability Office.
Houses without inhabitants are a headache for everybody in the vicinity. "Vacant and unattended residential properties can attract crime, cause blight, and pose a threat to public safety," the GAO found.
In many cases, borrowers bailed when they couldn't or no longer wanted to meet their mortgage payments.
David Sieminski, who works at a leather goods shop in Key West, no longer tends to the Hollywood house, at 19th Avenue and Monroe Street, that he bought as a rental property for $427,143 in 2005. NAFH Bank, now known as Capital Bank, based in Coral Gables, moved to foreclose on the loan in May 2011.
The Sun Sentinel found a city notice taped to the front door warning that the grass must be cut, weeds pulled and recyclables properly disposed of. Piles of junk, including a bin of glass jars, littered the overgrown backyard.
Support for Tories rises three points to 39% as Labour drops two to 33%, Lib Dems remain at 8% and Ukip drops back two points to tie with Greens on 7%
A Guardian/ICM poll has produced a surprise Conservative lead of six points, taking David Cameron's party to 39% with Labour on 33%.
Most recent polls show Labour with a slight lead or tied with the Conservatives, including a Lord Ashcroft survey also published on Monday that put both parties on 33%.
However, the ICM telephone poll conducted between Friday and Sunday reports that the Conservatives have gained three points while Labour is down by two points in the last month.
ICM's figures say that support for the Liberal Democrats is unchanged, on 8%. Ukip drops back two points to 7%, which leaves them tied for fourth place with the Green party, who are also on 7%, recovering by three points after having fallen to just 4% in March.
Compared with previous ICM polls, this survey suggests the Tories are at their highest standing with ICM since March 2012, just before the “omnishambles” budget.
In contrast, the Ashcroft poll displayed a similar trend to last week's surveys showing support for the Conservatives dropping: Panelbase gave Labour a six-point lead over the Conservatives; Survation for the Daily Mirror put Labour four ahead; and TNS had the party three ahead.
Ashcroft found both major parties were down since his last data two weeks ago – Labour by one point and the Tories by three. Ukip and the Lib Dems were each up three points at 13% and 9% respectively, with the Greens down one at 6% and the SNP unchanged at 4%.
YouGov for the Sunday Times had the parties neck and neck, while YouGov for the Sun gave Labour a three-point lead.
General election 2015: why do phone and internet polls give different results? Read more
Taking in the ICM result, the Guardian's updated average of recent polls puts the Tories on 33.7% and Labour on 33.6%. Support for the Lib Dems has edged up slightly, with Nick Clegg's party on 8.2%. Ukip continues to gradually shed support and is now on 13.3% compared with 15% at the beginning of the year. The Greens are on 5.3%.
If the ICM polling proves accurate, it will mean Lynton Crosby's strategy of focusing the Tory campaign narrowly on the twin themes of leadership and the economy is beginning to pay handsome dividends.
Discussing the result, Martin Boon, of ICM Unlimited, said: “There is inevitably random variation between different polls, which generally falls within a ‘margin of error' of plus or minus three points. The movement we've recorded since the March survey is within that normal bound, albeit only just.”
Boon said the sample chosen looks “demographically sound”, but acknowledges there are signs in the raw data that this sample “could be a just touch too Tory”. In particular, there are more 2010 Conservative voters than ICM would ordinarily expect, and also more voters from the professional occupational grade.
Personal ratings
The survey gives Cameron a remarkably strong net personal rating of +18, with 52% of voters rating him as doing a good job and only 34% suggesting he is doing badly. This is by some way the prime minister's strongest showing with ICM since his honeymoon period in the months after the last election, since when he has mostly been scoring in modestly negative territory. For example, Cameron's net score was -3 last November.
Cameron's personal rating remains comfortably ahead of Ed Miliband's. The Labour leader recovers a touch from a net -42 last November, but still languishes on -30. Cameron's standing is also streets ahead of that of all the other political leaders: Clegg is on -20; Nigel Farage on –16; Natalie Bennett of the Greens on –6. Only Nicola Sturgeon of the Scottish National party (SNP) scores positively, with a net +12.
Voter preferences
On the economy, too, if the survey is right, the Conservatives are walking away with the argument. Cameron and George Osborne, the chancellor, are the more “trusted team to run the economy properly” for 44% of voters, compared to just 17% who would rather trust Miliband and the shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, and 39% who said they would trust neither team.
Turning to voters' preferences about political deals in a potential hung parliament, the poll suggests a shift in sentiment in favour of a fresh Conservative/Lib Dem coalition – the preference of 21% of voters, an increase of eight points by comparison with January, when ICM last put this question.
It makes a continuation of the existing governing partnership the single most popular option if May's vote proves indecisive. 19% would prefer a rainbow alliance of Labour, Greens and the SNP, and 15% a Tory/Ukip pact. A Labour/Lib Dem pact is preferred by just 11%, and a grand coalition of Labour and the Tories is preferred by 10%.
There is comfort for Labour in how people answered the question about the single issue that would concern them most when casting their vote. ICM reports that the issue in question is the NHS, one of Miliband's favourite campaign themes – now twice as important to voters as anything else.
Labour election manifesto: key points Read more
With both main parties trading NHS pledges on spending and midwifery, a total of 34% of respondents named the NHS as the biggest issue, compared with just 17% for both immigration and jobs, prices and wages.
Education is further behind, on 9%, the deficit is at 7%, while Europe (4%), pensions (3%) and crime (1%) all trail as distinctly minority priorities. In the recent past, the NHS has often been voters' top priority, but mostly by much smaller margins.
There is a little solace for Miliband personally, too, when it comes to voters' views on empathy and spin. By 49% to 42%, voters charge Cameron with being “more style than substance”, while only 35% make the charge against the Labour leader compared with 53% who dismiss it in his case.
Miliband's 47%-43% failure to “understand people like me” is decidedly modest compared with Cameron's, who falls short on this measure by 59% to 36%. But on the crucial who “could make a good prime minister” test, the 58%-38% positive balance for Cameron compares strongly with Miliband's 60%-30% deficit.
• ICM Unlimited interviewed a random sample of 1042 adults aged 18+ by telephone on 10-12 April 2015. Interviews were conducted across the country and the results have been weighted to the profile of all adults. ICM is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules.
Offshore wind farm proposed for waters off Victoria's Gippsland
Updated
Plans for an Australian-first offshore wind farm off Victoria's south-east coast, which could provide almost a fifth of the state's energy, have won cautious government support.
Key points: Wind farm could provide 18 per cent of Victoria's energy and power 1.2 million homes
Project still needs government approval
Federal, state ministers have given early support
Offshore Energy has been working with the Federal Government on a feasibility study for the 250-turbine proposal, and will present details of the plan to a Victorian Government-led energy roundtable in Churchill today.
The wind farm — which would be built 10–25 kilometres offshore in waters near Port Albert — would spread over 570 square kilometres in Commonwealth waters, and could provide 18 per cent of the state's energy.
Offshore Energy's managing director Andy Evans said the $8 billion project could reduce carbon emissions by about 10.5 million tonnes per year.
"The benefits of offshore wind, particularly off the coast of Gippsland, is it's a much more consistent and constant wind resource," he said.
"You don't have as many of the restrictions as you would have with other land-based wind resources."
Mr Evans said the wind farm would connect to the existing network and could supply power to 1.2 million homes.
He said the feasibility testing phase would take three years.
"Offshore wind projects have been developing rapidly, particularly in Europe, but also in the northern hemisphere," Mr Evans said.
"There are a number of offshore developers and certainly large infrastructure investors, particularly here and overseas, that are progressing these projects."
Hope for thousands of jobs
Preliminary planning and environmental studies show the plant could generate direct about 12,000 direct and indirect jobs, in a region that has been plagued by job losses since the Hazelwood power station shutdown.
Federal Infrastructure and Transport Minister Darren Chester, who is the MP for Gippsland, has given early support, pending an environmental study.
"We have great natural resources in Gippsland — wind off the coast, coal timber. If there are ways to capture that and turn into energy that powers manufacturing sector, I am all for that," he said.
"But it's important the proponents work with the local community."
Victoria's Energy Minister Lily D'Ambrosio said the company would first need to get the go-ahead from the Federal Government, before seeking Victorian planning and environmental approvals.
"This is a massive project. It's an exciting project, it is unprecedented and one that our Government supports and we'll continue to work alongside Offshore Energy to work through all of the planning requirements," she said.
"We will work together with the Commonwealth to ensure that all of the necessary approvals are dealt with so in the end Offshore Energy can go ahead."
The company said it had not discussed federal funding options.
Cautious optimism from green, development groups
Richard Elkington from Regional Development Victoria warned the feasibility study was expensive and could lead to disappointment.
"It's a good idea for all sorts of reasons – it's not coal," he told ABC Gippsland.
"We shouldn't be carried away with the job numbers though. We've been hearing about potential coal projects for the last 20 years.
"It's always just around the corner and it holds out the prospect of hundreds or thousands of jobs and we've got a great future in the Latrobe Valley, but none of those projects have been realised."
Port Albert cafe owner Michael Hobson raised concerns about the environmental and economic impact on the coastal town, which has a population of about 250, and is a base for fishing fleets and boating.
Mr Hobson said the proposal was close to globally recognised wetlands, and could affect local wildlife.
"It's internationally significant in regards to the birdlife and migratory birdlife that travel out of the area," Mr Hobson said.
"We're looking at excluding our commercial fishing operators and our recreational fishers, which is a significant part of our local economy.
"So of course, that comes with its own issues as well."
Mark Wakeham from Environment Victoria said the offshore windfarm could be a huge opportunity, but there would be risks to manage.
"On balance, we're pretty excited about the potential for this project although we'll be looking very closely at the environmental impacts of it," he said.
Topics: wind-energy, alternative-energy, environment, state-parliament, parliament, government-and-politics, federal---state-issues, port-albert-3971, churchill-3842, melbourne-3000, vic
First posted
In South and Southeast Asia, incidents of religious violence often erupt in places where the number of followers of major faiths happens to be lopsided.
The majority Hindus in India clashing with poor Muslim minorities, for example; or Muslims in Pakistan harassing or killing Christians; or the Buddhists of Myanmar persecuting the Muslim Rohingyas, who are told to go back to neighbouring, Muslim-majority Bangladesh and are now fleeing desperately out to sea. In places like Malaysia and Indonesia, there are still simmering ethnic and religious tensions between majority Muslim Malays, who generally hold power, and ethnic minority Chinese communities, which are mainly Christian.
But we may now have a new candidate for the loneliest, most dangerous religious affiliation: Having none at all.
Story continues below advertisement
Though numerically tiny compared with the fleeing hordes of the religiously persecuted, these are grim times for secularists and atheists in the region – particularly in Bangladesh, where three bloggers have been murdered in recent months.
The most recent came this week: A 33-year-old banker named Ananta Bijoy Das was hacked to death by four men wielding machetes as he walked to work. He had been a contributor to Mukto-Mona, or Free Mind, a blog for free-thinking secularists, atheists and those opposed to Islamic fundamentalism in Bangladesh. Mr. Das, a month earlier, had applied for a visa to visit Sweden. He wanted to attend a press freedom event being held by PEN Sweden, a branch of the free speech organization. The Swedish embassy in Dhaka turned him down, reportedly thinking he might not want to return to Bangladesh.
And now he is dead.
The founder of Mukto-Mona, the Bangladeshi-born U.S. writer and author Avijit Roy, was slashed to death in Dhaka in February – an attack that also wounded his wife. In March, Washiqur Rahman, another secular blogger who critiqued Islamic fundamentalism, was likewise killed.
No one has been arrested. In Bangladesh – as in India, another nominally secular state – persecuted minorities are forced to deal with an establishment (police, government, etc.) staffed almost entirely by the dominant religious majority. In Bangladesh, there is fear that secularists are now easy targets who can be murdered with impunity.
"We are worried about our own safety, because the killers can easily kill and then they can get away," Binoy Vadra, a friend of Mr. Das and a fellow blogger, told the BBC. "We don't know what's going to happen – whether there will be any police to protect us."
Religious violence in the developing world is often sparked by non-religious matters: A competition for scarce resources, say, or scuffles among groups of idle teenagers. In some ways, this makes the overt, targeted killings of secularists calling for an end to fundamentalism even more worrying. After Mr. Roy's murder, some atheists in neighbouring India were said to be getting nervous about whether they might be next.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
There are no political parties in this part of the world for the faithless; and sticking up for persecuted atheists is unlikely to count as a foreign policy coup, particularly when many hold opinions unpalatable to Asian electorates.
Taslima Nasreen, a well-known secular Bangladeshi poet, author and feminist, has lived in exile since 1994 because she feared for her life at home. After fatwas, mob assaults and break-ins, she fled Bangladesh – which has banned her books – bouncing between Europe and India, with her mere presence in certain Indian cities sparking violence. After the death of Mr. Das, Ms. Nasreen tweeted a link to a poem Mr. Das wrote about her – and later tweeted out an image of Bangladesh's flag with a cleaver superimposed on the red circle at its centre.
Figures like Ms. Nasreen often fight a lonely battle, occasionally gaining support from European nations – like France, which trumpeted support for Charlie Hebdo after the massacre of the newspaper's secular staff in Paris at the hands of Islamist extremists. But even many liberals have a hard time supporting stubborn secularists: Members of the PEN American Center who thought the magazine unfairly targeted Muslims recently led a boycott over a gala where surviving Charlie staffers were to get an award. This enraged PEN member Salman Rushdie, who knows what a fatwa feels like.
It is not difficult to see why support for Asia's atheists is hard to come by if one looks at Singapore: There, Amos Yee, a 16-year-old atheist blogger, recently got himself into serious trouble by daring to post a video titled "Lee Kuan Yew is Finally Dead!" The young rabble-rouser mocked the late statesman – whose authoritarian shadow still looms over Singaporeans who push the boundaries of free speech – saying he and Jesus were "both power hungry and malicious." He later posted a cartoon of Mr. Lee having sex with Margaret Thatcher. One member of the public slapped Mr. Yee as he walked into the court.
He was eventually convicted, since Singapore has tough rules on offending the faithful, and got off with a sort of probation. But in a region where being secular could be more dangerous than being a religious minority, it is still better than being killed.
The Emery Ball is a pitch, "invented" by pitcher Russell Ford, which relies on scarring or roughening part of the baseball in order to achieve an unnatural break. [1]
Russell Ford and the discovery [ edit ]
Ford had discovered the effects of scarring the baseball in 1907 while warming up with batterymate Jeff Sweeney while both were playing for the Southern Association Atlanta Crackers. He experimented with the idea of scuffing the ball in 1909 and parlayed it into an astonishing season with the Jersey City Skeeters limiting batters in the Eastern League to a league low 5.6 H/9 innings. [2] [3] [4]
Pitcher Bugs Reisigl would later claim to having used the pitch in 1906 and that roughing the ball to improve the break was somewhat common knowledge. [5]
Ford would manage to keep the emery ball a secret for nearly a decade due to the fact that he was a spitball pitcher as well as being discreet. Not only was the spitball legal pitch at the time, it literally meant moistening the ball with saliva or mucus, as opposed to the modern day usage to refer to any doctored baseball. The exceptional break from the emery ball was merely seen as proof of Ford's excellence as a spitballer.
Cy Falkenberg and the secret exposed [ edit ]
By 1913 a second pitcher, Cy Falkenberg, caught wind of Ford's method of success and used it to revive his career with the Cleveland Naps. However, Falkenberg was less discreet with his new-found secret. Coupled with facts that Falkenberg was a a thirty-three year old veteran when he debuted the pitch and that he was not a spitballer like Ford, the sharp, unnatural break was suspicious to opposing teams, notably pitcher Kid Gleason and manager Clark Griffith. [6]
Both Falkenberg and Ford would jump to the Federal League in 1914 and use the emery ball to great success, but Falkenberg left behind a number of Cleveland pitchers who had seen the emery stitched to his glove. From 1913 to 1915, there were "many pitchers were practicing it. There was a grand stampede for the emery ball." There was speculation that the entire Red Sox staff and several Yankee pitchers were using the pitch. [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] [13]
The banning of the Emery Ball [ edit ]
Ford was accused of originating the pitch, and all three leagues quickly sought to stop the use of the emery ball. The Federal League threatened to fine players two hundred dollars for use of the pitch in an era where the salary for a star pitcher did not often top four thousand dollars. [14]
Mr. F. C. Lane, New York City. My dear Mr. Lane: The following, which is Rule 38, Rules, Instructions and Playing Rules of the Federal League of Professional Base Ball Clubs, was adopted by our organization because the writer felt that it was not sportsmanlike to permit a pitcher to deface the ball:
“The use of what is known as the Emery Ball is positively prohibited. If Emery Paper, Cinders, or any other substance is used by any player to roughen ball, the offender will be fined $200.00 and suspended for 10 days without pay.”
Furthermore, with a ball so defaced, it was hard for a pitcher to keep control, and the possibilities of hitting a batter were greatly increased.
For those reasons I recommended the abolishment of what is known as the “Emery Ball.” Yours very truly, J. A. GILMORE, President. [15]
The three major leagues all clarified that the emery ball would not be tolerated and the emery ball was effectively pitch non grata in professional baseball.
Ford was released from the Buffalo Buffeds with the management openly acknowledging his inability to win games without the use of the emery ball. [16]
Quotes about and issues with the Emery Ball [ edit ]
"The delivery might have been all right but the pitchers who were using it took all kinds of liberties with their new find. In their hands the emery ball speedily became the cinder ball. They would pick up a handful of cinders or gravel and roughen a large, surface on the ball. In this way they would disfigure the ball badly, which was an evil, without doubt, and should have been stopped. I handled the emery ball very carefully, sometimes even using the naturally roughened side of the ball that had been grazed on the ground or against the stand with no work at all on my part. In any case, I roughened only a limited surface, which was scarcely visible." - Pitcher Cy Falkenberg [17]
"It caused a great decrease in batting, or would have caused it had it come into general use. The public like hitting and frown on any innovation that favors the pitcher. The emery ball would have interfered with the most spectacular part of baseball." - Pitcher Russell Ford [18]
"The emery ball required little or no skill on the part of the pitcher. An outfielder with good control and fair speed could have come in and pitched the emery ball. To be sure, a proper use of the ball demanded training, as in any other delivery, but at the same time a person did not have to be a good pitcher to use it. It really discouraged pitching as much as it did batting, for it required nothing else from a man than the ability to roughen a part of the surface of the ball and control the ball when he pitched it." - Pitcher Walter Johnson [19]
"The only freak delivery which I know of that was a freak pure and simple and valuable asset to at least two well-known pitchers, was the famous emery ball. Russel [sic] Ford discovered this ball and used it successfully for years. Later on Cy Falkenberg also used it to stage a sensational comeback with the Cleveland club. He won ten straight games before dropping a contest and succeeded in signing a big contract with the Federal League in consequence. But the Emery ball has been banished, and I believe it will be a long time before another freak delivery appears to successfully rival it. The main asset of the pitcher will always be a legitimate use of approved baseball methods. These rightly employed, will give him all the success to which he is entitled." - Pitcher Eddie Cicotte [20]
"I had a habit as far back as I can remember, of hitting the ball on the spikes of my shoe before I started to pitch [and] what I was doing was really pitching an emery ball. [Russell] Ford, however, made an exact study of the thing and reduced it to a science. He made good use of the idea and it was only when he was about through as a pitcher that the secret leaked out, became common property, and was abolished by all the leagues. I never used the idea in such a thorough way as Ford did. Why didn't I do this? Simple. I didn't have sense enough." - Manager and former pitcher Clark Griffith [21]
"The spit ball interferes with good fielding. Many an error has been made by an infielder who grabbed hold of a wet spit ball and threw wild to first base. The spit ball isn't fair to the fielders." - Manager and former pitcher Clark Griffith, decrying the effects of the spit ball and emery ball [22]
"Whatever I am able to get on the fast ball in the way of sudden breaks comes wholly from the way in which I hold the ball and deliver it. I never use the emery ball, mud ball or any of the other varieties that have been so much talked about and so much criticized." - Pitcher Ernie Shore
Effects of the Emery Ball on the Spit Ball [ edit ]
Prior to the known existence of the emery ball, the spit ball was sometimes seen as the natural evolution of pitching.
"The history of pitching science can be divided into four distant eras: The day of the underhand toss. The day of the overhand toss or throw. The day of the curve ball. The day of the spit ball." - "Pitching, Past and Present: The Evolution of the Twirler's Art" Baseball Magazine (Feb 1912) [23]
"There Are Four Great Types of Pitching Delivery, Namely: Speed, Curve, Slow Ball, and Spit-ball. Speed Was the Earliest Type and is Still the General Favorite. The Curve Revolutionized Pitching, but is Hard on the Arm. The Slow Ball Has, at Best, an Indefinite Place. The Spit-ball is a Wonder but Relatively Uncommon and Difficult to Master. All Are Potential Winners." - "Pitching Science in all its Angles (Part II)" Baseball Magazine (Nov 1913) [24]
After the emery ball, Clark Griffith, a former spit ball pitcher, penned an article titled "Why The Spit Ball Should Be Abolished: An Unnatural and Unfair Delivery, It Should Be Prohibited In All Professional Ball Parks" in 1917 which derided the use of the spit ball and emery ball and advocated the grandfathering of current major league spitballers. [25]
Former Cubs owner Charles Webb Murphy lauded the American Association for banning the spit ball in 1919, a year before the National League and American League would. Special mention was made to Cy Falkenberg being traded out of the American Association which coincided with the enforcement of the no spit ball and emery ball rule. [26]
Meet Ron and Marye, One Nation's unlikely WA powerbrokers
Updated
They are the married couple behind Pauline Hanson's Western Australian operation.
Ron McLean, 86, and Marye Louise Daniels, 79, have been put in charge of screening and shortlisting One Nation's candidates for the state election.
Their association with Senator Hanson goes back almost 20 years, and they were thrilled when she phoned in October asking for their help again.
"When she rang us up to say she was giving it to us we were really very proud, and we asked her what changed her mind, and she said 'Marye and Ron, you're the only people we can trust in WA','" Ms Daniels said.
"I do love her. I love her very much."
Mr McLean and Ms Daniels have reprised their former roles as president and secretary of the WA Branch of One Nation in readiness for the March election.
Their job is to shortlist candidates and present options to Senator Hanson, who will have the final say when she visits in January.
The party's success at this year's federal election has meant they have been inundated with applications.
They are now going through them one by one from their home in Kewdale, where Senator Hanson has stayed 11 times over the years.
In the past week, they claim to have been approached by three would-be defectors.
"I have got the names of people from the National Party, the Labor Party, the Liberal Party ... [who] have all approached us that they want to stand for us," Ms Daniels said.
They claim the person who approached them from the Liberal Party was not happy with his position on the Upper House ticket, and wanted Senator Hanson's One Nation to put him first.
Couple seeking 'more loyal' candidates
One Nation has a chequered history of choosing candidates in WA.
Three members were elected to the Legislative Council in 2001, but they all turned independent before their terms finished after years of infighting.
The party's only other elected member in WA, Rodney Culleton, is weighing up his future in the Senate after falling out with Senator Hanson.
Mr McLean and Ms Daniels said they had misgivings about Senator Culleton and wished they had said something sooner.
They are hoping a more rigorous screening process will result in MPs who are "trustworthy" and "more loyal to Pauline" than previous members.
And despite riding the party's highs and lows over two decades, the pair's devotion to Senator Hanson has never wavered.
"She's never changed. She's always been there for the people of Australia and she's always said more or less the same thing all along," Mr McLean said.
"She's such a good girl. I can't think of anyone over the last 20 years who's been so devoted to this country," said Ms Daniels.
The party is still awaiting formal registration by the WA Electoral Commission after signing up the necessary 500 members.
But Mr McLean and Ms Daniels say this election will be their last.
They say that when their work is done, they want to hand the party over to a younger generation that's more savvy with Facebook.
Topics: states-and-territories, political-parties, government-and-politics, elections, perth-6000, wa
First posted
ASUNCION/MONTEVIDO, Dec 26 (Reuters) - More than 100,000 people have had to evacuate from their homes in the bordering areas of Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil and Argentina due to severe flooding in the wake of heavy summer rains brought on by El Niño, authorities reported on Saturday.
In the worse affected country, Paraguay, around 90,000 people in the area around the capital city Asuncion have been evacuated, the municipal Emergency Office said. Many are poor families living in precarious housing along the banks of the River Paraguay.
The Paraguayan government has declared a state of emergency in Asuncion and seven regions of the country to free up funds to help those affected.
In Alberdi, some 120 kilometers (75.5 miles) south of Asuncion, the government has recommended that 7,000 more families living along the banks of the River Paraguay evacuate.
More than 9,000 people in Uruguay also had to flee their homes, according to the national Emergency Office, which added that it expected water levels to remain at their current level for several days before subsiding.
“The flooding is caused by the El Niño weather phenomenon,” Uruguay Emergency Office Chief Fernando Traversa said. “We knew it would have its strongest impact towards the end of spring, start of summer ... but we could not know how much.”
This year's “El Nino,” which sparks global climate extremes, is the worst in more than 15 years, the U.N. weather agency, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), said last month.
“Severe droughts and devastating flooding being experienced throughout the tropics and sub-tropical zones bear the hallmarks of this El Nino, which is the strongest in more than 15 years,” WMO chief Michel Jarraud said in a statement.
In northern Argentina, around 20,000 people have had to abandon their homes, the government said on Saturday.
“We are going to have a few complicated months, the consequences will be serious,” said Ricardo Colombi, the governor of the Corrientes region, after flying over the worst affected areas with national Cabinet Chief Marcos Pena.
Pena said national government aid was already on its way and the new president, Mauricio Macri, who took office earlier this month, intended to make improving infrastructure a priority so that such flooding did not occur again.
“Argentina has a very big lack of infrastructure,” he said.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff also flew over the flooded areas on the border with Argentina and Uruguay on Saturday morning. Rio Grande do Sul state Civil Defense said 1,795 people were left homeless there after 38 towns were affected by heavy rains. (Additional reporting by Sarah Marsh in Buenos Aires and Anthony Boadle in Brasilia; Writing by Sarah Marsh; Editing by Sandra Maler)
While several of us here at Rogue Planet write steadily about the UFO phenomenon, we will be the first to admit that the topic in general, along with its many sub-topics, are ripe with controversy, hoaxes, and straight-up fraud. And while we pride ourselves on covering the most credible UFO cases we possibly can, we thought we'd take a moment to keep you up to speed with which cases and topics to steer clear of if you are diving into the UFO/Alien pool for the very first time…
The Alien Autopsy Video
While many different alien autopsy films made the rounds on the internet, one in particular made international news when Fox aired a special called, Alien Autopsy: Fact or Fiction.
Turns out… it was 100% fiction.
Word came out in 2006, when the creators of the film, Ray Santilli and Gary Shoefield, finally admitted that they had hoaxed the entire thing.
Many who have surfed Youtube still believe the film to be authentic. We're here to tell you that if there were an alien autopsy film that were real, something tells us Fox wouldn't be the first to create a special on it.
The Jonathan Reed Video
In 1996, Dr. Jonathan Reed claimed that he had encountered an alien in the woods near his home. This alien had killed Reed's dog. In retaliation, Reed hit the alien over the head with a branch from a nearby tree. Reed just so happened to have a video camera with him at the time, and filmed the alien's craft, the half-dead alien itself, and his personal examination of it when he dragged it back to his home.
The video instantly went viral, the world torn on whether or not this was all staged or not. Well… the answer soon came to light in 2010, when the hosts a television show, “Fact or Fake: Paranormal Files” investigated the video. They were able to duplicate it almost shot or shot, and also performed a voice analysis stress test on Reed. The test proved that Reed was being extremely deceptive. While this doesn't prove a hoax, the evidence points to fraud as Reed charges astronomical fees to attend lectures he gives about his experience, and his messages about humanity. Do us a favor… don't friend him on Facebook. For your own good.
Billy Meier
You've probably seen his photos and videos floating (hovering?) around the internet, as they are some of the most popular (and clear) images of UFOs ever taken. Meier also claimed contact with aliens many, many times. These aliens told him of future destruction, and that he was a messenger that needed to get the word to the masses. Meier became a poster child for the contactee movement. But it would seem that his photos, videos, and messages were indeed a little too good to be true.
Many skeptics have duplicated Meier's photos time and time again. Even Meier's ex-wife claims that every photo and video were hoaxed. Since the mid 70's, Meier has amassed a huge following of believers that remains even today. Many photo-analysis experts have been able to debunk Meier's photos, deducing that they are nothing more than models created from simple house-hold items.
Michael Horn, the self-proclaimed publicist for Meier, still alleges that everything Meier claims is true, and despite the evidence, continues to spread the hoax as far as he possibly can. One may wonder what's in it for Horn? I think we all know that answer to that, so I'll spare you.
The McPherson Tape
Before The Blair Witch Project, there was The McPherson Tape. I still remember watching this special air on television as a child, and it scared the ever-loving hell out of me. Many people in the UFO community saw this film as being not only real, but solid proof that aliens were actually abducting humans.
But it wasn't long before the creator's of the film came forward, going so far as to produce photos of the alien costumes from the “found footage” along with detailed blueprints of the “spaceship” featured in the tape. Many of the “family” members in the film have also been exposed as actors, being seen in many television programs and movies after the first airing of The McPherson Tape.
Despite this, the film continues to spread across the digital highways, believers clinging to it as the most authentic evidence of alien abduction to date. I mean… come on, guys/gals. No. Just no.
Crop Circles
These beautiful formations have been an English staple for many decades now, sparking much debate across the world. Many movies have even implemented the phenomenon into their alien-themed movie, most notably that of the M. Night Shyamalan film, Signs.
It wasn't until 1991, that Doug Bower and Dave Chorley, two Englishmen, admitted having created many of the intricate designs found in the fields across the English countrysides. They even explained just exactly how they created many of them. The process spread, and many across the globe have been caught in the act creating them, some even facing legal charges for trespassing and tampering with private property.
There are those who still believe these designs are alien-created, saying that any human's who have claimed they made them are simply a cover story for the actual ET hand behind the phenomenon. Either way, they make for awesome wallpapers for your desktop.
Conclusion
While there seems to be a genuine mystery behind the UFO phenomenon, there is no arguing that there are those who have used the mystery and intrigue for their own personal gain, feeding off the fear and desperation from those who want nothing more than to believe. And while hoaxes and frauds will always be a part of this deeply enigmatic topic, all we can truly do is sift through the noise, find the signal, and continue to check out sources. Then, and only then, perhaps we can start to find answers.
Also… it was a mummy, Jaime. Let it go, man.
The final in the set of 4 I made. I got this idea in my head and just had to try it. This was a G4 Rainbow Dash that I've very much modified. It's been addictive as can be! I'm really enjoying adapting Pokémon into ponies. I'm going to open commissions for customized ponies like these, note me if you want more info.At current I'm not really interested in making a Pokémon more than once unless it looks a lot different that the previous one I made. So if you like this Ho-Oh, she's very likely to be one-of a kind.This was the first one I custom painted. And I really think it turned out nicely! I haven't done too much with acrylics before but it seems my stable hand from sculpture has been serving me well! Her body was painted dark orange and the rest is all clay, including the green on her wings.She's available to buy on etsy here: [link] The others I made:
Sen. John Walsh, D-Mont. (Photo11: Charles Dharapak, AP)
WASHINGTON — Sen. John Walsh, D-Mont., announced Thursday that he is dropping out of the Senate race after it became clear that he could not overcome the fallout from a plagiarism scandal.
"The 2007 research paper from my time at the U.S. Army War College has become a distraction from the debate you expect and deserve," Walsh said in a statement. "I am ending my campaign so that I can focus on fulfilling the responsibility entrusted to me as your U.S. senator. You deserve someone who will always fight for Montana, and I will."
Walsh is not resigning his Senate seat and will serve out the term that ends in January.
Walsh, an Army veteran, was the Democrats' top 2014 candidate when he was appointed in February to the Senate after Sen. Max Baucus left to serve as U.S. ambassador to China. His appointment was supposed to give him an electoral edge as the incumbent in a tough election climate for Democrats against GOP Rep. Steve Daines.
Daines has consistently led in the polls for the Senate seat.
A New York Times story in late July revealed that Walsh had plagiarized significant amounts of text in a thesis that earned him a master's degree from the Army War College in 2007. The college is conducting a review that could strip him of his degree. Walsh apologized and said it was a mistake and noted that he has suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder related to his war service.
This week, two Montana papers called for Walsh to end his Senate campaign and to focus only on the remainder of his term.
The Democrats' State Central Committee has until Aug. 20 under state law to choose a replacement candidate for the November ballot.
In a conference call with reporters, Montana Democratic Party Executive Director Andrea Marcoccio said a nominee will be selected by the committee, which includes Democratic Party officials and elected officeholders, at a nominating convention in the coming days.
"The Montana Democratic Party looks forward to an open and transparent opportunity for Democrats to come together to decide our new nominee," said Jim Larson, Montana Democratic Party chairman. "As we move forward in this race, we must remember this election is not about one person; it's about Montana."
A Daines victory would bank a seat for Republicans in their battle to take control of the Senate this year. Republicans are heavily favored to win Democratic-held seats in South Dakota and West Virginia, providing three of the six seats they need to capture the majority in the Senate.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1nwSaWV
The official website of the Puella Magi Madoka Magica television anime series announced on Tuesday that Mercedes-Benz will showcase Puella Magi Madoka Magica electric cars at the 15th Japan Media Arts Festival in Tokyo from February 22 to March 4.
In addition, Mercedes-Benz will allow visitors to test drive the "wrapping cars" for free. (Drivers must have a license to drive in Japan and a (free) Mercedes-Benz Connected Card membership. They must also be 20 years or older, or have an accompanying guardian.)
The display celebrates Madoka Magica's Grand Prize in the Animation Division of the 15th Japan Media Arts Festival Awards.
[Via 0takomu]
Image © Magica Quartet/Aniplex, Madoka Partners, MBS
Update: More information added. One of the wrapping cars has already been spotted in Tokyo.
Update 2: Gigazine posted a report about one of the cars and the rest of the Madoka Magica exhibit at the festival.
When I wrote a piece at the Forward pointing out that Gal Gadot is white, I did not expect there to be a backlash. Gadot is, after all, playing a white character; she was clearly cast because people see her as white.
The argument that she was a person of color was transparently made in bad faith; it was meant to distract from actual POC folks asking for better representation. I thought I was making a fairly uncontroversial point.
White people, though, really don't like to be told that they're white. The piece prompted a number of rebuttals, including one by Dani Ishai Behan at the Times of Israel and a piece by Joel Finkelstein at the Forward's contributor's network. Both Finkelstein and Behan argue that Ashkenazi Jews are a distinct ethnicity, and that Jews often face prejudice. The first point is debatable — ethnicity is not much more stable than race. The second is indisputably true. Both are, however, beside the point.
The discussion about Gadot as a POC is about representation. Women of color have pointed out, accurately, that Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman does not answer their demands for heroic roles for black women or for women of color. Jewish women who are white, on the other hand, have no trouble getting high profile roles. Scarlett Johansson is probably the single most successful female actor alive at the moment. Natalie Portman, who is an Israeli Jew, regularly gets roles playing white protagonists like Jackie Kennedy. In that context, it is absurd to say that a white Jewish woman like Gal Gadot is shattering barriers for women of color.
Finkelstein and Behan, though, barely mention the issue of casting. Instead, they both spiral off to argue that Jews are oppressed. Jews certainly have been oppressed in some times and places. But white Jews are not currently shut out of roles in Hollywood. If someone says, “I cannot get a job because I am discriminated against,” and you respond by saying, with Behan, “well, my ancestors may at one point have been raped by Cossacks,” you're not participating in a good faith discussion. You're trying to cloud the issue so you don't have to face the particular injustice that's in front of you at the moment.
The move to talk about something else — anything else — is, ironically, typical of the way in which whiteness defends itself when challenged. Finkelstein and Behan insist they are not white. Okay, then. Why then are they so desperately uninterested in the injustices and indignities meted out to people of color? Finkelstein says it is anti-Semitic to advance a narrative that “decouples Jewish identities and legitimate suffering from the causes of all other oppressed persons of color.” But there is not a word in his piece about the causes of those other people of color, even though the conversation was originally about the fact that people of color don't get represented as heroes in Hollywood. There is an issue facing people of color on the table. When you talk about standing with them in suffering, are you actually standing with them? Or are you standing on their necks?
The history of Jewish oppression should, ideally, be a way for Jews, white or otherwise, to align themselves with marginalized people. The legacy of anti-Semitic caricature, as just one example, should make Jewish people aware of the importance of media representation. Film and television can lead people to hate others, to ignore others, and even to doubt themselves. There are vanishingly few women of color in starring superhero roles on the big screen; there are few starring roles for women of color in general. Every woman of color in a heroic role is a painful, hard-won victory in the face of a culture that, as a rule, views women of color with indifference and contempt. Pretending Gal Gadot is a POC for those purposes is not a way to fight for women of color. It's an intentional effort to trivialize their struggle. It's yet another way to tell people of color that their exclusion is righteous and normal, and that white people's stories are the only stories that matter.
Jews who are white have a choice. We can side with the marginalized, noting that Jewish safety in a white society is uncertain, and what is done to others may one day, again, be done to us. Or we can leverage our particular history of past discrimination as a rhetorical weapon against folks who face discrimination now. To do the latter, no matter one's color or background, is to embrace whiteness.
This story "Why Do White People Get Mad When They're Called White?" was written by Noah Berlatsky.
The Iranian government has fired back at Canada for removing an exiled Iranian opposition group from its terrorist blacklist while simultaneously affixing terrorist status to a branch of the Iranian military, a move the Central Asian regime said was “a dangerous move that can weaken international peace and security.”
Canada is “using the issue of terrorism as a tool and violating its international commitments,” said the Iranian foreign ministry on Monday, according to a report by AFP.
The comments, made to state broadcaster IRIB, are only the latest sign of worsening Iranian-Canadian relations spurred in part by Canada's decision to sever diplomatic relations with the Central Asian country in September.
Founded in 1965, Mujahedin-e Khalq (MEK) was one of the groups behind the 1979 Iranian revolution, although it soon turned against the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The group largely entered the radar of Canadian officials due to a series of assassinations it orchestrated against U.S. officials in the 1970s, as well as MEK efforts to recruit Canadian teenagers and a 1992 attack on the Iranian Embassy in Ottawa.
Nevertheless, on Dec. 20 MEK became one of the few entities to ever be removed from Canada's terrorist blacklist. Public safety minister Vic Toews offered no justification for the delisting, but a spokesperson noted that the delisting followed on a decision made earlier this year by the United States. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton removed MEK's terrorist designation in September, citing the group's public renunciation of violence and the fact that it had not committed a confirmed act of terrorism in 10 years.
In response, Iranian state media accused the U.S. government of employing a “double standard policy” on terrorism that distinguished between “good and bad terrorists.”
“Out of the 17,000 Iranians killed in terrorist attacks since the victory of the Islamic Revolution in 1979, 12,000 of them have fallen victim to the acts of terror carried out by [MEK],” alleged a broadcast at the time by Iran's Press TV.
While opening the door to one of Iran's enemies, in mid-December Canada also assigned terrorist status to the Quds Force, a branch of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps charged with funding and training foreign extremist groups.
In an online description, the Ministry of Public Safety fingers the Quds force as a supporter of the Taliban, Lebanese Hizballah, Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General, a group that pioneered airplane hijackings during the 1970s and carried out suicide bombings on Israeli targets during the early 2000s.
We will continue to express serious concern about the ongoing and pervasive human rights violations in Iran
In September, Canadian Foreign Affairs minister John Baird expelled Iranian diplomats from Canada, citing the country as a state sponsor of terrorism. In the months since, the two countries have been locked in a increasingly heated war of words.
Also on Dec. 20, the Department of Foreign Affairs boasted of a Canadian-led resolution in the United Nations General Assembly to denounce the state of Iranian human rights. “Canada will not stay silent on these issues. We will continue to express serious concern about the ongoing and pervasive human rights violations in Iran, including the persecution of religious minorities,” read a release.
In recent months, Immigration Minister Jason Kenney has also touted targeted Canadian efforts to provide safe haven for gay Iranian refugees, who risk capital punishment under Iranian law.
Iran, for its part, has kept up a steady stream of anti-Canadian reports on state television. Earlier this month, the network ran a bizarre report alleging that Canadian counter-terrorism units were abducting First Nations children as part of a for-profit human trafficking ring.
National Post, with files from Stewart Bell
• Email: thopper@nationalpost.com | Twitter: TristinHopper
Jun 2006
IT'S NOT OFTEN I'm asked for my autograph these days but when I went to pick up my Bonneville Scrambler the staff at Team Roberts Triumph in Doncaster (01709 860001) made a right fuss of me. They were, however, along with most of my mates, surprised at my choice of long term loan bike, everyone naturally assuming I'd go for a sports machine. There's method in my madness though, and for more than one reason I decided to try something a bit different.
First, I know that, despite any good intentions on my part, if I ride a sports bike all summer I'll get all excited and end up with a load of points on me licence. And anyway, I get to ride all the latest 'race-bred' stuff for the mag (I know ,I know, lucky bastard... ).
Secondly, the type of riding I do from home is typically short-haul. Nipping to a mate's house, shooting down to B&Q for another power tool (it's an affliction of mine) or dodging off to a local cafe for a brew. So mostly A road with a bit of traffic on it then, and for this you really don't need 170bhp!
And lastly, the looks. Aesthetics can be a very personal thing, especially with bikes, but for me the Scrambler's looks are perfect. The first time I took the bike out I had an old bloke come up to me and comment that he never knew Triumph had made the Bonneville with disc brakes. It took me 20
minutes to explain this was a brand-new bike made to resemble the old Bonnie. He still had a confused look on his face as I rode off.
The only thing I'm a little disappointed with is the noise, or lack of it. It's so quiet the only way you can tell if the motor's running is by feeling how much warmer your right leg is compared to your left (the pipes run inside your right knee). Leg hot - engine running; leg cold - engine probably off! Urry informs me a noisier set of pipes are available. I'll let you know.
I've only done about 150 miles so far and I'm unlikely to be doing more than a couple of thousands over the whole summer, but I already know that I've made the right choice for the type of riding I want to do with it.
All I need now is an open-faced lid. The first shop window I passed and saw myself in I realised I looked a right nobber riding the Scrambler with a full- face helmet on.
August 2006
EVERYONE KNOWS THAT famous picture from The Great Escape, the one of Steve McQueen parked up next to a 'Halt' sign sat on his Triumph Tiger 100 done up to look like a German Zundapp. It's actually a publicity shot, not a still from the film, and it was taken on the day they were doing the big jump near the end of the film. Steve McQueen was always a big hero of mine. I had a poster of that picture when I was a kid, but lost it when we moved house.
Eventually I managed to replace the poster and now it's got pride of place in my office at home. Anyway, since I got me Scrambler I've been dickin' about trying to look like Steve McQueen, and I've said all along I was going to recreate that picture. Finally I've done it, with help from a mate who's a sign writer. In fact, the sign is the best bit - I don't look anything like Steve McQueen! But there you go...
After I moaned about the Scrambler being too quiet, Triumph, bless 'em, sent a goody box of shiny things to bolt on. Ooh, it was like Christmas - a single seat and chrome rack to replace the twin seat, an alloy sump plate, number boards and a pair of exhaust cans. I had the boxes open and said parts bolted on in minutes, and it looks a right Bobby Dazzler. Only thing is, now it's too loud! It's gone from a bike you can't hear to one that has a sonic footprint measured on the Richter scale. After going out once with the cans on and seeing old women with bleeding ears on me way home, and what with Tim cracking down on noisy longtermers, I thought it best to put the quiet ones back on. Christ, will ya listen to me! I was never this picky when I raced!
The only thing I can pick fault with is the indicator warning light. It isn't bright enough, so I'm always getting flashed at for leaving 'em. I've taken to sticking my arms out to signal like I do on me pushbike.
During the good weather we've had recently I've been out on the bike nearly every day for one reason or another. Nipping out on errands, or just going out coz the sun's shining and I can.
October 2006
THE TRUMPET IS still getting ridden on a daily basis, in fact I'm probably riding more road miles per week now than I have since I was 17 or 18 and didn't own a car. And I'm still enjoying the idea that you can't rush anywhere on it. It's the only bike I've ever ridden where someone's come past me on another bike and I haven't wanted to race them; you just smile as they go by, safe in the knowledge that you look cooler than them. I once got talked into going on a Norfolk Broads boating holiday and it was the same feeling. Once I got used to the fact that the boat had a top speed of four knots (that's just less than 5mph to you land lubbers), I really enjoyed it.
I know I'm gonna get slated for saying this - I can hear the 'tutting' noises already - but I'm gonna tell you anyway. With all this red hot weather I've been riding the bike a bit just wearing a T-shirt and jeans - and a helmet, obviously. I don't mean if I'm going a long way - if I'm setting off on a trip I don a jacket and boots, and when I'm riding a sports bike I feel naked if I'm not wearing full leathers and body armour. But if I'm just nipping to the shops or on a local errand on my Scrambler
I see no problem with going in a T-shirt and riding accordingly. There, I've said it now, complaints on a postcard to the usual address!
With all the building work going on round my place I managed to get a nail in the rear tyre, and even fixing that had a retro feel to it. When I took the wheel out and levered the tyre off, guess what? There was an inner tube inside. Remember them? So instead of taking the tyre down to your local dealers, being told the hole is in the 'wrong place' to be fixed and having to buy a new tyre, it was simply a matter of nipping to the hardware shop, investing £1.50 in a puncture repair kit and sticking a patch on. Mint!
December 2006
WELL, IT WAS bound to happen sooner or later. It's taken six months but I've started
dicking about on my Bonnie ! I don't mean that in a bad way or coz I'm bored, I'm not, I still love this bike. It's just that I've spent so much time on it, that, occasionally, I've started to push the envelope a bit.
And I'll tell ya what, as long as the roads aren't too bumpy it doesn't mind being pushed on a bit. Although when you're tankin' along on really rough Tarmac (and there's plenty of that up north) both the front and rear suspension feel a bit under sprung and under damped. Even though I've wound the preload adjusters on the rear shocks to maximum, and I only weigh 11-stone (ish... ), I've still had it bottoming out a couple of times.
The footrests drag on the ground as soon as you start riding, erm, lets say 'enthusiastically'. On a sports bike this would be a really bad thing, but on the Trumpet it becomes just another one of the bike's endearing features. Let me explain. Because the engine is fairly narrow, the exhausts are high level and the footrests pivot upwards, the decking is never going to get you into any bother at all. Well, except perhaps with the odd pedestrian who thinks just coz he's heard a bit of scraping and seen a few sparks the world is coming to an end.
The stock silencers have had to go back on. The aftermarket ones sounded mint but were just too loud for everyday running about. It wasn't so bad if you never went over a quarter throttle, but if you wanted to rev it a bit more you were in serious danger of breaking house windows or setting car alarms off.
I've also managed a couple of wheelies. Once you get the thing up to somewhere near the balance point you're away. It's getting the wheel up at all that's the problem. The routine I've worked out to achieve this calls for split-second timing and a three-Weetabix
breakfast !
The bottom line is I still love my Scrambler and use it on a daily basis, and even if you do end up
getting a bit frisky with it, it's the least likely bike I've ever ridden to turn round and bite you on the arse.
February 2007
I'VE DONE the best part of four thousand miles on't Trumpet now. I know for some of you that doesn't sound a lot, but for me it is.
In fact, it's more than I've ever done in a summer on any other single bike. Even now when the weather's turned and the roads are mostly damp and slimy with salt,I still find myself layering-up and taking to the bike occasionally. And especially so if I'm not going far or have to go anywhere there's likely to be any traffic to get through.Got to admit though, you don't get the same 'look at me, look how cool I am' feeling riding the Scramblerat this time of year. I think evenSteve McQueen himself would struggle to impress the ladies while wearing his winter riding gear over several layers of thermal undies, filtering through traffic on the M62 in the pissing rain.
But I've really enjoyed running the Triumph this year and if it were sat in my garage for another 12 months I would always do some miles on it, either going from A to B or when I just wanted to put on me open faced lid and go for a pled in the sunshine. And let's face it, this isn't the type of bike that's gonna look out of date when you wheel it out next spring coz the '07 model has an extra 2bhp in the midrange and different graphics on the fairing. The whole idea of this bike is that it looks 40 years old when it's new... if you know what I mean.
If it were the only machine in my garage and if I didn't get to ride all the latest and most up-to-date bikes available, I think I maybe would have got bored with the Scrambler a bit sooner than I have. If it were my only bike it would be just a tad boring. Useful, practical, economical, good looking... but slightly dull. Can I keep it though? I'll change my mind back next summer, just you wait.
(CNN) Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao stood shoulder-to-shoulder Tuesday with President Donald Trump, the same man who railed against her husband, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, last week and demanded that the lawmaker "get back to work" on health care.
"I stand by my man -- both of them," Chao said, when asked by reporters what she thought of her boss's criticism of her husband.
Chao attended a meeting with the President on infrastructure at Trump Tower, and stood to his left side when he spoke to the press about his agenda, followed by a series of questions about his comments on the recent unrest in Charlottesville, Virginia.
After Trump finished speaking to the media, he handed the podium off to Chao, as well as Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney.
Tensions flared last week when McConnell said at an event in Kentucky that Trump had "excessive expectations" of the pace at which Congress can operate. He criticized Trump's White House for imposing "artificial deadlines," saying it creates the wrong perception that lawmakers are underperforming.
Read More
Lack of data on pollution and habitat loss makes it hard to gauge wider effect of shale gas development in North America
A decade into North America's fracking boom, the impact on wildlife and the environment remains largely unknown, according to a new study.
“We're conducting a giant experiment without even collecting the important data on the water, air, land or wildlife impacts,” said Sara Souther, an ecologist at the University of Wisconsin, one of the co-authors of the peer-reviewed research examining the environmental impacts of shale gas development in the US and Canada.
Although the technique of hydraulic fracturing shale has been used for at least 20 years, there is “surprisingly little research” on impacts, found the study, published in the journal Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment.
“We do know chemical contamination of ground and surface water is happening all the time but no one knows what the impacts are because the data isn't being collected,” Souther said.
Spills, accidents, leaks from well casings and the dumping of toxic wastewater into streams are regular occurrences but no one knows the extent, she said. Often the data is not being compiled, while some US states do not even ask the the industry to report “minor” spills or accidents. In nearly all cases it is up to companies to “self-report”.
The industry has long claimed there is no proof of water contamination. Souther accepted this until she learned that baseline studies had not been done before an area was fracked.
Water contamination tops a long list of environmental impacts including air and noise pollution and habitat fragmentation – but in all cases there is little information, making it impossible to get a big picture of these multiple stressors on wildlife and the environment, she said.
“It's crazy. How can we know what the real risks are without any basic information?”
The fracking industry also enjoys an exemption from the US Safe Drinking Water Act. That means the US Environmental Protection Agency does not regulate the injection of chemicals into shale gas wells. Two-thirds of the 150 wells researchers investigated used at least one undisclosed chemical - some used 20 or more.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Laramie, Wyoming, US - Mechanical birds are set up to water scare away birds that may want to land in the poisonous water. Photograph: Greg Winston/Corbis
Fracking sites operate with lots of noise, lights, flaring of gas and heavy vehicle traffic operating 24/7. The very few studies on wildlife impacts show that rare species like the sage grouse are being driven from their nest areas. Large parts of the Marcellus shale gas region is in the poor but heavily forested regions of Appalachia.
“These are the most biodiverse temperate forests in the world,” said Souther.
Fracking has exploded in the US since 2007. Hundreds of thousands of wells have now been fracked, which involves the deep underground injection of millions of litres of water and chemicals. Nine out 10 of the 11,000 to 12,000 new gas and oil wells drilled every year now use the technique.
Shale gas accounted for 39% of all natural gas produced last year in the United States and about 15% in Canada.
While gas wells are next door to schools and homes, and in the middle of farm fields, most are in remote areas.
“Forests or grasslands that were once continuous are now islands fragmented by a dense web of roads, pipelines and well pads. At what point does the canvas fall apart?” said co-author Viorel Popescu, an ecologist at Canada's Simon Fraser University.
The UK and any other country should conduct careful scientific studies on impacts with some pilot projects before plunging into full-scale shale gas development, she said.
“Bottom line: Shale gas has not been proven safe for freshwater or the environment.”
Team USA's 25-man roster at this year's IIHF World Championship includes six players who played college hockey this season. Three of those were linemates with the No. 7-ranked team in the nation and the Big Ten tournament champion – the University of Michigan Wolverines.
“We were all called at the same time and were really excited,” said Tyler Motte, the right winger on the line. “It had been mentioned before and we had an idea it might happen.”
Having an entire forward line chosen to the Men's World Championship, which includes some of the best hockey players in the world, is quite unusual, but the way the ‘CCM Line' tore up NCAA hockey this year was quite unusual, too. Kyle Connor, J.T. Compher and Motte finished first, second and fourth in NCAA men's ice hockey scoring this season with 71, 63 and 56 points respectively in 38 games.
“We're all really excited and honored to be here. This is the first World Championship for all of us,” said Compher.
For Compher and Motte, the connection is stronger as the pair has been playing together for three seasons now at Michigan.
“I've played with Tyler for a long time now in university, and along with Kyle this past year things went pretty well.”
To say things went pretty well is an understatement. Compher's and Motte's statistics ballooned, while Connor put up phenomenal numbers as a freshman – scoring almost a goal and an assist per game to lead all college hockey in scoring. He was named Big Ten Player of the Year, Rookie of the Year, and all three were finalists for the Hobey Baker Award, which ultimately went to Harvard's Jimmy Vesey.
“Those are nice awards, but at the end of the day it doesn't mean anything if the team doesn't win,” Connor figures, noting that the team was eliminated in the quarterfinals of the NCAA Tournament.
While upset about the loss, he didn't want to dwell on it, stating, “I have to look at what the next challenge is and work hard at it.”
At the start of the current challenge, the World Championship, U.S. head coach John Hynes did the expected and kept the trio together, but after dropping two of their first three games, changes were bound to be made.
“For the first couple games we (played together) but you know there are so many talented players here that they're going to shake things up a little bit now and again,” said Motte. “It's nice playing with guys you're used to, but at the same time, it's also really good experience to get the chance to play with some different guys. It's important to be able to make those adjustments.”
For three games, Motte and Compher played with versatile 34-year-old Matt Hendricks, the captain of Team USA for the second straight year.
“He's been around the block,” Compher said of Hendricks. “He's a great guy to learn from, and as the tournament goes on I've been able to pick up little things from him.”
In the USA's 4–0 win over France, it was Hendricks and Motte who set up Compher for his first-ever goal for the U.S. national senior men's team – it was a bit of a reversal from the norm, as usually Compher is the playmaker and Motte is the shooter.
“Yeah that's the way it seemed to go this year,” chuckled Compher, who racked up an NCAA-leading 47 assists this season. “But in the past couple years it was more even. This year, Tyler became a real sniper.”
In fact, after scoring nine goals in each of his first two seasons at Michigan, Motte's total jumped to 32 this season. That ranked second in all college hockey behind only Connor's 35.
While the other two played with Hendricks, Connor played with a few different linemates and was a healthy scratch for a couple of games. Finally, the trio was re-united for the last game of the group-stage against Slovakia, with a berth in the quarterfinals at stake.
“I've played with them all year so we're used to each other. It was good to get back into the lineup,” Connor said after the U.S. team earned a single point to advance to the next round. “We knew it was going to be a hard game. Both teams had their lives on the line. We still made some mistakes but at least we got the job done and we're going to the next round.”
It hasn't been easy, but all three players are learning from the veteran players around them and getting used to life as professionals, which will serve them well as they embark on their pro careers. Motte has already played a handful of games in the AHL for the Rockford IceHogs after the college season, and all three will be attending their first NHL training camps this fall – Connor with the Winnipeg Jets, Compher with the Colorado Avalanche, and Motte with the Chicago Blackhawks.
“You just learn a little more about being a professional,” Compher explained. “I'm going into my first year as a pro so I want to see what I can do to be a professional player on the ice and the work ethic it takes to be successful.
“This is my first experience with professionals and I'm just trying to do what I can to help the team win hockey games and gain experience heading into my first professional training camp.”
Motte agrees. “It's the same thing with getting the eight games in in Rockford. It's getting used to the pace and understanding the lifestyle and what goes into being a professional hockey player. I was excited to get the opportunity to come over here and play, and I'm just trying to learn along the way.”
So does Connor. “It's a good chance to get familiar with pro players and the pro game and what it takes to get to the next level.”
And just like the Frozen Four, the World Championship is now down to a single-game knockout bracket. After seven games in St. Petersburg, the rest of Team USA's tournament will be in Moscow, starting with Thursday's quarterfinal against the Czech Republic. The Michigan trio hopes that they don't go out in the elite eight again.
“Anything can happen once you get into this kind of single-game elimination round,” Connor said looking ahead. “We've got a good team here and we'll just take it one game at a time.”
Follow Derek O'Brien on Twitter via @Derek_J_OBrien
There are many things in our country than can be considered purely American. Things like Football, NASCAR, and the Grand Canyon are all quintessentially American. Probably the most American concept there is, however, is a reliance on fast food and chain restaurants.
In fact, chain restaurants are such a staple in the good ol' U.S. of A that many of them gain a considerable following. Most chains have a loyal fanbase of people who treat their restaurant of choice like it's holy ground. The problem here (despite the obvious health concern) is that certain chains are just overrated. Whether it's based on food quality, service, or brand recognition, many of America's most iconic chains are just not that good.
Without further ado, here are the five most overrated American chain restaurants. We're likely to get a ton of heat for this, but, remember, it's just an opinion.
5. White Castle
Of all the fast food joints built around the concept of burgers and fries, White Castle is probably the worst. In fact, their signature Sliders are so awful, they can be found in the frozen food section at most grocery stores. To further illustrate, many diehard fans of the White Castle franchise claim these frozen variations are very similar in quality to the Sliders one would get in the restaurant itself. That's a problem.
Despite this, White Castle continues to be one of the most beloved American restaurant chains out there. With 420 locations over 12 states, the franchise even had a movie. Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle, dedicated to two stoner friends risking their lives to get to the restaurant. The movie is actually hilarious and spawned a series of films starring the ganja-loving duo.
However, the only thing the first film got right about White Castle is that you'd have to be stoned out of your mind to think that their food is any good whatsoever.
4. Olive Garden
The worst thing about Olive Garden is that, for years, people have considered the chain to be some kind of fancy, authentic, Italian restaurant that signifies high class. This is wrong. So wrong.
Olive Garden's food truly consists of bland, overpriced dishes, salad so wilted you could mistake it for Popeye's canned spinach and free “breadsticks” harder than Chuck Norris on a Total Gym. It's just awful. Yes, they do serve wine, but even that can't mask the internal suffering one usually endures from sitting through a tasteless dinner hosted in the dimly-lit Neanderthal cave known as Olive Garden.
Nevertheless, many people still treat Olive Garden like it's the pinnacle of Italian cuisine. So much so, in fact, that there actually exist 840 locations in the U.S. alone. Our response? Eat at any one of the tens of thousands of privately-owned Italian restaurants in America instead, then come back and apologize. We'll wait.
3. Buffalo Wild Wings
Buffalo Wild Wings is mostly known for one tagline: Wings. Beer. Sports. Straightforward and simple enough. But what that tagline doesn't tell you is that the wings are almost meatless, the sports are often interrupted by hordes of screaming children, and the beer — well, the beer is fine.
Buffalo Wild Wings is known for 22 signature wing sauces and rubs. The problem here is that only about seven of those sauces and rubs are distinguishable, and even fewer are as tasty as the chain would have you believe. To make matters worse, they barely give you enough sauce to coat the wing as it is, with the majority of the flavor ends up covering the paper liners of the basket instead of your tongue. Even worse is the boneless wings, which are basically charred chicken skin covered in splashes of weak hot sauce.
Despite these flaws, Buffalo Wild Wings has almost 1,200 locations around the world, and they all generate high reviews. Having given many locations another chance time and time again, I can tell you: it doesn't get better. We suggest hitting up your local sports bar before one of these.
2. Long John Silver's
Long John Silver's is a total rip-off of the far superior (and now, mostly defunct) Arthur Treacher's. There, I've said it. Once owned by the parent company Yum! Brands, Long John Silver's is probably the hardest to eat of any of the chains on this list. Their “food” is so thickly battered that it might send one into cardiac arrest just by thinking about it.
Apparently, Long John Silver's mostly serve seafood, but it's so coated in grease and fat that it's barely distinguishable from the chicken they also serve. That's not to mention Long John Silver's is among the most expensive fast-food chains out there, and all you're paying for is indigestion and shame.
By some miracle, Long John Silver's has more than 1200 locations worldwide, though I can't say I've ever seen more than a handful of customers in-store at a time. How LJS continues to stay open, let alone stand on its own two feet now that it is its own company, is beyond us.
1. Panera Bread
Without a doubt, the most overrated chain restaurant is the U.S. — perhaps even in the entire world — is Panera Bread. Ask any Panera Bread regular out there, and they'll tell you that the food is simply divine, the atmosphere is relaxing, and the service is grade A. The problem is absolutely none of that is true.
Panera Bread is by far the most overpriced quick-service sandwich chain in America. A simple Turkey Club could cost upwards of $8, and we haven't even gotten into the premium menu yet. On top of that, the food just isn't good. Often dry and bland, Panera Bread offers cardboard on a plate. The atmosphere is fine if you're into that snobbish, millennial entitlement feel.
One could say the service is friendly, but friendly to the point of annoying is what you'll find here. They're relentless policy of screaming out your name to a crowd of people when your order is done is anxiety-inducing.
Any one of the stores 2,000 locations will have your pockets and stomach feeling lighter. For a restaurant chain that presents itself as a being a few steps above “peasant” restaurants like McDonald's and Burger King, Panera bread just doesn't deliver.
What do you think is the most overrated American chain restaurant? Do you agree with our list? Are there any overrated chains you would add? We hope you enjoyed our list!
CHARLOTTE, N.C. --- Hunter Williams pitched 6.1 innings of scoreless baseball and No. 13 North Carolina reached double figures in runs for the 13th time this season as the Tar Heels pounded No. 2 South Carolina 15-0 Wednesday night at BB&T Ballpark. Eli Sutherland 's three-run double in the fourth started a flood of runs in front of a sellout crowd of 10,205, the most fans ever to watch a regular season college game in the state of North Carolina.
Tyler Ramirez and Zack Gahagan had two-run doubles in the fifth and seventh, respectively, as the Tar Heels registered their first top-5 win of the season. Carolina out-hit the Gamecocks 10-7 and drew 10 walks while issuing just three.
Sutherland's bases-clearing double in the fourth was the first UNC hit of the day off Taylor Widener (1-2), who allowed three runs in 3.2 innings before turning it over to the Gamecock bullpen. After a Brandon Riley RBI single off Tyler Haswell made it 4-0 in the fifth, Ramirez greeted Vince Fiori with a two-run double high off the wall in right center.
That proved to be plenty of support for Williams (2-1), who established a new career high with his 6.1-inning performance. He threw 62 of his 86 pitches for strikes and got help from his defense, which turned a pair of key double plays early in the game. Gahagan started a 5-4-3 twin-killing in the second that featured an athletic turn by Sutherland. Cody Roberts then threw out Marcus Mooney stealing to end the third, his 10th runner cut down this year.
Logan Warmoth singled home Ramirez to start a five-run seventh that also featured RBI hits from Gahagan, Roberts and Brian Miller . Carolina tacked on four more in the ninth, highlighted by a three-run triple off the bat of Kyle Datres .
Spencer Trayner stranded a pair of Gamecocks in the seventh to maintain the shutout, before Taylor Sugg and Chris McCue struck out six over the final two innings to end it.
The win was the largest for UNC since a 16-0 victory over Princeton in 2013.
Carolina has now been a part of the three biggest college games in state history. In 2012, UNC beat North Carolina State 4-0 in front of 10,229 in the ACC tournament at Greensboro's NewBridge Bank Park. One year later, the Triangle rivals played an 18-inning classic at Durham Bulls Athletic Park that the Tar Heels won 2-1 en route to an ACC title.
UNC will travel to Charlottesville for a three-game series against Virginia starting Friday at 6 p.m.
Facebook users' Likes on the social network may be unintentionally revealing their personality traits, sexual orientation, and intelligence, according to a study published today.
By studying the Likes of 58,000 Facebook users on the social network, researchers at the University of Cambridge say they were able to determine users' IQ, gender, sexual orientation, political and religious beliefs, and even substance use, with an accuracy rate of more than 80 percent
Expressions of approval on the social network for things such as photos, friends' status updates, as well as pages for sports, musicians, and books, were analyzed by researchers employing a model that reduced the number of random variables under consideration. When compared with user-provided demographic profiles and other psychometric tests, researchers learned they had correctly predicted sexual orientation 88 percent of the time, ethnicity 95 percent of the time, and political leanings in 85 percent of the cases.
"This study demonstrates the degree to which relatively basic digital records of human behavior can be used to automatically and accurately estimate a wide range of personal attributes that people would typically assume to be private," researchers said in the study, which was published today in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PDF).
"Likes represent a very generic class of digital records, similar to Web search queries, Web browsing histories, and credit card purchases," researchers said. "In contrast to these other sources of information, Facebook Likes are unusual in that they are currently publicly available by default."
While recognizing that predicting attributes and preferences could be used to improve a wide range of products and services, researchers noted that there were considerable negative implications to the predictability model, especially when digital records are analyzed without individuals' knowledge or consent.
"Commercial companies, governmental institutions, or even one's Facebook friends could use software to infer attributes such as intelligence, sexual orientation, or political views that an individual may not have intended to share," researchers concluded. "One can imagine situations in which such predictions, even if incorrect, could pose a threat to an individual's well-being, freedom, or even life."
Container ship
For the hijacking of this ship, see Maersk Alabama hijacking
MV Tygra (formerly Maersk Alabama) is a container ship previously owned by Maersk Line Limited and operated by Waterman Steamship Corporation, now owned by Element Shipmanagement SA of Piraeus.[6]
She has a light-blue hull and a beige superstructure like all Maersk vessels, regardless of their flag of registry.[7] She was hijacked by pirates near Somalia in 2009 and her crew held hostage. Four additional unsuccessful hijacking attempts were made later that year, 2010, and 2011.[8]
History [ edit ]
Alva Maersk was built by China Shipbuilding Corporation, Keelung, Taiwan at yard number 676 and launched in 1998.[9] As Alva Maersk, she was flagged to Denmark. In 2004, Alva Maersk was renamed Maersk Alabama[1] and reflagged to the United States, with its operator, Maersk Line, Limited, based in Norfolk, Virginia.[2] She has been involved in seven incidents, and remains in active service on Maersk Line's East Africa 4 service. Her regular route is from Mombasa, Kenya to Salalah, Oman, to Djibouti, and then returning to Mombasa.[2]
2004 detention [ edit ]
In 2004, the ship was detained in Kuwait after becoming the victim of an apparent fraud scheme. According to papers filed by the A. P. Moller-Maersk Group with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in 2005, Kuwait-based expatriates scammed the Group out of millions of dollars. Low-value goods were allegedly shipped under the guise of fraudulent, high-value bills of lading. Maersk was subsequently sued for losing goods that had never existed. Those allegedly behind the scheme were able to detain Alva Maersk in Kuwait as collateral. The ship was released in April 2004 after the A. P. Moller-Maersk Group was forced to put up $1.86 million as collateral.[10]
April 2009 attempted pirate seizure [ edit ]
On April 7, 2009, the U.S. Maritime Administration, following NATO advisories, released a Somalia Gulf of Aden advisory to mariners recommending ships to stay at least 600 nautical miles (1,100 km; 690 mi) off the coast of Somalia. On April 8, 2009, four Somali pirates boarded Maersk Alabama when it was located 240 nmi (440 km; 280 mi) southeast of the Somalia port city of Eyl.[11] With a crew of 20, the ship was en route to Mombasa, Kenya. The ship was carrying 17,000 metric tons of cargo, of which 5,000 metric tons were relief supplies bound for Somalia, Uganda, and Kenya.[5][12]
Maersk Alabama lifeboat on which Captain Phillips was held hostage by Somalian pirates in 2009 is on display at the Thelifeboat on which Captain Phillips was held hostage by Somalian pirates in 2009 is on display at the National Navy SEAL Museum
According to Chief Engineer Mike Perry, the engineers sank the pirate speedboat shortly after the boarding by continuously swinging the rudder of Maersk Alabama thus scuttling the smaller boat.[13] As the pirates were boarding the ship, the crew members locked themselves in the engine room[14] while the captain and two other crew members remained on the bridge.[citation needed] The engineers then took control of the ship from down below, rendering the bridge controls useless.[citation needed] The pirates were thus unable to control the ship. The crew later used "brute force" to overpower one of the pirates,[14] Abduwali Muse, and free one of the hostages, Abu Thair Mohd Zahid Reza.[citation needed] Frustrated, the pirates decided to leave the ship, and took Phillips with them to a lifeboat as their bargaining chip.[citation needed] The crew attempted to exchange this captured pirate, whom they had kept tied up for twelve hours,[15] for Captain Phillips. The captured pirate was released but the pirates refused to release Phillips in exchange. Since the battery had died on the open-air boat, they left in the ship's covered lifeboat, taking Phillips with them.[16] The lifeboat carried ten days of food rations, water and basic survival supplies.[17] On April 8, the destroyer USS Bainbridge and the frigate USS Halyburton were dispatched to the Gulf of Aden in response to a hostage situation, and reached Maersk Alabama early on April 9.[18] Maersk Alabama then departed from the area with an armed escort, towards her original destination in Mombasa, Kenya, with the vessel's Chief Mate Shane Murphy in charge.[14] On Saturday, April 11, Maersk Alabama arrived in the port of Mombasa, Kenya, still under U.S. military escort, where C/M Murphy was relieved by Captain Larry Aasheim, who had previously been captain of Maersk Alabama until Richard Phillips relieved him eight days prior to the pirate attack. An 18-man marine security team was on board.[18] The FBI secured the ship as a crime scene.[19]
On April 9, a standoff began between Bainbridge and the pirates in Maersk Alabama's lifeboat, where they continued to hold Captain Phillips hostage.[20] Three days later, on Sunday, April 12, Navy marksmen opened fire and killed the three pirates on the lifeboat, and Phillips was rescued in good condition.[21][22] Bainbridge captain Commander Frank Castellano, with prior authorization from U.S. President Barack Obama, ordered the action after determining that Phillips' life was in immediate danger, based on reports that a pirate was pointing an AK-47 assault rifle at his back.[23][24][25] U.S. Navy SEAL snipers on Bainbridge's fantail opened fire, killing the three pirates with bullets to the head,[26] one of whom was named Ali Aden Elmi, another whose last name was Hamac, and the third unidentified.[27] A fourth pirate, Abduwali Muse, aboard the Bainbridge and negotiating for Phillips' release while being treated for an injury sustained in the takeover of Maersk Alabama, surrendered and was taken into custody.[21][22] Muse's parents asked that he be pardoned because he was either 15 or 16 years old at the time of the incident, but in court it was ruled that he was not a juvenile and would be tried as an adult.[27] He later pleaded guilty to piracy charges and was sentenced to more than 33 years in prison.[27][28]
The actual lifeboat in which Captain Phillips was held hostage is now on display at the National Navy SEAL Museum in Ft. Pierce, FL.[29] An example of the Scan Eagle UAV used to monitor the crisis is also on display.[30]
November 2009 pirate attack [ edit ]
At 6:30 am on November 18, 2009, Maersk Alabama was reportedly sailing some 350 nautical miles (650 km) east of Somalia when she was fired upon by four pirates wielding automatic weapons and traveling in a skiff.[8][31][32] The assault failed after guards on the ship responded with small arms fire and acoustical weapons.[33] Afterward, a Djibouti-based patrol plane flew to the scene and an EU ship searched the area.[34]
September 2010 suspicious approach of pirate skiff [ edit ]
29 September 2010, the vessel was targeted by Somali pirates wielding AK-47s. The security force on board Maersk Alabama repelled a skiff with 5 pirates approximately 1,530 kilometres (950 mi) east of Somalia. The incident went unreported by the media until November 2010.[35]
March 2011 attempted hijacking [ edit ]
8 March 2011, the vessel was again targeted by Somali pirates.[36] A security force on board the Maersk Alabama fired warning shots and turned the suspects away.[37]
May 2011 attempted hijacking [ edit ]
Midnight, 14 May 2011, while transiting westbound in the international recognized corridor, Maersk Alabama was approached by a skiff of five pirates on the starboard stern. After turning to follow the ship's wake, the skiff quickly closed in to 30 metres (98 ft), preparing to board via a hook ladder, whereupon the embarked security team fired two shots into the skiff. The skiff quickly broke off and radar contact was lost after 10 minutes.[38]
February 2014 deaths of two security contractors [ edit ]
On 19 February 2014, it was reported that two former Navy SEALs working as security contractors aboard the Maersk Alabama for the private security firm Trident Group were found dead aboard the container ship, a day after it docked at Port Victoria, Seychelles.[39] Seychelles police officials reported that the autopsy found the cause of death to be "respiratory failure, with suspicion of myocardial infarction (heart attack)." The presence of a syringe and traces of heroin in the cabin led to a suspicion of drug use.[40] In April, following receipt of a toxicology report which found alcohol in the men's blood, police confirmed that death had been caused by consumption of alcohol and heroin.[41][42] As of 2018, the results of the criminal investigation in Seychelles had not yet been disclosed to the public.[41] Seychelles law enforcement released the vessel on February 24.[43] Both Maersk and Trident officially prohibit drug use on board their ships.[44]
See also [ edit ]
So much has happened in the Big Brother house, and yet… nothing has happened at all. The people in power remain in power, the targets remain the targets, and as far as I can tell, despite the chaos of a double eviction and backdoor blindside (bye Judd!), we've still got a double barrel aimed at Jessie and Spencer and not Amanda and McCrae, where it belongs (metaphorically speaking, of course). Helen did try to sway new HOH Andy to nominate the loathsome duo, but little did she realize that he's oddly loyal to them, and therefore he nominated JesSpencer (see what I did there?) for eviciton for the umpteenth time. This made me livid, but at the same time, Helen had her chance last week to oust Amanda, and she was entirely too cautious about it. Make your moves when you can, woman!
My only fear is that Andy will now tell McCranda about Helen's intentions, and soon their wrath will be upon her. I won't have it! Yes, Helen is aggressively phony (her whole spiel to Aaryn about being the next Janelle nearly made me puke — actually, it did. I got a stomach flu later that night and spent hours over my toilet spewing all sorts of unpleasant things). But nevertheless, Helen's got a brain, and that's more than I can say about most of the people in this house.
Anyway, on to the photocap…
“Y'all may be defaming me now, but at least I don't have to go home to Staten Island.”
“Staten Island is a beautiful place. We got a dump, a mall, and Sports Authority. So, enough out of yous.”
“So I guess it's okay for you to defame me, but I can't defame Staten Island.”
“Listen, yous. I don't know what ‘defame' means, but once I find out, I will have some very strong thoughts about it!”
“Have fun being ignored by Nick the rest of your life.”
“DON'T YOU DARE SAY THAT! NICK LOVES ME, AND I KNOW IT BECAUSE ONE TIME HE ATE A YOGURT, AND SINCE I SOMETIMES EAT YOGURT THAT WAS HIS WAY OF SAYING ‘YO, GINAMARIE, MARRY ME AND LET'S EAT YOGURT UNTIL WE'RE OLD' AND I WAS ALL ‘AYYYY YOU GUYS WE're HAVIN' YOGURT AT OUR WEDDING!!!!'”
“You're certifiably insane.”
“I may be insane, but at least my mother loves… loves…”
Aaryn: “Me.”
“Peas. At least my mother loves peas. Yeah, she eats her vegetables. Unlike your mom who eats… eats…”
Aaryn: “Gina Marie, just stop.”
“Bus stops. Yeah, your mom eats bus stops. Because she's a monster. Like godz… gah…g–“
Aryn: “Ugh. Godzilla.”
“Like Codzilla. Your mom is like a giant cod that walks around and steps on buildings. Way to go, Candice. Why don't you say I'm sorry to the Japanese people your mom killed? Huh?”
Aaryn: “Ugh. Black people.”
Jessie: “Ugh. Not-hot-as-me people.”
Aaryn: “Guys, who do I nominate. Do we have any Puerto Ricans?”
Amanda: “Are we totally convinced that this man is Spencer? I mean, it's totally possible that it's Howard in a Spencer costume. Just sayin'.”
Aaryn: “If I take you off the block, will you admit that you're not the hottest girl here?”
Jessie: “Yes, I will lie for you.”
Aaryn: “Okay guys, are we going to backdoor Judd?”
Helen: “I don't know, but I just want to say that you're looking WONDERFUL in that pink, Aaryn.”
Elissa: “Really? I think pink makes her look like a fat, drunk hippo, no OFFFFFFENSE THANKS FOR ASKING.”
Judd: “Okay, the plan is to vote out Jessie, right?”
Amanda: “You got it. Backdooring you.”
“What's that?”
“Nothing.”
Amanda: “Hey Judd, what do you think about the fact that McCrae won't let me sip from his water bottle?”
Judd: “Wait, where's your water bottle?”
“Nevermind. HAVE FUN AT THE JURY HOUSE.”
“Look at me: crying more than an Italian without hair gel.”
“Why y'all against me? All I ever did was tell stories about frogs. I love frogs. Don't you love frogs? What did frogs ever do to you? Wait, do you guys wanna talk about frogs? Because I'd totally be down to do that.”
“I always cry when a white person leaves.”
“Oh my gosh, hands. You are doing a great job cupping my face. Without you, people would see my lips. You understand that, hands? It's all because of you, okay? We all owe our game to you, hands. You're the next Janelle.”
Elissa: “There there, Aaryn. Let my cold hand and quiet apathy be of comfort to you, THANKKKKS.”
“McCrae.”
“…”
“MCCRAE.”
“….”
“MCCRAE!!!!”
“What? I was napping?”
“Why aren't you consoling me?”
“You're not crying.”
“Don't you think maybe I would cry if I knew I had someone to console me?”
“So I'm supposed to console you on spec?”
“Isn't that what a boyfriend should do?”
“If you were crying, I'd console you.”
“So you want me to cry?”
“I don't want you to cry.”
“What sort of man wants to make his girlfriend cry?”
“I don't want to make you cry.”
“Well, if you don't want that, what do you want from me? This is a relationship, and I expect communication.”
“I just want to nap.”
“You think I don't want to sleep also?”
“So sleep.”
“So now you want me to go to sleep? Do you not want to talk to me anymore?”
“Do whatever you want.”
“I don't need your permission to do whatever I want.”
“I wasn't giving it to you.”
“So I'm not good enough for it?”
“OH MY GOD I HATE YOU. Just kidding I love you I'll do whatever you want me to do. Yay!!!”
“AAAAANDY I thought I lost Nick's hat, and I thought he would never forgive me, and I'd have to go home to Staten Island and have sloppy sex with Vito Carlucci in the ribbon aisle of Michael's. I WAS SO SCARED!!!”
“What are we crying about?”
“I don't even know.”
Elissa: “No offense, but this white comforter looks like a giant glob of melted marshmallow. Amanda, you should make a one piece out of it, SORRRRY NO OFFFENSE THANKKKKS!!!”
“Come on, you stupid piece of shit ball. Roll down the banana AND STOP BULLYING ME!”
“I can't believe McCrae didn't throw that competition for me. Do I not inspire romantic gestures? [snort sniffle wheeze wheeze cough]”
“Let me tell you something, Amanda. If it weren't for you, none of us would be here, okay? You are doing an amazing job. Without you, we'd all be out of the house, possibly on drugs, and without a doubt on suicide watch. You basically saved our lives. You are the greatest human being on this planet, and you probably rank up there with George Washington and Isaac Newton as one of the most important people in the history of time. Okay???”
“Okay, Andy, here's the deal. You have to nominate Amanda and McCrae. Why? Because they are powerful and need to be broken up. Even if you have a secret alliance with them, they will never take you to the finals. Ever. Does that make sense?”
“Not really.”
“Oh gosh. Santa will be so mad when I tell him I can't figure out who's naughty or nice anymore.”
“This fucking pussy… I mean, ANDY you are doing a TERRIFIC job. I'm SO proud of you!”
“This week I have nominated Jessie and Spencer because I refuse to be memorable.”
What did you think about the episode? And remember you can check out The TV Clique: Big Brother and our very rowdy week in review right here:
[image-36]The first Cygnus Spacecraft to visit the International Space Station (ISS), the G. David Low, departed the station at 7:31 AM EST on October 22, 2013. The Cygnus spacecraft is the latest in a long line of cargo vehicles built to resupply the orbital outposts that humanity has positioned in the heavens. Created by Orbital Sciences Corporation of Virginia, it is the second type of vehicle built by a commercial company to visit the ISS.
[image-96]As the Soviet long-duration space station missions grew in complexity in the late 1970s designers needed a way to supply the outpost with the resources needed for both man and machine. The crewed Soyuz craft of the time could only accommodate two suited Cosmonauts with room for little else. For enhanced operations on the Salyut 6 space station, the Soviets modified the Soyuz vehicle to serve as an automated cargo truck. Designated as “Progress” when first launched in 1978, the new vehicle was designed to replenish on-orbit supplies of oxygen, food, water, and fuel to reboost the station to maintain altitude. The Progress design has been modified a number of times, and is currently in use for the International Space Station.
Soviet spacecraft designers had pioneered the cargo vehicle concept in the 1960s with the design of their military space station series known as Almaz. The TKS spacecraft (Transportnyi Korabl' Snabzheniia, or Transport Supply Spacecraft) had the ability to transport both crew and cargo simultaneously in one craft. Due to delays and cancellation of the Almaz program, the TKS was never used for its intended purpose. However, the TKS did make several successful uncrewed test flights, including three vehicles launched under the Cosmos designation to the Salyut 6 and 7 space stations. The cargo portion of TKS, known as the Functional Cargo Block, also became the basis for future Russian-built space station modules on both Mir and the International Space Station.
[image-51]The development of the multi-national International Space Station brought about the development of many new cargo vehicles to supply the needs of a large permanent crew. In addition to the planned use of the U.S. Space Shuttle and Russian Progress vehicles, two of the other international partners developed automated cargo vehicles as part of their contribution to the program. The European Space Agency (ESA) developed the Automated Transfer Vehicle (ATV). Carrying over 7,600 kilograms of cargo to the station, it is the largest resupply vehicle to visit a space station. The Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) developed the H-II Transport Vehicle (HTV), which included an unpressurised section as well as a pressurized cargo section. The HTV can carry 6,000 kilograms of pressurized cargo. Progress, ATV, and HTV do not have the ability to return cargo to Earth. Instead, at the end of their missions they perform the important task of “taking out the trash.” All three vehicles are filled with unneeded materials, and after undocking, are de-orbited and burn up over uninhabited stretches of the Pacific Ocean.
With the retirement of the U.S. Space Shuttle, American resupply flights to the ISS took an 11-month hiatus. The commercial Dragon spacecraft, manufactured by Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (SpaceX) of California, became the first private/commercial vehicle to visit and resupply the ISS during its May 2012 test mission. Since then, SpaceX has completed two dedicated resupply missions with the Dragon vehicle. The Dragon spacecraft also offers another capability that the ISS has not had since the end of the shuttle program, the ability to return significant amounts of materials from space. In addition to the crew, the Soyuz craft can carry only a very limited amount of material back to the planet. However, the Dragon capsule can return significant quantities of material, including experimental samples that need to be kept frozen. Like the HTV, the Dragon also boasts the ability to bring unpressurized cargo to orbit.[image-80]
The latest new commercial space resupply vehicle, Cygnus, can carry 2,000 kilograms of cargo to the station. A slightly larger version capable of carrying an additional 700 kilograms is in development. Cygnus became the second dedicated service vehicle under NASA's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) project with it's successful five-week demonstration mission in autumn of 2013. Although not intended specifically as a cargo vehicle, the U.S. Orion Multi-Purpose-Crew-Vehicle will also be able to bring supplies and crewmembers both to the space station and down to Earth when it begins to fly later in the decade. The cargo lifeline needed to supply our human foothold in space continues to become more robust with the addition of new capabilities from both international and commercial partners.
Learn more about the cargo vehicles visiting the International Space Station: http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/structure/assembly_elements.html
Cell 16 was a militant feminist organization in the United States known for its program of celibacy, separation from men and self-defense training (specifically karate).[1][2] Considered too extreme by many mainstream feminists, the organization acted as a sort of hard left vanguard.[3]
Ideology [ edit ]
Founded in 1968 by Roxanne Dunbar, Cell 16 has been cited as the first organization to advance the concept of separatist feminism.[2][4] Cultural Historian Alice Echols cites Cell 16 as an example of feminist heterosexual separatism, as the group never advocated lesbianism as a political strategy. Echols credits Cell 16's work for "helping to establish the theoretical foundation for lesbian separatism.[2] In No More Fun and Games, the organization's radical feminist periodical, Cell Members Roxanne Dunbar and Lisa Leghorn advised women to "separate from men who are not consciously working for female liberation" and advised periods of celibacy, rather than lesbian relationships, which they considered to be "nothing more than a personal solution."[5]
History [ edit ]
In the Summer of 1968, Dunbar placed an ad in a Boston, Massachusetts underground newspaper calling for a "Female Liberation Front." The original membership also included Hillary Langhorst, Sandy Bernard, Dana Densmore, the daughter of Donna Allen, Betsy Warrior, Ellen O'Donnell, Jayne West, Mary Anne Weathers, Maureen Maynes, Gail Murray, and Abby Rockefeller.[6][7] The group's name was meant "to emphasize that they were only one cell of an organic movement" and referenced the address of their meetings — 16 Lexington Avenue.[8]
No More Fun and Games ceased publication in 1973.[9] Cell 16 disbanded in 1973 as well.[7]
References [ edit ]
Pearson, Kyra. Mapping rhetorical interventions in "national" feminist histories: Second wave feminism and Ain't I a Woman . (1999) [1] dead link ]
. (1999) [1] Duke University has digitized vol. 1, no. 2 of the journal "No More Fun and Games" [2]
Further reading [ edit ]
“Next time, on Dark Matter” – We love to hear those words because it means another exciting episode is coming soon. This promo should give you even more of a boost in excitement than usual, due to some visuals we've had teased even before the season began. It looks like Android takes the plunge and gives herself that upgrade from last week. She puts it to good use in a bar fight. Really, it's more like a bar massacre since nobody else stood a chance against her.
But it's not all fun, games, and broken limbs. Jace Corso rears his familiar-looking head and has one of our crew in his crosshairs.
Official Synopsis:
The Android goes undercover to help the Raza crew track down a dangerous but familiar foe.
Remember that quick clip of Android kicking all kinds of space butt? Sure you do, you just watched it like 2 seconds ago! Well, this sneak peek revisits that scene and shows us more of this VERY different side of our anthropomorphic ass kicker.
Fans have been screaming for more Android scenes and it looks like this episode is really going to grant that wish in the biggest and baddest way. If I were a betting man, I'd probably have to place money on Android being an even better fighter than either Two or Nyx. She also doesn't break a sweat. Y'know, because she's an android.
Like this article? Share it with your friends using our social share buttons found both on the left and at the top.
Subscribe to Three If By Space to keep up with all the latest posts. It's super easy! Just click on the big, blue “Subscribe” button located in the right panel near the bottom of each post or just Click Here, because it's here and it's easy.
Stay connected with us: Follow @ThreeIfBySpace on Twitter for all the latest geekiness from all your favorite shows, movies, comics, conventions and more!
For all the latest Dark Matter news and reviews, follow me (@Thogar) on Twitter.
Dark Matter airs Fridays on Syfy and Space
Dark Matter official website
Like Dark Matter on Facebook
Follow Dark Matter on Twitter
Follow Joe's @DarkMatter_show account on Twitter
Submitted by Jim Quinn via The Burning Platform blog,
The government released their monthly CPI report this week. Even though it came in at an annualized rate of 3.6%, they and their mouthpieces in the corporate mainstream media dutifully downplayed the uptrend. They can't let the plebs know the truth. That might upend their economic recovery storyline and put a crimp into their artificial free money, zero interest rate, stock market rally. If they were to admit inflation is rising, the Fed would be forced to raise rates. That is unacceptable in our rigged .01% economy. There are banker bonuses, CEO stock options, corporate stock buyback earnings per share goals and captured politician elections at stake.
The corporate MSM immediately shifted the focus to the annual CPI figure of 0.1%. That's right. Your government keepers expect you to believe the prices you pay to live your everyday life have been essentially flat in the last year. Anyone who lives in the real world, not the BLS Bizarro world of models, seasonal adjustments, hedonic adjustments, and substitution adjustments, knows this is a lie. The original concept of CPI was to measure the true cost of maintaining a constant standard of living. It should reflect your true inflation of out-of-pocket costs to live a daily existence in this country.
Instead, it has become a manipulated statistic using academic theories as a cover to systematically under-report the true level of inflation. The purpose has been to cut annual cost of living adjustments to Social Security and other government benefits, while over-estimating the true level of GDP. Artificially low inflation figures allow the mega-corporations who control the country to keep wage increases to workers low. Under-reporting the true level of inflation also allows the Federal Reserve to keep their discount rate far lower than it would be in an honest free market. The Wall Street banks, who own and control the Federal Reserve, are free to charge 18% on credit card balances while paying .25% to savers. The manipulation of the CPI benefits the vested interests, impoverishes the masses, and slowly but surely contributes to the destruction of our economic system.
A deep dive into Table 2 from the BLS reveals some truth and uncovers more lies. Their weighting of everyday living expenditures is warped and purposefully misleading. Let's look at the annual increases in some food items we might consume in the course of a month, living in this empire of lies:
Ground Beef – 10.1%
Roast Beef – 11.8%
Steak – 11.1%
Eggs – 21.8%
Chicken – 3.7%
Coffee – 3.4%
Sugar – 4.2%
Candy – 4.6%
Snacks – 3.5%
Salt & Seasonings – 5.3%
Food Away From Home – 3.0%
Despite these documented increases, the BLS says food inflation only ran at 1.8% in the last year. They show large decreases in pork, seafood, dairy, and vegetable prices. I grocery shop every week. I buy milk, fish, and vegetables and the prices have not fallen. The price of pork products has decreased from all-time highs, but is still well above prices from a few years ago. The BLS fraudulently keeps the food price increase lower by assuming you switch from beef to pork when the price of beef soars. That assumption does not lower the price of food. The assumption essentially builds in a lower standard of living for you in their model of the world. The other ridiculous assumption is the weighting for food eaten away from home. Giving this a weighting of 5.8% is outrageous when everyone knows obese Americans are chowing down at Taco Bell and the millions of other purveyors of toxic food sludge multiple times per day.
If you are like me, you probably need to live someplace. Food and shelter are the most basic of needs in a society. But according to the BLS they account for less than 50% of your expenses. Let's examine some shelter related costs to see how badly the BLS is lying in this area:
Rent – 3.5%
Owner's Equivalent Rent – 3.0%
Insurance – 3.1%
Water, Sewer, Trash – 4.7%
Household Operations – 3.6%
There is so much wrong with the BLS data, I don't know where to start. The rental market has been on fire since 2012. Builders are erecting apartments at a breakneck pace. Independent, non-captured, neutral real estate organizations show rents surging to all-time highs, growing by 5.1% on an annual basis. Real rents in the real world have grown by 14% since 2012. The BLS says they've grown by 9%. Who do you believe?
It's funny how the mysterious owner's equivalent rent calculation spits out a 3% increase in the last year. National home prices, based on Case Shiller data and NAR data shows prices up between 5% and 10% in the last year and up by 25% since 2012. Mortgage rates have risen to 4% from the low 3% range. Property taxes are soaring across the country as indebted localities rape taxpayers to pay for their gold plated government benefits and pensions. Evidently the BLS just ignores prices, mortgage payments, and real estate taxes when calculating their lies.
The final outrage is the weighting applied by the BLS to the owners equivalent rent. It accounts for 24% of the CPI calculation, virtually the same as it did in 2007. In case you haven't noticed, the home ownership rate has plunged to 22 year lows since 2007, as millions of foreclosures booted people out of homes and millions of millennials are so loaded with student loan debt and stuck with low paying Obama jobs that home ownership is a distant dream. How can the BLS continue to weight home ownership at the same level when the percentage of rental units has soared?
There is no question the BLS should have dramatically increased the weighting of rental housing. In reality, the large increases in rental rates and the surge of rental households reflects a much higher inflation rate than is being reported by the government. The BLS figure is a blatant lie. The recent report from the Center for Housing Studies reveals the falsity of the government reported propaganda. Over 20.7 million renter households (49.0%) pay more than 30% of their income on housing. More than a quarter of all renter households, or 11.2 million, spend more than 50% of their income on housing. The median US renter household earned $32,700 in 2013 and spent $900 per month on housing costs. Renter housing costs are gross rents, which include contract rents and utilities. If the median renter household spends 33% of their income on housing costs how can the BLS give it only a 7.2% weighting in the CPI calculation?
The Center for Housing Studies report drives a stake into the heart of the manipulated, politically massaged, false data put out by the BLS to keep the masses sedated and their bosses fat, happy and rich:
Over the span of just 10 years, the share of renters aged 25–34 with cost burdens (paying more than 30 percent of their incomes for housing) increased from 40 percent to 46 percent, while the share with severe burdens (paying more than 50 percent of income) rose from 19 percent to 23 percent. During roughly the same period, the share of renters aged 25–34 with student loan debt jumped from 30 percent in 2004 to 41 percent in 2013, with the average amount of debt up 50 percent, to $30,700.
The faux journalists in the dying legacy media act baffled by the continued real decline in retail sales when the answer is staring them right in the face. True inflation in essential living expenses combined with declining real wages and increasing debt burdens has left the average household with little or no money to spend.
The next blatantly manipulated false data is related to healthcare. Let's peruse some this detailed inflation data:
Prescription Drugs – 4.8%
Non-Prescription Drugs – Negative 1.6%
Medical Equipment – 0.0%
Medical Care Services – 2.3%
Hospital Services – 3.5%
Health Insurance – 0.7%
Anyone living in the real world knows Obamacare has resulted in a tremendous increase in demand for drugs, medical services, and medical equipment. Health insurance companies, drug companies, drug wholesalers, hospital corporations, and drug stores are reporting record profits as their stock prices hit all-time highs. When was the last time you saw prices drop or stay flat in the healthcare arena?
It is patently outrageous for the BLS to report an annual health insurance cost increase of a mere 0.7%. The annual cost of employee sponsored health insurance is 6.3% higher than last year, with the employee portion skyrocketing by 8.0% based on real data in the real world. I work for the largest employer in Philadelphia, with the most negotiating clout against insurers, and my portion has gone up by 10% to 20% annually for the last five years. Everyone working for a company has experienced the same or higher increases.
Even the Obamacare exchanges are seeing double digit premium increases in many states. Studies from Price Waterhouse Coopers and McKinsey found increases in average premiums between 6% and 10% across the country. It takes major cajones for the BLS to report 0.7% health insurance inflation, but their job is not to report factual information. Their job is to keep the ignorant masses ignorant of their plight. The bigger the lie, the more likely it is to be believed. The even more ridiculous aspect to the BLS data is that health insurance is weighted at .75% in the CPI calculation. The median household income in this country is $52,000. Employees are paying approximately $4,000 in health insurance per year on average. That is 7.7% of their income. The BLS weighting is absurd. Using a true inflation rate and true weighting would add at least 2% to the CPI figure.
Another area that impacts every American every day is transportation. People need to drive or take public transportation in order to live their lives. Here are some more crucial inflation data points from the BLS:
New Cars – 1.2%
Used Cars – Negative 0.7%
Gasoline – Negative 23.3%
Vehicle Leasing – Negative 1.1%
Vehicle Insurance – 5.1%
Parking & Tolls – 2.4%
Public Transportation – Negative 3.2%
So we have near record levels of new auto sales, driven by subprime auto debt and 7 year 0% financing, with average vehicle prices at all-time highs, and the BLS reports prices only went up 1.2% in the last year. Edmunds, the authority in auto data, says prices went up 2.6% in the last year. Do you believe the BLS model or real data from the real world, broken down by automaker and vehicle? The even more ridiculous contention is that used car prices fell. I've bought two used cars in the last year and I can attest that prices are not falling. Edmunds reported that used car prices have risen by 7.1% in the last year. Leases as a percentage of total auto sales is also at record levels. Does this really jive with a decrease in leasing expenses? I think not.
There are 254 million passenger vehicles registered in the United States. We have a record level of auto loan debt totaling $1 trillion and a record level of auto leases. According to Edmunds, the average monthly car payment is $479. That is $5,748 per year. That equals 11% of the median household income. Why would the BLS only give this category a 5.7% weighting? Bankrupt states across the country have been jacking up tolls. The BLS says they went up by 2.4%. My beloved state of Pennsylvania has increased them by 10% per year for the last three years. The BLS says the cost of public transportation is plummeting. Has a Amtrak or any municipal public transportation system EVER reduced fares? Not a chance. They need more revenue to fund the government pensions of their union employees.
There are a few other categories that might be of interest to you:
Banking Fees – 5.9%
College Tuition – 3.4%
Childcare – 4.3%
Sporting Events – 8.8%
Pet Care – 3.5%
Cigarettes – 2.5%
Alcohol Served Away from Home – 4.0%
Isn't it delightful that your friendly neighborhood Wall Street bank gets free money from the Fed, charges you 18% on your credit card balance, pays you nothing for your deposits, and then jacks up your bank fees? The relentless inflation in college tuition is being driven by the relentless doling out of student loans by the Federal Government to people who aren't intellectually capable of completing college level material. The $1.4 trillion of student loans will never be repaid. The taxpayer will be on the hook for hundreds of billions in write-offs.
To celebrate the near zero inflation reported by your friendly government drones at the BLS take your family of four to a baseball game, spending $160 for tickets, $25 to park your car, $20 for two warm beers, $10 for two sodas, $24 for four hot dogs, and $10 for an order of cheese fries. Make sure you toast Greenspan, Bernanke, Yellen and the rest of the Federal Reserve governors who have purposefully reduced the purchasing power of your dollar by 96% over the last century.
You know your true level of inflation. You know it's not 0.1%. You know it's somewhere between 4% and 10%. You know your government is lying to you. You know the captured corporate media perpetuates the lies. You know those in control of the government must lie to keep their Ponzi scheme going. You know they are just following the Edward Bernays playbook. They want you to believe it's for your own good. Do you think it's for your own good?
Speaker of the House John Boehner talks to reporters. (Win McNamee/Getty Images)
One effect of the federal government shutdown, according to my surely exhausted colleagues on the beat, is that "Tens of thousands of air-traffic controllers, prison guards and border-patrol agents will be required to serve without pay."
If you're a foreign news nerd like myself, and can sometimes go long periods avoiding important U.S. political stories, let's be clear about this: the United States has the means to pay these clearly essential government employees. It's choosing not to, as part of a self-imposed political crisis, the details of which you can and should read about elsewhere in this newspaper's excellent coverage.
Sometimes a bit of distance can lend some perspective. As someone who frequently writes about countries that struggle to overcome endemic poverty, bloody sectarian conflict and devastating natural disasters just in the hopes of forming a legitimate political authority, watching the world's richest and most powerful country sabotage its own government is just breathtaking.
Of course, there are other countries that don't pay prison guards and border patrol but still tell them to show up to work. They're called failed states.
Here's another country that asks essential security officials to do their jobs without pay: Libya. Time editor Ishaan Tharoor joked that, if you're curious about what to do during a government shutdown, ask a Somali.
The Libyan political crisis that forced it into that position wasn't a partisan dispute over health care. It was a civil war that annihilated the state, itself a four-decade dictatorship that had hallowed out civil society so meticulously that Libyans were almost starting from zero.
Of course, the United States isn't a failed state; nowhere close. Its problems are a tiny microcosm of Libya's or Somalia's or those of other failed states. And that's exactly what makes this all so strange. America's little self-imposed crises are a luxury, a reminder not of any innate Libyan-style brokenness but of the spoiled sense of entitlement with which we abuse our own fabulous wealth.
"Constant-shutdown, permanent-emergency governance is so destructive that no other serious country engages in or could tolerate it," The Atlantic's James Fallows wrote on Friday. "The United States can afford it only because we are -- still -- so rich, with so much margin for waste and error."
In other countries, they pull their hair out trying to overcome problems far more severe and intractable than any the United States faces today. In America, we throw temper tantrums when things don't go exactly, precisely our way; tearing up the hundred-dollar bills that we wrongly assume are our birthrights, just to make a political point.
To be clear, this crisis is nowhere near as severe as Libya's, and not just because those American prison guards and border patrol officers can, unlike their Libyan counterparts, expect to be paid back for their time at some point in the near future. But the fact that we put ourselves – and our essential security officials – through the routine of acting like a failed state just goes to show how entitled we've become, how badly we take our privilege and wealth for granted.
. . . by Kevin Barrett
Henry Kissinger gave Israel ten more years. Israel's days are clearly numbered. The sooner this terrorist state is wiped from the page of history, the better.
Israel is strong, mighty, invincible. Israel has truckloads of nuclear weapons. Israel has cluster bombs, DIME weapons, white phosphorus, and other illegal or experimental munitions with which it can kill and maim as many Palestinian civilians as it likes.
Israel is especially proficient at mass-murdering children. Israel constantly reminds us that it can exercise the “Samson option” and drop nuclear weapons on the capitals of Europe and the Middle East. Israel has even colonized America, the world's most powerful nation, exacting billions of dollars a year in tribute. What a stunningly prepotent entity! The world stands in awe of the great and terrible Israel.
That, at least, is what the Israelis would have us believe.
But it is just an illusion. Israel is not behaving like a confidently powerful nation. Instead, it is desperately lashing out like a cornered rat in the final throes of rabies.
Israel's genocide against the people of Gaza is sparking a seismic shift in world public opinion. Former New York Times journalist Philip Weiss, a noted Jewish critic of Israel, recently wrote: “There are more signs today that what the Israeli assault on Gaza in 2008-2009 did for the left, the latest assault is doing for the mainstream: solidifying a perception that Israeli leadership has lost its moorings, opening the floodgates of criticism.”
Netanyahu's decision to crucify Gaza has backfired. Israel has attained none of its announced strategic objectives: It cannot destroy Hamas, cannot stop the rocket fire, cannot stop Gazans from digging tunnels. In short, it cannot stop the Palestinian resistance from building on Hezbollah's accomplishments in its 2006 victory over Israel.
Nor can Israel attain its unannounced strategic objective, which was to destroy all prospects for Palestinian unity. Netanyahu had apparently hoped that when Israel slaughtered Palestinian children, the Palestinians would blame Hamas. Instead, the Palestinians (and the world) blame Israel.
After all, it is Israeli soldiers who are murdering and maiming Palestinian children. Not Hamas. Every last bit of Zionist-inflicted suffering elicits more strength and determination to resist Zionism by any means necessary, and to support whoever promises to fight the Zionists the hardest. And that goes for people all over the world, not just in Palestine.
University of Victoria professor John Dolan, writing under the pseudonym of “war nerd” Gary Brecher, recently republished views from a few years ago that are even more true today:
“Israel may win this battle, but it's lost the war already…(In 2009) they killed 1400 Palestinians, and it didn't do much but make everybody sick to their stomachs…In a situation like this, the real winner is likely to be the Gazans…Israel had lots of chances to deal with (the Palestinians) but they had a mandate—nothing worse than a mandate—and didn't need to make a deal with anybody. Now it's too late. There isn't always a good solution at this point in the game. Maybe ten moves back you could've won, but not now.”
Most other strategists agree, though not all have the courage to say so in public. Former National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brezekinski says Netanyahu “is making a very serious mistake…he is isolating Israel. He's endangering its longer-range future.”
What longer-range future? asks another legendary National Security Advisor, Henry Kissinger. In a 2012 interview with the New York Post, Kissinger made the following blanket statement:
“In 10 years, there will be no more Israel.”
Even Israel's most rabid supporters admit that it is failing in Gaza.
Neocon Zionist Jeffrey Goldberg admits as much in his article “Why Is Israel Losing a War It's Winning?” Goldberg's attempts to answer his own question are preposterous; he lashes out like a cornered rat at Hamas, at the world's Muslims, at anyone who is “anti-Semitic” enough to oppose Israel's ongoing genocide.
And genocide it is. Even the Zionists admit it. Yochanan Gordon spoke for the vast majority of Israeli Jews, and their supporters around the world, when he published an opinion article in Friday's edition of The Times of Israel openly advocating genocide. Gordon's article, entitled “When Genocide Is Permissible,” is far more extreme and revolting than anything Adolf Hitler ever wrote.
As Turkish Prime Minister Erdoğan said last week, “Those who condemn Hitler day and night have surpassed Hitler in barbarism.”
Some Zionist rats are lashing out at Obama and Kerry. They believe the American President and Secretary of State are sending the wrong signals by not supporting Israel's assault on Gaza with sufficient fervor. That is one of the main reasons Israel is losing in Gaza, according to Jeffrey Goldberg. He accuses Kerry of “indulging” Hamas.
Other Zionist rats may not be just blaming Obama and Kerry, but actually conspiring against them. Last year American Zionist Andrew Adler, editor of the Jewish Times, published an editorial calling on the Israeli Mossad to kill President Obama. Many Zionists are probably entertaining the same notion today – despite the fact that Obama has exerted even less actual pressure on Israel than previous presidents did.
Once again, the cornered rats are lashing out at the wrong target.
Israel's real political problem in America is not Obama himself, but the young people who voted for him. Israeli journalist Peter Beinart just published an article in Ha'aretz headlined:
“On Gaza, Israel is losing the Obama coalition. As America grows less nationalistic, less hawkish, and less religious it will grow less sympathetic to an Israel defined by exactly those characteristics.”
Beinart notes that Israel's American supporters are gradually dying off:
“According to Gallup, while Americans over the age of 65 support Israel's actions by a margin of 24 points, Americans under 30 oppose them by a margin of 26 points.”
It seems inevitable that in the not-so-distant future, the US – Israel's lone supporter on the world stage – will turn against the Zionist entity. When that happens, Kissinger's prophecy that Israel will cease to exist will be fulfilled.
Israel's leaders know that time, history, and demographics are working against them. They know that apartheid South Africa, a racist regime that was not nearly as vicious or genocidal as Israel, was erased from the pages of time by a changing current of global public opinion very similar to today's rising tide of anti-Zionism.
The rats in Israel have their backs to the wall. They are cornered, and they know it. And as they blindly lash out in useless fury by mass-murdering ever-increasing numbers of helpless women and children, they are simply hastening their own inevitable demise.
Stop the elevator; I'm not done
Stop the elevator; I'm not done
UU World Magazine , published by the Unitarian Universalist Association
UU Theology, Personal Inspiration
The teens in my Unitarian Universalist church's Coming of Age program are working on their elevator speeches this month. “If you were on an elevator and someone asked you what Unitarian Universalism is, what could you tell them before one or the other of you had to get off?”
In these kinds of teaching situations, I always fantasize that I'll be like the golf pro who illustrates all his good advice by picking up a club and sending a drive soaring down the fairway. “See?” he says. And the students (their heads tilted upward to follow the tiny ball as it vanishes into the distance) reply: “Ooooohhhh.”
I'm still waiting for that experience, and I'm not optimistic it will happen this month, either. I've written a bunch of elevator speeches over the years. None of them were ooooohhhh-worthy, and none of them has aged well. Any time I think I'm going to escape the assignment by pulling some previous speech out of my files, I retrieve one, read it, sigh, and return to my blank sheet of paper.
Why is this so hard? I'd like to just get angry at whoever came up with the whole elevator-speech idea. It's unreasonable. You can't sum up a religion in a few lines.
Except that, in other religions, people seem to do it. Those guys who buy tickets behind home plate and wave signs that say “John 3:16”—they think they've really captured something. And sure, getting Christianity down to nine keystrokes requires code, but even if you open your Bible and decrypt it, it's still a pretty good elevator-length summary: “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
The whole elevator-speech idea is actually much older than power-driven elevators and the short discussions they enable. (In earlier rope-and-pulley elevators, conversation was more limited: “Keep pulling. We're almost there.”) It goes back at least as far as the Jewish teacher Hillel, a contemporary of Jesus. A gentile had asked Hillel's rival Shammai to summarize the Torah while standing on one foot. Shammai took offense and chased the young man away with a ruler (a reaction I sympathize with). But Hillel was more easy-going and accepted the challenge. “What is hateful to you,” he said, “do not do to your neighbor. That is the whole Torah; the rest is commentary. Go and learn it.”
Put Hillel on one of today's elevators and his speech would be finished before everybody got done pushing their buttons. It's simple, meaningful, and leaves room for expansion: The rest may be “commentary,” but it's important—you should go and learn it.
If any of Hillel's students had been eavesdropping and wondering how the master would answer, I'll bet they said, “Ooooohhhh.”
Why is it so hard to do that for Unitarian Universalism?
It's so hard that I can't even find a speech I want to steal. In 2003, when UUA President William Sinkford promoted the elevator-speech exercise in a UU World column, he came up with this: “The Unitarian side tells us that there is only one God, one spirit of life, one power of love. The Universalist side tells us that God is a loving God, condemning none of us, valuing the spark of divinity that is in every human being. So my version of what Unitarian Universalism stands for is: One God, no one left behind.”
I find that to be an admirable completion of the assignment, but I'm not tempted to adopt it as my own. I worry that anyone in Sinkford's elevator who got intrigued enough to show up at a UU church would be disappointed. How much time do we spend talking about the One God who leaves no one behind? I could imagine a religion that focused on such a God, and it might be a fine religion indeed. But I don't think it's us.
So I wind up back at John 3:16. Why don't we have something like that? Is Unitarian Universalism inherently more vague than Christianity? Is the problem that we lack a core to describe?
The longer I work on my speech, the more I think our disadvantage originates elsewhere. What you can get across quickly depends a lot on what your listener is expecting to hear. Anybody who asks, “What is your religion about?” is already pulling the Religion box off his or her mental shelf and getting ready to rummage through it.
John 3:16 works because American culture preps the listener to understand it. Christianity is sitting right at the top of most Americans' Religion boxes, so all a Baptist or a Methodist has to do is point into the box and say, “That one.” Even Christians from obscure denominations just have to say, “Grab the first three pieces you see and connect them together like so.”
But if you picture an English-speaking Martian on the elevator instead of a typical American, John 3:16 falls apart: “Who is this God character?” he, she, or it might wonder. “How does God have sons? Why only one? And what's the connection between believing in him—or believing anything, for that matter—and living forever?”
Probably the John-quoting Methodist would face the Martian equivalent of an empty stare—the same expression my elevator speeches usually evoke.
The UU-elevator-speech problem, it seems to me, comes down to this: If the components of Unitarian Universalism are in my listener's mental Religion box at all, they're probably somewhere near the bottom. So I can't just point; I've got to help unpack the box, flinging away irrelevant concepts until the elevator floor is littered with them: “Unitarian Universalism isn't about getting to Heaven. It's not about a creed. There's no UU pope. No founding prophet. No Golden Age. No scripture that it's all based on . . . ”
Ding.
The doors open and my listener leaves with the impression that Unitarian Universalism is some kind of nihilistic worldview that doesn't believe in anything. Damn. I should have told her it isn't that, either. So “not this, not that” also doesn't work. Maybe the best I can do is a series of this-not-that statements, so that I manage to mention some positive attributes while I'm tossing away the ones that don't fit. These are the best ones I've found so far:
Unitarian Universalism is an evolving religion, not a revealed religion. In my experience, most elevator-riders are expecting to hear about a revealed religion. A revealed religion claims to come from God, who stepped into history at some point and gave a revelation to a chosen messenger. The religion, then, is the community of people who are dedicated to preserving that revelation and passing it down unaltered to future generations.
But the ideas and practices of Unitarian Universalism come from people, and we don't claim otherwise. Like all human constructions, our religion is imperfect. So each generation of UUs works on it, changes it somewhat, and tries to leave something better for the next generation.
That gives us a different relationship to our history. We celebrate and honor the leaders and thinkers from our past, but we're not bound by them. If something they taught turns out to be wrong, we change it. And we expect no less out of future generations: We want our descendants to find our mistakes and fix them, not paper them over or (worst of all) live by them.
Unitarian Universalism is about this life, not an afterlife. It's easy to jump to the conclusion that UUs don't believe in an afterlife, but that's inaccurate. Individual UUs believe all sorts of things about what happens after death, and we're content to disagree because that's not what our religion is about.
There is only one kind of afterlife UUs actively don't believe in: one whose rewards and punishments justify living in some way that wouldn't make sense otherwise. For us, this life stands on its own. The consequences we worry about are worldly consequences.
Unitarian Universalism focuses on actions and experiences, not beliefs. The important thing about this life is not what you believe, but what you do and how you feel about doing it.
That's how we can tolerate a range of beliefs that would splinter most other religions. In a UU church atheists, Christians, Jews, Buddhists, and people who defy all labels can not only worship together, but also teach each other's children.
Unitarian Universalism is democratic, not hierarchical. It isn't just that our congregations govern themselves—it's that the evolution of Unitarian Universalism is determined by what catches on among the rank-and-file. Ministers and writers and UUA officials may try to influence the direction of our movement, but ultimately it's the people in the pews who decide what Unitarian Universalism is going to be.
Unitarian Universalism envisions a harmony between goodness and happiness, not the sacrifice of one to the other. In our vision of the good life, individuals passionately and enthusiastically work to make the world more just, more loving, and more beautiful. None of us perfectly achieves that ideal, but if you come to a UU church, that's what you'll hear us talking about. It may sound like psychology or sociology or politics, and often it sounds like the Golden Rule or some other idea you might hear in countless other religions, but it's really about how to harmonize goodness and happiness in your life.
That's already way too much to say on an elevator in any building shorter than the Empire State. So unless my listener wants to get a cup of coffee at the observatory, I guess I'd boil it down to this: Evolving, not revealed. This life, not the afterlife. Actions and experiences, not beliefs. Democracy, not hierarchy. And don't choose between goodness and happiness, insist on both.
There's a lot more to understand, but I guess it will have to be commentary.
Related Resources
Welcome to Unitarian Universalism! An introduction to Unitarian Universalist beliefs, practices, and history. (UUA.org)
From the Archives
Trigger Warning: This article discusses topics such as domestic abuse, child exploitation, homophobia, and sexual assault. The videos linked to this article contain explicit (NSFW) content including sexual assault, domestic abuse, violence, and coarse language.
As I was sitting in my room, on my bed, bored and exhausted after a busy week of giving tours in the hot DC sun, I found myself mindlessly scrolling through the recommended for you section on Amazon Prime, eagerly and desperately searching for something new to watch.
As I was about to abandon all hope, an unfamiliar program with a rather thought provoking title piqued my interest. The feature I stumbled upon was an independent web-series entitled "Disposable Teens" which, until this point, I have never heard of before.
The series consists of one season containing five episodes which are six minutes each, amounting to about thirty minutes of total content. When I decided to watch this program, I was merely looking for an interesting way to kill thirty minutes of time. Little did I know was that this unknown, rather unassuming web-series tucked away in the fringes of the Amazon catalogue would bring me to tears, leaving me in a torrent of provocative thoughts and powerful emotions more so than any other piece I have watched in quite a long time.
"Disposable Teens" is set in New York City and documents the plight of 17-year old Austin who recently was outed as gay when his mother stumbled upon him and his boyfriend kissing each other. After being beat by his father for being gay, Austin runs away from home to an LGBT community center where an eager and compassionate albeit strained social worker refers him to a homeless shelter for LGBT youth.
Once at the shelter, the surly intake officer heartlessly informs Austin that there is no room for him and that he is on his own. Sleeping on a public park bench for days, the dirty, unkempt, battered Austin is approached by a man named Madison who appears as a good samaritan. Attractive and glib, Madison offers to take in Austin, bathe him, feed him, and provide him a bed and clean clothes. Desperate and without anywhere else to turn, Austin accepts the offer.
Unbeknownst to him, Madison's intentions for helping Austin was far from altruistic. Austin soon discovers that Madison is a photographer who forces the underage child to take pornographic photographs and videos in order to keep eating. Isolating Austin from his former boyfriend, social worker, and family, Madison proclaims that he now "owns" Austin and verbally berates the child as he protests Madison's perverse productions. Eventually, an infuriated Madison kicks Austin out of the apartment, and the season ends with Austin standing on a bridge, about to jump into a river.
LGBTQ youth homelessness has reached pandemic levels in America. Unaccepting home environments coupled with increasingly burdened and decreasingly funded social services programs serves as fuel to this fire. The statistics surrounding the issue are abysmal.
In 2015, 40% of the homeless youth population identified as LGBTQ, for a total of 22,000 LGBT teens and young adults living on the streets at any given time. Even more shocking is that 17% of these teens and young adults are HIV positive, and 5,000 will die each year from illness, assault, starvation, and other non-natural factors.
Furthermore, as the web-series brings to light, homeless LGBT youth are more at risk to become exploited through child pornography, human trafficking, and prostitution than either their non-LGBT or non-homeless counterparts. The final statistic is the most emotionally jarring-- over 53% of homeless LGBT youth will attempt suicide, compared to 30% of non-LGBT homeless youth, and 4.6% of non-homeless, non-LGBT youth.
At a time where LGBT individuals have achieved many victories in the past year, from the Obergefell v. Hodges marriage decision, to the Obama non-discrimination executive order, the alarming level of LGBT youth homelessness is unacceptable. This is often an area in LGBT rights that gets overlooked, as it is not as "sexy" as marriage equality or LGBT labor issues. The fact that there are so many LGBT teenagers and young adults who are homeless, starving, sick, and dying is an abomination for the most powerful economy in the world.
Thanks to series such as "Disposable Teens", the LGBT youth homelessness epidemic is beginning to be brought to light. However, unless we act as a nation to correct this societal wrong, this problem will only grow worse over time. Be the active change in your community to ensure every child, and every teen, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity is healthy, well-fed, and with a roof over their head. Donate to a local LGBT youth center near you, volunteer, or write your local legislators to demand change. Only if we act, will we see these glaring statistics begin to fall.
To check out "Disposable Teens" please visit the producer's YouTube channel here, or their website here. For citations to all facts referenced here, please follow the links in the article.
There has been so much speculation, so much trash, and soooooo many spins on what was going to come up for the “next Ford Mustang” over the past oh, 7 years. Some said “twin turbo, man” while others said “dude, the 5-oh is coming back”. Others, not holding opinion to the candle's flame, have suggested that a simpler, nimbler car will make it into the limelight soon, under the Mustang brand.
We have to sit back and ponder here. Do we think of the new Coyote 5.0-liter V8 power plant sitting inside the S197 platform forever? Nay, nay. If we dared think this is the end, we'd better sign the government (read: taxpayers) loan papers now and just turn in our blue-blooded keys.
Image Credit – Yasid Design
So, up until this moment, everyone has spent time, energy, and conjecture upon the 2012 (which we now know well), the 2013, and the 2014 models of the Ford Mustang. This leads us to a 2013 Mustang and a 2014 Mustang setup that simply continues what we've just now born witness to for the 2012 Mustang lineup…awesome cars with incredible power & sexy refinement while still holding the Mustang moniker up to the legacy it always has.
What's surprising for us all to think about is the fact the 50th Anniversary Ford Mustang might bring upon more surprises and/or dream crushes than any of us have thought would happen thus far.
Why are we saying this?
We have heard Ford personnel directly state that the next-gen Ford Mustang won't just be a refreshed or polished version of the current S197 platform; rather it is destined to not be “…an evolution of the 2005, 2010 cars.” –Ford's design chief J Mays, at the 2010 Paris Auto Show.
Lots of speculation abounds in any enthusiast community, and the fact Mustang is headed toward its 50th Anniversary leads no one to stay on the bench without rumored ideas or dreams for what may come.
EcoBoost? SVO? IRS? A more compact frame? Sleeked styling cues? Australian design? A Mustang II resurrection?
We have our own sources on the inside, but for now, we're content with leaving them alone and watching the fireworks up in the sky…
Source: Mustangs Daily
Categories:
The Baltimore Orioles are close to officially naming Dan Duquette as their next general manager, two sources confirmed Saturday.
Duquette, formerly a GM for the Montreal Expos and Boston Red Sox, interviewed in Baltimore Friday and was traveling to Baltimore Saturday to finalize a contract.
The Orioles had offered the GM job to Toronto Blue Jays assistant GM Tony LaCava, but he turned it down. LaCava was the only person offered the job before Duquette.
Jerry Dipoto interviewed, but he took the GM job with the Los Angeles Angels.
The Orioles also interviewed De Jon Watson, assistant GM of the Los Angeles Dodgers, and Scott Proefrock, assistant GM with the Philadelphia Phillies.
Duquette helped build the Expos into the best team in the National League in 1994, but that season ended in August with a players' strike. He later became the GM of the Red Sox, and was the GM that made the deal to bring Pedro Martinez to Boston.
Tim Kurkjian is a senior writer for ESPN The Magazine.
Buying Reddit upvotes has always been a contentious issue where the public is EXTREMELY split:
Some haven't thought about it and don't even know it's a thing. These people will purchase your products or services if they see them upvoted enough.
Others believe that Reddit's anti-spam system is unbreakable. They believe that trying to get past it can actually hurt more than it helps. These people will purchase even more of your products or services.
Others have used it to create strong, trusted and popular companies that generate profit with a very low customer acquisition cost.
The last category is represented by our clients (yep, we sell Reddit upvotes on the main page). The first two categories are people that see a comment recommending something and take it as legit without skepticism. Or they see an upvoted post reviewing a new online tool and they immediately sign up and try it. Examples can go on. In short, they make great purchasers for your products or services. Or an easy to acquire following for your cause. Or fans if you are a music artist. Etcetera.
The best marketing is word of mouth and Reddit, Hacker News and Voat are word of mouth on steroids. Reddit upvotes and downvotes can bring a lot of positive cash flow and recognition to any startup or already established business; it does it fast, in less than 24 hours. Combined with strategic comments and posts, they can ruin a competitor.
You don't have to use this strategy for direct conversions, which is what we do most. You can take it slowly and first bring a lot of Reddit traffic to your blog. Or get a lot of subscribers for your mailing list, which you'll convert later. The possibilities are really endless.
There's a reason we dislike utmost when it comes to why some people won't buy Reddit upvotes: they've been scammed before. Actually at the time when we're writing this, the first few websites that appear on Google when searching for „buy Reddit upvotes” are actually scams. We know because we've tried them ourselves. First off, they're slow. They won't start upvoting as soon as you place the order. They'll wait 24 hours so that moderator traffic goes off the post in cause and they can upvote it with less risk. The accounts that they use are extremely low quality and most of the upvotes won't count. They'll justify it with „you've been downvoted as well, it's out of our control!”. Some are even so uninterested in providing a quality service that they are using software like „Reddit Automation Bot”, „Reddit Account Creator and Upvoater” or „Reddit Dominator”. With all these low quality services, your accounts will generally be banned in less than one week. If you're lucky, it can take up to ninety days. The services on Fiverr and SEOclerks related to this are even worse. Do you actually believe someone will give you 40 upvotes for five dollars? And do it manually? Just one person? No.
If it seems too good to be true, it's a scam. There's no putting it lightly when it comes to this subject: over eighty percent of the industry is a scam. Of the remaining twenty percent, most, even though they don't try to cheat you, provide a low-quality service. It's usually just one man having registered a bunch of accounts and upvoting with them through software. It's inefficient and risky. A ticking bomb waiting to be banned with everything that he's got.
We are a team of eleven persons which use Reddit ten hours per day. Most of us have been doing this for over five years. Many of the accounts that we use have received gold numerous times and have an amazing reputation in the subreddits that they're targetting. We have moderator access to over 4000 subreddits. Six of the accounts from these lists belong to us. We have the monopoly when it comes to offering a quality service, and not just on Reddit. We've helped a lot of companies become giants. We've helped politicians get elected. We're friendly. We'll keep doing this. We want to help companies succeed without huge marketing budgets. Our most trusted clients also receive access to our backup websites, therefore this can't stop if they're serious about it. Try us! We'll bring qualified traffic where you want it.
Get evil marketing tips directly to your inbox. * No 3rd party advertising, therefore please don't use your spam email.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Phoenix police officers investigate on Feb. 21, 2017, the shooting deaths of a man and woman that occurred late Feb. 20, 2017. There was no indication when the scene would be cleared or the status of the four children that were on scene. (Photo: April Morganroth/The Republic)
A double shooting in Phoenix on Monday night appears to be a murder-suicide, according to Phoenix police.
Officials say Oliver Olague-Acosta​, 34, shot and killed Iveth Susana Chavez, 33, before shooting himself. Four juveniles had either been in or just outside the house at the time, police said.
One of the children called 911 just before 10 p.m. When police officers arrived on scene near 63rd Avenue and Lower Buckeye Road, they encountered four children leaving the home unharmed, police said.
"The four children told officers that their mother and stepfather were arguing," said Sgt. Jonathan Howard, a spokesman for the Phoenix Police Department. "They said they heard about four gunshots."
Officers entered the home to find the man and woman deceased.
Neighbors at the couple's current and former homes all described a quiet pair who kept to themselves and had friendly children.
"They never caused any scenes and their children were always real sweet," Fernando Garcia said.
Garcia said he was up with his daughter Monday night as she finished a school project when she told him that she heard gunshots.
"I told her that I thought it was the TV," Garcia said. "When I checked outside, I saw Phoenix police swarming around and pulling up real fast."
Police said the couple's children were in the care of their grandparents on Tuesday, and the investigation is ongoing.
Check back with azcentral.com for more details.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2m3M0su
The leaves are starting to change colour, the morning air is becoming crisp. When fall arrives, a man's thoughts naturally turn toward… hunting. Myself, being of a wonkier frame of mind, I tend to think less about hunting and more about gun control.
Unlike Americans, we Canadians are not burdened by the straightjacket of a centuries-old constitution, and so there is no entrenched right of gun ownership in our society. Furthermore, neither politicians nor the courts have seen fit to create one. Indeed, the Supreme Court Reference re Firearms Act was a pretty unambiguous smack-down to any sort of “rights” talk. The current federal government is about as gun-friendly as any we are ever likely to see.
Some people, however, seem to have missed the memo (he says, casting his eyes westward). For those who did miss it, I want to explain in simple terms why you do not have, and ought not have, any “right” to own a gun.
Speaking of missing the memo, I was struck by this advertisement that was making the rounds a while back, from a Libertarian Party candidate in a recent Alberta provincial election by-election.
This is worth a chuckle or two, but it is also gloriously confused. The folks in libertarian school don't seem to be doing a very good job teaching people what the doctrine amounts to. Traditionally at least, libertarianism doesn't mean “Everyone gets to do whatever the fuck they want.” That's more like South Park libertarianism. Traditionally, libertarianism means “Everyone gets to do whatever they want, so long as it isn't hurting anyone else.”
With this in mind, let's look over that list again. Dope, gay sex, gun ownership… hmmmm. I don't happen to indulge in any of these three, but you're telling me that if you do, it's absolutely none of my business, because it doesn't affect me. None of these three things affects or harms anyone else, and so they fall within the realm of “individual liberty.”
Does that sound right? I don't think so. I'm inclined to say that one of these things is not like the others…. Marijuana laws are paternalist. So are anti-gay laws. But guns? We're supposed to believe that guns are a private, self-regarding choice? This is certainly not the standard argument. Gun control advocates are not saying, “you can't have a gun, because you might hurt yourself.” The more usual argument is “you can't have a gun, because you might hurt me” (cf. Reference re Firearms Act).
Let's turn to our John Stuart Mill, On Liberty, the “classical liberal” view. On the classical liberal (i.e. libertarian) view, growing pot would fall within your rights because it doesn't harm other people. So it's nobody else's business if you do it. Same with gay sex, it's your own business. (Gay marriage is actually a bit trickier, since that's a legal status, but we'll let that one slide.)
Gun ownership, however, does harm other people. I know, because my neighbours own guns, and it harms me. The simpleminded response is to say “no it doesn't, they would only be harming you if they shot you, which responsible, law-abiding gun owners (by definition) never do.” The argument then usually goes downhill from there, veering off into a discussion of statistics, and whether increased gun ownership increases the probability of me being shot.
I want to go in a different direction, and point out a more obvious fact, which is that a lot people are afraid of guns. You may not be, but I am. Guns scare the crap out of me. (I'm reminded of a story that an American friend of mine told me, the first time he held a Desert Eagle in his hand. “I was seized by a powerful feeling that nobody should own one of these,” he said.)
Also, people with guns scare the crap out of me. If you look at the public debate, you can tell that I'm not alone. Lots of people are, like me, genuinely afraid of guns. Not only that, we are genuinely afraid of people like you, who like to collect guns, shoot guns, and do whatever-else-it-is-you-do with guns. (And if you were honest with yourself, you would admit that part of the attraction of guns is precisely that other people are afraid of them. That's why they're so cool.)
So that is the harm of gun ownership – it creates fear in others. And limiting the ability of some to cause fear in others is a perfectly legitimate basis for legal regulation. After all, the major problem with street crime is not so much the actual damage that is done to persons and property (which is, in the grand scheme of things, not that large), it is the widespread fear that it causes.
Thus the only real question with guns is whether the fear they cause in others should count as a genuine harm. This depends on whether it is legitimate. For example, many people are also afraid of homosexuals – that's why it's called homophobia. Anyone who believes in gay rights must think that causing this fear in others does not count as a real harm – that the person who experiences this irrational fear should just get over it. Gun advocates say the same thing about firearms. The fact that guns because fear is also irrational, and us wimps should just learn to get over it.
So this is the crux of the argument for the supposed “right” to bear arms. If it is reasonable for me to be afraid of guns, then that counts as an argument for controlling them. If it is unreasonable, then I should just get over it.
Some people respond by pointing to a rural/urban split on this. In the city, there is practically no legitimate use for a firearm, so owning one is intrinsically suspicious, and hence threatening. But is it so harmless in the country either? I'm not sure about that. Obviously if you're in the middle of the wilderness who cares. But what about on a farm? Let's examine the two cases:
Guns in the country
Even in the country, I would suggest that guns are neither awesome nor harmless. I would be inclined to classify them as a nuisance.
I own a farm that backs onto a conservation area, where hunting is allowed (because it's such an important part of the “rural lifestyle”). It's a nuisance. If I had to choose the number one thing that my neighbours do that reduces my quality of life, I would say it's hunting. (The smell of manure, mailbox vandalism, barking dogs, Tim Hortons cups and Coors cans thrown out the car window, these are things I can live with. Guns are in a totally different category.)
I should mention, in this context, that several years ago my neighbour was shot dead by a hunter while walking her dog in the conservation area – not wounded, but shot dead. It led to a really noticeable decline in the number of people walking their dogs in the conservation area. I certainly don't.
Lots of people hear this and shrug their shoulders, saying “She should have known better than to go walking in the woods during hunting season.” Okay, stop for a second listen to how that sounds. I'm not allowed to go walking in the woods anymore because you're out there having fun (or communing with nature, or carrying on some important family tradition, or whatever), and who knows, you might just have an accident and shoot me dead.
Can you see how that makes you and your hobby a bit of a nuisance?
To make things worse, the fence between my land and the conservation area is not in great shape, and in some areas rusted out, so hunters are always wandering over onto my property. I bump into guys with shotguns and high-powered rifles in the forest on my land. The forest where my children play.
I don't think it takes a huge leap of imagination to see how this could have a negative impact on my quality of life. It's not the end of the world: we bought some blaze orange jackets and my wife got some blaze orange wool and knit scarves for the kids, which they wear from October until January. And for two weeks out of the year (deer hunting season) we don't go into the woods at all (the woods on my land, I should note, my personal, private property, which some libertarians seem to think I should have a right to enjoy year-round).
Someday I'll have to get the fence rebuilt, which will cost a couple thousand dollars. The only reason to do this is to keep the hunters off my land. That's what I mean by “nuisance.”
So on the one hand, I get it when it comes to guns in the country. When I see a dozen wild turkeys slowly walking across my lawn, acting like they own the place, I'm also tempted to shoot myself some dinner. And when I come home to see footprints in the snow around the back of my house, I think about how long it would take the OPP to arrive if I needed them. At that same time, it's important not to have any illusions. Widespread gun ownership, even in the country, can easily become a serious imposition on other people. That doesn't mean you can't have one, it just means that the terms under which you own one are going to have to be negotiated, and you're going to have to expect to make some compromises. Just saying “it's my right” doesn't cut it.
And just saying “I'm sorry you had those experiences, but I didn't do any of that stuff, and neither would any other responsible, law-abiding gun owner,” that also doesn't cut it. I'm talking about what the real consequences are of having the laws that we have, and the way things work in the real world. In that real world, gun ownership, even in the country, can be a serious nuisance.
Guns in the city
In the city, there is practically no legitimate reason for owning a gun. That they are present at all creates an enormous amount of fear.
The standard response, from gun advocates, is to say that guns are no problem when they are in the hands of law-abiding citizens. It's only in the hands of criminals that they cause problems – and why should responsible, law-abiding hobbyists be penalized for the actions of a few depraved criminals?
I just want to pause for a moment, and examine this concept – the “law abiding citizen” — that figures so prominently in all of these arguments. What does it mean to say that you are a law-abiding citizen? It means that, so far in your life, you claim to have respected all laws. Or at least the important ones. Maybe not the speed limit, or the one about smoking weed. Point is, you've never shot anyone, or robbed a store or anything.
What I want to emphasize is that, even if this is true, it is totally irrelevant. That's because everyone is law-abiding until the day that they're not. The nice old guy who shot and killed my neighbour was probably law-abiding as well, until the day that he shot and killed my neighbour (and in the end, he was acquitted of manslaughter charges, so I guess he remains law-abiding to this day). So you tell me that you are law-abiding? I could care less what you did in the past. Can you guarantee me that you're going to continue to obey the law, for the rest of your life? No, I thought not. I'm just supposed to trust you.
What I don't like, and what makes me afraid, is the fact that you have the ability to kill me on a whim. The fact that you say “don't worry, I'm not going to do that,” doesn't really make the underlying problem go away.
Consider the following, a little analogy that I cooked up.
Suppose that I have a peculiar hobby. I enjoy throwing rocks at little children and just missing them. I'm really good at it too, I've never hit one, I always just miss. I like to hang around at the neighbourhood playground, indulging my little hobby, picking up rocks, and throwing them so that they just miss hitting the kids who are playing there.
Naturally, this hobby freaks out the parents. “What are you doing?” they say, “stop throwing rocks at my kid!” I remain cool and nonchalant: “Relax lady, I haven't done anything to your kid. I've been throwing rocks like this for 20 years, I've never hit a kid yet. Trust me.”
It's obvious that my behaviour is seriously upsetting the parents of these children. Some of them are packing up and leaving the park. Others are pleading with me to stop doing what I'm doing. I go on about my business, gloriously ignoring all of the fear and suffering that my behaviour is causing. Why? Well when you think about it, it's really the parents' fault. If they could all just relax, there would be no problem. After all, I'm a responsible rock-thrower.
Does this sound like a reasonable defence of my actions? Probably not. One might be inclined to say that throwing rocks at children is just inherently dangerous, so that no matter how careful I am, or how responsible, the activity creates anxiety in others – and that this gives them legitimate grounds for regulating or controlling my behaviour.
Guns, I would submit, are also inherently dangerous. Their presence in a community creates fear and anxiety, no matter how responsible and law-abiding the owners.
Ultimately, what gun owners are saying to the rest of society is that we should all just trust you. In fact, you're asking us to put an enormous amount of trust in you. But at the same time, you don't seem to be showing a whole lot of concern for our feelings. In fact, you seem to be showing a callous disregard for the feelings of everyone but yourself. So how exactly are we supposed to trust you?
In fact, given the amount of fear that guns create, I have difficulty avoiding the sense that opponents of gun control lack a certain basic human decency. I mean, suppose that I really am a responsible rock-thrower, and it really is the case that I'm not going to hit any of the kids. Doesn't the mere fact that I am upsetting the parents give me reason to take up some other hobby? Same thing goes for guns. To claim that others should live in genuine, mortal fear, so that you can enjoy your hobby, seems to me the essence of insensitivity. I don't see any way to avoid the conclusion that, if you genuinely think this way, you are a bad person.
Academic post-script
Many people think that the inability to say anything helpful about the management of risk — cases where there is not yet any actual boundary-crossing, but only a potential one — is a serious limitation of libertarian theories. The canonical formulation of this objection can be found in Peter Railton's paper, “Locke, Stock and Peril: Natural Property Rights, Pollution and Risk.” Since I don't follow these things religiously, if anyone knows of any intelligent/cogent responses to the Railton piece, worth reading, please feel free to provide references.
I don't know about you all, but I was certainly starting to feel a teeny bit restless that someone somewhere wasn't proposing dropping 9 digits of money on some quasi-public stadium in Minnesota. After all, we were on a clip there for a while where a new stadium was going up about every 3 years, and come 2015 AD, it was feeling like We the People were going to be let down.
But alas! Earlier this year, we witnessed the ironic marriage of a health insurance company ex-CEO (who left in the midst of controversy) and a globally loved sport (whose international governing body was found to be corrupt last week). And some interest in football (soccer) led to a grand pursuit to build another sport-specific stadium.
I'm sure you've heard the headlines, how McGuire only wants tax breaks, how Minneapolis Mayor Hodges doesn't like it, how Jacob Frey is playing mediating Switzerland, blah blah blah. We've heard it before. Stadium controversies in Minneapolis are so early-2010s.
Meanwhile, St Paul is suddenly cool! From potential bike loops to a new Saints Ballpark to hipster zip codes to buzzwords like “hip”, the eastern Twin City is suddenly coming out of its shell and finding the confidence to ask someone other than Minneapolis to prom.
Then, this MinnPost article got me thinking.
So here is the idea of the century: instead of going through the seasoned ritual of Minneapolis stadium fanatics, place the stadium in St. Paul instead. And I'm not talking downtown–there probably isn't enough good space for a large stadium right now that wouldn't tear down at least one beautiful old building. Rather, place it on that big swath of bus barn land near Snelling & University.
Here is why:
1) It's already non-taxed land
The bus barn site is a massive swath of land just to the southeast of the University and Snelling supernode. For decades, it was used as a main trolley car barn for Twin Cities Rapid Transit Company, and is currently owned by Metro Transit. The Met Council & The City of St. Paul recently completed a development analysis on the site and found that yes, it could redevelop but yes, it needs lotza parking, because everyone all the time needs more parking everywhere.
I've heard and am aware of the passionate desire to put some true tax base on this site, but placing the MLS stadium as desired by Dr. McGuire would be a technical “net zero” change from today's condition. In the context of today's tax levies, nobody really loses, and the Snelliversity neighborhood wins a stadium that can be used almost 3x more than an NFL Stadium equivalent in a year.
And about that tax base? That leads to my second point:
2) Amazing redevelopment potential around it
Snelliversity has so much potential, but currently it's swarmed with strip malls galore and an infamous pool tile structure. The TOD plan is nice, as master plans should be, but any development on the bus barn site by itself would still have to deal with the fact that it's still next to strip malls galore and across from an infamous pool tile structure. Oh yeah, and there is also a freeway adjacent to it, too.
What I'm getting at is, any development in this site directly will take a long time to appear. If you add a stadium, suddenly those strip mall property owners see their development value skyrocket with a decently used amenity, and development appears before the year 2050. Place the stadium on the bus barn site and construct parking over the interstate like the ABC Ramps in Minneapolis (connect it with the planned I-94 managed lane project slated to begin in a couple of years?) and you still have more than half of the block open for development. Now the stadium has suddenly blocked the strip malls from the interstate, and voila! Valuable large parcels appear, ripe for mixed-use.
There is definitely some innate value in putting a large quasi-civic building next to something that people don't really enjoy being by, such as an interstate highway. It kind of has the same storyline as “Let's put an MLB ballpark next to a garbage burner, and maybe a blood marrow donor non-profit will move in sometime soon or something.”
3) Opening-day transit connections
Oh yeah, did you hear that there is a light rail line, currently in operation, that runs right near here? Good transit service could be ready by the first MLS game, instead of maybe 2020 or 2021 or 2121! There is also this neat BRT line on Snelling that will be operational next year, so that's also a cool thing.
4) Diverse neighborhood on the rise
Unbeknownst to many Americans, football (soccer) is the most popular sport in the world. This area of St. Paul–specifically nearby Frogtown–has a rich and diverse multicultural population that might crave professional football (soccer) games more than industrial loft-dwelling yuppie IPA drinkers in the North Loop.
5) Other perks
On top of the immediate benefits of putting it near Snelliversity, think of the imaginative solutions that could arise around the area! In honor of the MN United team name, this locale could be renamed “UnitedTown”, and could rival Uptown in a more team-spirited-spun way. I'm also thinking someone somewhere could build an observation tower nearly 1,000 feet high that would feature an observation deck, a five-star taproom, and Juicy Lucy sliders. Think Fernsehturm at Alexanderplatz, but less German and more MSPian.
So, these are ideas. And ideas are where everything starts. Leave your ideas in the comments below! (But try not to thread too much for our readers' sake.)
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Related
Streets.mn is a non-profit and is volunteer run. We rely on your support to keep the servers running. If you value what you read, please consider becoming a member.
TEPCO directors quit with 'golden parachute'
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: TEPCO officials resign after nuclear disaster (7pm TV News NSW)
Directors and auditors at the Japanese operator of the Fukushima nuclear plant have used the company's annual general meeting to resign.
In theory, the TEPCO directors and auditors are doing so to take responsibility for last year's disaster, but the ABC can confirm nearly half of those who have resigned will take up lucrative posts with other TEPCO group companies.
Some of the executives are also facing the biggest lawsuit in Japanese history - a $67 billion compensation claim from shareholders for what they describe as unforgivable negligence.
Outside the company's meeting on Wednesday, activists - most of them middle-aged women - handed out anti-nuclear leaflets to shareholders making their way in.
Among them was Yui Kimura, who bought TEPCO shares so she could attend and vote at meetings.
She is one of 42 shareholders suing 27 company directors for failing to heed repeated warnings about the threat of a giant tsunami.
She is fighting for TEPCO to pay compensation for those affected by the Fukushima nuclear meltdowns.
About 100,000 Fukushima residents still cannot return home.
"TEPCO executives who operate dangerous nuclear plants should take responsibility if there's an accident," Ms Kimura said.
"So we are demanding these TEPCO executives pay compensation."
TEPCO spokesman Yoshimi Hitosugi told the ABC he could not speak about the court case.
Anti-nuclear activists and TEPCO shareholders say the company's directors should not be given a "golden parachute" when they resign.
"This is unforgivable," shareholder Yui Kimura said.
"They're acting as if there was no accident. They should not take these golden parachutes."
TEPCO shareholder Taro Shisido says he had to flee his home, just a few kilometres from the Fukushima nuclear plant, because of a nuclear meltdown.
"I feel TEPCO has deceived me," he said.
"I have been an evacuee for more than 15 months.
"The only things living in my house in Fukushima now are rats."
Topics: company-news, nuclear-issues, environment, nuclear-accident, business-economics-and-finance, japan
First posted
You might never think that things like this exist, but there is a whole Russian video made like Pulp Fiction parody, but instead America of 1990s it takes place in Nazi Germany with cult Russian spy “Shtirlitz” as a main hero. Here are two scenes from this video – the beginning of Pulp Fiction movie, now with a Russian spy proclaiming “It's a special operation!” instead of “It's a robbery!”, and the scene where they come to the hotel room. Pretty strange thing to watch!
Anyways hope you liked this one!
For those who doesn't speak Russian, they came to revenge for the one who “tried to cheat on their Boss… Joseph Stalin”. The guy sitting behind the table is called Hitler. The food they got is german sausage. While walking in the hallway they discuss that “You know how do they call bacon in Germany? How? Shpicken!”. Etc etc. “Also what is your name sir? My name is Moses!”.
Also, at the end, where he reads a scripture, he actually reads a piece of Russian Newspaper which is very brief: “I am going to read you a piece of our Newspaper. It's all over it: Death to Nazis!”. Then shots fired.
Subscribe to our Facebook, Twitter to stay updated for the new posts. Also we have many more stories to explore below:
Nietzsche famously wrote that the “slave morality,” the ethical code of the weak, is established to overthrow the “master morality,” the ethical code of the strong.
Whereas the “master morality” originates in the strong as a spontaneous affirmation of what is good and noble, the slave morality inverts the values of the strong (values such as strength, a fervent desire for honor, and a desire for excellence and superiority) and enshrines the opposing values of submissiveness and false humility. Because these latter values originate in a derivative fashion, as a reaction to the more spontaneous values of the strong, Nietzsche is largely repulsed by them. Thus, he cries “bad air! bad air!” when he approaches the slave morality's manufacturing of ideals and its false humility.[i]
Further, Nietzsche argues that the same drive motivating the strong also motivates the weak: the will-to-power. By enshrining the “slave morality,” the weak are doing exactly what the strong do: They are aiming at eminence and superiority. However, the weak aim at these in bad faith; i.e., they seek them without admitting to themselves that they are seeking them—they don't acknowledge that they too have this drive to superiority. Deceiving themselves, they invert the values of the strong in the name of “humility” or “lowliness,” but, like the strong, they are motivated by the will-to-power. The will-to-power, Nietzsche clarifies, is not only the drive to acquire eminence and superiority, but also the drive to exert and discharge one's strength.[ii] Thus, as the weak rise in eminence, they seek to exert their strength on the strong by forcing them to conform to the ethical code of the slave morality.
Nietzsche goes on to claim that Christian moral teaching is rooted in the slave morality. He explains this by mapping out a so-called “genealogy” that traces the movement from the aristocratic, noble spirit of the Greeks to the common, democratic spirit of today, arguing that the superior, noble spirit of the Greeks is contrary to the common, democratic spirit of contemporary society and, allegedly, to the history of Christianity. On this point, it seems that Nietzsche is plainly mistaken, not because Christian moral teachers have rejected the virtue of humility, but because the most sophisticated have never rejected the natural drive to eminence and superiority. Indeed, they have taken this drive into account and have even ascribed virtues to those who pursue them in the proper way. These sophisticated thinkers, in other words, have regarded the the mediocre as lesser and noble as higher.
For instance, turning to that lucid expositor of St. Thomas Aquinas, Josef Pieper, we read, “one of the goods in which man naturally seeks fulfillment of his being is excellentia: superiority, pre-eminence, consideration.”[iii] The inclination to excellentia is a natural inclination, like the drives to truth or friendship, and therefore needs to be taken into consideration in our ethical dealings. Following Aquinas, Pieper argues that those who pursue pre-eminence and superiority in the right way are high-minded or magnanimous. “High-minded is the man who feels the potentiality of greatness and prepares for it. The high-minded or magnanimous man is, in a certain sense, ‘selective.' He will not be accessible to every approach, but will keep himself for the greatness to which he feels akin.”[iv] The magnanimous man, in other words, does not settle for the banal and mediocre. Despite Nietzsche's claims to the contrary, Christian thinkers have been claiming that excellentia is not an evil to be avoided, but a good to be sought and cherished.
Moreover, Nietzsche and Christian philosophers, such as Aquinas and Pieper, prize the magnanimous man for the same reasons. According to Pieper, the magnanimous man is, in a strong sense, difficult to harm. “The high-minded man does not complain; for his heart is impervious to external evil. High-mindedness implies an unshakable firmness of hope, an actually challenging assurance, and the perfect peace of a fearless heart.”[v] The heart of the magnanimous man is steadfast, never flinching from external setbacks but fixed with an abiding hope.
Now consider Nietzsche's description: “To be incapable of taking one's enemies, one's accidents, even one's misdeeds seriously for very long—that is the sign of strong, full natures in whom there is an excess of the power to form, to mold, to recuperate and to forget … Such a man shakes off with a single shrug many vermin that eat deep into others.” [vi] As usual, Nietzsche's rhetoric is polemical and somewhat crude, but the content of his description aligns well with Pieper's description. Neither thinker promotes that obsessive self-abnegation of the weaker man; both promote a certain kind of strength and resilience in character that shrugs off external setbacks and trivial offenses.
Of most interest for the purposes of our investigation is that Pieper places humility and magnanimity logically right next to each other, as if they were two sides of the same coin: “Humility and [magnanimity] not only are not mutually exclusive, but actually are neighbors and akin; and both are equally opposed to pride or pusillanimity.”[vii] In fact, neither virtue could exist properly in a human being without the existence of the other virtue. Humility without magnanimity is not true humility, and magnanimity without humility is not true magnanimity. The reason for this is clear: “the ground of humility is man's estimation of himself according to truth.”[viii] A man who does not firmly acknowledge the truth about himself cannot be truly magnanimous, for the magnanimous man is clear-eyed and even-keeled, neither overestimating nor underestimating his own abilities, but perfecting them so that he may reach the heights of virtue and achieve the appropriate honors.
Thus, far from suggesting a flattering and obsequious form of humility, Pieper writes, “Fearless frankness is the hallmark of high-mindedness; nothing is further from it than to suppress truth from fear. Flattery and dissimulation are equally removed from the high-minded … a ‘humility' too weak and too narrow to bear the inner tension of cohabitation with high-mindedness is not true humility.”[ix] Humility, as the frank recognition of one's own abilities and capacities, precludes the exaggerated servility that is proper to flattery or sycophancy. Thus, the humble man does not fawn or grovel, but forthrightly acknowledges his own abilities and his own standing. The humble man, moreover, will not suppress the truth out of fear, but speaks the truth modestly even in the most dangerous environments, that is, environments that the weaker man would not be able to handle.
Nietzsche's definition of humility is clearly foreign to the Thomistic definition. Nietzsche refers to humility as a virtue of the slave morality[x]: It is the cunning and calculating self-deprecation of the weak, oriented to dominating the strong. Nietzsche writes, “while the noble man lives in trust and openness with himself …, the [weak man]is neither upright nor naïve nor honest and straightforward with himself. His soul squints; his spirit loves hiding places, secret paths and back doors … he understands how to keep silent, how not to forget, how to wait, how to be provisionally self-deprecating and humble.”[xi] Humility, on Nietzsche's account, is a power-ploy; it is never a frank acknowledgement, but rather an extension of deceptive cunning directed to gaining dominance over the strong.
Nietzsche deplores this type of “humility” since it is grounded in untruth, and the Christian, it seems, can heartily agree with Nietzsche on this point. For the Christian, however, the “humility” of the slave morality is not humility at all, but the vice of irony. Aquinas explains:
A person belittles himself by forsaking the truth, for instance by ascribing to himself something mean the existence of which in himself he does not perceive, or by denying something great of himself, which nevertheless he perceives himself to possess: this pertains to irony, and is always a sin. … [Sometimes] it happens that a man belittles himself for some … motive, for instance that he may deceive cunningly: and then irony is more grievous [than boasting] (ST II-II, Q. 114, A.1-2).
The “humble” man of the slave morality falls prey to the first form of irony: he ascribes to himself “something mean the existence of which in himself he does not perceive.” For it is characteristic of the weak man of the slave morality (of ressentiment) that he will not acknowledge his weaknesses as weaknesses but, instead, mischaracterizes them as strengths. By being self-deprecating, therefore, he ascribes “something mean” to himself without actually perceiving this weakness within himself. He is ironic. He is vicious.
To the extent that Nietzsche accuses Christianity for enshrining the humility of the slave morality, he seems to be plainly mistaken, for Christianity clearly rejects exactly what Nietzsche rejects: deceptive self-effacement before others to gain power and favor. The Christian account of humility, rather, is the firm acknowledgment of the truth about one's own person.
This form of humility is precisely what Nietzsche is missing. For without the humility that accounts for one's own weaknesses, all of our actions degenerate into the will-to-power. For those who seek only superiority, acknowledging one's own weaknesses is not an option, for it is equivalent to giving others the upper hand and submitting to their domination—unless, of course, it is done provisionally to deceive the strong and gain the upper hand at some point in the future.
Again, we can see the necessity of preserving the tension between humility and magnanimity, for each without the other will, of necessity, degenerate into the endless assertion of the self. It does not matter whether this self-assertion happens by means of callous domination or by means of servile self-abnegation, for both are oriented toward will-to-power. What's required for the Christian and for Nietzsche's so-called noble man is always keeping the tension between magnanimity and truthful humility. For only in this tension can each be preserved in its own right without degenerating into vice.
[i] Friedrich Nietzsche. The Genealogy of Morals. Ed. Walter Kaufmann. Trans. Walter Kaufmann. Basic Writings of Nietzsche. New York: Modern Library, 1968. Print. 482
[ii] Friedrich Nietzsche . Beyond Good and Evil. Ed. Walter Kaufmann. Trans. Walter Kaufmann. Basic Writings of Nietzsche. New York: Modern Library, 1968. Print. 211
[iii] Josef Pieper. The Four Cardinal Virtues: Prudence, Justice, Courage, Temperance. Notre Dame: University of Notre Dame Press, 1980. Print. 189
[iv] Ibid 190
[v] Ibid 190
[vi] The Genealogy of Morals 475
[vii] Pieper 189
[viii] Ibid 189
[ix] Ibid 190
[x] The Genealogy of Morals 397, 474
[xi] Ibid 474
Image caption Electronic cigarettes do not have tar, the harmful part of a normal cigarette
The number of people using e-cigarettes in the UK is expected to reach a million this year but while some believe the electronic alternative to tobacco could help save hundreds of thousands of lives others think they normalise what looks like smoking and may be unsafe.
Anyone walking into a busy pub in Manchester may well be confronted with a rather shocking sight.
At one table it looks like a group of friends is smoking, but there is no smell in the air and no ashtrays on the table. What they are using are e-cigarettes.
One of the women, Steph, says the e-cigarette has helped her to stop smoking.
"I've tried patches and inhalators," she says. "They're a lot better because you feel like you're having a cigarette."
"They're a great idea," says another woman, Lisa. "You've got the health benefits from it and it does taste like a cigarette."
The e-cigarette comes in two parts.
In one end there is liquid nicotine, in the other a rechargeable battery and an atomiser. When the user sucks, the liquid nicotine is vaporised and absorbed through the mouth. What looks like smoke is largely water vapour.
Because there is no tobacco in e-cigarettes, there is no tar and it is the tar in ordinary cigarettes that kills.
Safety concerns
If all the smokers in Britain stopped smoking cigarettes and started smoking e-cigarettes we would save 5 million deaths in people who are alive today Professor John Britton, Royal College of Physicians
The e-cigarette market is growing fast. A survey by the charity Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) suggests 700,000 people in the UK were using e-cigarettes last year.
The charity estimates that number will reach a million in 2013 and some medical experts see huge potential benefits.
"Nicotine itself is not a particularly hazardous drug," says Professor John Britton, who leads the tobacco advisory group for the Royal College of Physicians.
"It's something on a par with the effects you get from caffeine.
"If all the smokers in Britain stopped smoking cigarettes and started smoking e-cigarettes we would save 5 million deaths in people who are alive today. It's a massive potential public health prize."
There are however concerns about the safety and regulation of e-cigarettes.
They can legally be sold to children. There are few restrictions on advertising. Critics say some of the adverts glamorise something that looks like smoking.
Unlike patches and gum, e-cigarettes are not regulated like medicines. It means there are no rules for example about the purity of the nicotine in them.
Regulation call
So are e-cigarettes safe?
"The simple answer is we don't know," says Dr Vivienne Nathanson from the British Medical Association (BMA).
"It's going to take some time before we do know because we need to see them in use and study very carefully what the effects of e-cigarettes are."
The BMA is just one of the bodies to respond to a consultation on e-cigarettes by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency. The agency is deciding whether the e-cigarettes should be licensed as a medicine and more tightly regulated. The BMA thinks they should.
I don't think there's any difference between going for a caffeine break and having a nicotine break Lawrence Jones, UK Fast
"I would either take them off the shelves or I would very heavily regulate them so that we know the contents of each e-cigarette were very fixed," says Dr Nathanson.
E-cigarettes are currently classed as a general consumer product and regulated by trading standards. It means they cannot contain hazardous chemicals, for example, and that the battery in them must meet EU standards.
The trade association for e-cigarettes, the Electronic Cigarette Industry Trade Association, says they make no medicinal claims for their product. It is sold merely as an alternative to ordinary cigarettes.
Attempts to classify e-cigarettes as a medicinal product have been made in Holland and Germany but the industry successfully overturned the decisions in court.
Workplace etiquette
One UK based distributor, called VIP, says over stringent regulation could see them go out of business. Nonetheless Andy Whitmore, the company's marketing director, said it would "welcome regulation that ensures the product can't be sold to anyone under the age of 18".
There are many other questions. For example, should using e-cigarettes be allowed in a public place? At the offices of UK Fast - an internet storage company - employees can use them at their desk.
"It's a tricky one," says the company's chief executive officer, Lawrence Jones.
"It does look like smoking but could you stop someone from chewing a pencil or biting their nails? I don't think there's any difference between going for a caffeine break and having a nicotine break."
Other companies have banned it. But in theory electronic cigarettes can be used anywhere - on planes, trains, in hospitals.
The BMA is worried that the more people start using e-cigarettes the more it will normalise something that looks like smoking. They have called for the ban on smoking in public places to be extended to e-cigarettes.
A decision on whether the regulation of electronic cigarettes should be tightened will be made in a few weeks.
The leader of a group of armed anti-Muslim protesters in Texas posted the addresses of dozens of local Muslims and “Muslim sympathizer(s)” to Facebook on Tuesday.
David Wright III was behind an armed protest Saturday outside of a mosque in Irving, Texas by a group calling itself the “Bureau on American Islamic Relations,” according to The Dallas Morning News.
Wright prefaced the list of addresses, which appeared to be copied over from a city document, by writing that those named “stood up for Sharia tribunals”:
The newspaper noted that some of the names on the list were of people who asked the Irving City Council not to support the “American Laws for American Courts” bill, backed by Mayor Beth Van Duyne, because it would go against their religion. The City Council ultimately backed the bill, which forbid Texas judges from using foreign law in their rulings.
Wright told The Dallas Morning News that he organized the protest on Saturday because Muslims had “threatened to kill the mayor.” The publication noted that there was no evidence to support Wright's claim.
Another rally is planned for outside the Irving Islamic Center on Saturday to protest Wright's group. More than 100 people are planning on attending, according to the newspaper.
President Donald Trump has just signed an executive order on religious liberty.
This had been rumored for several months, but on Thursday, the National Day of Prayer, President Trump officially signed the new executive order, delivering a speech from the Rose Garden about the importance of protecting religious liberty.
So what exactly is this executive order? What does it do? Here's what you need to know.
1. It Directs the IRS to Exercise Discretion in Enforcing the Johnson Amendment
One of the main goals of this executive order is to, as the administration told reporters on Wednesday night, “alleviate the burden of the Johnson Amendment.”
The Johnson amendment is a provision of the United States tax code which prohibits tax-exempt religious organizations from endorsing political candidates or engaging in political activity; Donald Trump and other Republicans have argued that this restricts the first amendment rights of churches and religious groups.
“Freedom of religion is a sacred right, but it is also a right under threat all around us,” Trump said in a speech in February, according to The New York Times. “That is why I will get rid of and totally destroy the Johnson Amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of retribution.”
Under current law, churches can engage in political speech, but by doing so, they risk losing their tax-exempt status.
2. It Doesn't Completely Repeal the Johnson Amendment
Although the executive order signed today has the broad goal of alleviating the burden of the Johnson Amendment, it does not actually fully get rid of it.
After all, Congress would need to be responsible for repealing the Johnson Amendment, and this is not something President Donald Trump can accomplish on his own.
However, a repeal of the Johnson Amendment is reportedly being written into tax legislation being developed in the House of Representatives, according to The Washington Post.
For now, the executive order as signed today directs the IRS to exercise its discretion in its enforcement of the Johnson Amendment.
3. It Seeks to Provid ‘Regulatory Relief' for Objectors to Obamacare's Contraceptive Mandate
Another aspect of the executive order is that it provides “regulatory relief” to objectors to the Affordable Care Act's mandate requiring employers to cover contraceptives in their health care plans.
A handout provided to reporters on Wednesday night noted that this is supported by the Supreme Court's decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc.
In that landmark Supreme Court case, the court decided that Hobby Lobby did not need to cover contraceptives in their female employees' health care plans. This aspect of Obamacare has already been dramatically scaled back by the courts.
In the order itself, it is stated that the secretary of Health and Human Services should “consider issuing amended regulations, consistent with applicable law, to address conscience-based objections to the preventative care mandate…”
4. It Directs the Department of Justice to Investigate Violations of Religious Freedom
In addition, the executive order directs the Department of Justice to investigate violations of religious freedom.
Trump during his speech from the Rose Garden today brought up members of the Little Sisters of the Poor, a Roman Catholic religious institute, saying that he would ensure that people like them can not be discriminated against.
This is one aspect of the bill that was retained from the draft leaked to The Nation in February; that draft established a new section at the Department of Justice “that will ensure that the religious freedom of persons and religious organizations is protected throughout the United States, and shall investigate and, if necessary, take or coordinate appropriate action under applicable religious freedom laws.”
5. It Is Far Less Broad Than Some Early Drafts
This executive order is not nearly as broad as some early drafts of the order that had been going around in recent weeks.
Back in February, for example, a version of the order was leaked to The Nation. In that one, the definition of a religious organization was dramatically expanded, and it allowed for any person or organization to object to regulations or to providing services if they have a problem with them on a religious basis. Critics argued that it would allow for discrimination against LGBT Americans.
Nothing like this is in the final version of the executive order, and in general, this is far more narrow and less sweeping order than had been expected.
Dead people aren't supposed to vote — not even in Florida.
Eugenia Huguenin says breast cancer killed her daughter long before a voter registration card with Michele Huguenin's name and supposed signature was filed this year in Palm Beach County.
Her name was on one of the disputed 106 voter registration forms gathered on behalf of the Republican Party that have spawned a statewide voter fraud investigation.
While the form with Huguenin's name on it shows her requesting a new voter card this year, her mother said her daughter was already dead. Also, the Coconut Creek address listed on the form was out of date, because she said her daughter had moved to Atlanta several years ago.
"She couldn't have signed it," Eugenia Huguenin, of Michigan, said about the voter registration form that is now among thousands under investigation. "I don't know how they got her name."
Others whose names ended up on disputed voter forms — from a retired police officer in Boynton Beach to a nanny in Fort Lauderdale — are also wondering how their identities got swept into a voter fraud probe that has prompted a criminal investigation by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.
Too many voter registration forms failed to include basic identification information and too many signatures for different people looked too similar — and that drew the attention of the Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections Office.
"It was enough to cause concern," Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections Susan Bucher said.
That prompted a closer inspection of the 106 forms filed in August and September by a voter-drive company hired by the Republican Party. Elections officials found more questionable signatures, along with out of state residents requesting Florida voter cards. They also discovered addresses for car dealerships, gas stations, law offices and other commercial buildings listed as home addresses.
Some of the forms have since been verified as legitimate requests for actual voters.
But now nearly 2,600 voter registration forms filed in Palm Beach County on behalf of the Republican Party are under scrutiny and similar discrepancies on voter forms have been found in at least 11 Florida counties.
Carl Downes said he and his wife Deborah recently received a phone call from the FDLE telling them their names were among those on the disputed voter registration forms.
Downes, who said he is a retired police officer, said he and his wife never asked to join the Republican Party, as the form indicated. They have long been registered as No Party Affiliation, he said.
Downes said he and his wife never met with anyone asking them to change their registration and they "never applied for anything." And Downes said he would have remembered because the August date listed on the form with his name was his son's birthday.
"Somebody forged our names on voter registration forms," Downes said. "This was just done behind our backs. … It's extremely upsetting. That's an invasion of my privacy."
Michelle Debroka was also surprised to learn her name ended up on one of the disputed voter registration forms.
Debroka said the Fort Lauderdale address listed with her name on the form was her previous home. She said she never met with anyone from the voter drive and did not ask for a new voter card, as the form indicates.
"I don't know where [they] got my name," said Debroka who works as a nanny.
Authorities are investigating Strategic Allied Consulting, the company hired by the Republican Party to register voters.
The signatures on many of the forms that a company representative submitted were so similar that it raised suspicions, Bucher said. When she started Googling addresses she found even more problems; many commercial buildings listed as residences. Bucher said it was as if whoever filled out the form didn't think the information would be checked.
"We are very careful," Bucher said. "We want to make sure everybody can vote. That's our job."
Strategic Allied Consulting blamed one former worker for the problems with the suspect voter registration forms found in Palm Beach County.
The company this week did not respond to e-mailed requests for comment, but earlier this month issued a statement saying: "We will continue to do everything within our power to uncover any unethical or illegal activity in Florida."
The former temp worker for the company, William T. Hazard, 50, of Boynton Beach, who is a Strategic Allied Consulting said gathered the 106 disputed forms, last month told the Sun Sentinel that he "did nothing wrong."
Hazard told the Sun Sentinel that most of the people he approached were reluctant to give their Social Security numbers and that he didn't know if people wrote down false information.
The Republican Party has cut ties with the company that gathered the voter registration forms and party leaders have cooperated with the investigation.
Palm Beach County Republican Party Chairman Sid Dinerstein contends this wasn't a Republican attempt at voter fraud; it was about someone trying to get paid for not doing the expected work.
And where does Dinerstein think the names came from?
"Somebody had a phone book," Dinerstein speculated.
abreid@tribune.com, 561-228-5504 or Twitter@abreidnews
Before the dawn of this year's free agency period, I used my new Free Agent Quotient (FAQ) metric to predict which players might go under the radar as potential bargains.
Well, so much for that. With the NBA's salary cap rising by nearly 50% over the next two years, teams didn't hesitate to dish out extravagant contracts. So while some deals might look more team-friendly in the future, other athletes are currently radiating jealously over their basketball counterparts.
• MORE NBA: Free agent tracker | Roundup: Grade the deals | Off-season rumors
Boy these NBA contracts! — T.J. Ward (@BossWard43) July 1, 2015
Not every player will live up to their new, lofty salaries. Let's examine five guys whose contracts could soon become downright onerous. As a reminder, FAQ uses a player's 2014-15 PER, career PER, 2014-15 Win Shares and age to project his future value. Aging veterans, beware.
A quick review of the FAQ scale, which roughly ranges from 0-100:
100 = Strong MVP candidate
90 = Weak MVP candidate
80 = Superstar
70 = Bona fide All-Star
60 = Borderline All-Star
50 = Above-average starter 40 = Solid starter
30 = Valued rotation member
20 = Decent role player
10 = Bench player
0 = D-League All-Star
Contract details: Four years, $40 million (29th highest average annual value among free agents)
Free Agent Quotient: 12.4 (81st among free agents)
This off-season, Cleveland essentially employed the same strategy the San Francisco Giants did after winning the 2010 World Series: hastily rewarding the role players involved in the championship run. There's just one problem with that: the Cavaliers didn't win a title with last season's supporting cast. And Shumpert hasn't shown nearly enough to merit the same contract that Danny Green received from the Spurs.
Shumpert has never recorded a PER above 11.7. He's been perfectly average as a three-point shooter during his career (34.2%), so he hardly qualifies as a “three-and-D” guy. Really, his best asset is that he's still 24 years old. That's shaky foundation for a $40 million contract.
Contract details: Five years, $58 million (26th highest AAV among FAs)
Free Agent Quotient: 32.1 (41st among FAs)
This wouldn't be a horrible signing for every other NBA franchise. But given the context of New Orleans' crowded frontcourt situation, it makes you wonder why they'd throw nearly $60 million at a center with no discernible offensive skills—especially someone who will turn 34 in 2020 (when this deal ends)—and possesses talent that could have been replicated by a combination of other sources, for cheaper.
Note: You can hover over each zone to see the shooting percentages of Asik and the league average in each area.
Anthony Davis is already one of the best rim protectors in the game and will only get better. The Pelicans also have Alexis Ajinca (four years, $20 million) and Luke Babbitt (two year, $2.5 million) on their payroll, plus Kendrick Perkins (one year, $1 million), who was signed Tuesday.
Instead of inking a one-dimensional center who has clearly plateaued, why not go after someone like Kosta Koufos, who ended up signing with Sacramento for four years and $33 million? It's a question that will likely peck at the Pelicans' front office for the next half-decade.
Side note: Signing Kendrick Perkins to mentor Anthony Davis is like hiring Iggy Azalea to be Taylor Swift's guide through pop music. Really, what could Perkins teach Davis at this juncture?
• MORE NBA: Hammon's next step | Jordan can be Clipper for life
Contract details: Four years, $47 million (27th highest AAV among FAs)
Free Agent Quotient: 21.4 (71st among FAs)
The Nuggets were the third-worst shooting team from beyond the arc last season. Denver will sorely need better spacing if they're actually aiming for a playoff return in the next couple years, and locking up Chandler this offseason is at least a step toward that goal.
But Chandler's status as a deep threat is quite overstated. He's only converted more than 35% of his three-pointers in one season, when he made 41.3% of his attempts in 2012-13. But that's starting to look more and more like an anomaly.
Note: The below visualization has two entries for the 2010-11 season, one each for his time with the Knicks and Nuggets.
Chandler can't be considered a building block for Denver's next contending core, whenever that group emerges. FAQ indicates that he'll merely be a decent role player over the course of these contracts, so why cough up nearly $50 million for a shooter who can't even shoot that well?
Contract details: Four years, $70 million (13th highest AAV among FAs)
Free Agent Quotient: 40.3 (31st among FAs)
In Dallas' defense, Mark Cuban didn't originally plan to commit $70 million to Matthews. The Mavericks initially offered the wing $57 million over four years, which would have placed the former Blazer's contract 20th in AAV among free agents—a bit pricey, but not completely unreasonable.
However, DeAndre Jordan's change of heart opened up some cap space for Dallas, which they filled by giving Matthews a max deal. From a moral standpoint, that's a highly respectable decision by Cuban. From a basketball standpoint, it's pretty indefensible.
Let's be clear: Matthews is a very solid three-and-D guard, the type of player who excels in today's game. But you don't have to look at Matthews' middling FAQ (40.3, in the “solid starter” range) to come to the conclusion that he is in no way, shape or form a max player. And that judgment could be made before Matthews suffered a potentially career-altering Achilles injury.
Contract details: Five years, $89 million (11th highest AAV among FAs)
Free Agent Quotient: 47.1 (26th among FAs)
Only Kevin Love, Marc Gasol, Kawhi Leonard and Jimmy Butler were guaranteed more money this summer than Reggie Jackson. Keep in mind that Detroit's newly highest-paid player has a worse career PER than Jeremy Lin, Leandro Barbosa and Marcus Thornton.
Even though PER underestimates Jackson's contributions on defense, that is a damning assessment of Jackson's offensive ability. You simply don't pay someone of that caliber the same amount as John Wall, no matter the salary cap situation.
More: Young to watch who did not star at Summer League
And for all the praise that Jackson earns for his tenacity on the defensive end, opposing teams' offensive ratings were less than a point worse with him on the floor last season. Unless the 25-year-old has some unforeseen breakout in Motown, the Pistons will probably rue paying Jackson like a star.
In the last post about Writing Postgres Extensions, we covered the basics of extending PostgresSQL with extension. Now it's time for the fun part – developing our own type.
A small disclaimer
It's in your best interest to resist the urge to copy and paste the code found within this article. There are some serious bugs along the lines, which were intentionally left in for illustrative purposes. If you're looking for a production-ready base36 type definition, then take a look at here.
A refresher on base36
What we're after is the solid implementation of a base36 data type to use for storing and retrieving base36 numbers. We already created the basic skeleton for our extension, including base36.control and Makefile , which you can find in the GitHub repo dedicated to this series of blog posts. You can check out what we ended up with in Part 1 and the code from this post can be found on the part_ii branch.
base36.control 1 2 3 4 # base36 extension comment = 'base36 datatype' default_version = '0.0.1' relocatable = true
Makefile 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 EXTENSION = base36 # the extension name DATA = base36--0.0.1.sql # script files to install REGRESS = base36_test # our test script file (without extension) MODULES = base36 # our c module file to build # Postgres build stuff PG_CONFIG = pg_config PGXS : = $( shell $( PG_CONFIG ) --pgxs ) include $(PGXS)
Custom data type in Postgres
Let's rewrite the SQL script file to show our own data type:
base36–0.0.1.sql 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 -- complain if script is sourced in psql, rather than via CREATE EXTENSION \ echo Use "CREATE EXTENSION base36" to load this file . \ quit CREATE FUNCTION base36_in ( cstring ) RETURNS base36 AS '$libdir/base36' LANGUAGE C IMMUTABLE STRICT ; CREATE FUNCTION base36_out ( base36 ) RETURNS cstring AS '$libdir/base36' LANGUAGE C IMMUTABLE STRICT ; CREATE TYPE base36 ( INPUT = base36_in , OUTPUT = base36_out , LIKE = integer );
This is the minimum required to create a base type in Postgres: We need the two functions input and output that tell Postgres how to convert the input text to the internal representation ( base36_in ) and back from the internal representation to text ( base36_out ). We also need to tell Postgres to treat our type like integer . This can also be achieved by specifying these additional parameters in the type definition as in the example below.
1 2 3 4 INTERNALLENGTH = 4 , -- use 4 bytes to store data ALIGNMENT = int4 , -- align to 4 bytes STORAGE = PLAIN , -- always store data inline uncompressed (not toasted) PASSEDBYVALUE -- pass data by value rather than by reference
Now let's do the C-Part:
base36.c 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 #include "postgres.h" #include "fmgr.h" #include "utils/builtins.h" PG_MODULE_MAGIC ; PG_FUNCTION_INFO_V1 ( base36_in ); Datum base36_in ( PG_FUNCTION_ARGS ) { long result ; char * str = PG_GETARG_CSTRING ( 0 ); result = strtol ( str , NULL , 36 ); PG_RETURN_INT32 (( int32 ) result ); } PG_FUNCTION_INFO_V1 ( base36_out ); Datum base36_out ( PG_FUNCTION_ARGS ) { int32 arg = PG_GETARG_INT32 ( 0 ); if ( arg < 0 ) ereport ( ERROR , ( errcode ( ERRCODE_NUMERIC_VALUE_OUT_OF_RANGE ), errmsg ( "negative values are not allowed" ), errdetail ( "value %d is negative" , arg ), errhint ( "make it positive" ) ) ); char base36 [ 36 ] = "0123456789abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz" ; /* max 6 char + '\0' */ char * buffer = palloc ( 7 * sizeof ( char )); unsigned int offset = 7 * sizeof ( char ); buffer [ -- offset ] = '\0' ; do { buffer [ -- offset ] = base36 [ arg % 36 ]; } while ( arg /= 36 ); PG_RETURN_CSTRING ( & buffer [ offset ]); }
We basically just reused our base36_encode function to be our OUTPUT and added an INPUT decoding function - easy.
Now we can store and retrieve base36 numbers in our database. Let's build and test it.
1 make clean && make && make install
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 test=# CREATE TABLE base36_test ( val base36 ); CREATE TABLE test=# INSERT INTO base36_test VALUES ( '123' ), ( '3c' ), ( '5A' ), ( 'zZz' ); INSERT 0 4 test=# SELECT * FROM base36_test ; val ----- 123 3c 5a zzz (4 rows)
Works so far. Let's order the output.
1 2 3 4 5 test=# SELECT * FROM base36_test ORDER BY val ; ERROR: could not identify an ordering operator for type base36 LINE 1: SELECT * FROM base36_test ORDER BY val; ^ HINT: Use an explicit ordering operator or modify the query.
Hmmm… looks like we missed something.
Operators
Keep in mind that we're dealing with a completely bare data type. In order to do any sorting, we need to define what it means for an instance of the data type to be less than another instance, for it to be greater than another instance or for two instances to be equal.
This shouldn't be too strange – in fact, it resembles how you would include the Enumerable mixin in a Ruby class or implement the sort.Interface in a Golang type to introduce the ordering rules for your objects.
Let's add the comparison functions and operators to our SQL script.
base36–0.0.1.sql 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 -- type definition omitted CREATE FUNCTION base36_eq ( base36 , base36 ) RETURNS boolean LANGUAGE internal IMMUTABLE AS 'int4eq' ; CREATE FUNCTION base36_ne ( base36 , base36 ) RETURNS boolean LANGUAGE internal IMMUTABLE AS 'int4ne' ; CREATE FUNCTION base36_lt ( base36 , base36 ) RETURNS boolean LANGUAGE internal IMMUTABLE AS 'int4lt' ; CREATE FUNCTION base36_le ( base36 , base36 ) RETURNS boolean LANGUAGE internal IMMUTABLE AS 'int4le' ; CREATE FUNCTION base36_gt ( base36 , base36 ) RETURNS boolean LANGUAGE internal IMMUTABLE AS 'int4gt' ; CREATE FUNCTION base36_ge ( base36 , base36 ) RETURNS boolean LANGUAGE internal IMMUTABLE AS 'int4ge' ; CREATE FUNCTION base36_cmp ( base36 , base36 ) RETURNS integer LANGUAGE internal IMMUTABLE AS 'btint4cmp' ; CREATE FUNCTION hash_base36 ( base36 ) RETURNS integer LANGUAGE internal IMMUTABLE AS 'hashint4' ; CREATE OPERATOR = ( LEFTARG = base36 , RIGHTARG = base36 , PROCEDURE = base36_eq , COMMUTATOR = '=' , NEGATOR = '<>' , RESTRICT = eqsel , JOIN = eqjoinsel , HASHES , MERGES ); CREATE OPERATOR <> ( LEFTARG = base36 , RIGHTARG = base36 , PROCEDURE = base36_ne , COMMUTATOR = '<>' , NEGATOR = '=' , RESTRICT = neqsel , JOIN = neqjoinsel ); CREATE OPERATOR < ( LEFTARG = base36 , RIGHTARG = base36 , PROCEDURE = base36_lt , COMMUTATOR = > , NEGATOR = >= , RESTRICT = scalarltsel , JOIN = scalarltjoinsel ); CREATE OPERATOR <= ( LEFTARG = base36 , RIGHTARG = base36 , PROCEDURE = base36_le , COMMUTATOR = >= , NEGATOR = > , RESTRICT = scalarltsel , JOIN = scalarltjoinsel ); CREATE OPERATOR > ( LEFTARG = base36 , RIGHTARG = base36 , PROCEDURE = base36_gt , COMMUTATOR = < , NEGATOR = <= , RESTRICT = scalargtsel , JOIN = scalargtjoinsel ); CREATE OPERATOR >= ( LEFTARG = base36 , RIGHTARG = base36 , PROCEDURE = base36_ge , COMMUTATOR = <= , NEGATOR = < , RESTRICT = scalargtsel , JOIN = scalargtjoinsel ); CREATE OPERATOR CLASS btree_base36_ops DEFAULT FOR TYPE base36 USING btree AS OPERATOR 1 < , OPERATOR 2 <= , OPERATOR 3 = , OPERATOR 4 >= , OPERATOR 5 > , FUNCTION 1 base36_cmp ( base36 , base36 ); CREATE OPERATOR CLASS hash_base36_ops DEFAULT FOR TYPE base36 USING hash AS OPERATOR 1 = , FUNCTION 1 hash_base36 ( base36 );
Wow…that's a lot. To break it down: First, we defined a comparison function to power each comparison operator ( < , <= , = , >= and > ). We then put them together in an operator class that will enable us to create indexes on our new data type.
For the functions themselves we could simply reuse the corresponding, built-in functions for the integer type: int4eq , int4ne , int4lt , int4le , int4gt , int4ge , btint4cmp and hashint4 .
Now let's take a look at the operator definitions.
Each operator has a left argument ( LEFTARG ), a right argument ( RIGHTARG ), and a function ( PROCEDURE ).
So, if we write:
1 2 3 4 5 SELECT 'larg' :: base36 < 'rarg' :: base36 ; ?column? ---------- t (1 row)
Postgres will use the base36_lt function and do a base36_lt('larg','rarg') .
COMMUTATOR and NEGATOR
Each operator also has a COMMUTATOR and a NEGATOR (see Line 52-53). These are used by the query planer to do optimizations. A commutator is the operator that should be used to denote the same result, but with the arguments flipped. Thus, since (x < y) equals (y > x) for all possible values x and y , the operator > is the commutator of the operator < . For the same reason < is the commutator of > .
The negator is the operator that would negate the boolean result of an operator. That is, (x < y) equals NOT(x >= y) for all possible values x and y .
So why is that important? Suppose you've indexed the column val :
1 2 3 4 5 6 EXPLAIN SELECT * FROM base36_test where 'c1' :: base36 > val ; QUERY PLAN ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Index Only Scan using base36_test_val_idx on base36_test (cost=0.42..169.93 rows=5000 width=4) Index Cond: (val < 'c1'::base36) (2 rows)
As you can see, Postgres has to rewrite the query from 'c1'::base36 > val to val < 'c1'::base36 in order to be able to use the index.
The same is true for the negator.
1 2 3 4 5 6 base36_test=# explain SELECT * FROM base36_test where NOT val > 'c1' ; QUERY PLAN ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Index Only Scan using base36_test_val_idx on base36_test (cost=0.42..169.93 rows=5000 width=4) Index Cond: (val <= 'c1'::base36) (2 rows)
Here NOT val > 'c1'::base36 is rewritten to val <= 'c1'::base36 .
And finally you can see that it would rewrite NOT 'c1'::base36 < val to val <= 'c1'::base36 .
1 2 3 4 5 6 base36_test=# explain SELECT * FROM base36_test where NOT 'c1' < val ; QUERY PLAN ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Index Only Scan using base36_test_val_idx on base36_test (cost=0.42..169.93 rows=5000 width=4) Index Cond: (val <= 'c1'::base36) (2 rows)
So while COMMUTATOR and NEGATOR clauses are not strictly required in a custom Postgres type definition, without them the above rewrites won't be possible. Therefore, the respective queries won't use the index and in most situations lose performance.
RESTRICT and JOIN
Luckily, we don't need to write our own RESTRICT function (see Line 54-55) and can use simply use this:
1 2 3 4 eqsel for = neqsel for <> scalarltsel for < or <= scalargtsel for > or >=
These are restriction selectivity estimation functions which give Postgres a hint on how many rows will satisfy a WHERE-clause given a constant as the right argument. If the constant is the left argument, we can flip it to the right using the commutator.
You may already know that Postgres collects some statistics of each table when you or the autovacuum daemon run an Analysis . You can also take a look at these statistics on the pg_stats view.
1 SELECT * FROM pg_stats WHERE tablename = 'base36_test' ;
All the estimation function does is to give a value between 0 and 1, indicating the estimated fraction of rows based on these statistics. This is quite important to know as typically the = operator satisfies fewer rows than the <> operator. Since you are relatively free in naming and defining your operators, you need to tell how they work.
If you really want to know what the estimation functions look like, take a look at the source code in src/backend/utils/adt/selfuncs.c. Disclaimer: your eyes might start bleeding.
So, it's pretty great that we don't need to write our own JOIN selectivity estimation function. This one is for queries where an operator is used to join tables in the form table1.column1 OP table2.column2 , but it has essentially the same idea: it estimates how many rows will be returned by the operation to finally decide which of the possible plans (i.e. which join order) to use.
So if you have something like:
1 2 3 SELECT * FROM table1 JOIN table2 ON table1 . c1 = table2 . c1 JOIN table3 ON table2 . c1 = table2 . c1
Here table3 has only a few rows, while table1 and table2 are really big. So it makes sense to first join table3, amass a few rows and then join the other tables.
HASHES and MERGES
For the equality operator, we also define the parameters HASHES and MERGES (Line 35). When we do this, we're telling Postgres that it's suitable to use this function for hash to respectively merge join operations. To make the hash join actually work, we also need to define a hash function and put both together in an operator class. You can read further in the PostgreSQL Documentation about the different Operator Optimization clauses.
More to come…
So far you've seen how to implement a basic data type using INPUT and OUTPUT functions. On top of this we added comparison operators by reusing Postgres internals. This allows us to order tables and use indexes.
However, if you followed the implementation on your computer step-by-step, you might find that the above mentioned EXPLAIN command doesn't really work.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 # EXPLAIN SELECT * FROM base36_test where 'c1' :: base36 > val ; server closed the connection unexpectedly This probably means the server terminated abnormally before or while processing the request. The connection to the server was lost. Attempting reset: Failed. Time: 275,327 ms !>
That's because right we just did the worst possible thing: in some situations, our code makes the whole server crash.
In the next post we'll see how we can debug our code using LLDB, and how to avoid these errors with the proper testing.
Building a Random Number Generating Geiger Counter
After a customer suggested that we carry Geiger-Muller tubes for detecting ionizing radiation, I looked into the possibility of building a Geiger counter. Little did I know, this project would turn into so much more.
A Geiger tube is far from your basic digital sensor. Most Geiger tubes need 100s of volts to create enough of a potential to detect an ionizing event within the Geiger tube. Once a gamma ray, alpha, or beta particle hits one of the atoms of gas inside the tube, an electron is knocked off and the atom has been ionized. Since the gas is under a large potential (100s of volts), the electron cascades rather quickly through the rest of the atoms in the gas. Once this happens, an avalanche of electrons is created and a pulse of current is formed on the output of the Geiger tube along with each event. Designing the high voltage power source and a simple digital output would be fun in itself, but I thought that a random number generator would make more use out of the random events the Geiger counter would detect.
What is the point of making a random number?
Computer encrytption is based on random number generation. Simulating complex behaviors requires a uniform distribution of numbers. For instance, chaotic systems like a flag waving in the wind or instabilities in fluids use random numbers to help better measure dynamical properties.
Monte Carlo simulations use random numbers to approximate physical constants like Pi (which we will get to) or the acceleration of the universe. And even music and art have components of randomness that give each piece it's own uniqueness. This project is broken up into three sections: a high voltage power supply, digital output, and random number generator. The sections will incorporate high voltage analog electronics, digital electronics, statistics, and a radioactive test source.
High Voltage Power Supply
There are many ways to turn a low voltage into a very high voltage. An oscillator attached to a simple voltage multiplier would do the trick, as this is a common approach. A quick search on the web...Wow! There are many really good resources online as to how to build high voltage sources for Geiger Tubes. Techlib has a great site and provided some great example circuit diagrams.
Safety Note: Before jumping head first into high voltage power supplies, check out this safety information.
The Geiger tube I am using is an end window alpha-beta-gamma detector from LND Inc. (COM-08875) and recommends 500V across the anode and cathode.
Here are the two main parts of the high voltage supply; the oscillator and the voltage multiplier. Here is my schematic:
And here is what it looks like assembled on my breadboard.
(Hmm, now which wires should I not touch?!) It is really cool that with just a handful of components, you can generate such a high voltage. Imagine if I just made some small changes and threw a few more caps and diodes onto the voltage multiplier, I could make myself a Tesla Coil! Kinda creepy.
After assembling the components together I double-checked all of my connections and probed for shorts (this breadboard has survived me since junior year in college and I could swear some of the conductive lines are damaged.) Everything looks good.
We are dealing with a high voltage, but a rather small current (micro amps), which is one reason why the power loaded on the caps really isn't much to worry about. Remember, static electricity contains 1000s of volts, but a tiny amount of current!
When measuring this low of an output current, a regular multimeter might load the output enough to really drop the voltage, therefore I added a series 10MOhm resistor in line with my multimeter. Assuming my multimeter has a DC resistance of 10MOhm, I basically just constructed a voltage divider. Whatever I see on the multimeter, I can assume that I am reading close to double the unloaded voltage output of the supply. Here is what I got:
Pretty close to half of 500V! I can assume my supply is outputting around 500V give or take 50 or so volts, which is within spec of the Geiger tube.
Another Safety Note: After building the completed Geiger counter, I was getting zapped when I would turn the device off. The zap wasn't much really, I would rate it a little more powerful than a good static shock, although it was considerable enough that I felt a short surge of heat. What was happening was that the big 0.01uF caps were holding charge and floating waiting to stop my heart. To prevent this, when I switched off the Geiger counter, I connected the high voltage line to a 100kOhm bleed resistor to ground. This allowed the remaining current to dissipate through the resistor instead of me.
Now it is time for me to test the Geiger tube. I used the manufacturers suggested schematic, which was simply a series 1MOhm and 10 Mohm resistor divided by a 50pF cap for the output. I attached the output to the o-scope and saw these noisy blips every few seconds.
Looks kind of odd, but the infrequent behavior of these blips and the amount (about 20 counts per minute) seemed reasonable for background radiation levels.
Background radiation is due to radioactive sources that are all around us, close and far. It is found inside our bodies, in lima beans and beer (mmm radiation), in wood, in anything that is a living organism, in the earth's crust, in our atmosphere, all over outer space, and of course from human technology.
Here are some fun facts: 1 gram of lima beans have about 4.6 pCi of Potassium-40, which comes out to about 1 decay (1 particle) every 5-6 seconds of a beta particle. Beta particles are actually used to treat certain types of cancer and can, coincidentally create cancer or mutations in healthy tissue, but there is really no reason to be afraid of a bowl of lima beans. One main reason: probability. First, there is a chance the particle could interact with something before it hits you (not so much the case with gamma rays). The intensity decreases as one over the distance squared (1/r2) and the chances of one particle being emitted directly at you is very low; it could be emitted in the opposite direction of you. If the beta particle happens to hit you, there is even less of a chance that the particle will happen to hit the part of your DNA that will harm you. One of the reasons radioactive sources like x-rays could give you cancer is that there are so many particles hitting you, there is a greater chance of one striking your DNA. And finally our body already contains about 100,000pCi of Potassium-40!
To be sure I was actually seeing background radiation in the form of gamma, alpha, or beta particles. I would need to have a piece radioactive material. The most common alpha emitter is Americium, found in common ionizing smoke detectors. I decided to get one and crack it open to get the Americium pellet, since it was the fastest and cheapest way to get my hands on radioactive material. However, we have heard that this might be a bad idea and could infringe on some federal regulations, so we don't suggest doing this, there are other radioactive sources that can be purchased. In addition, if the dust or particles from Americium were ingested from handling you would have extra radiation implanted in your body. Not good. Anyway, here is what it looks like:
When I held this little thing in front of the Geiger Counter I saw this on the o-scope:
Then I noticed my hand glowing and feelings of nausea. Not really. Just making sure you were paying attention.
That readout convinced me the Geiger Counter was actually working to some extent! The next step was to turn the signals into a usable digital waveform.
Digital Output
In order to resolve the small pulses of current from the Geiger tube, the first thing I tried was a simple resistor-transistor logic circuit.
If there is a small current entering the base of the transistor, the collector will be amplified, thus forward biasing the emitter base junction. Connecting the collector in series with a resistor and 5V power source and the emitter to ground, the output line will be at 5V until a pulse from the Geiger tube is present on the base of the transistor, then the line will be pulled to a noisy low state.
To clean the output in its low state, I basically formed a low pass filter with a capacitor in parallel to the collector resistor. After trying a couple of capacitor values, I got a nice quick charge curve on the rising edge of the pulse. This is what I saw. Much better!
Looks pretty good. Next step was to hook up an LED to the output as shown in the above schematic, (sorry no classic buzzer, buzzers annoy me and people around me). Sure enough, the LED stays off until a pulse comes along and pulls the LED to GND, thus lighting the LED.
Next, I hooked the output up to an IO pin on my ATMega168. The edges were clean enough to register an event on the input pin.
My next move was to design a compact unit that will take the pulses and output a random number over USB. Below is a picture of my prototype, here is the one we currently sell.
Random Number Generator
Now that I have random bits that can be seen by my micro, I can now create an algorithm that will give me a random number.
According to Jon von Neumann, “Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin.” Since I am already starting out with a truly random source, I want to make very basic assumptions about how to create random numbers.
Let me comment on the difference between truly random sources and pseudorandom sources. Computer programs will generate pseudo random numbers using mathematical formulae (unless the random number generation is based on quantum mechanical effects, like shot noise). They are, therefore very fast at doing so, but unfortunately more deterministic than a truly random source. A true random event is something like a coin flip, a lightening strike, noise in our atmosphere, or background radiation. True random number generation does generally have a downside. It can take a long time to get many random numbers, since events can be sparse.
A truely random event alone doesn't have any random information. What is random is the time between events. All I need to do is measure the time between event 1 and event 2, then measure the time between event 2 and event 3 and so on. If the time between events 1 and 2 is less than 2 and 3, output a 0. If the time between events 1 and 2 is greater than 2 and 3, output a 1.
T1 < T2 output 0
T2 > T3 output 1
I now have a random bit generator. The first event I disregard, since I don't want to start comparing times until at least two events happen. Then, after an arbitrary amount of events, I can look at the bits accumulated. With 8 bits, which takes less than 30 seconds to obtain, there are 256 possible numbers that could occur. If I let the bits accumulate over time, I can create huge random values.
How random are the numbers? There is a really nice pseudorandom number test program called ENT you can download. With this tester, I can measure the entropy in my bit stream, Chi squared distribution, Monte Carlo simulated value for pi, and the arithmetic mean (50/50 distribution).
Here is my C code for an ATMega168, it's not perfect and results in a slightly non-random output.
I probably could of used the hardware timer on the ATMega to improve the randomness, but there is another element that takes some of the randomness out of detecting truly random background radiation; the Geiger tube. The tube has a specification called the minimum dead time. When an event occurs in the Geiger tube, it takes a certain amount of time (~90 microseconds with this tube) for the particle to create the current pulse and for the gas to quench itself after the ionizing event. During this time, another event cannot be detected. Although, we might miss very few events compared to how many collected, this inherent artifact in the tube does have an affect on the randomness.
Send us your results, let us know if you create any code that improves the randomness.
Cheers!
-Aaron
aaron@sparkfun.com
Perhaps the most impressive thing about Almost Human's sequel to its 2012 indie RPG hit is how confidently it strikes a balance between freedom and constraint. The most immediately obvious change is the switch from the gloomy interior of a mountain prison to a sun-kissed, but no less sinister island.
For anyone who played the original, the aesthetic difference is impossible to miss. As you begin your adventure, locked in a cage on a beach, the presence of a blue sky above you and the distant horizons have an invigorating effect. This is a place that invites exploration. Yet Almost Human has wisely resisted the lure of the sandbox. You're still restricted to the same old school grid pattern as before, the world built around the same reliable graph paper boxes that drove stylistic predecessors such as Eye of the Beholder. Often the game conspires to force you down narrow corridors, formed by trees or rocks as well as actual stone walls, but it also opens out when needed, into spacious clearings. It's an environment at once expansive and focussed.
A similar canny balancing act plays out in Grimrock 2 at every level, resulting in a sequel that improves its template across the board without falling foul of the easy design trap of cramming in new features. In 2012, Almost Human intimately understood the style of game it wanted to resurrect and it hasn't allowed success to bloat that vision.
Scenes like this are pretty stunning when you're used to the cramped gloom of the previous game.
So, once again, you find yourself controlling a quartet of characters - either handcrafted by the player or assigned at random. They move together, one square at a time, with melee fighters up front and the spell casting wizard and range-attacking, potion-crafting alchemist taking the rear.
Control is simple and intuitive. Click on objects in the world to pick them up. Drop them into the open hand slots of the character windows, or place them in their inventories. Right-clicking uses items and weapons. It's the same system you use to interact with files and programs on your PC, so virtually anything you want to do in the game is done how you'd expect. Rare is the situation where you need to turn to the instructions for help navigating the game's systems.
You will, however, need help navigating the island itself, which is both larger and more complex than the Grimrock dungeons of old. Partly this is an idea sold through the greater visual variety made possible by the outdoors locations, as you trek from beach to forest to swamps and beyond, but it's true at a structural level as well. The first game was great, though it was contained and largely linear. Now, Grimrock spreads in multiple directions at once, and reckless players who charge ahead, filling in as much of the automap as they can, will easily find themselves overwhelmed.
Far better to take things slowly, progress methodically, and take advantage of the map's note-taking functions to remind yourself of what each locked door and blocked passage might require to pass. You'll encounter the expected menagerie of creatures as you go, and dust off those side-stepping, back-shuffling combat muscles in the process, but battling in Grimrock - as in any great role-player - is ultimately just a means to an end.
This is the cage where you start your adventure. If you can't figure out how to escape, this probably isn't the game for you.
The XP earned for each victory is essential, of course, in developing the skill trees of your characters and opening up more possibilities, but the nutty, chewy heart of the game is spatial rather than martial in nature. It's about getting to places - getting past that gate, getting through that trap, getting your head around those puzzles.
Ah, the puzzles. They're what really make this series stand out, and they're also where the subtle yet powerful evolution of Grimrock 2 is most evident. These are genuine head scratchers, of the sort that would once have added muscle to hardcore point and click adventure games. Some are mechanical in nature, requiring you to work out the function of some stone and steel contraption. Others are entirely cerebral, tasking you with cracking codes rather than skulls. Sometimes the solution requires nothing but ruthless logic, sometimes lateral thinking and unlikely inspiration is what clears the path ahead. Only occasionally does the answer feel like a cheat; for the most part these are perfect examples of how to challenge the player's brain, with solutions that seem impenetrable for so long, before becoming entirely obvious in the glare of a victorious lightbulb moment.
Pacing is also improved from the previous game, with a steadier escalation of both monster encounters and puzzle difficulty. There are still dead ends aplenty, but few that will leave you with nowhere else to go. That doesn't mean the game is easier, or that casual players will be led by the hand to the end, but that there's a much more nuanced interplay between frustration and progress. You need the former to make the latter work, but even if you find yourself stymied by one door, you'll find pockets of elation from other, smaller discoveries and victories as you root around. More than once, backtracking for inspiration, I found chests, items and levers in areas that I swore I'd picked clean.
You can even explore underwater, but between drowning and angry turtles it's a pretty good way to get killed.
It's the sort of game that demands complete submission - you either surrender and sink into its depths, or you'll glance off its somewhat cold and stony exterior and be left wondering what the fuss is about. Making that transition easier is a greater emphasis on presentation, with graphics that take full advantage of being freed from gloomy stone passageways and shambling monsters. Those still crop up, in several jaunts into underground caves and ruins, but now they're a chilling change of pace rather than a claustrophobic marathon. There are scenes here that are epic in comparison to what came before and, even through the rigid grid-based movement, Almost Human reveals them to the player in ways that will widen your eyes and lift your pulse. The allure of finding somewhere new never loses its shine.
We're so conditioned to expect sequels to cram in more features in an attempt to be noticeably different, but there's a quiet confidence to Grimrock 2 that is utterly beguiling. Bigger, bolder and utterly sure of itself and its intended audience, Almost Human may be looking to the past for inspiration, but it's created one of the best pure role-playing games of the year.
OSHKOSH, Wisconsin - It's one thing to play a flight simulator on your iPhone, but it's another to use your iPhone as a heads-up display inside a cockpit. But Levil Technology is doing just that by offering a portable, wireless attitude and heading reference (AHRS) device that connects to an iPhone to accurately display pitch, roll, yaw, and heading information for an airplane.
The tiny AHRS-G Mini fits in the palm of your hand and packs gyros with a zero drift rate. Once attached to a level surface inside the cockpit, it sends the attitude data to an iPhone, iPod, Android or Windows Phone 7 device, providing a range of data for pilots.
The AHRS does not need to be re-calibrated during flight, according to Levil. It may not be a transparent heads-up display like those found in airliners, but having the information near your line-of-sight with a window mount isn't bad for the price – less than $1,000.
Many companies in the aviation industry have welcomed mobile devices into the cockpit, and airlines have embraced iPads to replace maps, manuals and flight planning, while some small airplane makers have mounted iPads directly into the panel of an airplane. The gyros built into these mobile devices provide similar information as the AHRS-G mini, but the accuracy is far from adequate for aviation use.
Even with the dedicated AHRS unit, the Levil system is not certified and cannot be used as a primary flight display in an airplane. Though it does serve as a great backup, or even a main display, assuming you still have the certified instruments required by the Federal Aviation Administration.
The $795 device works with a range of different apps that display aircraft attitude and heading information, including some with synthetic vision allowing pilots to see terrain at night or through the clouds. Levil also offers a $995 version that can be connected to an airplane's air speed indicator and altimeter to display accurate air speed and altitude information based on the atmospheric pressure sensors (pitot/static) outside the airplane.
Photo: Jason Paur/Wired
Italian Botanist is an open access, peer-reviewed journal of the Italian Botanical Society (www.societabotanicaitaliana.it). It was founded in 1969 as Informatore Botanico Italiano to mainly publish proceedings of the Society, alongside book reviews. As submissions and publication types increased throughout the years, in 2015 the Italian Botanical Society moved the journal to Pensoft, with the new name Italian Botanist, in order to publish and disseminate its contents more efficiently. The journal publishes original research covering all fields of Botany in its wider sense, including Mycology, ranging from molecular to ecosystem studies. The geographical coverage of the journal is focused on Italian territories, but studies from other areas are also welcome. The journal is published on behalf of the​ Società Botanica Italiana onlus (Via Giorgio La Pira 4, I-50121, Firenze, Italy).
UFC president Dana White has said that on a global level, the UFC is "already bigger than the NFL," and "neck and neck with soccer." We all know that White is fond of promoting the organization that he's the face of, so, for the most part those claims are taken with a grain of salt. However, there may be some fact to those bold claims.
According to sports marketing research firm Repucom, if White wants to make a comparison about the popularity of mixed martial arts and the UFC, he would be better served to compare the numbers to Major League Baseball. Repucom's research puts the number of MMA fans worldwide at 300 million, more than that of MLB's worldwide fan base.
Repucom, doesn't just look at sports leagues as a whole, it also digs into individual athletes and celebrities and tracks them under a number of different categories. As far as the popularity of the athletes in the UFC, Repucom's research revealed some surprising stats.
One of the categories Repucom uses is something called Celebrity DBI. According to the company, Celebrity DBI is "an independent index that quantifies and qualifies consumer perceptions of celebrities."
The perception of MMA fans is that former middleweight champion Anderson Silva is one of the UFC's biggest international stars. The Celebrity DBI numbers back up that assertion. Silva's rank makes him the ninth biggest trendsetter in Brazil. Silva is also the tenth most influential celebrity in his home country and the 16th strongest endorser. 97 percent of the Brazilian market knows Anderson Silva.
Impressive? Sure, but numbers don't really tell the entire picture when it comes to Silva's popularity in Brazil. When considering only athletes, Silva ranks sixth on the celebrity DBI. The only athletes ranked higher than Silva are soccer stars Ronaldo Luís Nazário de Lima, Lionel Messi, Marta Vieira da Silva, Pele and David Beckham. Some of the athletes that Silva ranks higher than are Kaka, Cristiano Ronaldo and Michael Jordan.
Another fighter that comes immediately to mind when talking UFC fighters with international appeal is long-time welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre. St-Pierre's numbers in the United States put him ahead of MLB players Bryce Harper and Albert Pujols in the Influence category and in the top 17 percent for Endorsement.
That Endorsement number places St-Pierre ahead of MLB player Justin Upton who recently scored a deal with 5 gum.
UFC women's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey owns some of the more surprising numbers. Rousey ranks high in the Breakthrough category, scoring a 72.23. That category measures "the extent to which consumers pay attention to a celebrity when they see him/her in the media."
Rousey's numerical rank makes her 33rd out of 3,127 celebrities in the U.S. That number puts Rousey in the top 3 percent in the Breakthrough category, trouncing tennis star Serena Williams, who ranks 1,914.
As for UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones, he's in the top 32 percent in the Repucom database for likeability.
Looking outside the UFC, Repucom finds that Fedor Emelianenko, despite retiring from fighting in 2012, remains a very popular figure. In Russia, 80 percent of the public knows of Emelianenko. Emelianenko, the former Pride champion, is the number nine-ranked athlete in the Russian database, putting him ahead of Messi, and NHL superstar Alexander Ovechkin.
It's doubtful that we'll hear White change his tune about the UFC being bigger than the NFL and closing in on soccer, because let's face it, MLB comparisons aren't as sexy as NFL and soccer. Big picture, that MLB comparison is impressive when you consider the UFC will be celebrating its 20th anniversary this year while professional baseball began in the late 1800's.
More from Bloody Elbow:
Remember when we said that you know where to find the GTX 780 Ti Benchmarks when they leaked? well here's us keeping our word. Ladies and gentlemen, you saw it here first, the much anticipated GTX 780 Ti Benchmarks in all their glory.
Overclocked GTX 780 Ti Benchmarks Here
Nvidia GTX 780 Ti Benchmarks Leak – Shows Green's Flagship Leading* with Quite a Margin
Update: These Benches were performed on Unofficial Drivers. Expect performance to increase with official drivers.
The source of the leaks is the highly reliable Chinese forums Chiphell. Without any further ado the Benchmarks of the the GTX 780 Ti vs the R9 290x and the high-end spectrum of cards.
The first benchmark shows the GTX 780 Ti coming second in place to the Dual GPU card GTX 690. However the 780 Ti's standing is above the R9 290X and the GTX Titan.
The Second benchmark is the Unigine Valley Benchmark tested at various resolutions including 4k. Dual GPU 690 is ahead of the 780 Ti. Interestingly even though the GTX 780 Ti has 1 GB Less memory than the R9 290X it still leads the 4k chart with quite a margin. This particular benchmark is of Alien Vs Predator 3 and the GTX 780 Ti is leading once again (ignoring 690). However this time the R9 290X leads in the 4K department. Once again we see the GTX 780 Ti dominating the charts in all resolutions except 4k where its limited 3GB memory is coming into effect, putting it equivalent to the R9 290X. In Bioshock infinite the GTX 690 and GTX 780 Ti as usual dominate the chart and in 4K resolution the R9 290X performs slightly less than the GTX 780 Ti.
So basically as expected the GTX 780 Ti dominates* its way to the top of the single GPU leader boards, did you notice the star? good. Sadly we saw an almost crippling effect of its low memory pool, its quite clear that at 4K resolution, where Nvidia's New Titan took a slight beating, 3GB of memory just wont cut it. It is for this reason alone that we suggest that if you are indeed investing in a GTX 780 Ti, wait for the 6GB or the alleged 12GB version. Infact we would suggest you to ignore the 4k results altogather since the bottleneck is too great.
It also makes us wonder what Nvidia is thinking with a 3GB 780 Ti. Simply put you don't need a 780 Ti for resolutions less than 4K and 3GB wont cut it at 4K, so where does that leave the first variant of the 780 Ti? We were also expecting a benchmark of Crysis 3, because if any game can bring these behemoths down to their knees its that one.
GTX 780 Ti Benchmarks Leaked. Do i need to say more? 🙂 http://t.co/CP57ZZgFWI — Usman Pirzada (@usmanpirzada) November 2, 2013
Breakfast. They say it's the most important meal of the day, which I guess is true – since, if you have a terrible breakfast, your whole day is basically ruined before noon. So where do you go for the best breakfast in the city of Palm Springs?
Listed in no particular order – and be sure to check out our picks for the best places to grab breakfast (and Bloody Marys!) throughout the Coachella Valley.
Sherman's Deli and Bakery
In addition to their huge menu of sandwiches, Sherman's also offers up a tasty breakfast menu complete with omelettes, lox and cream cheese, and even salami and eggs. Guy Fieri loves this place and you will probably agree, it's surely one of the best breakfast in Palm Springs spots.
Sherman's Deli and Bakery, 401 East Tahquitz Canyon Way, Palm Springs, (760) 325-1199
Related: Check out our picks for the top Happy Hours in Palm Springs, Palm Desert, Cathedral City, Rancho Mirage, and La Quinta.
Wilma and Frieda's Cafe
Well, well, well…another Guy Fieiri fave. El Paseo is sleepy as hell before 10am, well except for the crowds at this Palm Desert favorite. House specialties include meatloaf and eggs, a short rib scramble with mozzarella, and a 6 oz. steak and eggs.
Wilma and Frieda's, 155 S Palm Canyon Drive, Suite A21-A27, Palm Springs, (760) 992-5080
Wexler's
Wexler's opened its Palm Springs location in the fall of 2018 at Arrive hotel. The spot is known for its classic Jewish deli food offerings, including house-smoked and hand-sliced meats and fish. Wexler's was named one of the best Jewish delis in America by Business Insider in 2016, with the website saying the restaurant, “keeps things simple but artisanal.”
Wexler's @ Arrive in Palm Springs, 1551 N Palm Canyon Drive, Palm Springs, (760) 507-1650
Farm
The place is a little hard to find as it is tucked away in the back of a Palm Springs shopping center, but once you find it, you will be glad you did. They serve up mouth watering omelettes, crepes, and an outstanding plate of chicken and waffles – to name just a few of the tasty items on the menu.
Farm, 6 La Plaza, Palm Springs, (760) 322-2724
Pinocchio in the Desert
Known almost as much for their breakfast drinks (hello, bottomless champagne) as their food, this downtown spot is a hit with both locals and visitors. Waffles, a half-dozen different types of Benedicts, pancakes, omelettes, and more make this spot one of the tops choices for the best breakfast in Palm Springs
Pinocchio in the Desert, 134 East Tahquitz Canyon Way, (760) 322-3776
Cheeky's
Yes. There is always a wait for this uptown Palm Springs favorite. But that's because it is really good and they have bacon flights!
Cheeky's, 622 N Palm Canyon Drive, Palm Springs, (760) 327-7595
Related: Sure, the best breakfast in Palm Springs is a great way to start the day. But, be sure you also check out our picks for best pizza, burgers, and hot dogs in the Coachella Valley.
L'Atelier Cafe
Located in downtown Palm Springs, l'Atelier Café offers gourmet, French-style Parisian and French-style country items including French Brioches, French Toasts, French Croissants, Quiches, Crèpes, and much more. Everything is homemade with fresh and local products.
L'Atelier Cafe, 129 La Plaza, Palm Springs, (760) 778-7895
Loco Charlie's
Feast on Mexican breakfast favorites like Machaca and Eggs, Chilaquiles Con Huevos, burritos, omelettes and more while you wash it all down with a delicious Michelada. Loco Charlie's has a salsa bar and everything is made fresh daily.
Loco Charlie's, 1751 N Sunrise Way, Ste F5, Palm Springs, (760) 832-6474
Broken Yolk Cafe
Their menu is loaded with Benedicts, omelettes (over a dozen to choose from), pancakes, crepes, and even a South of the Border menu with Huevos Ranchero, Machaca, and Chilaquiles. Also, their biscuits are huuuge!
Broken Yolk Cafe, 262 South Palm Canyon Dr, Palm Springs, (760) 318-9655
Grand Central
The downtown Palm Springs eatery serves seasonally fresh items with some fun twists including Prosciutto Benedict, Palm Sugar Waffles, and Orange Ricotta Pancakes. The place also has a full bar, so you have that going for you, which is nice.
Grand Central, 160 La Plaza, Palm Springs, (760) 699-7185
Manhattan in the Desert
Bagels and lox, waffles, omelettes, hot cakes and more are dished out daily at this bakery and deli. And, if you are just not in the mood for breakfast, they have a huge sandwich menu.
Manhattan in the Desert, 2665 East Palm Canyon Drive, Palm Springs,(760) 322-3354
A bit of Country
A favorite spot of Coachella Valley locals due to their good food and friendly staff. A bit of Country offers up plenty of breakfast options including omelettes, hot cakes, biscuits and gravy, and more.
A bit of Country, 418 South Indian Canyon Dr, Palm Springs, (760) 325-5154
4 Paws Coffee Company
You can grab a coffee, breakfast bagel, oatmeal, and more at 4 Paws – who are members and proud supporters of the ASPCA and donate a portion of each sale to the cause.
4 Paws Coffee Company, 2500 N Palm Canyon Drive, Ste A-5, (760) 832-8021
Enjoy having the best breakfast in Palm Springs!
Last updated: 12/28/18
Danny Simpson, 29, pictured today at King Power Stadium ahead of the Barclays Premier League match between Leicester City and Liverpool, is working as a Bingo caller as part of his community service for throttling his ex-girlfriend
Premier league footballer Danny Simpson is working as a Bingo caller as part of his community service for throttling his ex-girlfriend.
The 29-year-old Leicester City defender was last year convicted of strangling the mother of his child, Stephanie Ward, on the living room floor at her home in Worsley, Greater Manchester.
Now the soccer ace is calling out the numbers two nights a week for a group of adults with learning difficulties at the Probation Service HQ in Salford, Greater Manchester.
A source told The Sun: 'Simpson is a typical cocky Premier League footballer so it's nice to see him humbled by calling out the bingo numbers.
'He also has to get cups of tea for those who are invited and help them with other activities like colouring in.
'He's working with adults with learning disabilities so hopefully he is finally learning what a privileged position he is in.'
Simpson, who once dated pop star Tulisa Contostavlos, 27, was sentenced to 300 hours of unpaid work after being convicted in June 2014.
The court heard Ms Ward made a frantic eight-minute-long 999 call in which she can be heard begging him to 'get off' during a drunken row at family gathering at Christmas.
When officers arrived they found Simpson straddled over Ms Ward and he was arrested while his former girlfriend was left 'crying hysterically and cowering' in the corner of the room.
He originally denied the charge of assault but was found guilty by magistrates at a later hearing.
As well as the community service, Simpson, was ordered to pay £990 prosecution costs and a £60 victim surcharge.
At the time of the sentence, female safety campaign group Women's Aid has condemned the judge's decision, saying the sentence did not reflect the crime.
Simpson, pictured here with Ms Ward, is calling out the numbers two nights a week for a group of adults with learning difficulties at the Probation Service HQ in Salford, Greater Manchester
It's been a while since we had a Trap song on Monstercat, and while some may have enjoyed the absence, I have eagerly awaited another song. Nights in Bangalore Pt. 2 is my favorite Trap song to date, and one of my favorite songs released on Monstercat. So, does What's Going On live up to it's predecessor? Short answer, yes. Long answer, the son features great vocals from Isabel Higuero, a vocalist I've never heard of myself but I want to hear more of. The vocals are a little bit short, however, and I would have liked a bit more of it. Intro and buildup are great, and do a good job in hyping the listener up. The drop, much like NIB pt. 2, is pretty far from the generic Trap, and is a welcome difference. I find myself a fan of aforementioned generic Trap, but such songs are not able to achieve the amount of depth that What's Going On does. Personally, I don't find it quite as good as NIB pt. 2, but it's very damn close, and a song I will not be forgetting anytime soon.
TL;DR A worthy addition to Monstercat's limited Trap library, which does a great job in captivating the listener and creating a very memorable experience.
Links:
Bandcamp
Beatport
SCORE: 9.5/10
Express News Service By
MYSURU: As part of Make in India initiative, Indian Space Research Oraganisation (ISRO) has decided to open a 100 acre Space Park in Bengaluru where private industries would be allowed to take up manufacturing of space system related components.
The Space Park spread in 100 acres of Whitefield area is expected to cater to increasing demand for components and other parts for satellites as India aims to launch more satellites for various observational services in future. India plans to launch 12 satellites in 2016 for remote sensing and navigation.
“The Space Park is coming up near Whitefield for the private industry. It is over 100 acres. It is likely to be inaugurated this month,” said ISRO satellite centre director M Annadurai at the Indian Science Congress.
Also in the pipeline is allowing private players to make satellites and providing them facility at Sriharikota for launch.
“The space industry has to invest and build modular capacity to enable the country to launch as many satellites to meet the growing demand of the user industry including the government private organizations and overseas users,” he said.
Annadurai said that the Space Park will also contribute to the government's ‘Make in India' initiative as the private industry and HAL (Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd) have been helping us in making rockets and satellites over the years.
Annadurai also talked about progress so far in the second lunar mission Chandrayaan 2 and solar mission Aditya.
“India will be the first country to have a high altitude polar landing of Chandrayaan 2 and it will have three components – orbiter, Lander and rover – to study the lunar surface. The mission is scheduled to be launched 2017-18,” he said.
Chandrayaan 2 has a capability to soft land at a specified lunar site and carry in-situ chemical analysis of the lunar surface and will have Orbiter Craft and Lander craft.
The Institute for Strategic Dialogue in London has published a report asserting that over 100 Americans are fighting alongside anti-ISIS militias in Iraq and Syria, making up over a third of the foreign recruits for those militia groups.
“The report found that Americans are more prevalent in the groups than those from any other Western nation, with the U.K. following. Most of the volunteers are serving in Kurdish militias in Iraq or Syria,” ABC News reports.
The report found anti-ISIS recruits skew a bit older than the Islamic State's average recruits, and many of them have military experience. A variety of motivations for their journeys to Iraq and Syria were collected by the Institute, ranging from a determination to halt the Islamic State's atrocities, to religious solidarity with Christian minorities in the war zone, thrill-seekers, and military veterans who “may have had trouble adjusting to life in the civilian world after their service or felt more at home in a war zone.”
The report adds that some Western military veterans want to “consolidate the post-conflict reconstruction and stabilization that they contributed to in Iraq after 2003” — in other words, “finish the job” in Iraq and ensure the “death and suffering of civilians and fellow military personnel” was not in vain.
According to the report, the Kurds have been somewhat reluctant to put foreign recruits on the battle line, instead using military veterans as trainers and logistical support, while those without military experience tend to receive “low-level, menial tasks” away from combat.
After seeing the Institute for Strategic Dialogue report, NBC affiliate WWBT in Virginia found a local man, 27-year-old Kevin Hodge, who said he had traveled to Syria to fight alongside Kurdish militia. He said he contacted the Kurdish YPG through Facebook and arranged to have himself smuggled into Syria, where he received two weeks of training and was sent to the front lines.
Hodge said he was “inspired to make the trip after seeing coverage of ISIS on the news, specifically, how the terror group was driving people out of their homes.”
Most of the foreign recruits are male, but The Hill quotes one woman from the report:
This time last year I was a stay at home mom/wife. Even though I knew my marriage was up in flames I had still tried. I went through a very dark period in my life… After joining the Kurds and seeing the problems first-hand in other parts of the world my priorities were set straight again. Thousands don't agree with my choice and honestly I don't give a damn.
Canada's National Post notes the ISD criticized Western governments for failing to make it clear whether signing up with foreign anti-terrorist militias was legal.
“All governments should be explicit in their communications around anti-ISIS foreign fighters to ensure the legal position and possible sanctions are clearly set out. Law-enforcement measures and prosecutions then need to be applied consistently and proportionately,” the report urged.
The U.S. government “strongly discourages” American citizens from traveling to Iraq or Syria to fight ISIS, as The Hill observes. A warning issued by the State Department reads: “The U.S. government does not support this activity, and our ability to provide consular assistance to individuals who are injured or kidnapped, or to the families of individuals who die as a result of taking part in the conflict, is extremely limited.”
A disturbing tidbit from the ISD report cited by The Hill: While roughly a third of foreign recruits are fighting with the Kurdish YPG in Syria, and another 20 percent with the Kurdish peshmerga in Iraq, there are also a “handful” of foreigners fighting with unsavory groups like Hezbollah and Shiite militia units.
Rhonda Kallman, cofounder in 1984 of Boston Beer Co., is a craft-beer legend, and a pioneer in an industry that now seems to have unlimited potential. Her new venture, Boston Harbor Distillery, is now part of a movement trying to do for craft spirits what Samuel Adams did all those years ago for beer.
“Thirty years ago, when we started Sam Adams, people didn't realize how beer was made, what the ingredients were,” says Kallman. “And that's kind of what I'm seeing that's going on here. People are a little confused.” You can make whiskey from corn or from rye, but you can also make it from beer, as Boston Harbor Distillery is doing.
In Dorchester, just off the Expressway, the staff walks visitors through samples of whiskey and other spirits in a cavernous old ship-building space opened in June. Standing behind the bar, distillery cofounder Corey Bunnewith pours a small sample of whiskey and sticks his nose deep into the glass. It's the first of three whiskies brewed from limited-run Samuel Adams beers. This one is distilled from Thirteenth Hour, a dark, sour, Belgian-inspired, barrel-aged load of a brew. “I like to start with this one,” says Bunnewith, eschewing the light-to-dark convention of typical tastings because each of the three whiskies is a little unusual.
Advertisement
The whiskey retains much of the roasted character of the beer, but it's not a perfect comp. It has the most “traditional” whiskey flavor of the three, slightly smoky, but very smooth.
Get The Weekender in your inbox: The Globe's top picks for what to see and do each weekend, in Boston and beyond. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The second whiskey, distilled from Samuel Adams' New World Tripel, is the strangest. “It's sweet, savory, vegetal,” says Bunnewith. It's unlike any whiskey I've ever had, and not especially enjoyable.
The last is a treat. Distilled from merrymaker Gingerbread Stout, it's a holiday-spiced liquor without the cloying aftertaste of spiced latte. “It comes off with this beautiful sweetness, almost like a spiced rum,” says Bunnewith. “What I'm so excited about is we haven't adulterated the beer in any way. We didn't add anything. We didn't subtract anything.” The whiskies taste like different versions of the beers, not toned-down ones.
Whiskies cost $40 (three bottles in a gift set are $120). Being a new company without the ability to put out long-aged products, the distillery has to be creative. “We know we have to put out young whiskey,” says Bunnewith. “The most effective way to do that is to increase the mash character.” In other words, start the distilling process with something more flavorful.
Kallman says she's energized, but sees a key difference in what she's doing now compared to what she did with Samuel Adams. “I was a lot younger,” she says, laughing.
Boston Harbor Distillery, 12R Ericsson St., Dorchester, 617-533-7001, bostonharbordistillery.com
Advertisement
GARY DZEN
Image copyright Twitter/@elliesunakawa
Not everyone takes kindly to change and when Twitter unveiled a surprise update to its website and app, its users were quick to mock the new look.
As part of the redesign, profile icons are now round instead of square, the reply icon is reflected by a chat bubble, and likes and retweets are shown in real time in the app.
Some people poked fun at some of the changes, while others lamented the update's lack of an "edit tweet" button.
And several expressed the view that they preferred Twitter focusing on making the platform a "safer place to express yourself".
Image copyright Twitter/@acedollasss
A round Spongebob Squarepants made his Twitter debut with some images comparing "old and new" Twitter to a square and round Spongebob.
Another comparison showed round and square designed toilets.
Image copyright Twitter/@0ryuge
The round profile icon also appeared to be problematic for accounts that had set their photos to the previous square icon, including the Twitter account for the video game series Minecraft.
"Twitter's latest round update is clearly a war on Minecraft players everywhere," a Minecraft employee tweeted.
Image copyright Twitter/@Drops
One user pointed out that it had also taken US President Donald Trump's trademark hair from view.
Image copyright Twitter/@yusuabdul
It also affected the profile icons of some media organisations: "Brands hating Twitter's design team right now...".
But not to worry, BBC Breaking News has since updated its icon.
Image copyright Twitter/@MattNavara
You might also like:
A Twitter account for Lego Loki cut out his own new icon.
Image copyright Twitter/@Loki_Lego
One user suggested a new Twitter logo, featuring a much rounder blue bird.
Image copyright Twitter/@goremagala
But some criticised the change, saying they wanted Twitter to focus on removing online trolls and "Nazis" from the platform.
Misinformation and fake news has circulated on Twitter in the past, including following both the Manchester and London attacks.
Coming to Twitter's defence, one user said it was at least positive that they hadn't introduced Stories.
Image copyright Twitter/@BittuPosts
The Stories feature, a feed of videos and pictures in the top strip of apps, appears on Snapchat, Facebook-owned Instagram, Facebook Messenger, and WhatsApp.
It was also introduced to Facebook in April and the internet went all out in poking fun at the news, rolling out Stories for everything.
By the UGC and Social News team
I know I'm continually apologizing for how infrequently I update my blog. At least I would be if I updated my blog enough to justify the qualifier “continually.” I feel more explanation is required.
For those of you who I haven't told, here is my blogging process: I store all of my photos on an online photo site, so I go there and pick out all the photos related to a particular part of the project and slap them onto a WordPress page. Then I weed out some of the crappier or less-relevant ones. Then I stare at the screen for twenty minutes. Then I do something else, promising myself I'll return to WordPress that evening or tomorrow or at that weekend at the absolute latest.
Four months go by.
During those four months, I've probably created several other “drafts” (aka wordless photo collages) because while I'm totally super busy with really important stuff I'll at least take a few minutes to import some more photos just so I have a few pages in the can when I finally get serious and make time to write like ten blog posts at once while sipping Lagavulin 21-year and staring out the window of my imaginary lake cabin.
In my mind, that's who I am. I'm Ron Swanson and Henry David Thorough combined. With Wi-Fi.
Two more months go by. I think, Come on, man, this isn't that hard, it's kinda your thing, right? You're a writer. But I'm not. I hardly ever write anything, and when I do, I usually just paste pithy quotes to my Facebook wall. But you're really good at it—everyone says so. Just vomit it up and you can edit it later.
Yeah man, I know I'm good at it everyone says my writing is really funny and insightful but I think sometimes they're just humoring me like have you ever wondered if you're actually mentally handicapped and everyone is just humoring you like some even-more-twisted version of the Truman Show yes I know I've told that joke like ten times and I stole it in the first place but it's a legit fear, okay not legit but plausible right? And both my parents and my wife keep telling me I should write a book and that's sweet but how can I write a book if I can't post on a silly blog more than every six months not to mention there are so many more important things I should be writing about like how Christian wackos are killing random people over abortion and Muslim wackos are killing everyone over everything meanwhile everyone is praying to the invisible wizard in the sky who made/allowed all these things to happen to please not do it again and by the way I have the Packers plus seven-and-a-half over the Lions and my parlay busted last week can you help me out? And don't forget you promised your friend you'd read Infinite Jest so you could discuss it what were you thinking you poser Infinite Jest is written by a tortured genius and is like nine hundred pages and you wouldn't know Kierkegaard from Louis CK wow are you much more under-educated than you feared I mean you went to public school but Bettendorf was supposed to be a really good one however I did learn AP European history from the assistant football coach oh god and don't forget that for a “reader” and a “writer” you have the vocabulary of a syphilitic merchant marine I mean have you ever heard Russell Brand talk I think he's just making up words at this point just to troll us; hey don't think about that because the new Mad Max video game isn't going to play itself how will Jeet's tribe thrive in the Wasteland if you don't collect enough scrap to build a maggot farm and as soon as you defeat Scrotus's hoards don't you dare forget the like million other computer games you bought during the most recent Steam sale after watching hours of YouTube videos of teenagers playing those same games Jesus man are you a bumbling idiot or are you so overwhelmed by the real world that you'd rather play pretend with colored LEDs like some adult Lite-Bright registered trademark and hey lazy-ass shouldn't you be focused on your career I mean you've been at the same job for almost a decade and been promoted once what the hell kinda weak sauce is that but maybe if you focus on this blog you can use it as a springboard into writing important stuff like how everyone but me is wrong about how to defeat Daesh/ISIS or about how I can't believe that some people still think the earth is only ten thousand years old come one people facts are things or about how I want to murder anyone who has ever said “I could care less” or about why hyperbole is literally the worst problem our culture has ever faced but don't let them know that every time you read “hyperbole” you hear “hyper-bowl” they'll think you're an idiot and oh yeah have you learned yet how to spell Wendesday without sounding out “Wed-NES-day” in your head and then immediately falling into a nostalgic stupor over your love affair with the original NES aka Nintendo Entertainment System boy I bet your mother regrets buying that for you because she felt bad you had the chicken pox maybe if you weren't physically and emotionally addicted to the short-term pleasures of video games you would have become a doctor or a lawyer or a famous writer or at least you would have finished restoring this FREAKING CAR ALREADY.
Then I start writing.
The control arms are only one part of the Monte Carlo's suspension system that needed to be cleaned. To save time, let's just do a MONTAGE!
That's a good place to stop for today. Next time, you'll watch me react in horror as I disassemble the drum brakes and find an entirely self-sufficient swamp-alien civilization.
Following Improbable's recent note regarding Greenhouse gasses in a greenhouse, we ask : ‘How many patches of cow urine would a dentist need in order to perform a tooth extraction?' The question is not as laughable as it might seem because Nitrous Oxide (or N 2 O, or ‘laughing gas') is produced in prodigious quantities worldwide by the natural degradation of animal wastes on agricultural land.
The US Environmental Protection Agency puts the figure for manure management emissions in the US alone at around 17 million metric tons per year (in CO 2 equivalents). Unfortunately, aside from its anaesthetic (and other*) uses, N 2 O is also a powerful ‘greenhouse gas' – and thus various strategies are proposed to limit its emissions. See for example: Biochar Incorporation into Pasture Soil Suppresses in situ Nitrous Oxide Emissions from Ruminant Urine Patches (published in the Journal of Environmental Quality. 2011 Mar-Apr;40(2):468-76.)
* Some other uses for N 2 O are described:
• here (page 8 in the .pdf)
• here
• here and
• here
As lawmakers in Congress bob and weave around the issue of assault weapons, officials in numerous statehouses and city halls are feeling pressure to act to protect their communities. Among the more encouraging steps was a unanimous decision this month by the Tucson City Council to move toward requiring background checks at gun shows at city-owned facilities.
The Council had been passive on the gun issue, even after the carnage two years ago in which a Tucson man with an assault weapon killed six people and wounded 13 others, including Representative Gabrielle Giffords. The slain innocents in the massacre in Newtown, Conn., changed that.
The Council ordered the city attorney to draft a resolution, which is scheduled for action next week. The measure requires any gun show using the city's convention center and other properties to conduct background checks in person-to-person gun sales — an attempt to help close the notorious gun-show loophole that allows two out of five gun sales in the nation to avoid background checks.
The praiseworthy move comes as the gun lobby continues to push for laws proclaiming state government's primacy on gun controls and stripping local governments of their power to take action. Arizona has such a state law, but the Tucson City Council insists its gun-show mandate is legal under its authority to regulate how city property is used. The chief sponsor of the measure, Councilman Steve Kozachik, told local reporters, “The state cannot force us to be party to people breaking the law.”
The carrier-backed Softcard mobile wallet system will be killed off permanently on March 31st, the company has announced. Confirmation of Softcard's demise follows major news last month, when Google announced a deal with three of the four major US carriers that will result in Google Wallet being preloaded onto future Android smartphones. That agreement also saw Mountain View purchase some of Softcard's technology, which presumably will be intertwined with Google's own tap-to-pay capabilities. All existing Softcard user accounts will be closed on March 31st, according to an email being sent out to customers.
Somewhere in Mountain View, champagne is flowing
Softcard, originally known as Isis, was a mobile payments system and a rare joint venture between Verizon Wireless, AT&T, and T-Mobile. Like Apple Pay, it used contactless NFC technology to help consumers make purchases with a smartphone. But unlike Apple's solution — which launched nearly a year after Softcard — the setup and payment processes were cumbersome and frustrating. Using Softcard required a special SIM card for your phone, and since credit card support was limited, most people had to funnel money into a prepaid American Express account to use it. (As recently as a few weeks ago, I'd get emails about my Softcard account being temporarily suspended if I didn't pay my Verizon bill on time.)
A statement on Softcard's shutdown posted at the company's website.
In a bizarre twist of fate, the carriers have now turned to Google to "power the next generation of mobile payments" after their own product proved a total dud with consumers. Before Softcard's rollout, Google had long tried to expand Google Wallet's reach on Android, but its attempts were often thwarted by large US carriers — especially Verizon. That bickering and the Softcard debacle gave Apple the opening it needed to come in and make its presence felt in the mobile payments race. Softcard's death has quickly put Google in a better position than ever before; soon, the service will be difficult to get away from on Android. Then again, Samsung is making its own big play and would have you believe it's got a better answer than either Google or Apple. Things are about to get interesting.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 10, 2017, 10:32 PM GMT / Updated May 10, 2017, 10:45 PM GMT By Ari Melber, Meredith Mandell and Diana Marinaccio
If Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from presidential campaign investigations, how could he participate in the firing of FBI Director James Comey?
The question has dogged the Department of Justice since the moment Comey's firing was announced with the release of three odd letters: from Sessions, his deputy Rod Rosenstein, and President Trump.
Legal experts say Sessions may have indeed violated his own recusal standard, though the unusual issue is by no means clear-cut. Sessions, who has said he has had no improper contact with the Russians, concluded after meeting with DOJ ethics lawyers in March "I should not be involved in investigating a campaign I had a role in."
So did AG Sessions violate his recusal by advising on the decision to fire Comey?
Quite possibly — although this is a matter of debate.
It depends on the scope of Sessions' recusal, and whether Comey's termination relates to the matters he is recused from, legal experts tell MSNBC.
Stephen Gillers, a nationally renowned legal ethics expert from New York University School of Law, told MSNBC that Sessions flatly violated the recusal.
“The scope of the recusal is very broad — ‘any existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for President…' The grounds for firing Mr. Comey in the Rosenstein memorandum are explicitly stated to be Mr. Comey's public comments about Mrs. Clinton, during the campaign and prior to the election,” Gillers said.
“These grounds are plainly encompassed within Mr. Sessions' description of the broad scope of his recusal,” he added. A U.S. House committee solicited Gillers' view on the recusal issue, and he sent written input to the committee Wednesday.
Kathleen Clark, a legal ethics expert at Washington University School of Law, was not as conclusive, but said “there is strong evidence that the firing was related to the investigation, and if Sessions had any access to any information indicating that they were related — that the potential firing was related to that investigation — he had an obligation to recuse."
But a former federal prosecutor, who requested anonymity, said if Sessions simply chose to recuse himself, and was not compelled to do so by the DOJ, then he may change his mind.
“If it's self-imposed, he can change his mind if he wants,” said this former prosecutor.
Former federal prosecutor Michael Wildes, who teaches legal ethics at Cardozo, criticized Sessions but said his role advising about Comey's firing was not a formal breach.
"He self-recused himself, so there's nobody who can accuse him of a breach," Wildes said, adding that it would still have been "wiser" to do the firing without Sessions' involvement.
Related: Sessions Chooses Recusal, Despite Trump's ‘Total' Confidence
Former U.S. Attorney Joyce Vance did not say Sessions flatly violated his recusal — but that it would be better if he had stayed out of the process to avoid any appearance of impropriety.
"He should not have participated in this decision, in order to preserve the integrity of the outcome," Vance said.
How broad was AG Sessions' recusal?
Sessions' formal statement says he "decided" to recuse himself from any "existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for President."
A plain reading of that statement would include matters relating to the investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server and probe of any connections between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Related: Democrats to Jeff Sessions: Recusal Is Not Enough
While Sessions said he recused himself from "matters that deal with the Trump Campaign," the exact language of that recusal is in the press release.
That exact language is much broader than his remarks referring only to Trump, and typically the exact language matters more than introductory remarks.
Sessions cited existing and future investigations. One favorable argument for DOJ would be that the Clinton case was closed and thus no longer an "existing" investigation.
Was this a “self-recusal” that Sessions may simply take back?
No court or higher authority “ordered” this recusal, so there is an argument that Sessions simply chose to recuse, and might choose to withdraw his recusal or take it back.
He did announce the recusal, however, as a product of DOJ career officials advising that he “should” recuse under rules which state prosecutors may have a conflict of interest when they have a political relationship with a potential target.
Gillers' analysis is that Sessions' written statement was a "legally operative document" and "anything he says orally doesn't undo the legal consequences of what he said he would do.”
OK, are there any consequences if Sessions did violate his recusal?
For now, no.
Legal experts note a typical recusal violation can result in consequences ranging from discipline to dismissal, and can be investigated by the DOJ's internal watchdog.
But this situation is rather distinct, since the AG recused himself and the issue is a personnel decision, not an actual case.
Legal experts say the only potential legal consequence that may arise would be in hypothetical future litigation.
For example, a party alleging harm from Sessions' actions could raise the issue before a judge in a case, if a prosecution grew out of these issues. Someone would need legal standing to challenge Sessions' role, and that person would thus need to be a target or indicted individual.
Vance, the former prosecutor, noted this is a “unique” situation.
“Nobody knows what the legal remedy is, because we are in uncharted territory. Some part of prosecutorial misconduct would have to be alleged in a criminal indictment,” she said, adding, “But I've never seen this happen and it would be extraordinary and unprecedented.”
Beyond formal legal remedies, Congress could also get involved.
Sessions made pledges to Congress about this recusal, and Congress has its own measures for responding to any perceived violation, including oversight mechanisms or holding the Attorney General in contempt.
CHIEF Minister Michael Gunner has lambasted the former CLP Government after it was revealed the Defence Department learned the Port of Darwin would be leased to a Chinese company for 99-years just hours before the decision was announced.
An expert said the revelations, reported by The Australian through Freedom of Information documents, highlighted an “alarming ­naivety” on the part of the Defence Department about the nature of Chinese business.
The impending announcement also reportedly triggered a scramble to address US concerns about the sale but this has been denied by Defence.
US President Barack Obama was reportedly furious at the deal and lack of consultation and brought the issue to a head in his first meeting with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
The Australian reported a timeline contained in the documents showed the Defence Department and the office of Defence Minister Marise Payne were notified by the former Northern Territory Government that Chinese firm Landbridge had been chosen as the successful bidder on October 13 last year.
“The announcement was made by the NT Government later that day,” the timeline states. Washington was reportedly furious.
Mr Gunner said yesterday Labor had always opposed the sale of the port.
“It's becoming more and more clear that the previous government did not consult or follow proper process in the leasing of Darwin Port,” he said.
“We intend to be a positive and stable government, and will work with Landbridge (who now the post) to get the best outcomes for Territorians.”
Australian Strategic Policy Institute executive director Peter Jennings, a former senior Defence official, told The Australian that after inspecting some of the documents that “heavily censored as they are, (they) show an alarming naivety about the ­nature of Chinese business”.
CLP leader Gary Higgins was contacted for comment.
“The priest who conducts the ceremony says” Let's raise our hearts “. It does not say “lift your cell phones to take pictures.” This is what the Vatican Radio quoted the pontiff as saying to his audience gathered on November 8 in Saint Peter's Square. , at the Vatican.
“I see that when I celebrate mass, here or there, there are people who spend their time on their phones. Not only the faithful, but also bishops. It's so sad ! Please, stop doing that. Mass is not a spectacle! “Said Pope Francis, adding that prayer was above all” a sacred moment and the celebration of the resurrection of the Lord “.
This is not the first time that the pontiff castigates smartphones and those who use them abusively. In 2014, in Germany, he had urged young people not to “waste time chatting online by tweaking their smartphones.”
Pope Francis, born Jorge Mario Bergoglio in Argentina, has become extremely popular for his open-minded speeches and humility during his speeches.
The pontiff is also very popular on social networks: he has more than 14 million subscribers on his Twitter account in English and nearly 5 million on Instagram.
Republican presidential candidate and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush pauses as he is asked a question last week in Waterloo, Iowa. (Matthew Putney/AP)
Being Jeb Bush these days means coping with a series of petty humiliations.
At a weekend conference in Miami, fundraisers questioned the direction of the campaign and worried it's too late for a rebound. During a foreign policy speech in Washington, people slipped out of the room to go see rival Chris Christie instead. The jebbush.com domain was redirected to Donald Trump's website because the Bush campaign failed to lock it down.
And on the campaign trail, the press corps following the former Florida governor is dwindling and focused mostly on his terrible polling numbers, now mired in the low single digits. While front-runner Trump packs arenas with thousands, fifth-place Bush rarely musters more than a couple hundred at any given stop.
At an event in Newton, Iowa, last week, Bush sounded almost incredulous at his position in the race.
“Who has the leadership skills to actually make the tough decisions to fix the things that aren't working right now that are holding people back?” Bush said in front of the crowd of about 100. “And who has the ideas going forward that will allow us to rise up as a nation?”
Internet users browsing the unofficial website JebBush.com were redirected to Donald Trump's website. (Victoria M. Walker/The Washington Post)
“And finally,” he added, “who can beat Hillary Clinton for crying out loud?”
The crowd applauded. A few minutes later, an older gentleman in the back nodded off.
[Is Jeb Bush ready to embrace his last name?]
No presidential candidate named Bush has been in this position before. George H.W. Bush lost his 1980 bid for president, but never slipped as low as Jeb Bush has. After an early setback in the 2000 New Hampshire primary, George W. Bush rebounded and cleared the GOP field.
It doesn't show in the polls, but Bush has become a stronger campaigner — maintaining a grueling schedule of early morning coffee meet-and-greets, interviews with small-town television reporters and nighttime town halls and speeches. And he still has more money than the rest of the field, traveling in a packed SUV with a bodyguard, a personal aide, a press spokesperson and a campaign videographer. He seems more comfortable in his own skin.
But no matter how hard he tries, nothing has helped reverse his slide.
“We have had success raising money. I've had success connecting with crowds — you guys have been there, I'm not making this stuff up,” Bush told reporters last week in Iowa. “We're garnering support at each and every event. I'm confident that we're doing all the right things.”
Republican presidential candidate and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush greets local residents during the Clinton County Republicans Annual Fall Event in Goose Lake, Iowa. (Charlie Neibergall/AP)
Then he turned to the Democratic Party's presidential front-runner, who is neck and neck with Bush in many polling matchups. “In spite of all the pundits saying the end is near, which is totally untrue, if you look at the head-to-head polls, where I'm head-to-head with Hillary Clinton, I beat her,” Bush said. “Gosh, it must not be as bad as you think.”
Regardless of how he might fare against Clinton, Bush has stalled at around fifth place among Republican primary voters, both in national and early state polls. He sits between the top-tier contenders — Trump, Ben Carson and Sens. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) and Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) — and the rest of the pack, including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who is enjoying a resurgence in Bush's must-win state of New Hampshire.
A Monmouth University poll of Iowa released Monday ranked Bush at 6 percent behind Cruz, Trump, Rubio and Carson. In New Hampshire, a Public Policy Polling survey released Friday gave Bush 5 percent — for eighth place. On the same day, a CNN/ORC poll of Republicans nationally gave Bush just 3 percent nationally — fifth place.
Bush supporters are hunkering down for a drawn-out nomination fight, hopeful that he will ultimately emerge as the party's strongest White House contender.
“Sooner or later people are going to have to get rid of the fun and figure out who's best to run the country,” said Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah), one of Bush's most prominent supporters. “And he has to be in there. He has to be there.”
Former Colorado governor Bill Owens, who is co-chairing Bush's campaign in that state, said the candidate “has high name ID, an excellent record to run on and is well-funded.” He also said Bush's recent emphasis on criticizing Clinton is a wise strategy.
“The Republican Party has nominated lots of candidates over the years who were great in the primary process but couldn't win the general election,” he said. “For Jeb Bush, the only thing that matters is winning the general election.”
Charlie Pelton, 75, who heard Bush speak last week in Clinton, Iowa, said he appreciated the candidate's increased focus on foreign affairs and national security. He conceded that “You don't win elections in Iowa on foreign policy, generally, but that's what our nation needs.”
Bush's diminishment was visible at the Republican Jewish Coalition's all-day candidate summit on Thursday, precisely the sort of forum where he might have been expected to dominate. Right to Rise USA, the super PAC supporting his bid, held a breakfast for interested donors, and Bush held a closed-door meet-and-greet.
In the main room, Bush earned a standing ovation when he took the stage and gave an energetic speech about his ability to “whup” Clinton. But numerous would-be donors sneaked out for a session with Christie.
Later that night, stuck in traffic because of the White House Christmas tree lighting, Bush jumped out of the vehicle and walked to a fundraiser in Dupont Circle. When he arrived, Bush greeted guests who gave at least $1,000 to attend the fundraiser at the home of former Bush administration official C. Boyden Gray. At another fundraiser at a Georgetown bar, Bush snacked on hummus with young professionals, Capitol Hill staffers and students. Tickets ranged from $50 to $2,700.
Donors, who request anonymity to speak frankly about the state of the campaign, are mixed on what could come next.
“This is always the [fundraising] quarter to pick your guy and hunker down,” said a donor who attended a meeting of Bush's top donors in Miami over the weekend. “We know it's a rough patch.”
Another emerged from the Miami meeting to say he's “reenergized” and confident that Bush and his team are “the whole package.”
But a donor who attended the fundraiser at the Georgetown bar said that many supporters are struggling to accept Bush's troubles. So how are they coping?
“Alcohol,” the donor said.
[Jeb Bush meets his money men in Miami]
The same day Bush visited Washington, his older brother, George W. Bush, reunited with members of his administration at the U.S. Capitol for the unveiling of a bust of vice president Richard B. Cheney.
“The last time I was in Washington, I was hanged in the White House,” the former president joked, a reference to the unveiling of his official portrait. “This time, I've returned to find my vice president getting busted in the Capitol.”
He said that his father had asked his son to “Send my best regards to Old Iron Ass” — a nickname of endearment the elder Bush once bestowed on Cheney.
There was no reference to Jeb.
Matea Gold, Dave Weigel and Scott Clement contributed to this report.
Doses of a human gut microbe helped to reverse behavioral problems in mice with autism-like symptoms, researchers report today in Cell. The treatment also reduced gastrointestinal problems in the animals that were similar to those that often accompany autism in humans.
The work builds on previous research by Paul Patterson, a neurobiologist at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in Pasadena. In 2012, he and his team created mice with autism-like symptoms by injecting a chemical that mimics viral infection into pregnant mice; those animals then bore offspring that were less sociable and more anxious than wild-type animals. The autistic mice also had 'leaky guts', in which the walls of the intestine break down and allow substances to leak through. Several studies have found that humans with autism are also more likely to have gastrointestinal disorders, suggesting that the two problems may be linked.
To investigate what role the gut might play in the animals' symptoms, Patterson and his colleagues at Caltech took a census of the bacteria living in the guts of the mice. They found that mice with symptoms of autism had lower levels of a bacterium called Bacteroides fragilis that is normally present in the mouse gut. When the researchers fed B. fragilis to these mice, the animals began behaving more normally and their gastrointestinal symptoms improved.
Chemical imbalance
Next, the researchers tried to determine how the bacteria 'talk' to the brain by examining the blood of autistic and wild-type mice for chemicals that indicate how cells are working in the body. They found that the blood of mice with autism symptoms had levels of a chemical called 4-ethylphenylsulphate (4EPS) that were 46 times higher than that of the control group. This substance is structurally similar to a chemical called para-cresol that is elevated in people with autism.
When the researchers injected 4EPS into wild-type mice, they started behaving like the untreated autistic mice — obsessively repeating some behaviors and squeaking differently when greeting other mice. Study co-author Elaine Hsiao, a neuroscientist at Caltech, says that although it is still unclear whether 4EPS is made by B. fragilis, it does seem to be made by gut bacteria.
“It's incredible that putting this one bacterium back can reverse all these widespread changes,” says John Cryan, a pharmacologist at University College Cork in Ireland. Although many anecdotal reports and small studies have suggested that ‘probiotic' bacteria, such as those found in yoghurt, and antibiotics can help with the symptoms of autism, Cryan says more research needs to be done. Because there are a number of types of autism in humans, it will be important to look at how different symptoms might be affected by different microbes. Another question is whether the microbiomes of the mice — whose symptoms result from maternal infection — differ from those of mice that are genetically predisposed to autism-like symptoms, Cryan adds.
“I think there is now sufficient proof of concept where people can start to look at probiotic bacteria to improve brain function in humans,” says gastroenterologist Stephen Collins of McMaster University in Ontario, Canada. The next step, he says, will be to determine more precisely how different bacteria use the immune, metabolic and nervous systems to influence the brain.
This article is reproduced with permission from the magazine Nature. The article was first published on December 5, 2013.
HTC is still keeping mum about exactly how many Vive headsets it has managed to ship to customers, but speaking broadly, HTC's GM of Vive Dan O'Brien said the company met its sales targets and is "very happy" with the numbers.
"We don't release our numbers publicly, but we're actually very happy with it," O'Brien told GamesIndustryBiz in an interview "We've also started to really penetrate the non-game space and the enterprise space, and all those cases. We knew those areas would pick up as game developers actually solved problems like locomotion, movement, and social cooperative experiences."
The Vive came to market in April 2016. O'Brien says that was a kick-off year for Vive, with 2017 being an "ecosystem year where we turn our attention to partners to come work with us." That was the reason HTC released its Tracker tool, and also the motivation behind Viveport, HTC's own app store, O'Brien says.
One of the criticisms associated with not just the Vive but VR headsets in general is the lack of AAA games. Joel Breton, VP of global VR content at HTC, said that's due to the time required to build big games with high-production values.
"Being 15 or 15 months into commercial launch, there's a lot of stuff in the oven that hasn't been announced that we're salivating to see what the reaction is," Breton explains. "But there's a lot of stuff that has been announced."
He also said that pretty much every AAA company now has a dedicated VR team, insinuating it's only a matter of time before we see a deluge of blockbuster releases for VR headsets.
The lack of popular games is no the only criticism associated with the Vive. Like the Rift, it requires a physical connection to a PC. That too is going to change.
"We understand now much more clearly the challenge to wireless and nausea and latency," O'Brien said. "Those were math problems to solve, and it took a little while to get through those. I actually didn't think in year one there would be a laptop that would support VR. By the end of the year, I think there were nine, and there are even more this year."
It makes sense that HTC would be upbeat about VR, and specifically the Vive. However, GamesIndustryBiz missed an opportunity to ask a more pressing question, and is that HTC thinks about the Oculus Rift and Touch controller bundle dropping to $499 (currently on sale for $399). Price is perhaps the biggest barrier to high-end VR headsets, and Oculus seems to be tackling the issue head on.
As for HTC, we will have to wait and see if it lowers the price of its Vive headset to match the Rift. That could have a big impact on sales figures going forward. Back in November of last year, HTC president Chia-lin Chang said the number of Vive shipments was "much more" than the 140,000 figures that was floating around. More recently, it was reported by VentureBeat that HTC sold 95,000 Vive headsets in the first quarter of 2017. Both it and the Rift trailed behind less expensive solutions, such as Samsung's Gear VR, which sold 782,000 units in the same quarter.
"As we want to get to an early mass [market] and double-digit year-over-year growth numbers, you have to make some more changes to the product," O'Brien added.
HTC has already hinted at building a less expensive VR headset to compete in the mobile space. That is in addition to a second-generation Vive, that is also in the works.
This week's raw recipes require us to step away from the stove and try out this reader's ideas for aromatic Thai salad, seasonal cherry jam and a quickfire chocolate mousse ... Next time, we'd like to see your NOODLE recipes. We're gving you an extra week to submit them, too: please send your ideas via GuardianWitness or recipes@theguardian.com by noon on Wednesday 9 September. Winning entries will appear here and in the paper on 19 September.
As I've discovered this week, making raw dishes isn't just as simple as stepping away from the frying pan. Not only is it a bit of a minefield trying to work out what's raw and what's not (apologies in advance, if I've let some heat treatment slip through the net for the stricter among you), but creating something with a satisfying balance of texture and memorably moreish flavour can be quite a challenge. However, I'm pleased to say that, as usual, our readers have stepped up to the plate; I've eaten everything from punchy desserts to filling mains, and have come out the other side with a newfound respect for my food processor.
Rheanna Lucy Akua Griffin's simple, seasonal chia seed jam is definitely something that I'd revisit, and useful if you're trying to cut down on refined sugar. Another sweet offering came from TheWholeIngredient, in the form of a dairy and wheat-free lemon and blueberry cheesecake.. The The subtle combination of fruit with cardamom and mint was truly lovely. And Lizbeer's chocolate mousse, meanwhile, includes a sweet, perfumed pear to add intrigue to raw cacao.
The super salad from Suzanne Anderegg was a riot of textures; the ingredient list is long, but its feel-good power is mighty. Timing is everything with raw dishes, and ElleZumbido's sunflower seed and sundried tomato spread is no exception. Although a few hours of soaking is required, it takes less than one minute to make – a perfect lunchbox snack that will keep for a few days in the fridge.
But this week's raw star is simple to prepare, satisfying, and just a little bit showy. Maryam Sinaiee's tomato and fennel salad with fragrant pistachio, thyme and mint pesto is an effortless ray of sunshine for the final days of summer.
The winning recipe: Tomato and fennel salad with pistachio pesto
The peppery tang of summer savory, mint and pistachio pesto really complements sweet tomatoes. Summer savory (and its perennial relative, winter savory) are hard to find in the UK unless you grow it, so use fresh thyme if you can't find it.
Maryam Sinaiee, via GuardianWitness
Serves 4
25g shelled pistachio nuts, chopped, plus extra to serve
1 small garlic clove, chopped
A handful of fresh summer savory or thyme
A generous pinch of mint leaves
100ml cold pressed extra-virgin olive oil
Salt and black pepper
500g tomatoes, sliced
1 small head of fennel, thinly sliced
1∫ tbsp fresh lemon juice
1 Put the nuts, garlic and the herbs with 75ml of the olive oil in the food processor and process until chopped well but not too smooth. Season with salt and black pepper.
2 Spread half the pesto on a platter, then arrange the tomatoes and fennel over the top.
3 Mixes the rest of the pesto with the rest of the oil and the lemon juice and season. Drizzle this over the salad and scatter with some more chopped pistachios.
Raw super salad with Thai dressing
This week's theme was a good excuse to snoop around my local Chinese supermarket to choose some of the ingredients for this raw salad. I was nervous about using kelp but I am now a complete convert to what turns out to be a pasta-like noodle.
Suzanne Anderegg, via GuardianWitness
Technicolor: Suzanne Anderegg's pic of her raw super salad. Photograph: Suzanne Anderegg/GuardianWitness
Serves 6
50g dried shredded kelp
¼ medium mooli (white radish), or 6 standard radishes, finely sliced
¼ head of Chinese leaf, shredded
¼ head purple cabbage, shredded
2 spring onions, finely sliced
2 carrots, grated
1 courgette, grated
125g cashews
150g frozen shelled edamamebeans, defrosted
½ green papaya, sliced
2 tbsp pickled ginger
150g pea shoots
100g mixed leaves such as rocket
A good handful of beansprouts (optional)
For the Thai dressing
Juice and zest of 1 large orange
2 tbsp grated ginger
2 tbsp sesame oil
½ garlic clove, grated
2 tsp honey
1 tsp soy sauce
50ml rice vinegar
2 tbsp sesame seeds
Juice of ½ lime
1 Soak the dried kelp in a bowlful of water for about 20 minutes to soften.
2 Meanwhile, slice, grate and shred the rest of the ingredients and arrange in a serving dish. Drain and rinse the kelp well and add to the dish.
3 Make the dressing by putting all the ingredients in a small bowl and mixing until blended. Pour on top of the salad and carefully fold everything together before serving.
Blueberry lemon cheesecake
A delicious, fruity and smooth cheesecake that's also delicate and light. Quick and simple to make, this no-bake healthy vegan cheesecake is sure to impress. Free of refined sugar and oil.
TheWholeIngredient, via GuardianWitness
TheWholeIngredient's lush pic of her blueberry lemon cheesecake. Photograph: TheWholeIngredient/GuardianWitness
Serves 4
For the base
50g rolled oats
8 dates, pitted
25g sultanas
10g sunflower seeds
1 tbsp maple syrup
Zest of 1 unwaxed lemon
A pinch of Himalayan pink salt
For the filling
75g cashews, presoaked in water for 1 hour+
100g blueberries, plus extra to serve
1 tsp maple syrup
Juice of 1 unwaxed lemon
Seeds of 2 cardamom pods
Fresh mint leaves (optional)
1 First make the base. Put all the base ingredients in a food processor, then pulse on a low speed until it all clumps together, but retains a little texture. Line a 10cm tart tin with foil, then scoop out the base mixture and press the mixture down evenly into the tin. Put in the freezer.
2 Meanwhile, in a food processor, blend the cashews to a smooth paste. Next, add 50g blueberries and the remaining filling ingredients to the processor and blitz until combined.
3 To assemble, scatter the remaining 50g of blueberries over the base and then pour on the filling. Smooth over with the back of a spoon, ensuring it goes right up to the edges of the tin.
4 Decorate with more blueberries and a sprig of mint. Freeze for at least an hour before serving.
Cherry and chia seed jam
You can use any seasonal fruit you like in this recipe, but at the moment I'm using cherries straight from my garden.
Rheanna Lucy Akua Griffin, via GuardianWitness
Makes 1 pot
450g pitted cherries or other seasonal berries
2 tbsp agave nectar or raw honey
Juice of ½ a lemon
75g chia seeds
1 tbsp ground flax seeds
1 Blend the cherries, agave nectar and lemon juice in a food processor, then tip into a bowl and add the chia and flax seeds, stirring until combined.
2 Chill for an hour, then serve; the mix should be a little runny as the chia seeds swell.
Raw chocolate mousse
A near-instant treat.
Lizbeer, via GuardianWitness
Serves 1-2
1 banana, peeled and chopped
1 pear, peeled and chopped
3 tbsp raw cacao
1 Put all the ingredients in a food processor, then whizz until smooth and creamy.
Sundried tomato and sunflower seed spread
This spread has many uses: on toast or crackers, as a sauce for vegetables or pasta, as a base for a creamy salad dressing or as a mezze. It will keep in the fridge for about two days.
ElleZumbido, via GuardianWitness
ElleZumbido's sun-dried tomato and chia seed spread. Photograph: ElleZumbido/GuardianWitness
Serves 4-6
80g sunflower seeds
8 sundried tomatoes
A large handful each of dill and basil, roughly chopped, plus extra to garnish
1 tbsp cold pressed extra virgin olive oil, plus extra to garnish
Juice and zest of 1 unwaxed lemon
Salt and black pepper, to taste
1 Soak the sunflower seeds and sundried tomatoes in a tall measuring jug overnight in 200ml cold water.
2 The next morning use a stick blender or food processor to blend all the other ingredients to a smooth paste, adding extra water if necessary. Season to taste.
3 Puts in a bowl, drizzle with olive oil and a liberal sprinkling of chopped basil and dill to serve.A
CLOSE Bitcoin prices surged to another all-time high Monday, taking the total value of the cryptocurrency in circulation to more than $37.5 billion. Video provided by TheStreet Newslook
(Photo11: the Bitcoin Symbol project, under the Free Art License 1.3)
SAN FRANCISCO — Bitcoin, sometimes frowned upon as a currency of the underworld, is fast gaining currency in the financial world.
The crypto-currency soared past $2,000 for the first time over the weekend as investors increasingly treat it as a new gold standard and countries such as Japan and China integrate it into their banking systems. On Monday, it traded 6% higher at $2,182.74, according to CoinDesk. (By late Wednesday, it had surged to $2,500, up more than 150% for the year.)
"It will continue to rise in price as inflation goes higher and there is world turmoil," says Jonathan Johnson, president of Medici Ventures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Overstock.com that focuses on blockchain, the technology that underlies digital assets such as bitcoin, allowing it to be tracked and secure. Johnson was instrumental in the decision by e-commerce company Overstock to begin accepting bitcoin in January 2014.
"Bitcoin is a safe investment," Johnson says.
Related:
There have been plenty of skeptics about bitcoin during its popular but volatile rise, from former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke to J.P. Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, to users who were burned by the bankruptcy of bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox and ensuing plunge in prices.
The predilection among criminals to use the peer-to-peer currency, as well as its place outside traditional banking systems and regulations, has stymied some of its advocates' best-laid plans. In March, the Securities and Exchange Commission rejected a proposal for the first exchange-traded fund that would track bitcoin's price, citing the currency's unregulated market.
But global demand has offset those concerns.
After Japanese regulators introduced rules this spring that recognize bitcoin as a legal method of payment, investors flocked to swap yen for bitcoin in a frenzy of trading activity. In China, analysts attribute a spike in bitcoin sales to a significant drop in the difference in bitcoin prices between U.S. and Chinese exchanges.
Companies and governments are embracing the currency for several reasons: It's easy to transfer overseas without high surcharges; it offers simple, anonymous transactions online; and it is supported by a secure digital infrastructure.
"It doesn't surprise me at all that the price of bitcoin has been bid up," says Perianne Boring, president of the Chamber of Digital Commerce. "(Crypto-currencies) Ethereum and Ripple are also surging strongly."
"The run-up in value isn't what's important — it's the fact that is has the potential to be a whole new kind of currency on the planet," says Mark Johnson, a long-time bitcoin investor who is CEO of Descartes Labs, which analyzes complex satellite images.
Much of the attention around bitcoin has centered on its use by criminal enterprises, the latest being the demand of ransom — via bitcoin payment — from WannaCry, the group behind the world-wide hack that reached 150 countries this month.
That may be changing as the price of bitcoin continues its ascent, validating Web browser pioneer and venture capitalist Marc Andreessen's prediction in 2014 that blockchain had the potential to become a multi-billion dollar technological breakthrough.
Boost VC was the first fund to back a bitcoin-related start-up, Coinbase, in 2012, says Adam Draper, managing director of Boost. Today it backs more than 60 blockchain- and bitcoin-related start-ups "because I trust bitcoin more than I trust my bank," Draper says.
Follow USA TODAY's San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz @jswartz on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qODcbt
Food News: New Cuban Pulled Pork Sub from Subway?
Posted July 13th, 2010 | 6:07pm by Adam
So a few days ago I was in the car and heard a commercial for Subway restaurants. You know, one of those conversation style commercials where you're really not sure what the voices are talking about until halfway through. Anyways, I could have sworn it ended up being an advertisement for a Cuban-style sub from Subway. Totally intrigued, I Googled it frantically when I got home, but to no avail. Further drive-bys of local Subways revealed nothing as far as ads went, so much so that I dismissed the phantom “limited time offering” to the status of a dream. That is, until I saw this:
This picture was of a Subway storefront in Dupont Circle in Washington DC. I was having lunch at a nearby restaurant with a friend, so I didn't get to check it out further, but apparently I'm not crazy. I love Cuban sandwiches (my favorite is from Victoria Gastro Pub in Columbia, Maryland) and will definitely be searching this out in the future. Has anyone else run across the new New Cuban Pulled Pork Sub? If so, let us know your thoughts!
It took me over two decades of dealing with chronic worry to learn there is no one-size-fits-all-magic-pill solution for anxiety. I've also learned, however, there are research-based methods that do work well for many people (including children) in a variety of situations.
For long-term relief, I always recommend cognitive behavioral techniques to manage worry. For short-term relief, I've put together a list of eight ideas to add to your toolkit for yourself and your kids when you're feeling stressed or anxious. I recommend picking one that sounds good to you and trying it out for a week. Feel free to comment below with more techniques that have worked for you.
1. Breathe. We often think of the mind as a control center that commands the body. For example, if I want to type on a computer, my mind sends out multiple signals that culminate in having my fingers type on a keyboard. Here's the thing we forget: This process works in reverse—the body can also communicate with the mind.
Try this: Rapid and shallow breathing are often part of the anxiety response, so deliberately alter your breathing to be deeper and slower. For sixty seconds, breathe in deeply through your nose, and then exhale fully through your mouth. This kind of breathing sends a message from your body to your mind that there is no present danger so it can enter the rest-and-digest mode. Practice when you're calm to train your nervous system to relax quickly.
2. Drink water. About 60 to 75 percent of our bodies are composed of water, as is a whopping 85 percent of our brains. Water helps deliver vitamins and nutrients to their proper destinations, helps eliminate waste, and helps our systems function properly. Unfortunately, it's often reported that many people are chronically dehydrated. In fact, by the time you're thirsty, you're already dehydrated. And research shows that even mild dehydration can affect mental well-being and increase anxiety. Water helps. One study showed students who took a drink into their testing hall scored nearly 10 percent better than those who did not.
Try this: At the onset of feeling anxious, grab a glass of water. For kids big and small who don't like to drink water, be creative and make it fun! Fill a bottle of water and, once it's empty, pin a sticker on a board or do a silly dance. You can also try infusing your water with fruits and vegetables; try flavored sparkling water; set an alarm to drink at the top of every hour; put water in a funny cup; or drink water on a particular cue (e.g., each time you enter a certain room).
3. Hug a loved one. A hug, or even holding hands with a loved one, can melt stress away. Studies show that hugging both slows the release of stress hormones such as cortisol and releases good hormones such as oxytocin (a.k.a., the “cuddle” or “love” hormone responsible for social bonding). Tiffany Field, PhD, director of the University of Miami Medical School Touch Research Institute, says, “The gentle pressure of a hug can stimulate nerve endings under the skin that send calming messages to the brain and slow the release of cortisol.” As an added bonus, studies also show hugs can act as a protective force against illness.
Try this: If you're feeling anxious, find someone you trust and give them a good, long hug. Try a sixty-second hug. This allows enough time for the release of that beneficial oxytocin hormone.
4. Be mindful. Research shows that 47 percent of the time, we're actually thinking about something other than what we're doing. This research also reveals that thinking about the past or future is more likely to trigger anxiety than focusing on the present.
Try this: Focus on the present with a quick mindfulness exercise involving your senses. Answer the following questions in your mind or in writing.
Touch: What can you feel under your fingertips right now? Tell me about the texture.
Smell: What can you smell with your nose? Is it a smell you recognize?
Sight: What do you see with your eyes? Describe it in detail.
Sound: What do you hear? Tell me about the faintest noise you hear.
Taste: What do you taste right now?
5. Witness love. An interesting study asked participants to view pictures representing love and support. Then the researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to measure how the brain responded. It turns out viewing pictures of others' being cared for can soothe anxiety. And for those who are especially anxious, the pictures of love and support can be even more effective.
Try this: Carry pictures with you or on your phone that remind you that you are loved and cared for. Have a variety of pictures, old and new, so you don't grow too used to this intervention.
6. Reframe stress. A little stress in your life is okay. In fact, there is something known as eustress (good stress), and studies show that awareness of this type of stress can help lower levels of cortisol and even boost productivity. In other words, your mindset regarding stress influences how your mind and body react to it.
Try this: Find the silver lining in your stress and verbalize it. For example, if you're about to take a test, you can say, “Hey, a little stress is actually helping me on this test. My body's giving me a little burst of energy and extra focus.”
7. Keep it real. From an evolutionary perspective, the stress response is a built-in protection mechanism. Stress or worry is what kept the cave person attuned to the saber-toothed cat lurking in the bush. And to make sure we were really paying attention, the mind often exaggerated the object of the worry (e.g., mistaking a stick for a snake). This tendency to magnify what might go wrong remains with us and is a common cognitive distortion. Research shows that one of the best ways to bring yourself back from a distorted reality is self-disputation.
Try this: When you have an anxious thought, ask yourself this question: Is this statement true? Then take a minute to write down supporting and negating evidence about the thought.
8. Laugh. The benefits of laughter are well documented. In fact, there is an entire field dedicated to the science–Gelotology–pioneered by William F. Fry of Stanford University. Here are some of the majors findings from the science: laughter can relax muscles, improve respiration and circulation, stimulate the production of endorphins (natural pain killers), and decrease stress-related hormones. These benefits validate that adage that laughter is the best therapy.
Try this: According to, Dr. Madan Kataria, the founder of Laughter Yoga, the body cannot distinguish between fake and real laughter. He also says, “You don't have to wait for anything to happen—no jokes, no humor, no comedy required. Laughter is a choice.” If you're feeling anxious, try one of his exercises for one minute: clap in rhythm while playfully squealing ‘ho-ho-ha-ha-ha'.
Get many more short and long-term anxiety relief tools for kids at www.gozen.com.
He's obviously an extremely talented writer and editor, and I guess some naked partisanship on the right is necessary to balance out Krugman. But ideologically, having both David Brooks and Bill Kristol as the sole representatives of the right-of-center is to focus on a very small neocon niche in a conservative world that is currently exploding with intellectual diversity and new currents of thought. There are about five "national greatness" conservatives out there. Four of them now have columns in the WaPo or NYT: Kristol, Brooks, Krauthammer and Gerson. Thank God, I guess, for the blogosphere. We have no restrictions here, do we?
(Update: a reader asked me who the other national greatness conservative was. Bob Kagan. And, of course, he does have a column in the WaPo. So it's five for five.)
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
The athletic director at a Canadian university has a message for his counterparts in the United States — stop stealing our athletes.
Over the past two seasons, the University of Windsor's Mike Havey watched, almost helplessly, as a Canadian Interuniversity Sport basketball rookie of the year and an Ontario University Athletics soccer rookie of the year walked out the door and headed to schools in the U.S.
The latest incident happened in August, when the University of Texas El Paso raided the University of Windsor's men's basketball team and took its best player, Isiah Osborne.
Havey wants NCAA compliance officials to establish rules prohibiting U.S. coaches from poaching players.
On Aug. 7, Osborne was playing for the Lancers in Windsor against Charleston Southern University from South Carolina. According to observers, Osborne was easily the best player on the floor, scoring 35 points, grabbing seven rebounds and making five steals.
Matt Willms, a basketball player with the University of Texas El Paso Miners, was in Windsor and saw Osborne play. He called his coaches in Texas, telling them to take a look at the Windsor guard.
Two days after that game Havey was asked to sign papers confirming Osborne's transfer to the school in Texas. According to UTEP, it was the recommendation from Willms that triggered its decision to offer Osborne a "financial aid agreement."
By the end of the week, Osborne was headed to Texas.
'Isn't the 1st time we've sounded the alarm'
The NCAA, which governs collegiate athletics in the U.S., has a complicated system of rules around recruitment designed to prevent its schools from poaching athletes from each other and other lower-caliber universities and colleges in the States.
But there is nothing in place governing relations between schools in the U.S and Canada.
"We're tired of it," Havey told CBC News. "This isn't the first time we've sounded the alarm. We're determined to bring this to the attention of the NCAA from a legislative perspective."
The Windsor Lancers have one of the top basketball programs in Ontario, but that doesn't make its players immune to recruitment by NCAA schools. (Frank Gunn/Canadian Press)
Havey said Osborne is only the latest elite athlete to move to the U.S in the middle of his commitment to Windsor. After the 2015 season, soccer player Noah Pio, the OUA rookie of the year, transferred to Cleveland State.
Havey said neither UTEP nor Cleveland State officials responded when he sent letters of protest.
"We've basically been ignored," he said. "We're pressing a little harder this time."
"UTEP has done nothing wrong, according to the rules. Cleveland State has done nothing wrong, according to the rules," Havey said. "But from an ethical perspective, I think anybody can see that this is a shady practice."
Calls to UTEP head coach Tim Floyd and the NCAA were not immediately returned Wednesday.
'We're not alone'
After several attempts to fix the situation by talking with the schools directly, Havey is ready to take his case to the top of the NCAA. He said poaching is a common practice that hurts schools across Canada.
"We're not alone," he said. "Osborne had the potential to be one of the best, possibly the best player in Lancer basketball history. To lose a high-performing student athlete like that is distressing. It's not about Isiah Osborne per se, it's about the practice."
Note: Linked issues contain more information on the cancellation and relate to the Implosion only. The first issues of the Explosion are also linked. Do not link more issues to this concept.
In the early 1960s DC Comics was the industry leader in comic sales, but by the end of the 1960s, Marvel had seen a resurgence under Stan Lee and was gradually gaining more popularity. By the mid-1970s Marvel had successively overtaken DC Comics on the comic book market. One of the ways in which this occurred was through the maintenance of numerous titles. DC Comics noted this trend and attempted to regain their market share by undergoing an expansion of their own, in a venture known as the DC Explosion. DC expanded its lineup by 57 titles and corresponded this with an increase in cover prices.
Many new series were brought back which had been canceled in the 1960s and 1970s and many new series were planned as well. Between 1975 and 1979 DC unleashed 57 new titles. Notable among these series was the Vixen, which would have been the first series to have an African American female at its lead.
In the end the venture was mostly a failure. DC Comics continued to have poor sales and so in 1978 the editorial decision was made to cancel a majority of the titles, a decision which many fans subsequently called the DC Implosion (DC Comics does not refer to it as such.) Although the quality of the new issues was partially to blame, some have argued that other effects resulted in the decreased sales. These include blizzards in 1977 and 1978 which made distribution more difficult, and the ongoing effects of a weak economy and inflation which made the higher cover prices even less desirable.
Many of the characters persisted longer than the implosion and many stories were later printed in one form or another. One of the major ways in which this was done was in a limited release series called Cancelled Comic Cavalcade (a play on a previous series named Comic Cavalcade). This contained a wide range of material, some finished, some in rough sketches, and this was primarily created to establish copyrights over the material. In other cases stories were later published elsewhere. Some of these were in other collections, or in reworked stories. For instance, Secret Society of Super Villains #16 was later reworked into Justice League of America #166-168.
Among the cancelations there were 11 other series canceled which were not actually part of the Implosion. Most of the Implosion series ended abruptly, with little to no resolution to ongoing storylines and many promising continuations in the following month. These 11 series though were planned to end on schedule.
One of the notable decisions made at the time was to save the long running title Detective Comics. At the time this was far outsold by Batman Family. After negotiations, it was decided to save the long running title and to maintain the continuity of the series which DC Comics is named after. This had the unforeseen effect of canceling a popular series to merge it into another. Detective Comics would have been canceled at issue #480.
Following the editorial decision in 2011 to relaunch the entire DC lineup into the New 52, some references were made in the media to this previous expansion and contraction.
Left-wing rapper and anti-fascist Pavlos Fissas, aka Killah P, who was murdered in Athens last night
Last night, 34-year-old antifascist and left-wing rapper Pavlos Fissas was stabbed to death in Athens while he was surrounded by a group of 30 thugs in Golden Dawn shirts and military pants. The victim, whose stage name is MC Killah P, had been watching a soccer match with his girlfriend.
The Greek media is reporting that the murder came about after fighting between the fascists and antifascists, but according to eyewitnesses there were no clashes. The source—a local woman with no stated political allegiance—said that while Fissas was surrounded by the fascist mob, the murderer pulled up in a car, parked in a hurry, jumped out and attacked him straight away—details that point toward a premeditated attack. Fissas was stabbed twice in the heart, and once in his stomach. He died later in the hospital. The murderer was arrested later and confessed to both the murder and the political nature of his act.
The same sources allege that a group of police officers at the scene did nothing to stop what was happening—according to the left-wing Athens-based website Left.gr, police told onlookers that they could not intervene because the assailants were “too numerous.” The attacker was eventually arrested by an officer and his car was taken away. Two hundred antifascists gathered at the scene later, and calls for protest marches all around Greece were put out.
The Golden Dawn claims that the perpetrator isn't a member of their organization and is threatening anyone who implicates them in the murder with lawsuits. However, police sources have confirmed to Kathimerini newspaper reporter Jean Souliotis that his party membership card was found in the trash outside his house. According to sources, he is associated with the Piraeus branch of the Golden Dawn.
As far as Golden Dawn violence goes, this was an extreme incident, but not an isolated one. There seems to have been a resurgence in Golden Dawn attacks of late, to the extent that you wonder if this is a calculated strategy to escalate tensions between the far-right party and its political opponents. Late last Thursday night, 30 Greek Communist Party (KKE) members were putting up posters in the streets of Perama, when a group of 50 masked individuals wearing Golden Dawn insignia attacked them with iron bars and wooden sticks with nails through them. Nine KKE members were hospitalized.
When I spoke to Sotiris Poulikoyiannis, President of the metalworkers union and one of those attacked, he told me, “When they came for us, they were shouting, ‘We're running this place, this harbour is ours.' They were well prepared and equipped, they had sticks with nails in the end—this wasn't a random attack. The two people in charge of the group even identified themselves.”
The scene of the murder. Photo via.
It doesn't look like a coincidence that the attack came after a speech by two Golden Dawn MPs in the area. One of them, Yiannis Lagos, told his activist branch, “You choose how you want to move forward, and we'll back you up." This had echoes of a speech he made last year, after which an attack was unleashed upon some Egyptian fishermen. On both occasions, no charges of incitement to violence were brought against him, and it's unlikely that any will brought against Golden Dawn after Fissas' murder.
Curiously, while the Golden Dawn has been ramping up the violence it has also been flirting with relative respectability, by courting New Democracy—the large center-right party that is in the government at the moment. New Democracy kept quiet about the attack on the communists in the domestic media, only condemning it in Germany's Der Spiegel magazine. Last week, high-profile Greek journalist Babis Papadimitriou asked, “If SYRIZA [a left party] can work with KKE, why can't a more serious Golden Dawn support a conservative alliance, like what happened in Norway?” Several MPs and advisors have hinted at the possibility of a potential alliance between the center-right party and the neo-Nazi gang—if only the second would “shape-up.”
Though Golden Dawn has attempted, in its own, ham-fisted way, to engage with mainstream political processes—bringing leftists to court for slander, running in the Athens mayoral election—it seems their idea of 'shaping up' doesn't extend to not murdering political opponents in bars.
The brother of Nikos Mihaloliakos (leader of the GD) is rumored to be recruiting heavily from circles of lawyers, businessmen, and academics—supposedly upstanding professionals who are a little bit too fond of the Greek Junta and the colonels who overthrew the Greek government in 1967. However, with this latest murder, the Golden Dawn's dual tactic of shaking the hand of the respectable political classes at the same time as they're using the other to plunge knives into their enemies may finally have come unstuck. The Minister of Citizen Protection Nikos Dendias has said the government will look to change the law around criminal organizations, hinting at a ban of the far right-party.
Such a change could have implications for radical leftist organizations as well, meaning that the Golden Dawn could drag their foes down with them and mortally wound Greece's democracy. Which means that, ultimately, they would kind of get things their way after all.
Follow Yiannis on Twitter: @YiannisBab
More Greek fascists:
Immigrants Are Being Stabbed to Death on the Streets of Athens
Is Golden Dawn Are Turning to Terrorism to Get Their Message Across?
Greek Neo-Nazi Beach Party!
Indonesian leaders are constantly going on about the country's “drug emergency”, which they say is killing up to 50 people per day (a number based on flawed statistics) and threatens to ruin the country's youth, as justification for the country's draconian narcotic laws.
Unlike female dangdut stars who are usually known for their sexy dance moves, Rhoma Irama, one of the country's most famous musicians (he is often referred to as the ‘king' of the uniquely Indonesian musical genre) is known more for his highly conservative politics, including his support for the nation's war on drugs. He even once penned a song titled “Narkoba” in which he sang about the terrible dangers of drugs and declared them “our enemy” that could cause an entire generation to disappear.
But since his own son, Ridho Irama, was busted by police with shabu (crystal meth), the dangdut king has started singing a different tune.
Rhoma, who is also the chairman of the Idaman political party (he briefly flirted with the idea of running for the presidency of Indonesia in 2014), was apparently shocked and heartbroken when he heard the news that his son, also a musician and performer, was caught by police from the National Narcotics Agency (BNN) with 0.7 grams of shabu in his car in March.
But the king of dangdut says that the authorities should take it easy on his son, since he wasn't using the drugs for fun (hmm… maybe we should write a song about this).
“When Ridho used it for the first time his motivation was not to have fun, not for debauchery, but in order to make his posture more ideal as an artist, as a singer and a movie star,” Rhoma said outside the West Jakarta District Court yesterday after his son's hearing, as quoted by Kompas. (Ridho's lawyer claimed the young musician had been using the drug to lose weight.)
Rhoma said that he hopes the judges in his son's case would be fair in rendering their verdict according to the law and that Ridho would be placed in rehab.
Which is probably where drug users such as Ridho belong. But Rhoma's statement seems to indicate that he believes that intent should be considered in terms of drug sentencing because some illegal drugs have uses besides debauchery (seemingly contradicting previous times in which he said that drugs, along with gambling, were mankind's greatest enemies).
Perhaps the dangdut king will next come to the defense and even pen a song for Fidelis Arie Sudewarto, the man who is currently being prosecuted by BNN for growing marijuana for the sole purpose of helping treat his dying wife's illness. We'd be the first ones to buy it.
Jacob Huesman Photo by Angela Lewis Foster /Times Free Press.
Davis Tull Photo by Angela Lewis Foster /Times Free Press.
Southern Conference preseason rankings (First-place votes in parenthesis) Media poll 1. Chattanooga (29) 235 2. Furman (1) 203 3. Samford 174 4. Wofford 155 5. Western Carolina 105 6. The Citadel 103 7. Mercer 67 8. VMI 38 Coaches Poll 1. UTC (6) 48 2. Furman (1) 40 2. Samford (1) 40 4. Wofford 30 5. Western Carolina 24 6. The Citadel 22 7. Mercer 10 7. VMI 10 Preseason all-conference Offensive Player of the Year: Jacob Huesman, Jr., QB, Chattanooga Defensive Players of the Year: Davis Tull, Sr., DL, Chattanooga First Team Offense QB Jacob Huesman, Jr., QB, Chattanooga RB Hank McCloud, Sr., Furman RB Keon Williams, Sr., Chattanooga OL Charles Emert, Sr., Furman OL Gunnar Bromelow, Jr., Samford OL Synjen Herren, Jr., Chattanooga OL Josh Wineberg, Jr., Western Carolina OL T.J. Chamberlin, Jr., Wofford TE Faysal Shafaat, Sr., Chattanooga WR Andrej Suttles, So., Furman WR Karnorris Benson, Jr., Western Carolina First Team Defense DL Justin Oxendine, Sr., The Citadel DL Gary Wilkins, Sr., Furman DL Davis Tull, Sr., Chattanooga DL Tarek Odom, Sr., Wofford LB Carl Robinson, Sr., The Citadel LB Marcus McMorris, Sr., Furman LB Carl Rider, Jr., Furman DB Reggie Thomas, Jr., Furman DB James Bradberry, Jr., Samford DB Jaquiski Tartt, Sr., Samford DB Sertonuse Harris, Jr., Western Carolina First Team Specialists PK Warren Handrahan, So., Samford P Greg Peranich, Sr., Samford RS Shaun Warren, Sr., Western Carolina Second Team Offense QB Reese Hannon, Jr., Furman RB Darius Ramsey, Jr., Western Carolina RB Will Gay, Jr., Wofford OL Joe Turner, Jr., Furman OL C.H. Scruggs, Jr., Samford OL Corey Levin, So., Chattanooga OL Andrew Marcotte, Sr., VMI OL Anton Wahrby, So., Wofford TE Tony Philpot, Jr., Samford WR Karel Hamilton, So., Samford WR Terryon Robinson, So., Western Carolina Second Team Defense DL Ira McCune, Sr., Furman DL Jerry Mathis, Sr., Samford DL Josh Freeman, Jr., Chattanooga DL Derrick Lott, Sr., Chattanooga LB Bobby Wilson, Jr., Samford LB Christon Gill, Sr., Western Carolina LB Kevin Thomas, Sr., Wofford DB Trey Robinson, So., Furman DB Ace Clark, Sr., Western Carolina DB Chris Armfield, So., Wofford DB Bernard Williams, Sr., Wofford Second Team Specialists PK Richard Sigmon, Sr., Western Carolina P Nick Pollard, Sr., Chattanooga RS Will Gay, Jr., Wofford
The last time the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga football team was the preseason pick to win the Southern Conference Michael Jackson's "Thriller" album had just been released, E.T. was the top grossing movie, Danica Patrick and Lil Wayne were newborns and Knoxville hosted the World's Fair.
For the first time since 1982, he Mocs topped both the coaches' and media polls at Wednesday's SoCon media day in Spartanburg (S.C.).
Furman and Samford, which shared last season's conference title with UTC, finished tied for second in the coaches' poll and were second and third, respectively, according to the media.
"We had a decent year last season and we have a lot coming back, so I figured we would be one of the teams in there somewhere," Mocs coach Russ Huesman said. "Nobody looks at us like we all did Appalachian State and Georgia Southern for years. And I'm sure four or five other teams left media day saying, 'they ain't better than us.'
"You can't hide it from the players. They'll read the paper and know about that kind of stuff, but we haven't arrived yet. We've got to get better and take another step this year as a team."
With 15 returning starters, including two-time Defensive Player of the Year Davis Tull, from last year's team, the Mocs collected 29 of the media members' 30 first-place votes and earned six of the league's eight coaches' first-place votes.
The Mocs also swept the conference preseason individual honors, with two-time All America end Tull being selected Defensive Player of the Year and junior quarterback Jacob Huesman named Offensive Player of the Year.
Huesman, who is on the Walter Payton Award watch list, was joined by running back Keon Williams, lineman Synjen Herren and tight end Faysal Shafaat on the SoCon preseason first-team offense, while Tull was the lone first-team defender for UTC. Four other Mocs -- defensive linemen Derrick Lott and Josh Freeman, sophomore offensive lineman Corey Levin and punter Nick Pollard were named second-team all conference. Furman led all schools with 11 preseason all-conference honorees.
"I'm real happy for all those kids because they've worked hard and deserve the recognition," Coach Huesman said. "We'll congratulate those guys and move on to get ready for the season now.
"I remember a few years ago we didn't have any preseason all conference players so this just shows what a great job our coaches have done in bringing in talent and developing it and we've got a lot of good kids who work to make us better."
Mocs host women's clinic
The Mocs coaching staff will host a women's football clinic Friday at Finley Stadium beginning at 6 p.m., with doors opening at 5:30. Admission is $40 either through pre-registration (www.gomocs.com) or at the door. UTC students, faculty and staff can get in for $25. All attendees receive an official Women's Clinic visor. The clinic includes instruction from the coaching staff, both on the field and in the Finley Stadium Club. Door prizes and other awards will be given throughout the evening and all proceeds benefit the Huesman's Huddle program, which provides free admission to home football games to underprivileged fans.
Contact Stephen Hargis at shargis@timesfreepress.com or 423-757-6293.
NEW YORK (AP) - Ellie Greenwich, who wrote classic pop songs such as "Chapel of Love," "River Deep, Mountain High" and "Be My Baby" with Phil Spector, has died, according to her niece. She was 68.
Greenwich died of a heart attack Wednesday at St. Luke's Roosevelt Hospital, where she had been admitted a few days earlier for treatment of pneumonia, according to her niece, Jessica Weiner.
Greenwich, a member of the Songwriters Hall of Fame, was considered one of pop's most successful songwriters. She had a rich musical partnership with the legendary Spector, whose "wall of sound" technique changed rock music. With Spector, she wrote some of pop's most memorable songs, including "Da Doo Ron Ron." But Spector wasn't her only collaborator.
She also had key hits with her ex-husband Jeff Barry, including the dynamic song "Leader of the Pack" (years later, Broadway would stage a Tony-nominated musical with the same name based on her life).
"He was the first male I could actually harmonize with," she once said.
Greenwich was a native of Brooklyn. While she garnered her greatest success as a songwriter, Greenwich started out as a performer. She performed in talent shows as a child, and by the time she was a teen, she had her own group, called The Jivettes.
She went to college, where she met Barry, and shortly after graduation, began working for songwriters Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller, where she got her break. She had her first chart success with the Jay and the Americans song "This Is It," which she wrote with Doc Pomus and Tony Powers.
She also had success with Barry as the duo The Raindrops with the songs "What a Guy" and "The Kind of Boy You Can't Forget."
Greenwich also worked as an arranger and singer, a role that saw her working with artists including Frank Sinatra and Ella Fitzgerald.
She is also credited with helping Neil Diamond get his start and was a co-producer of early Diamond hits "Cherry, Cherry" and "Kentucky Woman."
Among the more famous songs she wrote are Baby I Love You," "Do Wah Diddy Diddy" and "Look of Love."
Greenwich is survived by a sister, brother-in-law, nephew and her niece.
Copyright © 2009 The Associated Press Read More Listen to Obituary View the Memorial Website
Men's rights activists scored a significant victory in India recently when the Supreme Court essentially identified them as the victims in domestic violence cases. The judges weren't making the law gender neutral, however. They stated that Indian women were filing inaccurate claims of domestic violence.
“Most of such complaints are filed in the heat of the moment over trivial issues,” read the ruling. It went on to state that women were not visualizing the “implications and consequences” of registering a criminal complaint against their abusive husbands. “Uncalled for arrest may ruin the chances of settlement.”
Women's groups are furious at what they see as a regressive judgment that prioritizes extended families and preserving marriages over the rights of the woman. Sixteen groups have sent a memorandum to the chief justice of India, demanding that the ruling should be reversed.
“We are deeply concerned and dismayed that the entire judgment proceeds on the basis that women are liars and file false cases,” read the statement, quoting data by the National Family Health Survey, which found that 1 in 3 women faces mental, physical and verbal domestic violence. “The judgment is part of a backward trend that ... completely overlooks the fact that women are daily recipients of harassment for dowry and of domestic violence.”
Multiple studies have shown that social stigma and insensitive attitudes of police lead women to avoid filing domestic assault charges. According to a decade of data on 1,675 abused women, which was collected by Dilaasa, a crisis intervention center, only 47 percent of women went to the police. A third of those who did not approach the police had faced violence for three to five years, two-thirds had faced violence during pregnancy, and a third had attempted suicide. A quarter also experienced rape and sexual assault with objects.
Violence against women in India gained international attention when a brutal gang rape in the capital in December 2012 ignited protests across the country. Stronger laws on sexual assault and violence against women were introduced.
However, women in India aren't afforded the same protections at home.
“If a stranger [rapes] me, then you are willing to hang him,” said Vrinda Grover, a prominent human rights advocate. “But if the perpetrator is a member of my family, why don't you recognize it as a crime?”
Marital rape is not recognized as a crime in India. Men charged under the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act can be subject to a restraining order, but they do not face jail time. The criminal law that the Supreme Court modified in its recent judgment protects a woman from “mental and physical cruelty” and harassment for dowry. It calls for immediate arrest for those accused of violating the law.
This isn't the first time the law has been questioned by the courts, however. In 2005, a panel of the Supreme Court called women's misuse of the provision “legal terrorism.” In 2014, the court also diluted the protocol for arrests under the law, stating that it was putting “bedridden grandmothers and grandfathers of the husband” in jail. Because it relates to harassment over dowries, elderly parents of the husband also often face charges.
Many of these rulings also openly accused women of overreacting and disrespecting the sanctity of marriage and family.
“The object behind the [law] is to check and curb the menace of dowry and at the same time, to save the matrimonial homes from destruction,” a ruling by the Madras High Court said in 2008. “Arrest of [the in-laws is often] ... made simply to satisfy the ego and anger of the complainant.”
In last week's Supreme Court ruling, the judges found that low conviction rates indicated that most complaints were frivolous. India's men's rights movement has also been using these crime statistics and judicial rulings to assert that the law is an “extortion racket.”
“Seventy-five percent of cases are withdrawn because the women use the charges to extort money,” said Wasif Ali from the Save Family Foundation, a men's rights group that offers counseling and legal assistance to “distressed men” accused under this law and others. “Even of the 15 percent convicted, many would be innocent.”
Ali did not present any data to support his claim.
Women's rights groups, on the other hand, are furious about this interpretation of the low conviction rates.
“This is the worst interpretation of statistics I have read,” said Grover, the human rights advocate. “Low convictions could show very poor investigations, and women may be forced to not take the case forward.”
Women's rights groups also point out that as most of this violence occurs in private spaces, the evidence is difficult to present and convictions even harder to achieve.
“When a woman comes to us, she is very angry — she wants to reclaim her rights and she tells the lawyer to file criminal charges,” said Chaitali Haldar, a coordinator at Jagori, a women's rights group that challenged the court decision. “But she may have no other options for her sustenance, social status and the care of her children, and this pressure builds up.”
The recent ruling also mandates family welfare committees look into all cruelty complaints. No arrests can be made until the committee files a report in a month.
Women's rights groups worry that the committees, made up of people with no criminal or legal expertise, will simply serve as another barrier in an already difficult legal process.
“These committees are extrajudicial bodies of questionable competence and cannot take over the functioning of the police,” said the memorandum of the women's groups, pointing out that preliminary investigations by the police and mediation were already in place to weed out false claims.
Some men's rights advocates are not thrilled with the family welfare committees either, though for entirely different reasons.
“The committee will just be another layer that extorts men and exerts pressure on them,” said Ali from the Save Indian Family Foundation. “Everyone is afraid of women's organizations and only a few brave judges have come out with the truth, but this law needs to be scrapped entirely.”
For now, women's groups and advocates are preparing to challenge the ruling.
“If you commit a traffic violation today, you will be asked to appear before a magistrate. A woman doesn't even have that right,” said Grover, the human rights advocate. “The judgment says that the preservation of families is important, but do you want your families to be built on the edifice of bruised and battered bodies?”
A previous version of this story misstated the nature of the Indian law prohibiting the harassment of women over dowries.
The second McCain aide in as many days has left the campaign over ties to a public relations firm that once represented the Burmese junta.
Doug Davenport, one of McCain's 11 regional campaign managers, quit his post today, a McCain spokeswoman said in response to an inquiry.
"Doug has tendered his resignation and we have accepted it," Jill Hazelbaker wrote in an e-mail.
She said Davenport quit this morning for the same reason that spurred McCain's hand-picked convention manager to resign yesterday: connections to the DCI Group.
As reported yesterday by Newsweek, the Republican-heavy PR firm was on retainer for the repressive regime in Burma in 2002.
Doug Goodyear, who would have been McCain's man at the St. Paul convention, was the target of Michael Isikoff's story.
But the report also put immense pressure on Davenport, who had run DCI's lobbying practice before signing on with McCain last month to run Maryland, Virginia, Delaware, Kentucky and West Virginia for McCain.
"I have long supported John McCain and do not want anything in my past business career - whether properly depicted or not - to distract the Senator's campaign," Davenport said in a statement.
[Updated with Davenport statement]
comments closed
permalink
I thought that a great way to kick of 2013 would be to talk about the genesis of the format, about some of the thoughts and ideas that got the first rocks rolling into the avalanche that it has become. I'll confess that some of my memories about the earliest days are a little fuzzy. It's not like the format EDH has become was a top-down design with a planned-out development. I wasn't taking too many notes along the way. The format developed quite organically, as I think the best things do. The sculpting came later when some great minds like Gavin Duggan's got involved to help codify what we were doing.
As we get further away from when and where things actually happened, the details of exactly what happened in which order get somewhat cloudier, but this is more about the why of things and what I remember as having motivated ideas and changes. In the modern era of the format (let's call that 2007 and forward), things are more well documented. Today, I'll talk about events leading up to and including the big EDH Challenge at Worlds 2004. Down the road (sooner rather than later), we'll talk about some of the formative events and mindsets of the middle and then recent years.
It all started back in Anchorage, Alaska when I was stationed at Elmendorf Air Force Base. I was a part of a great gaming group which included my ex-wife Lisa, David and Ariel Phifer, Adam Staley, Brent Yocum, and Jameson Fisher, among others. We played Magic, we played RPGs, we hit all the nerd culture tropes with startling frequency, gathering at David's "The Place To Be" at a minimum of every Monday night.
One of those Monday nights, the group was already playing this "new format that Staley came up with" when we showed up (although there is some evidence that someone write in an early issue of The Duelist had a similar idea much earlier). I remember taking a quick look at it before playing the latest PlayStation rage, Hot Shots Golf. It wasn't all that unusual for a new Magic format to come across our transom, so I just kind of shrugged and got to the Hot Shots (and probably a movie, which had a reasonably good chance of being "Snatch" since that was what we were always watching at the time). It wasn't until a few weeks later that I eyeballed it a little more closely. The second glance became more significant than the first.
The format—being played by five people, each with one of the Legends Elder Dragons as their general—didn't really have a banned list, but a gentleman's agreement of cards to not play. Back then, the format was true singleton, so even basic lands were one-ofs. The agreement was to play no nonbasic hate (we're talking , not ). That was it. I know that by the time I wrote the original article in August 2004, and the Wishes were already banned, but I don't remember if they made the list right away. I'm pretty sure that nonbasic hate was never formally banned.
The rules set of the time was pretty simple. Decks were exactly 100 cards, including the general. You couldn't generate mana outside your general's colors (not being able to include a card outside your colors was added later). If a general would be exiled (which is a term I'm pretty sure we were using), it would go to the graveyard instead. You started the game with life equal to 200 divided by the number of players in the game (so yes, when you played 1v1, you started at 100). If you took 21 damage (of any kind) from a general, you lost no matter your life total.
We had been playing a fair amount of multiplayer "regular" Magic for a while already, although I don't recall having played too much Singleton. I'm pretty sure that we played with everything being legal in those "regular" games except ante cards. One of my decks (and now I'm not even sure that I had multiple multiplayer decks) featured four s and four s as a method of recurring . What kept us mostly in check was that no one had or was interested in playing Power coupled with relatively small collections. We also didn't put too much effort into it. With FNM and PTQs and other gaming, we only got together for multiplayer stuff every now and again.
Anyway, the first thing that struck me about the format was something that I had been thinking about for some time already: the idea of limitations. We had previously done theme nights ("all the creatures in your deck have to be Goblins" or whatever) and some Pauper tournaments which had been fun, and I really liked the idea of building around a more restrictive set of rules. It seems easy to build something good (or broken) when you have access to everything. When you intentionally limit the card pool, you need to reach deeper into your bag of tricks.
I probably also held the idealistic but unreasonable idea that limitations could keep people from building completely broken decks, fostering a more social atmosphere, which is what I loved about those multiplayer games in the first place. We played many of those social games in a cyber caf called The Cyber Cup, and it was as much about drinking coffee, having laughs, and eating pastries as it was about beating down with . At the time, these were distant, nearly subconscious thoughts, but I'm sure they laid a great deal of the groundwork for the future format.
We talked about the format a fair bit and started planning on expanding it to more than the original five but maintaining the "one general per person" idea. Choices were comparatively limited back then, but there were still more than enough good legends for the dozen or so people in our extended group. The first card I ever suggested banning was . It was clear that at worst, it was always an auto-draw. Indestructible wasn't really a thing, so there weren't too many wins that way, but games were devolving to battles.
Remember that this was a time when the creatures weren't so great so there weren't really too many creature strategies. There certainly weren't any "generate a zillion tokens" strategies. The idea was to get just one or two more creatures into play than anyone else, cast , and attack for lethal whomever you hadn't already killed. I don't think the Alaska group ever actually got around to banning it, but I'm pretty sure it didn't get played in my own group after I left there. It didn't get officially banned until a bit later.
The second thing I suggested was allowing multiple basic lands, an idea that was shouted down and roundly rejected. My parentage may have even come into question. The principles really wanted to stick to the "true singleton" nature of the format, which I appreciated from a philosophical standpoint. The problem that I saw was that you were really at the mercy of your land draws, especially since there weren't as many good land-specific Tutors at the time. There was from Mirage, from Tempest, and a card that has now become a format staple, Skyshroud Claim—but no one was playing it.
We were still in the days before and the original fetchlands came out (which was October 2002), so getting the colors you needed was sometimes difficult. If you weren't in green, you were pretty much out of luck unless you wanted to use to get lands. Even then, it was certainly a challenge to simply find enough lands to fill out your deck. People were playing all sorts of jank just to get to that 37th or 38th one. The cycling lands from Urza's Saga were popular, as were the lairs. We actually thought that the lairs were super tech, especially since you could bounce a cycling land back to your hand.
Even after all the discussions and planning, I never actually played before moving to Virginia in 2003. There were other formats, not to mention other games (including what had become a thoroughly engaging Sunday afternoon RPG) to be played, and talking about the format while doing other things was less time consuming than actually playing. Nonetheless, I was still pretty excited about the idea of the format. After getting settled in, I quickly found a new group of casual players, including Justin Norris, Brian Ponzar, Todd Hughson, and Chuck Weaver. Not long after, I asked if they wanted to try out this interesting format, and they agreed. For a while, we bounced back and forth between EDH and "regular" multiplayer, but soon EDH was all we played.
Right from the start in Virginia, I suggested the basic Land change. Primarily it was because the guys had much, much smaller collections and were even more casual players than the Alaska group. I believe at that point none of them had even been to a PTQ. It felt like they would really struggle to put together enough lands for a cohesive deck, so I ran the idea up the flagpole. They all agreed, and it became the standard for the format.
Folks read about the format in an article I wrote in August 2004. I had already introduced it to a few judges, but the most significant early event in the format's history was the EDH Challenge we ran at Worlds 2004. Both Pete Jahn and I have reports on it in the article archives if you want to check them out.
Post-event, and became the first "miserable to play against" bannings. We were still in a time when comparatively few games had actually been played and many possibilities had yet to be explored, so we hadn't seen much of what could go terribly wrong. With Worldgorger, I wasn't so much against combo (I seem to recall running combo at the time)—I was against easy, early combo. I don't need to tell anyone how bad is.
The next issue I resolved was about the general itself. Even though it determined the colors one could play, it started the game shuffled into the library, so there was no guarantee you'd be able to cast it. I don't recall specifically the moment that it occurred to me to have it start the game in the RFG zone, but in retrospect, I wonder why we didn't think of it even sooner. I had known for a little while that I wanted the general to be more significant than just choosing colors without it going the other way and being too important. The "Rofellos Rule," of the general costing at least six the first time you cast it came from this idea, although that was later changed by just getting rid of .
The Wishes got unbanned here as well. I think it was Duncan McGregor's idea initially, pointing out that exile effects are far more powerful in a singleton format because you don't have the second, third, and fourth copies of a card to fall back on. Unbanning the Wishes and would allow players to get cards that had been "RFG'd" but not allow the silliness of Wish-boarding with binders.
This was also when became my signature deck. I had been playing , which was one of the original five (not to be confused with Battlestar Galactica's Final Five), and I wanted to start beating down with a purple hippo instead. It didn't really change the deck composition much, but since my general change corresponded to the rule change, I certainly ended up casting it far more frequently.
My mindset in the earliest days of the format was far less refined than it is today. I didn't have the benefit of the experience that all these years shepherding EDH have given me. I also didn't have the benefit of some giant Magic brains like we now do on the RC. I had a loosely defined idea of how I wanted to shape things, which was nothing like the finely honed philosophy we have today. I hope this has been an interesting look into those ancient days. Soon enough, we'll explore the middle years and EDH's meteoric rise.
If you're reading a book late at night on your phone or tablet, being able to set the interface to night mode is essential. Dimming the screen to black and reversing the user interface elements and text out of that background is much easier on the eyes in a darkened room, and easier on relationships, too, if your partner is trying to sleep next to you. I use this all the time in both Kindle and iBooks (the latter, by the way, is my preferred reading app because of the former's eye-gouging use of justified text — how do people read in that app?!).
But if you're reading your email, Instapaper, Twitter, your RSS client, or just about anything on your mobile device, there's no night mode. In fact, outside of these book reader apps, I can't think of another app that acknowledges the fact that sometimes users open devices in dimly lit environments, and that an interface with a single level of brightness may not apply to every situation.
Dim the House Lights
I'll go even further and say that I believe it's not just individual developers who are remiss here, but the operating system vendors themselves. There should be a globally available night mode option embedded into iOS, Android, etc., and that makes this concept a central tenet of mobile app design. Few things strike me as more integrally mobile than software that allows its hardware to respond to its environment, much as GPS chips and accelerometers do. The iPhone clearly has the ability to detect ambient light and adjust its screen automatically, which is helpful, but it does relatively little with this use case.
Right: iBooks' night mode theme.
Apple should offer an API that lets developers specify a night mode interface for their apps, and that mode should be available from a system-wide switch. So instead of turning iBooks or Kindle to night mode individually, one flip of that switch would turn the whole device to night mode. In the beginning, of course, not every app will support this, but if Apple provides dim-light versions of the home screen, Mail, Messages, iTunes, Settings and other essential apps, that in itself would be a huge boon.
To some extent, this functionality exists already. Included among iOS's accessibility controls is a switch that will allow you to invert the colors of the screen globally, turning everything dark to light and vice versa. It's not a bad approximation of a true night mode, but it's somewhat kludgy.
What would be even better is a setting with truer sensitivity to the user's environment. I thought of this when I saw that the f.lux utility was recently upgraded after a long interregnum. F.lux adjusts the color temperature of your Mac, Windows or Unix desktop to match the ambient light in your environment, adapting to the cooler light of morning and the warmer light of the evening so that the screen you're looking at feels like what's around you.
I don't use it myself, partly because as a designer the idea of messing with color temperature in so variable a way seems anathema to working with color. But it's also true that since the advent of the iPhone and iPad I have little use for my laptop and desktop in low light situations — I don't need this functionality in OS X, I need it in iOS. Everyone I know who uses f.lux, is a huge fan of it; I suspect similar functionality on iOS would be even more enthusiastically received.
Correction: folks point out that there are in fact a number of reading apps that have night mode, including Instapaper, Pocket, and at least one Twitter client, Twitterific. Still, I'd like to see more, and see OS-level support for it.
+
In a hashtag chat with DC Comics, writers Jimmy Palmiotti and Amanda Conner confirmed that Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy are totally a thing.
When Harley falls in love, she falls in love hard and loyally no matter who they are. @jpalmiotti #HarleyQuinnChat https://t.co/c2NF6qJ5xf — DC Comics (@DCComics) June 12, 2015
Judging by the tweets, no, they aren't just gal pals (sorry Hollywood), but they're together. And it's absolutely futzin' sweet. It's nice to see that they aren't just dodging the question or ignoring it altogether. The moment fan/headcanon becomes “real canon,” it's nice. This is one of those moments.
(via Kotaku, e-mail tipster)
—Please make note of The Mary Sue's general comment policy.—
Do you follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
With the exception of humans, the mountain lion has the largest range of any terrestrial mammal in the Western Hemisphere, from northern British Columbia to Argentina. They live in a variety of habitats, at home in forests, prairies, deserts, and swamps—they are very adaptable cats! Mountain lions are solitary cats, except during breeding or when a mother is caring for her young (cubs). But that doesn't mean they don't have any contact with one another.
The cats live in home ranges that vary in size from 30 to 125 square miles (7,770 to 32,375 hectares). These ranges overlap, so the cats share some parts. The home range of males tends to be the largest and overlap the smaller ranges of several females. Mountain lions find shelter to rest or get away from bad weather in thick brush, rocky crevices, or caves, which might be anywhere in their home range.
The cats may actually see each other once in awhile, but mostly they leave "messages" with feces, urine, scratched logs, or marks they scrape out in the dirt or snow. Mountain lions can also growl, hiss, mew, yowl, squeak, spit, and purr to get their message across with other cats, and they are known for a short, high-pitched scream and a whistle-like call. Even though we hear it a lot in movies and on TV, mountain lions don't make that "wild cat scream" very often.
Mountain lions are powerfully built, with large paws and sharp claws. Their hind legs are larger and more muscular than their front legs to give them great jumping power. Mountain lions can jump 18 feet (5.5 meters) from the ground into a tree, and they have been known to jump 20 feet (6.1 meters) up or down a hillside. That's the height of many two-story buildings.They can also run fast and have a flexible spine like a cheetah's to help them maneuver around obstacles and change direction quickly.
Even so, mountain lions are mostly ambush hunters, launching at prey to knock it off balance. They have especially keen eyesight, and they usually find prey by seeing it move. These cats may be on the prowl during the day or at night, but they are most active at dusk and dawn.
Mountain lions hunt over a large area, and it can take a week for one to travel all the way around its home range. They eat a variety of prey depending on where they live, including deer, pigs, capybaras, raccoons, armadillos, hares, and squirrels. Some larger cats even bring down animals as big as an elk or a moose. But hunting these larger animals brings risk to the cats, and many mountain lions suffer life-threatening injuries received from a hunt, especially from a prey's sharp horns, antlers, or hooves. Mountain lions often bury part of their kill to save for a later meal, hiding the food with leaves, grass, dirt, or even snow, depending on the habitat and time of year.
At the San Diego Zoo, mountain lions are fed a ground-meat diet made for zoo carnivores, large bones, and sometimes parts of carcasses.
I'm building up my collection: Neil Brittlebank uses the bricks to make pathways and walls (Picture: Guzelian)
Some people collect stamps, others coins and trainspotters have to accumulate engine numbers – but have you ever heard of anyone collecting bricks?
For over two decades, Neil Brittlebank has travelled the length and breadth of Britain amassing a batch of rare bricks.
He even convinced his daughter, Gail, to carry a brick she found while on holiday in France around in her backpack so he could add it to his collection.
And each of his 1,000 blocks has a story to tell, says the 78-year-old.
‘I just think it's a shame not to preserve them, they are part of our history,' said Mr Brittlebank, whose oldest brick dates back to 1892.
He scours demolition sites, disused buildings and hedgerows to seek out bricks for his pile.
‘I have one which is rather rare, in that it should say Ackrington Iron on it. But what it actually says is Ackrington Nori,' said the father-of-two.
What's the point? Neil Brittlebank has more than 1,000 bricks in his collection (Picture: Guzelian)
The retired mine safety worker's love of bricks started in 1990, when he heard his old pit, Lofthouse Colliery, in west Yorkshire, was going to be demolished to make way for a country park.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘I could see all these old bricks lying around and asked a man working on the redevelopment what was going to happen to them,' said Mr Brittlebank.
‘He said they were going to be crushed and I thought it was a shame, so I asked if I could have some – the collection started from there,' he said.
Rather than clog up his home in East Ardsley, near Leeds, with his collection, Mr Brittlebank has used the bricks to build a garden path and driveway.
At least it means long-suffering wife, Maureen, doesn't have to clean his haul.
But if she objects to her husband's obsession, it seems, some of their neighbours encourage it.
‘People leave them for me, sometimes,' said Mr Brittlebank. ‘I open the door and find bricks on the doorstep.'
Shifting infielders around in order to exploit the predictable tendencies of opposing batters is not new in baseball. Ted Williams's hitting prowess was a famous intended victim of infield rearrangement, although it's even older than that. Defensive shifting, however, is becoming more and more integrated into the managerial game plans across baseball. And it is no longer just powerful pull hitters, such as David Ortiz and Ryan Howard, who are shifted against. In Ben Lindbergh's series about bunting to beat the shift, he writes that infielders are repositioning even when unthreatening hitters such as Ryan Flaherty are at bat. It is understandable. In an environment saturated with information, it makes sense to use any obtainable advantage that might help a team win.
This is where you might expect me to say that the Rockies are not shifting as much as other teams, that not doing so puts them at a disadvantage, and that they should do it more. The first part of that sentence is true. In 2013, the Rockies were in the bottom third of teams in terms of number of times the infield shift was on. The second part, at least in 2013, is false. I demonstrate below that despite a lack of shifting, Rockies pitchers were among the best in the league at inducing groundballs and turning them into outs before they could leave the infield. Finally, I suggest that, yes, the Rockies could benefit from shifting more, but only because it could possibly improve upon an already good situation.
In late February, Jeff Zimmerman of the Hardball Times released shift data for all 30 teams in 2013 (provided by Inside Edge). The figures indicate how many times each team used the infield shift, the opponent's batting average on balls in play (BABIP) with the shift on, and their BABIP without it. In a follow-up, Chris Teeter at Beyond the Box Score estimated how many runs each team saved by employing an infield shift. Combined, we have an idea not only of how often a team used the shift, but how effective it was.
Unsurprisingly, the Rockies were in the bottom third of the league in terms of number of times they used the shift, at 119. Additionally, the opposing hitter's BABIP was actually higher when the Rockies used the shift (.345) than when they did not (.321). According to Teeter's analysis, the Rockies cost themselves about two runs in 2013 because of ineffective use of the shift. Although those runs and the discrepancy between BABIP with and without the shift might very well be a product of home runs or extra base hits into an outfield gap. In other words, balls that no shift can prevent. Even if we attribute them to poor shifting, the number of runs allowed is marginal because of the small sample size. But we're really concerned with the number of times the Rockies shifted, so in this case the small sample is the evidence.
We know that the Rockies did not shift the infield very often, but it is worth showing that there may be a good reason for the lack of shifting. It's quite possible that shifting wouldn't appreciably contribute to more outs, and that the team is successful without it. This has to do with the type of pitchers the Rockies like to employ, as well as the infield defense behind those pitchers. Bill Geivett recently talked with FanGraphs' David Laurila about the Rockies team philosophy when it comes to identifying pitchers. Geivett stated explicitly what had long been assumed: the Rockies target groundball pitchers that induce a lot of contact. That is the reason the team was high on Brett Anderson. Even more recently, Juan Pablo Zubillaga, in these digital pages, demonstrated quantitatively that home run prevention is the most desirable skill while pitching at Coors Field. He compellingly argued that targeting groundball pitchers and not worrying about high strikeout rates is a sound strategy that may very well payoff in the near future. The Rockies have done a fine job securing ground ball pitchers, and they in turn have been successful in pitching to their type. In 2013, the Rockies were third in the league in ground ball percentage, at 48.6 percent, behind only the St. Louis Cardinals (49.7 percent) and the Pittsburgh Pirates (53.5 percent).
With so many ground balls induced, it might be expected that the Rockies hurt themselves by not employing the shift. But in 2013, that wasn't the case. I'm focusing on groundballs only and ignoring line drives and fly balls for two reasons. On the one hand, line drives almost always land for hits, and they generally do so by leaving the infield, not staying in it. The league batting average online drives last year was .683. On the other hand, fly balls tend to be either outs or home runs. The league hit .192 on fly balls last year, but if home runs are discounted, that batting average plummets to .103. For these reasons, groundballs are the batted ball type that infield shifts are mostly designed to cover.
In 2013, the Rockies were quite good at turning ground balls into outs. The batting average against all Rockies pitchers on groundballs was .223, tied with the Padres for sixth best in the league. Additionally, league average batting average on groundballs was .253, so the Rockies were above average in turning groundballs into outs despite not shifting very much, and despite inducing the second most groundballs in all baseball. You can investigate the top ten in the graph below. Plate appearances (PA) indicates how many groundballs were hit into play.
Batting Average against on Groundballs PA AVG 1. Los Angeles Dodgers 1,958 .210 2. Atlanta Braves 1,929 .214 3. Pittsburgh Pirates 2,204 .215 4. Baltimore Orioles 1,857 .215 5. Cincinnati Reds 1,849 .215 6. San Diego Padres 1,983 .223 7. Colorado Rockies 2,147 .223 8. San Francisco Giants 1,782 .225 9. Chicago Cubs 1,812 .225 10. Tampa Bay Rays 1,878 .226
The only team that induced more groundballs than the Rockies was the Pittsburgh Pirates, and they also had a very good success rate in turning those groundballs into outs. Their achievement, however, might have been due to the shift. Zimmerman indicates that the Pirates shifted 422 times in 2013, which was fourth most in all baseball, and Teeter estimates that those shifts saved roughly three runs throughout the year. I do think that shifting contributed to the Pirates success, but I don't think that shifting is a necessary component of success for all teams. The Rockies 2013 season is evidence of that.
A great deal of the credit has to be given to the Rockies infield. Fifty eight percent of the groundballs hit against the Rockies in 2013 were by right-handers—1,249 out of 2,147 groundballs. Of those, about 55 percent were pulled to the left side of the infield, toward two excellent defenders in Nolan Arenado and Troy Tulowitzki (in addition to others who had less playing time). The batting average against on such balls in play was just .214 last year. When right-handers went the opposite way, toward the Todd Helton/Michael Cuddyer and D.J. LaMahieu/Josh Rutledge collective, they hit .259 against the Rockies. Although that sample is much smaller, as just 15 percent of ground balls in play by right handers went to the opposite field. Left handers also pulled the ball more often and showed a similar split. Sixteen percent of the time, lefties hit the ball to the opposite field toward Arenado and Tulowitzki, resulting in a .264 batting average. But when left-handers pulled groundballs toward the first and second basemen, which they did 53 percent of the time, they hit just .159. It is to be expected that balls hit up the middle by both right handers and left handers resulted in a hit more often; the middle of the infield, after all, is usually unoccupied. Indeed, the league's batting average is higher when hitting groundballs up the middle, .272. Even in this area though, the Rockies outperformed the league, as opposing batters hit .262 against the Rockies for groundballs up the middle. This is also where the Pirates shined, as the batting average against for groundballs up the middle was just .213 last season, which was best in all baseball.
The minimal shifts that the Rockies deployed last year seem to have been successful. I'm guessing that the Rockies used it in more traditional situations. For example, this past weekend the Rockies shifted against Ryan Howard, a powerful left-hander. Not very many pulled groundballs by left-handers made it through the right side of the infield, if that was due to the shift, then the higher batting average to the left side of the infield might also have been a product of it. However, the outs are far greater than the hits; it's an easy exchange for the Rockies to make. If the team chose to implement the infield shift more frequently, the target should be the middle of the infield. I'm not sure what types of shifts the Pirates used last year to limit hits on groundballs hit toward the middle of the infield in 2013, but whatever it was, it might be worth mimicking. But the Rockies should do so only as long as it doesn't disrupt what is already a successful rate of turning balls in play into outs.
The trend from 2013 is continuing this season. Through Tuesday, the Rockies have the best groundball rate in all baseball, at 53 percent, and according to Baseball Info Solutions, they have only shifted eight times this year, the fewest in the league. Yet, the Rockies also lead the league in batting average against on groundballs, which sits at a pretty .191. While it's still April, this isn't a case of a small sample size, as Rockies pitchers have already faced 804 batters. For comparison, the league average groundball rate is 47% so far this year, and the league is hitting .235 on groundballs. Both are very close to the averages in 2013, so the league has probably already stabilized, which makes the Rockies success in this area even more remarkable.
The Rockies run prevention philosophy, which accounts for the relationship between pitching and defense, is working. What is striking is that the defensive component of that philosophy all but ignores defensive shifting. I still maintain that a correct implementation of the shift could make the Rockies infield defense even better. For instance, the Rockies are benefiting from excellent defenders. I showed above how good the Pirates infield defense was last year, but it must be noted that they did so while fielding inferior defenders. The Rockies enjoyed Arenado and Tulowitkzi on the left side of the infield last year, while the Pirates played Pedro Alvarez at third base next to either Clint Barmes or Jordey Mercer. Shifting could make a good thing better, but that does not blemish the success the team is having in turning groundballs into outs. So if you happen by a graph or chart that identifies the Rockies as one of the least shifty teams in baseball, I don't see any reason to disapprove.
That doesn't mean there aren't issues to be solved. After all, the Rockies finished last in the National League West in 2013. Part of the problem can be found on the other end of the batted ball spectrum, as the Rockies were among the worst in the league in turning fly balls into outs last season. The chart below shows that the Rockies were among the best teams in the league in inducing groundballs, but the total batting average against was among the worst in the league–this despite having one of the best rates at turning groundballs into outs.
Now take a look at the image below, which charts groundball percentage and total batting average against for the 2014 season so far. It might be hard to find the Rockies logo, as they and the Pirates currently occupy the same plot.
The Rockies so far have improved in some important areas. They are inducing even more groundballs in 2014 compared to 2013, the opponent's batting average against is even lower than last year when the team was among the best in the league, and so far this success is having a greater impact on the opponent's overall batting average against–and all practically without shifting. Perhaps the chief takeaway from all of this is that these successes don't appear to be short term, but are rather glimpses of accomplishments to come.
Editor's Note: Some additional 2014 data and analysis was added to this article after it was published. Thanks to David Schoenfield for additional assistance in securing shift data from the 2014 season.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. Mike Segar/Reuters Amazon just reported its 2016 first-quarter earnings on Thursday after the bell.
It's a huge beat across the board, and the stock is up 12% in after-hours.
Here are the most important numbers:
Amazon, known for investing in growth at a loss, swung to its fourth consecutive profitable quarter, reporting $513 million in net income. That's the largest profit ever for the company, and a huge jump from the $57 million loss it recorded last year.
AWS, its cloud business, drove the growth, seeing a 64% year-over-year revenue increase this quarter. AWS is now the most profitable business at Amazon, surpassing its North American retail business' operating profit of $588 million.
Amazon gave revenue guidance in the range of $28 billion to $30.5 billion for the second quarter, which at its midpoint is higher than street estimates of $28.3 billion. Operating income is expected to range in between $375 million and $975 million next quarter.
CEO Jeff Bezos noted in a statement that the Fire tablets doubled their sales compared to last year. He also added that Amazon's struggling to keep Echo in stock because of high demand. Amazon doesn't disclose sales figures for individual hardware products.
Shipping costs grew to $3.3 billion, up 42% from the same quarter last year. That's the highest year-over-year growth rate it's seen in over a year. Amazon's rising shipping cost has been a concern for investors, and the company has been rumored to be building its own logistics network to handle delivery on its own.
Amazon was one of the best-performing stocks last year, nearly doubling its market value in 2015. Although it's still reporting tiny profits, it passed $100 billion in annual revenue for the first time last year.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Nobody thinks more highly of himself than Donald Trump, so it has to hurt to learn that Americans are turned off by all he touches.
MSNBC's Kyle Griffin tweeted the painful news:
Nearly 50%of Americans are less likely to use a product endorsed by Trump. 29% would actively boycott that product: https://t.co/39XqY79xYG pic.twitter.com/U8DQfuL67w — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) April 10, 2017
This is sort of the opposite of a Midas touch, where all Trump touches would turn to gold. That is no doubt what he had hoped for. Melania has already made public her desire to cash-in on her husband's presidency. Unfortunately for the guy who claims to be the world's best businessman, all he touches would appear to turn to dross instead.
As NBC News reports,
When Donald Trump won the Oval Office, critics worried he would use his elevated stature to enhance his personal power to pick winners and losers by endorsing products. But new consumer survey data from Simmons Research suggest the Trump presidency may be having the opposite effect on the Trump brand.
Republicans might claim in response that Democrats are largely responsible for the numbers that show 78 percent of Americans say they would not use, or even boycott, a product endorsed by Donald Trump.
However, even 34 percent of Republicans would not use, or even boycott a product endorsed by Trump while only 31 percent say they would be more likely to use that product.
Trump is no more fortunate where Independents are concerned, with overwhelming numbers expressing their disapproval of Trump-endorsed products.
According to Simmons scientist Steven Millman, “A strong association between Trump and a brand is likely to be damaging to the brand, unless its consumers are strong conservative.”
Trump, of course, will no doubt call “fake news” on any such polling. However, given the uniquely for-profit nature of his presidency, claims of fake news will not protect him from the impact on his pocketbook – or the profit margins of companies unfortunate enough to find themselves favorites of Donald Trump.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
1. The Best Battles Between Professional Skateboarders
There was a time before the Internet reigned king when someone who had a problem with someone else would call that person out to his face. Sometimes, if neither man was willing to mince words or back down, the two might get into what's known as a fight. It's a lot like Twitter Beef only instead of 140 characters of cleverly mocking the other person, you would just try to shove your fist through the other person's head so you could pull out his brainstem. These were dark, brutish times where things were handled by men and the stronger man usually won. Some of the battles are pretty infamous, having been chronicled on video or in a magazine, but some managed to get covered up or otherwise forgotten when the two parties let their tempers cool and talked out their discrepancies like adults. No one's going to write this article because despite the subject matter being endlessly entertaining, it can also be sort of embarrassing for the parties involved.
2. Pros Who Are Nightmares to Work With
Don't meet your heroes. Ever heard that one? For the most part, it's true. You grow up idolizing certain people and then the day comes when you meet them, or worse you have to work with them, and guess what? You find out that your hero is a flawed person just like you and everyone else on planet earth. He might even be kind of a dick. After years of riding a toy for a living and getting a lot of shit given to him for free, his grasp on reality might be a little tenuous. Go fucking figure. Not everyone is like this, mind you. There are certain guys you meet and they'll surprise you at what solid, normal human beings they are. But yeah, you're going to find some turds baking in the sand. I heard a story about a very popular pro who—when he was designing his pro shoe—sent the sample back to the company and it was covered in his jizz. That was his comment on the design. Jizz. Dried cum all over the shoe that was going to have his name on it. It might be a bullshit rumor, but I know skaters some photographers refuse to shoot because they're such pains in the ass to deal with. Skateboarding has a process of weeding a lot of these guys out in the early stages, in tour vans or through the flow tryout process, but some guys slip through the cracks or kind of grow into their own brand of nightmare after making a name for themselves and letting the hype get to their head.
3. “Dear Skateboarding, I'm gay.”
The topic of homosexuals and gender identity in skateboarding has become somewhat of a hot button issue in the past year or so. King Shit interviewed Hillary Thompson, a transgender skateboarder, and Sam Mcguire has a great article about her as well, but so far no established professional or amateur has come forward to champion their same-sex preferences. The simple fact is that there have been and are currently gay professional skateboarders, it's just not something anyone really cares to have as his or her banner descriptor. People want to be known for their talent and hard work and who they happen to be attracted to shouldn't factor into that. It would also open them up to a lot of stupid jokes because like it or not, skateboarders can, and tend to be pretty immature. It's what keeps us young. And celibate.
4. Inside the Sweatshop of Your Favorite Shoe Company
In all reality your shoes–whatever the brand–are probably made by a little brown or yellow person in some shitty factory for pennies a day. It's how capitalism is set up. The company makes as good of a product it can for the least cost to them so they can sell it to the consumer for an inflated, yet affordable price and make the most profit. Considering your phone is made in a complex where they have nets inside the building to prevent suicides, don't even think about your shoes. No one wants to be reminded of this, and the shoe companies are seemingly the only ones with any money allotted to advertise, so this one will stay on the back burner for pretty much forever.
5. How the Fuck Did You Turn Pro?
Some people will always make some noise when an Am they haven't been following all that closely turns Pro. “It's too soon! They haven't earned it yet!” they say. But companies know what they're doing. They've been doing it a long time and know to strike when the iron's hot in terms of putting out a new board. But lately there's been some head scratchers. Like, Forrest Edwards is pro now, you know what I mean? It's not a question of talent, because he has that in spades, it's just kind of odd when you go from being that guy who gets some shit for free from the sales rep from time to time to having your name on a board that's hanging in skate shops around the world.
6. “We Did This Article For the Money”
Like it or not, ad dollars are what keep the magazines in business. While you're writing a lengthy tirade against the new energy drink or hair dye ad in the latest issue of your favorite magazine for your pals, the guys working at those magazines are just happy that someone still wants to pay good money for a print ad. Most of the “cool” companies don't have a lot of money to spend for print, so they pretty much only go with one magazine a month, which is why mags are as thin as they are. If brand X is advertising 12 months out of the year, chances are they want you to feature their riders fairly often. While this happens a lot, pretty much no one is going to admit that in the article. “Yeah, we know we got some bo-bo riders in this article, but they paid cash and we needed the money, so just bear with us, okay!” If you don't like it, start your own company and advertise so magazines can have more leeway to be more discerning about what goes in each issue.
7. “The Most Boring Man in Skateboarding”
One thing I worry about with skateboarding continually trying to appeal to this broader outside market is that we're watering ourselves down and aren't really attracting the kind of hairball wildmen that used to fill our ranks. Sure, we're getting more and more talented people going bigger and more technical all the time, but what a lot of them have in skill they lack in personality. Case in point, we have a lot of interviews where people are described as being really “nice” guys. Nice is often a keyword for boring. You literally have nothing else to say about the guy other than he's basically not that bad of a person. It's like your friends band who you routinely go see live despite them not being all that great, because the members are just such nice guys. I'm not talking about genuinely kind or positive people either. Like Theotis Beasley grew up in a fucked up neighborhood and could have easily gotten caught up and lost to the streets and instead ended up literally one of the nicest people on the planet. That's interesting. That's unique. I'm talking about the guys who just have nothing fucking going on in their heads or lives worth talking about. Oh you drive a Nissan? That's really neat. You are really into text messaging? Awesome. You pay your taxes on time and have pot roast on Thursdays? I want to hold your family hostage just so you have a story to tell next time you're interviewed, you're boring son of a bitch.
Don't get me wrong, it's great that skateboarding appeals to the well adjusted teens who aren't growing up with meth labs in their basements, but we used to be a place where those kids with fucked up parents flocked and sought haven and you know what? They kept shit interesting and fun, and they kept skateboarding a little on the fringe where it belongs. But yeah, no one wants to dog on the nice guys because they're just that, really nice. They are good dads, they skate well, they own property. They play the game and show the logos when they're on TV doing their interviews, reciting the “I fought hard, he fought hard, in the end there had to be a winner and I lucked out,” sports journalism stock response that makes me die a little inside every time I realize that it's a skateboarder talking and not a football player. So yeah, no one's going to name names and say, that dude is one boring motherfucker, because you're going to run into him again and you're going to say, “Why did I do that, that guy is SO nice!”
8. The Worst Things Ever Said in Interviews
There have been some gems over the years, and a lot of them are hard to live down. Just this year, for instance, Nyjah said skateboarding isn't for girls, then quickly took to Twitter and elsewhere to recant and rephrase the statement, even though those were his words. People say some dumb shit from time to time and most interviews are pretty lighthearted so you're probably not considering that anything all too serious is going to be said until it's already said and it's in print and then you remember, oh yeah, that was a stupid thing to say. Corey Duffel almost got his ass kicked and blacklisted from skateboarding for some poorly chosen words. So while an article featuring some particularly terrible soundbites or quotes from interviews past might be great to get the web world aflutter, it might be in poor taste to reopen old wounds. Let sleeping dogs lie, or you know, don't. Web hits, man. Web hits.
9. Five Pros Who Should Have Already Retired
This one's obvious. It's just mean and there's no reason to give any of the older guys a complex about what they may or may not have already considered many many times during their career. I for one am in favor of certain people “milking” it. If you were a pro in the 90s who got paid shit and you've stuck with skateboarding this long and somehow managed to keep your name on a board, I say you deserve today's checks. Unless you don't skate anymore, then, you know, fuck off. But yeah, people will groan that so and so hasn't put out a video part in however many years, or that younger kids are killing it harder, but I don't really care. There's plenty of time for the new class to “get theres,” let's allow the guys who paved the way to actually make a decent living by skateboarding enjoy their golden years and keep their boards in stock.
10. The New Plan B Video is Out
Just kidding, but seriously. Your favorite pro will come out of the closet sooner than this video.
Wisconsin school teachers would have to promote abstinence and marriage over contraception in sex education classes, under a controversial bill passed by the state Senate on Wednesday night.
The Republican-backed legislation was passed 17-15 on party lines and will now head to the GOP-dominated state Assembly -- possibly as early as Thursday, the Wisconsin State Journal reported.
Democrats slammed the bill during floor debate, saying it would not give children the information needed to make responsible choices.
A state law was passed last year by Democrats, requiring schools that offer sex education to include information on contraception methods.
The new GOP-backed legislation would not ban teachers from discussing contraceptives, but would demand they stress abstaining from sex the only reliable way to avoid sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies.
"We are trying to back away from the bill passed last year that we feel mandated sex ed that was too nonjudgmental, too explicit and at too young an age," said Republican state Sen. Glenn Grothman.
Democratic counterpart Sen. Jon Erpenbach said Wisconsin was "taking a step back to the Flintstone era" with the legislation.
Geocaching is a worldwide outdoor treasure hunt game in which you have to locate and find hidden tokens by using a GPS receiver. Not only is this game a good way of discovering new places, it may also contain real brain teasers if you have to solve puzzles to find the right coordinates. I have been enjoying this activity since nearly 8 months now, and have already discovered more than 100 geocaches in 11 different countries.
Unfortunately, the biggest geocaches database is located on the geocaching.com web site. This site does not offer any API letting you access your own data, let alone information on geocaches. If you happen to be a paying member (as I do), you can generate what they call pocket queries: those are database runs, triggered manually or at scheduled times, listing basic geocaches information for a limited area or around a given path. Those pocket queries must then be transferred to your GPS device or your smartphone. When you want to log the fact that you have discovered a cache and let a comment to the geocache owner, you have to once again log onto the web site and do it manually. The terms of use prohibit you from using any robot to automate those tasks.
A SOAP API exists, but its access is reserved to trusted partners (read: paying partners who themselves charge a recurring fee to their users). An official Android application has been developped by Groundspeak, the owner of geocaching.com, but it is priced much higher than typical Android applications and has much fewer features than c:geo, a wonderful rogue application which scrapes the geocaching.com web pages on your behalf. Also, since it parses HTML page in order to extract the needed information, c:geo needs to be updated each time the web page presentation gets changed.
This excellent post from Scot Hacker's Foobar Blog hits the nail on the head, and what was written in 2008 is still valid in 2011:
This blew my mind. The culture of the site is so web 1.0 that a basic question about interoperability was met with distrust. Not only is geocaching.com lacking the technology it needs to enter the web 2.0 world, it's lacking the culture needed to support it. In 2008, interoperability between sites needs to be encouraged, not discouraged. Sad that geocaching.com's traditional closed-ness has created this kind of culture.
[…]
The irony is that geocaching.com relies so heavily on the open APIs provided by Google and other mapping services, but provides no open-ness back to the web in return. Imagine using geocaching.com without the map mashups integration – it would be nearly impossible. One would think that the folks at geocaching.com would see their own mashups as an example of the great ideas that bloom when datasets and APIs are open and shared.
But the world of geocaching may be changing soon: Garmin, the well-known GPS receiver maker, recently announced the launch of opencaching.com. I hope that many geocachers will register their caches and their finds on this site, and that many applications will take advantage of their publicly usable API. On Android, Cache Me seems to be the first application using opencaching.com data. I hope that c:geo will soon be able to use those liberated bits as well.
Radio ads on three stations start Tuesday, featuring the voices of Airbnb hosts, who cite the need for help with their mortgages in Toronto's pricey housing market.
Airbnb is launching a marketing campaign underscoring an image of its Toronto hosts as regular people supplementing their income from the occasional rental of their homes.
“Airbnb helps Toronto residents earn a few extra thousand dollars a year to cover expenses. . . We're glad we can help Toronto families make a little extra money,” concludes the ad's voiceover.
TV, transit and digital promotions will follow in the run-up to the city's anticipated discussion of short-term rental regulations this spring or summer, said Alex Dagg, the company's Canadian policy lead.
The hosts in the ads are real and their stories about how Airbnb helps them make ends meet should be heard, she said.
A Friday report from Fairbnb, a group organized by the hotel workers union that is pushing for the regulation of home sharing, says Airbnb accounts for 85 per cent of listings in the city, most of which are downtown. More than half of Airbnb revenue is collected by only 16 per cent of its hosts, said the report.
The pitch counters criticism that Airbnb is less about hosts sharing their primary residences than it is about business for a few individuals behind a disproportionate number of rental listings.
It says Airbnb is effectively turning condo buildings into unaccountable hotels and cutting into the city's supply of traditional rentals.
Fairbnb uses “scraped data which is not reliable. It's based on available listings only and really doesn't tell the true story,” said Dagg.
“We have just under 10,000 hosts in Toronto. Eighty-one per cent are sharing their primary residence only. The typical host is earning slightly under $5,000 a year,” she said, adding that the company shares its data regularly with the city.
“Sometimes it can look like multiple listings in their primary residence because they may share one bedroom, which will be one listing, a second bedroom which would be another listing,” said Dagg.
Hosts set the rate for their own listings. Airbnb takes 3 per cent of the rental fee.
“Typically, it's people like teachers who may not work in the summer, who travel and share their home when they're away. We have a number of flight attendants who share their home when they're not there,” said Dagg. “It just provides modest and supplemental income for thousands of families in Toronto.”
Mable Chu, who will be featured in one of Airbnb's TV spots, rents out rooms in her five-bedroom home near Bathurst and Bloor streets.
The income she charges — about $49 a night or about $1,100 a month — is helping pay for a pricey renovation, she said on Monday. An accountant, Chu says she looks at the expense as an investment, but nevertheless found that, “at the end of the day, we were a little strapped.”
She said she only rents about half the time. Sometimes her children need the space and sometimes she wants a break. But Chu describes her Airbnb guests as friends, who join her family for meals and activities.
“We're sharing a common space. I'm not their mother but it's nice to know what their agenda is. Is there anything I can do? Do they want to go sightseeing? I can show them how to get to Niagara Falls. Do they want to get downtown?” she said.
She has taken guests from Spain to look at college programs, a longer-term renter from the Netherlands, who was working in Toronto on a PhD, tutored her daughter.
“I'm not a business and I don't want to be in business. I'm just doing this to earn a little bit of extra income,” she said.
Jackson Hole Expenses February, '81 Cal Diller ... 71.25 Cowboy Steak House 24 M/M 26 Mexican 60 Lift Tickets 13.50 Pizza ------- CAL Bill Pooley ... 48 * 3 Lift Tickets 14.04 Breakfast 368.16 Room 29.31 Drinks ------- BILL Ward Cunningham ... 14.73 Gas 14.2 13.86 17 14.5 13.76 ------- GAS Total Gas 15 Blue Lion 48 Lift 30.55 Anthonys 69.24 Alpenhof GAS Total Gas ------- WARD Total Shared Expenses ... CAL Cal Diller BILL Bill Pooley WARD Ward Cunningham ------- TOTAL / 3 ------- SHARE Individual Balances ... BILL Bill's Expenses SHARE DB ------- SUM 3.86 Telephone, Cal 6.01 Telephone, Ward ------- DB Due Bill CAL Cal's Expenses SHARE DB ------- SUM 3.86 DB Telephone ------- DC Due Cal WARD Ward's Expenses SHARE DB ------- SUM 6.01 DB Telephone ------- DW Due Ward Doublechecking ... DB DC DW ------- ERROR Unaccounted Funds Jackson Hole Expenses February, '81 Cal Diller ... 71.25 Cowboy Steak House 24.00 M/M 26.00 Mexican 60.00 Lift Tickets 13.50 Pizza ------- 194.75 Bill Pooley ... 48.00 * 3 Lift Tickets 14.04 Breakfast 368.16 Room 29.31 Drinks ------- 555.51 Ward Cunningham ... 14.73 Gas 14.20 13.86 17.00 14.50 13.76 ------- 88.05 Total Gas 15.00 Blue Lion 48.00 Lift 30.55 Anthonys 69.24 Alpenhof 88.05 Total Gas ------- 250.84 Total Shared Expenses ... 194.75 Cal Diller 555.51 Bill Pooley 250.84 Ward Cunningham ------- 1001.10 / 3 ------- 333.70 Individual Share Individual Balances ... 555.51 Bill's Expenses 333.70 DB ------- 221.81 3.86 Telephone, Cal 6.01 Telephone, Ward ------- 231.68 Due Bill 194.75 Cal's Expenses 333.70 DB ------- -138.95 3.86 DB Telephone ------- -142.81 Due Cal 250.84 Ward's Expenses 333.70 DB ------- -82.86 6.01 DB Telephone ------- -88.87 Due Ward Doublechecking ... 231.68 -142.81 -88.87 ------- 0.00 Unaccounted Funds Here is the shell script that I used to do the calculations and write the report. It invokes AWK with the formatting program enclosed in quotes. The program keeps a running sum that it clears when it sees a blank line (NF==0). Other calculations are performed in place. The first occurrence of a variable name defines it as that sum. Subsequent occurrences become the stored value. script exec awk ' $1 ~ /^[A-Z]+[A-Z0-9]*$/ { if (sums[$1] == "" || $1 == "SUM") { sums[$1] = sum # Define Symbol $1 = sum sum = 0 } else { $1 = sums[$1] # Dereference Symbol } } ($1+0) != 0 {$1 = sprintf("%7.2f", $1)} # Pretty Print {print} $2 == "*" {$1 *= $3} # Explicit Calculations $2 == "/" {$1 /= $3} $2 == "DB" {$1 = -$1} $2 == "CR" {$1 = -$1} NF == 0 {sum = 0} # Implicit Summation {sum += $1} ' $1
A six-year-old stickler for the rules dialled 911 to turn his father in to police for running a red light.
Officers in Quincy, Massachusetts, USA, have released audio of the call from young crimefighter Robbie Richardson via their Facebook page. "Every day we answer numerous 911 calls," they wrote. "Often times, these calls are from individuals who are in need of immediate assistance. Sometimes, it's a simple misdial. Then there's Robert's 9-1-1 call." In the call, made on Saturday, Robbie tells police: "Daddy went past a red light... It was a black truck. It was in a brand-new car, my mummy's car."
Robbie Richardson called police to report his father Credit: NBC News
He told the operator that his father had been on the way to the car wash when he ran the traffic lights. The operator then asks to speak to the boy's father, who laughed and apologised before confirming there was no emergency. Speaking to NBC News, Robbie - who police said is six, but whose father said is five - said he had wanted police to give his father a ticket, explaining that he knew drivers should "go slow" at a yellow light, and "stop" at a red.
Mike Richardson said it had been a 'misunderstanding'. Credit: NBC News
by RUSS STEWART
Illinois is an anomaly. It is "The Land of Lassitude." Voters are passive, partisan and forgiving. In state government, there are no checks and balances to Democratic abuses, ineptitude and favoritism.
In any other state, when a governor is impeached, indicted, convicted and imprisoned, the party of that incumbent would be shamed, tarnished and ousted. Not in Illinois.
In any other state, when one party controls all the levers of government — governor, both houses of the state legislature and the supreme court — and that party fails to govern effectively, voters would hold them accountable and they would be ousted. Not in Illinois.
In any other state, when a governor raises $24 million over a 5-year period, much of it from vendors doing business with the state government, there should be an inkling of voter, media and legislative concern, if not outrage, over "pay to play." Not in Illinois.
In any other state, when the speaker of the house, in power for 30 years, has a daughter who is the state attorney general, raises $6 million per election cycle from corporations and unions, and uses that money to elect compliant, controllable Democrats, voters would rebel. Not in Illinois.
In any other state, when a governor poses as a reformer, raises individual and corporate income taxes "temporarily," then reneges on the promise and wants to make the increase permanent, his credibility is shot. Not in Illinois.
In any other state, when the governor ceaselessly panders to voter blocs, advocating gay marriage, driver's licenses for illegal aliens and minimum wage hikes, but dithers on key fiscal issues, he's a goner. Not in Illinois.
In most states, ethnic, racial, religious and cultural groupings typify the political environment. Among the more heterogeneous Democrats, intrinsic differences and rivalries occasionally contribute to the election of a Republican over an "unacceptable" Democrat. Not in Illinois. With the exception of conservative Glenn Poshard's defeat for governor in 1998 by George Ryan, every Democratic constituency supports every Democrat.
In any other state, when the governor, faced with state debt of $44.7 billion, unfunded pensions of $85 billion, unpaid Medicaid bills of $7 billion, and the certainty that one-third ($10 billion) of the state's annual revenue stream will be allocated to pension payments by 2017, he has a problem. When he adopts a pro-union position of no pension cuts, he's a goner. Not in Illinois.
In any other state, where the governor and legislature constantly bicker and squabble, where the more liberal senate is constantly at variance with the more conservative house, and where the Democrats control both chambers by veto-proof super majorities (over 60 percent) of 40-19 and 71-47, one would expect voter disgust. Not in Illinois. In 2012 even more Democrats were elected to the General Assembly.
In Illinois, politicians who are mendacious, inept and felonious don't poison the party well as long as they're Democrats. Yet a Republican like George Ryan, who did what the Democrats have always done — extorted campaign donations from state employees — went to jail and poisoned the Republican statewide ticket in 2002. Of course, the equally disgraced Rod Blagojevich, now in federal prison, didn't elicit anti-Democratic revulsion in 2010, when Pat Quinn kept the governorship by 31,834 votes.
Illinois' problem, and Republican candidate Bruce Rauner's conundrum in 2014, is that it has become an obsessively partisan state. The Republican brand is hugely unacceptable. Democratic abuses are overlooked. Minorities simply will not vote for any Republican candidate, no matter how repugnant the Democratic candidate is. Blacks are 15 percent of Illinois' 2010 population of 12,864,380, Hispanics are 16 percent, and Asians are 5 percent, and the white population is 73 percent. That's giving the Democrats a locked-in voter base of 20 to 25 percent. To win, a Republican needs to get 65 percent of the white vote. Unfortunately, white women vote for Democrats, usually by 60-40 margins, while white men back Republicans by 55-45.
In addition, Illinois has evolved into a city-state. The urban population in Chicago, the Cook County suburbs and the Collar Counties outnumbers the state's other 95 counties by 2-1. More than 62 percent of the state's registered voters are in the Chicago metropolitan area, and 38 percent are Downstate.
In virtually every other Midwestern state, politics is driven by ideology. The Republicans are the party of white conservatives from the suburbs or rural areas, and the Democrats are the party of white liberals, minorities, gays and feminists. The moderate or independent vote, usually about 15 to 20 percent, determines the outcome. That is the norm in states such as Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, Indiana and Iowa.
Interestingly, Illinois is not yet one of the country's most habitual Democratic states. That distinction belongs to Hawaii, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Vermont, Maryland and Connecticut, all of which are city-states dominated by urban Democrats, but each of which recently has elected a Republican governor to compensate for overwhelmingly Democratic legislatures. That's "checks and balances." Not in Illinois.
Here's a review of a few states:
Hawaii: Nowhere is ethnic, religious and cultural factionalism more evident than in Barack Obama's birthplace. Hawaii makes Illinois look like an oasis of tranquility. It is a prototype of America's emerging bi-racial society, where half of all married couples are biracial. Of the general population, 42 percent are at least partly white, 57 percent are of Japanese, Chinese or Filipino heritage, and 26 percent are native Hawaiians or Pacific Islanders. Japanese Americans are dominant. There are Buddhists, Hindus, Christians and Jews. Virtually all the factions detest the Republicans.
The state's preeminent politician was the late Daniel Inouye, a Japanese American who was a senator from 1962 to 2012 and who built the state's Democratic machine. After becoming a state in 1959, a Republican governor was elected, but a Democrat controlled the statehouse from 1962 to 2002. Obama won the state with 71 percent of the vote in 2012. The Democrats have 24-1 and 44-7 majorities in the Senate and House. In 2002 voters rebelled and elected Jewish Republican Linda Lingle as governor. She was re-elected in 2006 but was term-limited in 2010. New York-born Congressman Neil Abercrombie won the governorship in 2010 with 58 percent of the vote, but he created a firestorm when, after Inouye's death in 2012, he appointed white Jewish lieutenant governor Brian Schatz to the vacancy rather than Japanese-American Buddhist congresswoman Colleen Hanabusa. Now Hanabusa is challenging Schatz, and Abercrombie has a Japanese-American primary foe. It's biracial warfare.
Honolulu's former native Hawaiian mayor is running for governor as an independent, and the Republican candidate is Lingle's former lieutenant governor, a Japanese American. In a three-way race, the Republican can win.
Massachusetts: Legendary for being the only state to support George McGovern in 1972 and for foisting Michael Dukakis on the Democrats in 1988, Massachusetts last voted for a Republican for president in 1956. It is a one-party state, with the Democrats up 9-0 in the congressional delegation and with legislative majorities of 36-4 in the Senate and 129-29 in the House. Obama won Massachusetts with 61 percent of the vote against the state's former Republican governor, Mitt Romney. Yet Massachusetts had a Republican governor for 32 of the 62 years from 1952 to 2014, and continuously from 1990 to 2006. Voters are sophisticated. They intuitively understand that rapacious legislative Democrats (sounds like Illinois) need the check and balance of a Republican governor.
Rhode Island: Obama won the state with 63 percent of the vote in 2012, and the Democrats have majorities of 32-5 in the Senate and 69-6 in the House. There is no Republican presence in Providence. Yet the Democrats haven't elected a governor since 1990. A Republican was elected in 1994, 1998, 2002 and 2006, and a liberal former Republican U.S. senator was elected as an independent in 2010. The winner in November likely will be Democratic state Treasurer Gina Raimondo, who is pro-charter schools and anti-union.
Vermont: The state boasts Bernie Sanders, a self-proclaimed socialist, as a senator. Obama won 67 percent of the vote in 2012, and the legislature is 23-7 and 97-44. Yet a Republican was the governor from 2002 to 2010 and, before Democrat Howard Dean, for many years in the 1970s and 1980s.
Maryland: Call it "Washingmore," a true city-state comprising Baltimore and the Washington, D.C., suburbs. Illinois has had Republican governors for 38 of 62 years since 1952. In Maryland, in the 60 years since 1954, Republicans have been elected governor twice, and they served a total of 6 years. Spiro Agnew, later the disgraced vice president, won in 1966 and resigned in 1968. Bob Erlich won in 2002, defeating Bobby Kennedy's daughter, but he lost in 2006. Obama won an astonishing 78 percent of the vote in 2012, in a state with a 31 percent black population. In November Democratic Lieutenant Governor Anthony Brown, will be elected to succeed Marty O'Malley, who is running for president.
Republican states such as Kansas, Idaho, Wyoming, Nebraska, Indiana and North Dakota occasionally elect a member of the opposite party as governor, as a reaction to an incumbent's ineptitude. So do Democratic states Connecticut, New Jersey, Maine and Michigan.
However, if Quinn beats Rauner, Illinois arguably will rank as America's most Democratic state.
Send e-mail to russ@russstewart. com or visit his Web site at www. russstewart.com.
culture The Worst of Reel Toronto
For its fifth anniversary, Reel Toronto assembles a true Torontonian's guide to the worst films ever shot here.
Toronto's extensive work on the silver screen reveals that, while we have the chameleonic ability to look like anywhere from New York City to Moscow, the disguise doesn't always hold up to scrutiny. Reel Toronto revels in digging up and displaying the films that attempt to mask, hide, or—in rare cases—proudly display our city.
As we mentioned last week in the first instalment in our multi-part fifth-anniversary Reel Toronto–thon, the average Rotten Tomatoes score for a made-in-Toronto movie sits just a fraction above 50 per cent. In fairness, the average for movies shot in Los Angeles or New York probably isn't much better. The difference is that those movies, for the most part, take place where they were shot.
Home Alone 2: Lost in New York is a terrible movie, granted, but at least they shot it in New York! Glitter is just as horrible and it's also set in New York, but it has an extra layer of terrible because of how transparent its fake New Yorkness is.
Our team of therapists advised us not to subject ourselves to all this again. “Remember how good Take This Waltz was? Live in that moment,” they begged us. But duty calls. Herewith, the most unabashedly horrible shot-in-Toronto movies we've profiled. To make this list, a movie can't just be bad; it must also have made bad use of Toronto.
1 The Love Guru
The Love Guru deserves a special place, a very special place here. Unlike all the faux–New York movies we'll get to in a second, The Love Guru‘s setting is actually Toronto. Even better, it's about the Toronto Maple Leafs winning the Stanley Cup—which, sure, makes it a fantasy, but what a fantasy for Torontonians like us! And it stars (and was written by) local boy Mike Myers, who has been responsible for primo comedy in the past.
And what does it do with that all that puck on its stick? It scores on its own net and drags the whole city down with it. Oh sure, it's clever to pretend the Scarborough Bluffs are in India…
…or to drag Kanye West down to the ACC for a pointless cameo (with Mike Myers as himself!)…
…or to desecrate Casa Loma (unless you think a sitar jam to “More Than Words” is clever).
Oh, well. If you're strong enough, you can always take a little solace in this amazingly unlikely image. Even if the lockout ever ends, this might be the closest you come to seeing it. Now that's scary.
2 Glitter
Glitter is generally regarded as one of the worst things to ever come out of Hollywood. It was such a dramatic failure that Mariah Carey had to step out of the spotlight and get treated for that most severe of celebrity maladies, “exhaustion.” Worse, “extreme exhaustion,” according to People magazine, which is like Encyclopedia Britannica when it comes to such things.
It does make minimal effort to pretend it was really shot in New York, mostly through hyeper-kinetic montages of the skyline. Yeah, it doesn't work. As you can see above, they sullied the Opera House…
…Monsoon…
…and Copps Coliseum in their quest for perfect awfulness.
3 Short Circuit 2
If you're not old enough, you don't remember the first Short Circuit, let alone comprehend the second, which was shot here. The former was one of those surprising sleeper hits (and it starred Steve Guttenberg!). It was a rather charming, if silly, mid-'80s movie about a robot that becomes sentient after being hit by lightning.
And the latter? The first mistake was going forward with a sequel even though the two stars (Guttenberg and Ally Sheedy) decided to stay out. Then they set the film in New York but didn't spend so much as a cent to use some stock skyline shorts or otherwise pretend the movie was really shot in the Big Apple. We appreciate the footage of '80s Toronto, but does anyone who's ever been to Times Square think that this opening scene, outside the Eaton Centre, passes muster? Come on!
This film doesn't try at all! If you'd ever been to New York (or even read a book about it, or seen a movie set there) you'd know that a landmark building like this is nowhere to be seen…
…ditto for this…
…and for the huge overcompensation they used to pretend Queen's Park is in the United States.
4 Anything Starring Eugene Levy
Euguene Levy has made good movies. And TV? Dude made some of the best TV ever! He's got a shelf full of awards! But the Hamilton native seems to have this thing about taking cinematic gigs that are close to home, but that are just consistently awful. How could we pick just one?
We were happy when Levy got a career kick from American Pie. And we're capitalists so we don't begrudge him doing a sequel. But why so many? Why was each more horrible than the last?! Why bring them home with you??!! Wikipedia neutrally notes that he is “the only actor to have appeared in all eight of the American Pie films.” There are eight of them? And is that something you want in your obit?
Whether donning a toga at a Thornhill mansion…
…visiting the University of Toronto…
…or the campus of McMaster, in his hometown of Hamilton, Levy has brought some serious shame to town.
Cheaper by the Dozen 2 drags Steve Martin down into the muck, but at least it has the good sense to hang out mostly outside the city, like in these camp scenes shot at Burleigh Falls.
But they did come to town for some scenes, like this one at the Bloor Cinema.
We always like having Samuel L. Jackson around, but what genius thought a mismatched cop comedy thingie called The Man would work? Whether dining at the Kingsbrae Diner…
…failing to muster sufficient production savvy to move a garbage can in order to preserve the illusion of Big Apple–ness..
…or turning the Direct Energy Centre into an airport, there's a lot of bad going down. Worth noting: Levy earned a Razzie nomination for the feat of producing The Man and Cheaper by the Dozen in the same year. He lost the Razzie to Torontonian Hadyen Christensen for his Revenge of the Sith performance. But Levy, at least, got to sleep in his own bed.
And New York Minute is just a vehicle for the Olsen Twins, so even the whole cast of SCTV couldn't save it. Bringing in Andrea Martin for some filming at the Toronto Centre for the Arts couldn't help.
They also tried to pretend Weston Road…
…and the Georgetown GO station are in New York. But none of it works.
5 Three-Way Tie: Terrible Action Movies
Again, you can't blame us for refusing to pick just one of Exit Wounds, Maximum Risk, and Death Wish V. Three movies, all ostensibly set in the States (mostly New York, again!), all feature over-the-hill action stars in lesser works. There's no postmodern Expendables irony here, folks. Just weak moviemaking.
Like, Steven Segal's Exit Wounds is supposed to be set in Detroit and yet we see the CBC atrium…
…and Metro Hall.
Jean-Claude Van Damme's Maximum Risk was shot at the classic Canary Restaurant…
…the Zanzibar…
…and tries to pretend the Yonge-Dundas area is actually Times Square.
But the real bottom of the barrel is Charles Bronson's Death Wish V. Whether they're pretending Knox College is a courthouse…
…throwing a guy through the window on Colborne Street…
…or asking you to believe our skyline looks anything like Manhattan's, they're just courting disaster from start to finish.
As you can see, there are many ways to shoot a bad movie in Toronto. Clearly, pretending Yonge Street looks anything like Times Square is a start, and doing a sequel doesn't hurt either. But if you can work the otherwise-very-talented Eugene Levy in there too? Well, then, you've really got our attention.
Next Week: Cult classics and guilty pleasures.
React was open sourced two weeks ago and it's time for a little round-up of what has been going on.
Khan Academy Question Editor
It looks like Sophie Alpert is the first person outside of Facebook and Instagram to push React code to production. We are very grateful for her contributions in form of pull requests, bug reports and presence on IRC (#reactjs on Freenode). Sophie wrote about her experience using React:
I just rewrote a 2000-line project in React and have now made a handful of pull requests to React. Everything about React I've seen so far seems really well thought-out and I'm proud to be the first non-FB/IG production user of React. The project that I rewrote in React (and am I continuing to improve) is the Khan Academy question editor which content creators can use to enter questions and hints that will be presented to students: Read the full post…
Pimp my Backbone.View (by replacing it with React)
Paul Seiffert wrote a blog post that explains how to integrate React into Backbone applications.
React has some interesting concepts for JavaScript view objects that can be used to eliminate this one big problem I have with Backbone.js. As in most MVC implementations (although React is probably just a VC implementation), a view is one portion of the screen that is managed by a controlling object. This object is responsible for deciding when to re-render the view and how to react to user input. With React, these view-controllers objects are called components. A component knows how to render its view and how to handle to the user's interaction with it. The interesting thing is that React is figuring out by itself when to re-render a view and how to do this in the most efficient way. Read the full post…
Using facebook's React with require.js
Mario Mueller wrote a menu component in React and was able to easily integrate it with require.js, EventEmitter2 and bower.
I recently stumbled upon facebook's React library, which is a JavaScript library for building reusable frontend components. Even if this lib is only at version 0.3.x it behaves very stable, it is fast and is fun to code. I'm a big fan of require.js, so I tried to use React within the require.js eco system. It was not as hard as expected and here are some examples and some thoughts about it. Read the full post…
Origins of React
Pete Hunt explained what differentiates React from other JavaScript libraries in a previous blog post. Lee Byron gives another perspective on Quora:
Cremation Ashes: The Strange Places People Spread Them
by Brian Vaszily, Author of the #1 International Bestseller,
The 9 Intense Experiences -- named one of the Top 5
Motivational Books -- and Founder of IntenseExperiences.com
When my father died in 1990, his body was cremated per his wishes. While cremation had been popular for eons throughout much of the rest of the world, back then in the United States the cremation rate was still under 20 percent. The idea of his body becoming cremation ashes made several of the attendees at his funeral raise their eyebrows. The idea of his body becoming cremation ashes made several of the attendees at his funeral raise their eyebrows. Since then, though -- and pardon the very bad pun -- cremation has been getting hotter in America. In 2001, according to the Cremation Association of America, 27 percent of all deaths were cremated. In 2010, there was an estimated 38.15% cremations, according to the National Funeral Directors Association. Part of the reason for this rapid rise in cremations is surely the cost. While a funeral with a traditional burial may cost in the range of $7000 to $10,000, a funeral with cremation costs $4000 to $6000. Another part of the reason may be America's fixation on the material world including the body, our corresponding difficulty in acknowledging death and the end of the body, and therefore the psychological finality and "quickness" of cremating a body versus burying it. But still another part of the reason is the symbolic potential the cremated ashes present. Put simply, unlike a body which must be buried in a permanent location (an issue itself in an increasingly mobile America), cremation ashes can virtually be spread anywhere ... including anywhere that had meaning to, or that symbolizes, the deceased. This can obviously be a powerful experience of closure for the living. Not surprisingly, therefore, the practice of scattering cremation ashes in unusual, non-traditional (and often illegal) locations is, well, spreading. More than a few dearly departeds' ashes are floating around the corners of Wrigley Field, Fenway Park, Yankee Stadium and other ballparks. Beaches, favorite rivers and lakes, and local and national parks like Yosemite are standard fare, but spreading ashes at personally meaningful places such as the base of the Washington Monument, off the Stratosphere Tower in Las Vegas, or even outside the Mall of America in Minneapolis is increasingly prevalent. Still, you know something has truly become popular in America when it has become Disneyfied...
No, That's Not Tinkerbell's Magic Fairy Dust Video cameras at Disneyland are recording an alarming trend: more and more visitors are spreading the cremated ashes of their loved ones on their favorite attractions. In November 2007, for example, a woman was caught sprinkling ashes from the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. By the end of the attraction's 15 minute duration, she managed to cover much of the “Captain's Quarters” with the powdery remains of her beloved. In November 2007, for example, a woman was caught sprinkling ashes from the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. By the end of the attraction's 15 minute duration, she managed to cover much of the “Captain's Quarters” with the powdery remains of her beloved. But by far the most popular location in Disneyland to spread cremated ashes of loved ones is in the Haunted Mansion attraction. I suppose they hope to see their face among all those other spirits you see during that ride. Yet another popular ride to spread ashes is the "It's a Small World" exhibit ... apparently so the spirit of the beloved can hear that nearly-imposible-to-get-out-of-your-head "It's a Small World After All" song for all eternity!
"HEPA Cleanup on Snow White!" The California Health and Safety Code states it is a misdemeanor violation to scatter human cremation ashes on private property, which includes Disneyland, without written permission (even though the ashes pose no threat to health). So does that mean you can go to Disneyland and ask for written permission to spread cremated ashes so you aren't breaking the law? So does that mean you can go to Disneyland and ask for written permission to spread cremated ashes so you aren't breaking the law? Well, you can. But when Disney representatives are asked for such permision their answer is always no. To deal with the expanding problem, Disneyland's custodial department has recently purchased special vacuums with HEPA filters to clean up the symbolic scene. These vacuums can capture the tiny cremated ash of human remains while also capturing the small bone fragments that often remain after the cremation. When cast members witness the scattering of a powdery substance on a ride, they are required to call the janitorial hotline and quietly use the code "HEPA Cleanup." But maybe publicizing that fate for the cremation ashes would prevent at least some people from sifting their loved ones around during Mr. Toad's Wild Ride.
Beware of Falling Cremation Ashes extreme places. As cremation continues to become more popular in the U.S. -- where, of course, it is our cultural rite to one-up one another in outrageousness -- don't be surprised to hear about people spreading loved ones' ashes in increasinglyplaces. Movie theaters for a departed film buffs? Old Country Buffet for departed smorgasbord lovers? Wal-Mart for devoted but now departed low price shoppers? Again, spreading the cremated ashes of a loved one in a personally meaningful location can be a very uplifting experience for close friends and family of the departed. But my hope is that people remain respectful of other people and keep such ceremonies far from potential exposure to the public. We still have the urn containing my father's cremation ashes. Though as I recall it my father also enjoyed The Pirates of the Carribean ride, the intention instead is to bury his cremated ashes whereever my mother is buried many, many years hence when she passes away. As for me, I do want to be cremated as well when I die. As I find sanctuary in woods, I'd like the ashes buried or spread by trees that have some significance to the loved ones I leave behind. But then again, Space Mountain IS one of my all-time favorite rollercoasters...
"Like" this Crematiion Ashes article and Comment on it below...
(ANSWER THIS:
Where would YOU consider spreading the cremated ashes of a loved one ... OR
What meaningful place would you want your OWN cremation ashes to be spread? )
And DON'T MISS:
with a Unique Approach Called "The Switch"
If You Feel Estranged or Distant from Anyone You Care About, Try The
Info on the Cremation Society
Embrace Death to Thrive in Life: The Famous Recording is Yours FREE
"Like" this Crematiion Ashes article and Comment on it below...(ANSWER THIS:And Healing the Pain of Loss and Death with a Unique Approach Called "The Switch"If You Feel Estranged or Distant from Anyone You Care About, Try The Deathbed Experience Info on the: The Famous Recording is Yours FREE
Portland Timbers defender Jermaine Taylor dribbles the ball during a preseason game against the Houston Dynamo at the Kino Sports Complex in Tucson, Arizona on Wednesday, February 3, 2016.
MLS veteran Jermaine Taylor came to the Portland Timbers in the offseason from the Houston Dynamo to add depth along a back line depleted in the offseason.
Brought in through the Major League Soccer reentry draft, the veteran defender was slotted to back up center backs Liam Ridgwell and Nat Borchers.
But Taylor was called to start the first game. In a move over to left back. Against the Columbus Crew. At Providence Park.
He responded exactly as the Timbers had hoped when they picked him up. The reviews all were positive.
"Fantastic," from Ridgewell.
"Very solid," from coach Caleb Porter.
"I thought he did excellent," from Borchers.
Taylor was low-key about it: "I'm a pro."
In his debut Taylor managed to turn Crew forward Ethan Finlay into a non-factor in the Timbers 2-1 win in a match that was emotionally charged well before kickoff as Portland celebrated its first MLS Cup title, won on the road against Columbus last December.
"I knew he could do it," Porter said, pointing to Taylor's experience. "In the role that we put him in, which is to stay at home and to manage Finlay ... I thought he did a job on Finlay."
"I'm always getting ready for whenever my name is called," Taylor said.
In the run-up to the season opener, the Timbers' left defender spot was a question mark. Jorge Villafana, who had a brilliant 2015 season, left for Liga MX side Santos Laguna and Chris Klute, brought in to replace him, has been dealing with a knee injury. Ridgewell, who has experience on the left, was in the mix to move over.
Porter could have gone another way. Andy Thoma was an option, but sustained a knee injury last week and is out for six weeks. Zarek Valentin played on the left in preseason, but Porter said he went with Taylor and his experience.
"It was good," Taylor said. "As a pro, you've got to adjust, you've got to make that transition."
He did, and it worked.
Over at FourFourTwo.com, Finlay got the mention, but it was Taylor who dictated the story:
"And, no, Ethan Finlay didn't look like a U.S. national teamer in his 2016 Crew debut," Steve Davis noted in the post.
As Klute continues to recover (he'll play with T2 this weekend) and Porter continues to evaluate the position, Taylor starting at left back could be a temporary fix.
But the Jamaican national team player said he expects to start on the left side again when the Timbers go on the road to take on the San Jose Earthquakes on Sunday.
Taylor said he's ready. Playing in the first game helped.
"To get that game and the first win, it's a big confidence booster going forward," he said.
-- Molly Blue
There are 8 active users currently online. Comments
RSH
CLOCKWORK ANGELS TOR PICTRES BB&T Center - Ft. Lauderdale, Florida
April 26th, 2013 The "Clockwork Angels" Tour spanned from September 7th through December 2nd, 2012 and April 18th through August 4th, 2013 | Tour Dates | --- | Set List | --- | Tour Book |
Concert review: Rush at the BB&T
On the one hand, the idea that Rush continues to find mainstream acceptance is vindication for a fan base that Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl recently said was "only rivaled by the Grateful Dead" in terms of fervent devotion.
Over the past four years, the Canadian prog-rock trio-singer/bassist Geddy Lee, guitarist Alex Lifeson and drummer Neil Peart-has been a plot point in a box-office hit (2009's "I Love You, Man" with Paul Rudd and Jason Segel) and the focus of a critically acclaimed documentary (2010's "Beyond the Lighted Stage") about its career. The crowning validation came on April 18, when Rush-after 15 years of eligibility-earned its rightful place in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. It came as no surprise that this was the year Rush broke into the Hall; fans were allowed to vote for the first time.
On the other hand, who invited this influx of Fly-By-Night types into the club? Where were these people in 1976, when Rush released the epic seven-part suite that consumed all 20 minutes, 34 seconds on side one of "2112?" Or in 1977, when Peart had fans scrambling for copies of Samuel Taylor Coleridge's poem "Kubla Khan" after penning lyrics to the 11 minute, 7 second "Xanadu?"
More importantly, would Rush accept this long overdue group hug and make Permanent Waves with its core following by trying to appease the masses?
As Rush fans well know-and as evidenced by last Friday's concert at the BB&T Center in Sunrise-there isn't a Ghost of a Chance of that happening. At a point in its career-the band has released 19 albums of original material spanning nearly 40 years-where other groups would rely on their greatest hits and call it a night, Rush opened the second set of its first South Florida appearance since 2008 with nine consecutive songs off its latest effort, "Clockwork Angels."
Imagine the Rolling Stones releasing a new album this year-and then playing nine straight songs off it instead of delving deep into the back catalog. The only thing preventing a riot would be the audience's collective osteoporosis.
Rush fans don't just tolerate new music by the band, they embrace it. They're also apt to analyze the concert like the Zapruder film ("Did anyone see the upper left stage light flicker at the 2 minute mark of 'The Anarchist'?"), but that's part of the kick of being along for this four-decade ride.
In the spirit of full disclosure, this was my 15th time seeing the band-and it turned out to be one of my favorite shows. In addition to hearing Rush with a string ensemble for the first time (the string group accompanied the band for much of the second set), the nearly three-hour show showcased Lifeson, one of rock's most underrated guitarists, in fierce form, tearing through featured romps on the likes of "The Analog Kid" and "Force Ten" and soaring on the heavier pieces off the new album.
Peart, meanwhile, eschewed his typically lengthy second-set solo for a couple of shorter vignettes, but any opportunity to see the man that other rock percussionists view as Lord of the Drums is a near-religious experience. In that sense, the past decade has been as much of an unexpected treat for fans as it has been a validation.
When Peart's daughter, Selena, died in a single-car accident in 1997, followed 10 months later by the cancer-related death of his common-law wife of 22 years, Jacqueline, it appeared that Rush's unlikely run had come to an end.
But less than four years later, Peart and Rush returned with a vengeance. In 2002, the band released its first album in 27 years without keyboard or synthesizer contributions, the hard-driving "Vapor Trails." That same year, the ultra-private Peart published Ghost Rider, a deeply personal and revealing look into his "healing road," which involved 14 months and 55,000 miles on his motorcycle.
Ten years and five tours later, Rush is playing "The Spirit of Radio" and "Tom Sawyer" to a new generation of fans who are finding out what us die-hards have known all along-and what Grohl noted when he inducted the band at the Hall of Fame.
"Rush," he said, "has always been cool."
By Kevin Kaminski, Boca Raton magazine
The following pictures were taken by sidfish and marv3240
Supporting Bernie Sanders is a heady mix of emotions, like being in an on-again, off-again relationship.
Things were good last weekend. Sanders won Washington, Alaska and Hawaii in what would be the best performing day of his campaign thus far, but the road ahead remains long and filled with speed bumps. And by speed bumps, I mean Sanders' delegate deficit.
Advertisement:
Sanders currently trails Hillary Clinton by 228 pledged delegates; 2,383 delegates are required to win the Democratic nomination, which means Sanders will need 998 more. Put another way, in order to “take things to the next level” with Sanders, he needs slightly less than 57 percent of the remaining delegates' pledged support.
Basically, in an optimistic future where they make a film about Bernie Sanders' road to victory, right about now would be a good moment for that Rocky-style montage.
"We are certainly in this to win it," Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said earlier this week to press, "and there is a path to do so." Strong words from Bern's man in the corner, but does he have the support to back it up?
The Sanders campaign has received more than $4 million in donations since Saturday. So it's clear that when it comes to popular support, there's no shortage of people feeling the Bern. The real question is, whether that fever can extend to those 998 delegates.
Earlier today, famed statistician Nate Silver (currently the editor-in-chief of ESPN's FiveThirtyEight blog and a special correspondent for ABC News) offered up his calculations mapping out Bernie's miracle path to victory. Disregarding the remaining likely Sanders-friendly states (such as Oregon, Rhode Island, West Virginia and Montana), the real fight, according to Silver, will come down to the states with the bulk of the remaining delegates: namely, California, New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland. According to the polls, it's going to be a real tough couple rounds for Sanders.
Then again, polls aren't everything.
Advertisement:
In a Huffington Post article, Seth Abramson pointed to the shift in Sanders' support on voting days. Abramson cited the Democratic primary in Florida, which saw 18 percent of voters change their minds in favor of Sanders, according to exit polls.
“The point here,” said Abramson, “is that Hillary Clinton has been losing the primary for a month now in votes cast after the race began to favor Sanders on March 5th. This means that most of the projections the media is making about how Bernie Sanders will do going forward are based on election results, exit polls, and voter surveys compiled before that critical March 5th date.”
Looking at the numbers, New York has Sanders polling at a paltry 29 percent. Taken together with Pennsylvania and Maryland, if the decision came down to these numbers, Sanders would be out of the race today. As Silver notes, “to reach a pledged delegate majority, Sanders will have to win most of the delegates from those big states. A major loss in any of them could be fatal to his chances. He could afford to lose one or two of them narrowly, but then he'd need to make up ground elsewhere—he'd probably have to win California by double digits, for example.”
As things currently stand, predicting the outcome of the remaining race seems less a war of numbers than of narratives. One story has Clinton only furthering her lead, particularly in states like New York, where her “trusted, reliable brand” trades well with minority voters. Given this scenario, Clinton could go on to win the nomination by 400 to 500 pledged delegates, according to Silver.
Advertisement:
Then there's the Sanders-as-Stallone scenario. Here, we could potentially see Sanders gaining solid momentum in a number of the medium-sized states (Wisconsin, Indiana, Kentucky and New Mexico), bringing the gap close enough to allow for a down-to-the-wire finish in the bigger delegate-rich states.
Taking the numbers from Sanders' original pledged delegate targets and adding in an optimistic couple extra, Silver created a “path-of-least-implausibility” to show what such a race might look like:
Silver went on to explain his logic behind these numbers. “It's not hard to imagine Sanders meeting these super-optimistic projections in a few of the states,” he said, adding the inevitable proviso that Sanders would have to continue to win in the remaining states, or else greatly exceed expectations in New York and California.
Advertisement:
It could happen. Just this week, the hashtag #BernieMadeMeWhite challenged the mainstream media narrative that has Clinton dominating Sanders among minority voters. In Silver's prediction, there's even room for existing superdelegates to shft their favor from Clinton to Sanders in upcoming weeks. In order for that to happen though, says Silver, “you might even say it would require a revolution, a profound rejection of Clinton and the status quo.”
